Maryland Brain Injury Lawyers
Traumatic Brain Injury Attorneys Serving Southern Maryland
A traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) is a type of closed - head injury common in car accidents , falls , and other accidents .
A traumatic brain injury occurs when the head strikes an object or is struck by or against an object with enough force to cause temporary or permanent impairment in brain function .
Jaklitsch Law Group : The Brain Injury Attorneys
Call for a Free Consultation : ( 301 ) 627-8700 or 866-586-6079
Each year , at least 1.5 million Americans sustain a traumatic brain injury .
That ’s more than 4,000 TBIs each day , according to the Brain Injury Association of America .
A concussion is a form of traumatic brain injury .
However , many TBIs can be much more serious , resulting in permanent , life - altering disabilities as well as fatalities .
Brain injury claims more than 50,000 lives and leaves more than 80,000 individuals with lifelong disabilities each year .
— Brain Injury Association of America
If you or someone you love has developed a traumatic brain injury because of someone else ’s negligence , you have a right to recover financial compensation for your losses .
Please call 301-627-8700 today to speak with a Maryland brain injury attorney at the Jaklitsch Law Group to discuss your legal rights and options .
The initial consultation is free of charge and you will pay no attorney fees unless we win your case .
Helping Victims of TBI
We help victims of traumatic brain injury receive the best medical treatment possible .
Not every doctor understands the nuances of TBIs .
The injury can cause subtle changes in thinking , verbal functioning , short - term and long - term memory as well as behavioral and emotional changes .
We can refer you to the doctors and rehabilitation experts who know how to help .
After a traumatic brain injury , you may no longer be able to do the same type of work anymore .
We will help you get the vocational rehabilitation you need .
Working with an economist , we will make sure that your brain injury claim includes compensation for your loss of current and future earning potential .
For effective representation in cases involving traumatic brain injury , you can trust the attorneys of the Jaklitsch Law Group .
Contact us today to discuss your case .
From our office in Upper Marlboro and Annapolis , we represent people who have suffered traumatic brain injuries throughout Prince George ’s County , Anne Arundel County and in southern Maryland ( Baltimore , Bowie , Suitland - Silver Hill , Greenbelt , Waldorf , Saint Charles , Clinton , Parole , and Columbia ) .
If you can not come to us , we can arrange to meet you in Maryland or DC .
Tax calculator
After a bruising campaign and weeks of voting by mail , today 's big tax election may be decided by an onslaught of last - minute voters such as Courtenay Morton and Neil McManaway , two Portlanders who were among a steady stream of voters dropping off ballots Monday at Pioneer Courthouse Square .
Morton , 34 , a homemaker , and McManaway , 31 , an unemployed architect , voted " yes " on the measures .
But opponents of the two tax measures said they are rounding up scads of late " no " votes as well from fence - sitters and procrastinators .
" The election is going to be close enough that those who are still wrestling with a decision and sending in their ballots can have a significant effect , " said Pat McCormick , spokesman for Oregonians Against Job -Killing Taxes , the main group opposing Measures 66 and 67 .
Tuesday is the last day to vote on whether to increase taxes on higher - income earners and corporations to pay for schools and other state services .
Ballots , which have been in the hands of voters for nearly three weeks , must be deposited in one of nearly
.
It 's too late to mail them to meet Tuesday 's 8 p.m. deadline .
So far ,
, or about half of Oregon 's 2 million registered voters .
Tens of thousands more are expected to cast ballots Tuesday as Oregonians continue a trend of voting under the pressure of a deadline .
Secretary of State Kate Brown has predicted statewide turnout of 62 to 64 percent , which would mean another 200,000 votes cast by tonight .
McCormick said he 's encouraged by the large turnouts in counties viewed as anti-tax compared with a lower turnout in the Portland tri-county area .
Multnomah County in particular has been lagging behind , which has concerned supporters who are depending on a large " yes " vote in the Portland area to overcome opposition to the tax hikes .
Ellen Guiney , spokeswoman for Vote Yes for Oregon , said Portland tends to vote late .
Multnomah " has a whole lot of young voters , and young voters tend to vote late , " she said .
Numbers reported by the county appear to back her up .
On Monday ,
, the most in a single day since the mail voting began Jan. 11 .
Both sides said they will continue their full - court press on the phones , scanning voter lists supplied by the state and urging people to get to a drop - off box .
Campaign ads will continue running as well on TV and radio .
Other states facing budget shortages will be watching the results closely .
and the
both weighed in with weekend stories about the vote .
" Oregon 's vote is seen as possibly a model for other states , " said James Moore , political science professor at Pacific University .
" Especially since , if it passes , it will be a tax increase that voters actually approved . "
Closer to home , the voting has yet again divided the state into competing camps , pitting public employee unions against Oregon 's business community .
Nike founder Phil Knight weighed in with words and dollars , becoming the biggest single donor to the opposition .
Teachers unions contributed millions of dollars to pass the tax increases .
" It 's been set up as an either - or , taxes or schools , " said Jackson Miller , a Linfield College communications professor who studies Oregon 's initiative and referendum system .
To date , supporters have raised about $ 6.8 million in campaign contributions compared with $ 4.6 million raised by opponents of the measures .
The two measures would raise an estimated $ 727 million .
That money already has been budgeted for public school spending and other state services .
A defeat would require the Legislature to rebalance the 2009 - 11 state budget when it convenes next week for a short session .
--
British photographer and kayaker Duncan Murrell paddles close to humpback whales to shoot them feeding off the coast of Alaska
The rising level of atmospheric carbon dioxide may be fueling more than climate change .
It could also be making some trees grow like crazy .
That is the finding of a new study of natural stands of quaking aspen , one of North America 's most important and widespread deciduous trees .
The study , by scientists from the University of Wisconsin - Madison and the University of Minnesota at Morris ( UMM ) and published December 4 in the journal Global Change Biology , shows that elevated levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide during the past 50 years have boosted aspen growth rates by an astonishing 50 percent .
" Trees are already responding to a relatively nominal increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide over the past 50 years , " says Rick Lindroth , a UW - Madison professor of ecology and an expert on plant responses to climate change .
Lindroth , UW - Madison colleague Don Waller , and professors Christopher Cole and Jon Anderson of UMM conducted the new study .
The study 's findings are important as the world 's forests , which cover about 30 percent of the Earth 's land surface , play an important role in regulating climate and sequestering greenhouses gases .
The forests of the Northern Hemisphere , in particular , act as sinks for carbon dioxide , helping to offset the increase in levels of the greenhouse gas , widely viewed as a threat to global climate stability .
What 's more , according to the study 's authors , the accelerated growth rates of aspen could have widespread unknown ecological consequences .
Aspen is a dominant tree in mountainous and northern forested regions of North America , including 42 million acres of Canadian forest and up to 6.5 million acres in Wisconsin and Minnesota .
Aspen and their poplar cousins are considered " foundation species , " meaning they exert a strong influence on the plant and animal communities and dynamics of the forest ecosystems where they reside .
" We ca n't forecast ecological change .
It 's a complicated business , " explains Waller , a UW - Madison professor of botany .
" For all we know , this could have very serious effects on slower growing plants and their ability to persist . "
Carbon dioxide , scientists know , is food for plants , which extract it from the air and through the process of photosynthesis convert it to sugar , plant food .
advertisement
Previously , scientists have shown that plants and trees in growth chambers respond to levels of carbon dioxide well above levels in the atmosphere .
The new study is the first to show that aspen in their native forest environments are already growing at accelerated rates due to rising ambient levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
" It 's a change hiding right in front of us , " says Cole , a biologist at UMM .
" Aspens respond to all sorts of things we had to account for -- water , genetics and other factors -- but the strong response to carbon dioxide surprised all of us . "
The study measured the growth rates of 919 trees from Wisconsin forests dominated by aspen and birch .
Trees ranging in age from 5 to 76 years old were sampled and subjected to tree - ring analysis .
Comparing the tree -ring data , a measure of annual tree growth , with records of atmospheric carbon dioxide , the researchers were able to correlate increased rates of growth with changes in the chemistry of the air .
The surprising increase in growth rates for the trees sampled in the study is coupled , the authors note , with moist conditions .
By contrast , aspen in the western United States do not seem to grow as fast as those in the American Midwest , most likely due to recent extended periods of drought .
Also , while the researchers found that aspen grow much faster in response to elevated carbon dioxide , similar effects have not been observed in other trees species , notably oak and pine .
Findings from the new study , the authors note , could augur revisions of the estimates of how much carbon northern temperate northern forests can sequester .
" Forests will continue to be important to soak up anthropogenic carbon dioxide , " says Waller .
" But we can't conclude that aspen forests are going to soak up excess carbon dioxide .
This is going to plateau . "
" Aspens are already doing their best to mitigate our inputs , " agrees Cole .
" The existing trees are going to max out in a couple of decades . "
The new study was funded by the National Science Foundation and UMM .
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
As Ricot Duprevil tells it , rescuers saved him after he spent two weeks under earthquake rubble .
There 's no question that Duprevil was pulled out alive from the rubble of a Port - au - Prince building Tuesday .
But confirmation of his two - week account might just remain buried among the ruins .
A doctor treating the 31 - year - old man says he is inclined to believe Duprevil .
The hospital where Duprevil was taken was unable to conduct an initial blood test that might have helped prove or disprove his account .
And the U.S. soldiers who arrived and treated Duprevil after his rescue did not see which building area residents recovered him from -- a freshly collapsed one or one destroyed two weeks ago , when a 7.0 - magnitude earthquake devastated Haiti .
The residents who rescued him could not be immediately located .
Full coverage
If the Haitian salesman did survive 14 days entombed in rubble , he would match a record set in 1990 by a man pulled free from the ruins of a hotel after a 7.8 - magnitude earthquake in the Philippines .
The Haitian government announced late last week that it was switching from rescue efforts to recovery operations , even as some survivors were found alive .
On Saturday , a 24 - year - old man was freed by a French rescue team , 11 days after the quake .
That man , Wismond Jean - Pierre , had survived on soda found in the hotel shop where he was working at the time of the quake .
And a 5 - year - old boy named Monley flashed an ear - to - ear smile last Wednesday when he was rescued after eight days spent under the ruins of his collapsed home .
Duprevil said he was selling soda when the quake hit and he ran inside a building in fear .
The building then collapsed , he said .
His family reported him missing after the quake , and feverishly looked for him .
i Report : List of missing , found |
Are you there ?
Meanwhile , Duprevil said , he survived by rationing water from a 2 - gallon jug he found among debris .
The water ran out Tuesday morning , he said .
U.S. military medics and doctors at the International Medical Surgical Response team field hospital said Duprevil was severely dehydrated after being rescued , but otherwise had strong blood pressure and pulse .
On Wednesday morning , he was in stable condition while being treated for a fracture to his right thigh bone .
" Undoubtedly , this is very , very exciting , especially for all of us who have been deeply involved in this mission , " said Dr. Henry Ford , who is treating Duprevil .
" To pull this one out ... is exhilarating . "
CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .
The conventional wisdom ( one way you know it 's wrong is that everyone repeats it ) is that Democrats lost in MA because the voters rejected their policies and also rejected big government .
It 's so easy to say so that you can find articles like this everywhere ( this one is from Scott Brown and Bob McDonnell 's pollsters ) :
Apparently , the Democrats thought people had voted for them because of their agenda -- an agenda they really had n't bothered to share with the electorate in the first place .
And now , the party 's bungling has resulted in the highest disapproval rating in Gallup polling history for a president after his first year .
Actually the polls from MA show something very different .
There 's anger and frustration ( you do n't need a poll to know that ) but it 's directed at not getting things done .
The latest poll is from The Washington Post , the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard University 's School of Public Health ( .pdf ) , and what you see is an important picture of non-voters as well as those who turned out .
For example , here were two question put to all surveyed , not just voters :
Whatever frustrations MA has with Obama , the GOP alternative is worse ( that 's , of course , not enough by itself to allow Democrats to win . )
What 's true for Republican voters is n't always true for the electorate as a whole , but even there , this is not evidence of a GOP agenda win .
For example , Brown 's voters like the MA health care plan ( 68 % ) and even in a Brown win , more voters in MA ( 50 % ) thought the govt was n't doing enough than thought the govt .
was doing too much ( 47 % . )
Pay careful attention to the reporting : the 50 - 47 is from voters .
Overall , wanting the government to do more is a widely held opinion , particularly among non-voters ( click for clearer pic ) :
The lesson : voters turned out for Brown ( who ran a good campaign ) , and the tepid support for Dem dithering wo n't win elections since those voters will sit on their hands and stay home if there 's nothing offered to them .
They wo n't just vote D because of the brand .
Here 's another example of what the MA voters and non-voters want from Brown :
That does n't look like " I elected you to block the Democratic agenda . "
In fact , only 8 % of Brown voters ( 5 % of total voters ) voiced blocking this bill as an " extremely " or " very " important factor in their vote ( Q 6 ) , whereas there was 18 % voter support and 15 % voter opposition to health reform .
The biggest sticking point was that everyone hated the process ( click for larger pic ) :
No kidding .
So did we .
And how the Joe Liebermans of this world read this as " the public wants more of me " is a question only a politician can answer with a straight face .
Chris Cillizza has an interesting round - up of 5 MA election myths , and I want to highlight myth number 2 : Brown 's victory means health - care legislation is dead .
Cillizza talks about it from the POV of Obama and Dems needing to pass this politically ( which is true ) , but the fact is that that 's also what MA voters want .
And when it comes to bipartisanship , since Republican policies and agendas are not in the least bit popular , the idea that the pressure is only on Democrats to produce is a fabrication of Republican spin doctors .
Browns 's voters want him to work with Democrats in Congress ; the numbers are there plain as day ( 70 - 28 , and an even split amongst Brown voters ) .
Here is supporting info from other polls .
For those who want to look beyond MA , another broader poll question , published by Kaiser yesterday , looks at this :
A new Kaiser Family Foundation poll finds that Americans are divided over congressional health reform proposals , but also that large shares of people , including skeptics , become more supportive after being told about many of the major provisions in the bills .
If you want to look at the straying MA Obama voters only ( the 18 % who voted for Brown , and those who stayed home ) , look here ( R2 K for he Progressive Change Campaign Committee , Democracy for America , and MoveOn.org . ) .
Support amongst these Obama voters for the public option :
82 % of Obama voters who voted for Brown
86 % of Obama voters who stayed home
The Obama for Brown voters appear to be independents ( 85 % . )
The Obama stay at home voters appear to be Democrats ( 89 % . )
Any question that Dems did not turn out ?
So when you hear about what the MA voters really wanted , and especially when you are told about what agenda the public wants , dig in to the numbers and see for yourselves .
According to the polls , the vote is Cooperate in Congress ( and clean up the process ) 1 , Senatorial dithering ( and business as usual ) 0 .
Any incumbent who does n't pay attention now has only themselves to blame , and may as well start writing their memoirs .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Google has about 700 staff in its China offices
The cyber - attack that made Google consider pulling out of China was run of the mill , say security experts .
Google revealed its move following attempts to hack Gmail accounts of human rights activists .
The search giant said analysis showed that the series of attacks originated from inside China .
" This was n't in my opinion ground - breaking as an attack .
We see this fairly regularly , " said Mikko Hypponen , of security firm F - Secure .
" Most companies just never go public , " he added .
" Human - rights activists are the biggest target , " said Mr Hypponen .
" Everyone from Freedom for Tibet to Falun Gong supporters and those involved in Liberation of Taiwan are hit . "
F- Secure has been monitoring such attacks against Chinese human - rights activists since 2005 .
Google has operated in China since 2006 and has now said it was no longer willing to censor results on its Chinese search engine as the government required .
China has responded to Google and said that foreign firms were welcome to trade in the nation " according to the law " .
The spokesman added that the net was " open " in China .
Other victims
Of the attacks , Google said only two Gmail accounts were accessed and that hackers got very limited information .
This included when the account was set up and the subject line rather than content of e-mail messages .
The company said that the accounts of dozens of US , China and Europe - based users who are advocates of human rights in China had been routinely accessed by third parties .
Google says Gmail accounts of rights activists have been accessed
The cyber - criminals broke in using a tactic known as " phishing " where a legitimate e-mail is sent claiming to come from someone the user knows and trusts .
Typically these e-mail messages have a booby - trapped attachment that , once opened , places malware on a computer .
Once an e-mail account is compromised , attackers can piggyback on it to get access to confidential files and systems throughout an organisation .
" The attacker really did their homework finding out first who to attack , who the key people were in the organisation and how to attack them , " said Mr Hypponen .
Google has said publicly that another 20 companies were hit .
Adobe is the only other company to go public with this information .
But many security experts say the figure is much higher .
" We know of at least 40 companies that were attacked .
For the most part they were in the US , " said Chris Day , chief security architect of IT services firm Terremark .
" This goes on all the time .
Of the Fortune 100 companies , all 100 are under some sort of attack all the time . "
Mr Day told the BBC a host of those targeted were technology and software companies based in Silicon Valley .
Google has revealed that finance , chemical and media firms were hit .
Blame game Questions are now being asked about who orchestrated the attacks .
" We are not saying one way or another these attacks were state sponsored or done with the approval of the state , " said David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer .
" We do know they were highly organised and we believe the attacker came from China . "
Over 20,000 new sources of malware are detected every day
The inference being drawn across the security community is that the Google attack and those on other US companies were sanctioned by government .
" Sources indicate that they believe the attack is the work of actors operating on behalf of or in the direct employ of official intelligence entities of the People 's Republic of China , " said iDefense Labs in an e-mail to the BBC .
IDefense also revealed that this incident resembles one that took place in July 2009 against nearly 100 IT - focused companies .
" A nation state getting into the business of hacking companies is a really big shift , " said Dan Kaminsky , director of penetration testing at security firm IOActive .
" The question now is are we going to see a significant increase or decrease in these kinds of attacks ? "
Safe and secure Google has stressed that users have nothing to fear about the security of the information it holds .
President Obama has said cybersecurity is one of his main concerns " The fact that they have come out and are transparent about what has happened is good for user trust , " said Terremark 's Mr Day .
" I have seen far worse things happen and I think larger organisations , and even individuals , should take this as an object lesson that no - one is immune to these attacks . "
General security advice for all users is to have a strong password that is changed regularly and includes letters , numbers and symbols .
All security patches should be up - to - date and users should never open attachments unless they know the person they are being sent by and are expecting them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Google has said it is defending its online advertising empire with the launch of its own brand mobile phone .
It is the first time Google has designed and sold its own consumer hardware device .
Google said the Nexus
One represented the next frontier in the company 's $ 20 bn ( £ 12.4 bn ) core business - selling advertising through search .
" It 's all about the mobile web , and advertising is their bread and butter , " said analyst Michael Gartenberg .
" It 's the latest salvo from Google on the wireless industry .
The landmark news here is that Google is now a consumer electronics retail company , " added Mr Gartenberg , of Interpret .
The Nexus One means this will be the first time Apple has to be reactive
Robert Scoble
Tech blogger Google , like many in the industry , recognises that more and more people are accessing the web via their mobile phones rather than through their desktop or personal computers .
In the developing world , the majority of users are going online for the first time using a smartphone .
" The new paradigm is mobile computing and mobility , " David B Yoffie , a professor at Harvard Business School , told the New York Times .
" That has the potential to change the economics of the internet business and to redistribute profits yet again . "
Apple ' cool ' fading ?
Google has called the Nexus One a super phone , no doubt to set the device apart from the other players , including the BlackBerry and Apple 's iPhone .
Despite its much anticipated arrival on the scene , many industry watchers do not think the Nexus One is an iPhone killer , though they do believe it will force Apple to step up its game .
NEXUS ONE HANDSET 3.7 inch touchscreen 1GHz snapdragon processor 5 Megapixel camera with LED flash GPS and compass Accelerometer Noise cancellation technology Voice recognition can be used with all applications Light sensor changes screen brightness to conserve power 512MB
Flash memory with SD card slot ( expandable to 32 GB ) " Google is coming at the mobile industry with a lot of horses and I think 2010 is the first time Apple is going to have to chase something , " said technology blogger Robert Scoble of Scoblizer.com .
" For the last three years the iPhone has been way out in front in the mobile space in terms of mindshare .
The Nexus One means this will be the first time Apple has to be reactive , " Mr Scoble told the BBC .
To date , the iPhone has sold about 30 million units and spawned countless imitators , including this new phone .
The technology blog TechCrunch said that the Nexus One looked more like the iPhone than any other phone on the market .
There is no physical keyboard , it has a removable battery , a 5 megapixel camera , touchscreen , and is driven by Google 's Android operating system .
Google says the phone is as thin as a number 2 pencil , at 11.5 mm , and as light as a Swiss army knife keychain at 130g .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The Nexus One is an important milestone in the smartphone market , " said TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington .
" This is a software company frustrated with making compromises with hardware manufacturers , that has taken the product bull by the horns .
When combined with Google Voice , there is no phone on the market today that can touch the Nexus One . "
Google has voice - enabled all text boxes on the device , which means that users can put together an e-mail message or tweet by speaking into the phone rather than typing text on the touch screen .
Pricing models
As well as going into the hardware business , Google is also trying out something different by offering the phone to users without being tied to a contract with a mobile phone operator .
It is offering the Nexus One through its online store at $ 179 ( £ 112 ) if users sign up to a two - year plan with T - Mobile , or $ 529 ( £ 332 ) without a plan .
Google will host a web store that will sell the Nexus One Some believe Google should have been braver with its pricing options and offered a sweetener by subsidising the phone through its advertising revenue .
" It would have been nice to see them roll out something a bit more unique , " Danny Sullivan , editor of SearchEngineLand.com , told BBC News .
" Google has speculated in the past that there one day might be phones that are entirely ad - supported and because Google is this huge ad behemoth , this was a natural opportunity to roll out a phone like that . "
The Nexus One was built by Taiwanese electronics manufacturer HTC .
It joins about 20 other devices that already run on the Android operating system .
At the moment , the Nexus One is only available in the US but will be sold in Europe , Hong Kong and Singapore in the spring through Vodafone .
Google said it hoped to add other devices and carriers for sale in the future .
Crossover Google 's emergence as a retailer is regarded as an escalation in the budding rivalry between Google and Apple .
But it is not all one way .
Ahead of the launch of the Nexus One , Apple announced a deal to buy mobile advertising service Quattro Wireless .
It is seen as an effort to counter Google 's planned $ 750 million acquisition of rival AdMob .
" If there is any doubt that 2010 is the year of Mobile Advertising , Apple just cleared up any speculation , " said Paran Johar , chief marketing officer of competing mobile ad network Jumptap .
" For pessimists who thought the Google acquisition of Admob was a fluke , this reinforces that mobile advertising is here to stay , " he said .
" Handset manufacturers , software providers , infrastructure vendors , and carriers are all looking to connect the dots and carve out a share of what will be the primary access point of the Internet in five years . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The most interesting events at Davos are those from which hacks like me are excluded .
They are the private meetings of business leaders and politicians , where matters of material interest to them are discussed , away from the nosey parkers of the media .
The meeting that always grips me - which I wrote about last year - is the gathering of senior bankers , insurers , hedge fund magnates and so on .
It goes by the name of the " governors " meeting , or some such .
Attendees include Stephen Green , chairman of HSBC , Bob Diamond of Barclays , Joseph Ackermann , chairman of Deutsche Bank , Peter Sands , chief executive of Standard Chartered , Lord Levene , chairman of Lloyd's of London , Tidjane Thiam , chief executive of the Pru , and assorted other big financial cheeses .
Anyway , as luck would have it , a few of those who attend have shared with me ( as they did last year ) some of the discourse of those whose business decisions affect most of us .
So in no particular order of importance , this is what they appear to have collectively concluded :
1 ) The global economy remains pretty fragile - and prospects are particularly poor for the heavily indebted economies of the west ( a big hello to the UK and US ) .
They felt there was very little immediate prospect of fast - recovering China and Asia lifting up the mature economies of Europe and North America .
2 ) There is a meaningful risk of sovereign debt crises in economies with large and rising deficits ( you know who I mean - though to be clear , the bankers did not mention the UK by name ) .
3 ) They do not believe that President Obama will succeed in his plan to limit the size of banks or force them out of speculative trading for their own account .
It was the exchanges on bankers ' pay which made me chuckle ( and may cause a more violent reaction in others ) .
Deutsche 's Mr Ackermann asked those present to vote for one of three propositions on what was most likely to transpire over the coming years in respect of how they reward staff .
The choice was between a ) bankers do n't change their ways , the fuss about bonuses dies down and there 's no change to the way they pay their top people ; b ) they take steps to reform their practices and that placates politicians and the public ; c ) they do nothing and politicians force draconian changes to the way they pay .
After much contemplation , there were few votes for proposition a ) , and something of a dead heat between b ) and c ) .
In other words , those who run our banks are divided between whether they 'll voluntarily do what most of you would probably see as " the right thing " on pay or be compelled to do so - with almost no one believing that the status quo is tenable .
But if the status quo is unsustainable , why would they wait to be coerced into reform ?
All a bit odd - and not redolent of an industry in charge of its own destiny .
Also there was an intriguing exchange between two of the most powerful bankers in the world ( whom I wo n't name to spare their blushes ) .
One said there was no evidence that bankers were overpaid , because if that were the case the biggest payers of all would have been damaged as businesses over the years of lavishing excessive rewards on their people .
To which the other supremo made the point - or so I am told - that banks are a regulated oligopoly and are not subject to " proper " competition : they are therefore able to pass on the costs of their people to customers .
In other words , banks are able to pay their people more - or - less what they like , free from the market disciplines that apply to genuinely competitive industries .
If you had asked me yesterday morning if there was any room left to play with the theory that governs the spontaneous emission properties of simple atoms , I would have said no .
But then I encountered a colleague of mine , Willem Vos .
He showed me a picture of an atom , surrounded by 6 blobs of material , and asked me to predict which direction the atom was most likely to spontaneously emit .
Needless to say , I got the answer wrong , and Willem took great pleasure in explaining to me exactly why I was wrong .
Now , I hear the practical among you ask : why should I care which direction atoms will emit ?
The answer lies in photonic crystals — a very popular buzzword in the optics community at the moment .
Photonic crystals are our attempt to overcome the shortcomings of nature .
You see , nature only provides us with materials that have a limited range of optical properties , and those limits restrict the performance of optics and limit the types of optical components that are practical .
Photonic crystals overcome this limitation by structuring materials on the same scale as the wavelength of light .
So , since green light has a wavelength of around 500nm , photonic crystal structures for manipulating green light require physical features around 250 nm or less in size .
For instance , if a red dye is placed in a photonic crystal that simply does n't allow red light to propagate through it — the crystal acts as a mirror for red light — the dye is forced to emit green or blue light instead .
This control — either the inhibition or increase in emission at a particular wavelength — is reasonably well understood .
But the question of whether these structures can encourage spontaneous emission in specific directions remained open .
Well , in truth , not totally open .
For instance , if you place an excited atom in the right orientation between two very high reflectivity mirrors , then it is much more likely to emit light that is trapped between the mirrors , rather than at some angle that allows the photon to escape .
This is because the excited atom will always emit into some vacuum state , chosen randomly from among all the locally available states , called the local density of states .
Between two mirrors , there are many more states available ; once the mirrors are reflective enough , there are almost no other states available to emit into .
So , clearly , the structure around the atom changes the emission pattern — although I have n't discussed it above , the orientation of the atom also changes the emission pattern .
But it 's not clear just how much freedom to we have to play with this emission pattern .
To investigate this problem , Vos , Koenderink , and Nikolaev examined how the local density of states was influenced by the local environment and the orientation of the emitter .
Looking at a very general expression for the local density of states — any emitter surrounded by a structure made from materials that meet certain requirements — they realized that there is a certain symmetry in the mathematics .
Consequently , the emission rate in any direction can be described as a weighted sum of just three rates .
Combined with the fact that the emission has to occur in some direction and that the three rates must sum to the total emission rate , and we end up with a very constrained system .
Basically , the average radiation pattern of an emitter has to be described by spheres , ellipsoids , donuts , or peanuts .
Everything else violates the symmetry of the mathematics and physical constraints .
To calculate the emission pattern we need to know three rates ( as well as their direction ) and their relative weights , something that is pretty much impossible to know about any real structure .
However , Vos rescues us from that particular bit of pain by showing a relatively simple way to calculate these weightings for structures .
This procedure makes use of the fact that the functions that create the emission patterns all lie on the surface of a sphere — this is a consequence of requiring that the weighting factors make the probability of emission in some direction exactly one .
Any function that is constrained like this can be described as a small set of simple functions ; in this case , the simple functions are directly related to the three emission rates .
To cap the paper off , there are calculations showing the emission patterns of emitters at different locations within a photonic crystal .
Depending on the location , the emission can be quite highly directional , nearly spherical , or anywhere in between .
One of the things that I often miss when writing for Ars is that I rarely have personal contact with the scientists directly involved in the research .
There are two consequences to this : I have to interpret the results all by myself — with sometimes hilariously bad results .
More importantly , the papers do n't give you a sense of the researcher 's feeling of accomplishment , or even the degree of involvement of the authors .
I can assure you that Vos was very excited about having solved a difficult problem in a very elegant way .
Physical Review A , 2009 , DOI:10.1103/PhysRevA.80.053802
The history of the visual design of user interfaces can be described as a gradual change towards more realism .
As computers have become faster , designers have added increasingly realistic details such as color , 3D effects , shadows , translucency , and even simple physics .
Some of these changes have helped usability .
Shadows behind windows help us see which window is active .
The physicality of the iPhone ’s user interface makes the device more natural to use .
In other areas , the improvements are questionable at best .
Graphical user interfaces are typically full of symbols .
Most graphical elements you see on your screen are meant to stand for ideas or concepts .
The little house on your desktop is n’t a little house , it ’s « home » .
The eye is n’t an actual eye , it means « look at the selected element » .
The cog is n’t a cog , it means « click me to see available commands » .
You are typically not trying to replicate physical objects , you are trying to communicate concepts .
Details and realism can distract from these concepts .
To explain this , I ’ll take a page from Scott McCloud ’s « Understanding Comics » , a book which should be required reading for all designers .
The image on the left is a face of a specific person .
The image on the right is the concept « face » ; it could be any person .
When designing user interfaces , we rarely ever want to show a specific entity ; typically , we want to convey an idea or a concept .
Details can easily distract from that idea or concept .
At the same time , it ’s obvious that some details are required .
Too few details , and the user wo n’t recognize the idea at all .
The circle on the left clearly shows a face .
The circle on the right is n’t recognizable as a face anymore .
Let ’s look at a symbol we actually see in user interfaces , the home button .
Typically , this button uses a little house as its symbol .
The thing on the left is a house .
The thing on the right means « home » .
Somewhere between the two , the meaning switches from « a specific house » to « home as a concept » .
The more realistic something is , the harder it is to figure out the meaning .
Again , if the image is simplified too much , it ’s not clearly and immediately recognizable anymore .
The thing on the left is a home button .
The thing on the right might as well be an arrow pointing up ; or perhaps it ’s the ⇧ key .
Let me explain this concept using an entirely unscientific graph :
People are confused by symbols if they have too many or too few details .
They will recognize UI elements which are somewhere in the middle .
The trick is to figure out which details help users identify the UI element , and which details distract from its intended meaning .
Some details help users figure out what they ’re looking at and how they can interact with it ; other details distract from the idea you ’re trying to convey .
They turn your interface element from a concept into a specific thing .
Thus , if an interface element is too distinct from its real - life counterpart , it becomes too hard to recognize .
On the other hand , if it is too realistic , people are unable to figure out that you ’re trying to communicate an idea , and what idea that might be .
The button on the left is too realistic .
The button on the right does not have enough details to be immediately recognizable as a button .
The same applies to these toggles .
Shadows and gradients help the user figure out what he ’s looking at and how to interact with it .
Adding too many details , however , ends up being confusing .
The toggle switch is no longer just a toggle switch that is part of a user interface , it is clearly recognizable as a photograph of a specific toggle switch ; it loses its meaning .
It ’s no longer a symbol , it has become a specific thing .
An Exception
There is at least one specific area where more details are good : Application icons .
You want your icon to depict one specific idea : Your application .
Coda ’s leaf is n’t a representation of the idea of a leaf ; it ’s a very specific leaf , the Coda leaf .
Acorn ’s acorn is n’t just any acorn , it ’s the Acorn .
Adding details moves these images from a generic concept towards a specific entity , and in the case of an application icon , this is exactly what you want .
Conclusion
Graphical user interfaces are full of symbols .
Symbols need to be reduced to their essence .
This helps avoid cluttering the user interface with meaningless distractions , and makes it easier for people to « read » the symbol and figure out the meaning of an interface element .
Realistic details can get in the way of what you ’re trying to communicate to your users .
Unless you are creating a virtual version of an actual physical object , the goal is not to make your user interface as realistic as possible .
The goal is to add those details which help users identify what an element is , and how to interact with it , and to add no more than those details .
UI elements are abstractions which convey concepts and ideas ; they should retain only those details that are relevant to their purpose .
UI elements are almost never representations of real things .
Adding too much realism can cause confusion .
Thanks to Max Steenbergen and Cameron Kenley Hunt for helping me form a coherent opinion on this topic .
The second house icon is from Dellustrations ’s icon set « Dellipack » .
A translation of this article to hebrew can be found here .
A translation to Belorussian is provided by ucallweconn .
Many websites give advice on how to find an empty property and take residence
But the gang of tattooed squatters who had taken up residence within had other ideas .
The Listers had fallen victim to the resurgence of organised squatting sweeping the UK .
The case this week of a family whose North London home was taken over by two Romanian families is the tip of the iceberg .
There are dozens of internet websites advising would - be squatters on how to avoid eviction and defy the law .
Angela Lister , 49 , of Thames Ditton , Surrey , says : “ We were absolutely seething .
My husband Archie had tried to get into the house with a builder and the squatters called the police .
Archie was escorted off the premises by the police and by a jeering group of squatters . ”
The police response shocked the Listers .
Angela , a mother of four , continues :
“ When I first rang to say squatters had taken over the property we were about to renovate we were told there was nothing they could do .
I was amazed .
These squatters had broken into our house , changed the locks and were in the process of stripping out anything of value , from the boiler down to copper piping .
“ They even had the gall to demand £ 3,000 from us in order that they would move out without any fuss .
“ I naively thought that the squatters must have broken the law several times over .
In fact , as there was no witness to the breaking and entering the police said they could n’t act and we also had no witnesses to prove they had demanded money from us .
Many solicitors then said they could n’t help as the law in this area is such a minefield .
It was an absolute nightmare . ”
David Foster , a partner and head of dispute resolution at law firm Barlow Robbins and an expert in this field says : “ People talk about ‘ squatters ’ rights ’ but they do not have any .
If you are occupying property belongingto someone else then what you are doing is unlawful .
“ But squatting – unless the police can prove breaking and entering or criminal damage , which is trespass – is against civil law , not criminal law .
It is then up to the homeowner to evict you and this can only be done via an order of possession granted in a county court hearing before a judge . ”
This means the squatter can sit tight while the owner has to go to court to obtain an eviction notice then wait for bailiffs to go in .
Usually squatters will not turn up to the hearing so the notice has to be served on them .
The chance of getting costs from the squatters is virtually nil and they are adept at delaying tactics .
Angela and Archie Lister bought their property in Surbiton in July , 2007 .
It had been divided into 10 bedsits so required extensive renovation to turn it into a family home .
Angela says : “ One morning my husband found his key would n’t fit in the front door lock .
There was a moment of incomprehension then he realised what had happened .
He was so angry he kicked the door . ”
Squatters had set up a rudimentary camp with sleeping bags and gas stoves .
Angela says : “ I have as much sympathy as the next person for the homeless but this was organised . ”
The Listers eventually obtained a county court hearing after hiring a lawyer .
Eviction notices were stuck in the front garden and copies put under the front door .
Yet the squatters coolly told them : “ We like this place , we
think we will stay for the summer . ”
Only after the Listers proved that the house was being stripped of fixtures and fittings did they obtain an emergency eviction notice .
Angela explains : “ We had been told getting bailiffs could take anything up to three months so I suppose we were lucky in that the squatters were in and out within a month . ”
Many squatters call themselves “ artists ” .
One group took over a £ 6 million house in Mayfair , called themselves
The T e m p o r a r y School of Thought , set up a website and ran workshops .
Other websites tell would - be squatters to change the locks immediately , apply legitimately for services such as electricity , make sure the property is unoccupied either temporarily or permanently by looking up Land
Following the hearing , defending barrister David Potter said that the prosecution now accepted that any reasonable person viewing the video would not consider it to be real and that it was produced for the purposes of a joke .
2009 represents a double - dip of Charles Darwin milestones .
A plethora of Darwin stories in the press have marked his 200th birthday .
And today , as 80 beats has already noted , is the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species , an occasion that sparked another round of Darwin fever .
TIME , however , observed the day by posting a Q&A with British author Dennis Sewell , who is selling a book on " how often — and how easily — Darwin 's big idea has been harnessed for sinister political ends . "
Sewell is n't an evolution denier , but rather among the crowd crowing that Darwin was a racist and responsible for inspiring eugenics .
Sigh .
While it 's probably true that Darwin was influenced by the racial attitudes of his time and place — Victorian England–DISCOVER has covered the other side of that coin : that the scientist was an abolitionist and rather progressive for his day .
Even Ray Comfort , in his rambling , Darwin - bashing introduction to a " new edition " of Origin that creationists passed around college campuses recently , concedes : " However , after much research , I do concede that you wo n't find anything in Darwin 's writings that would indicate that he in any way felt blacks were to be treated as inferior or that his views of them were due to their skin color . "
Even if the opposite were true , and Darwin the man was actually a howling racist , Darwin 's theory of evolution would still smash the fallacy that different races belong to different species .
Still , Sewell claims that eugenics is Darwin 's fault because he supposedly believed that the poor were " genetically second - rate . "
School shootings , he asserts , are Darwin 's fault because his theory means that human life has no more value than animal life and killers like the Columbine High School shooters latched onto this idea .
But blaming Darwin for the fact that dictators twisted his ideas and teenage murderers used those twisted ideas to shoot their classmates a century and a half later is ridiculous at best .
Sewell , asked about Darwin 's status as a scientific luminary , concludes with this gem :
What has the theory of evolution done for the practical benefit of humanity ?
It 's helped our understanding of ourselves , yet compared to , say , the discovery of penicillin or the invention of the World Wide Web , I wonder why Darwin occupies this position at the pinnacle of esteem .
I can only imagine he has been put there by a vast public relations exercise .
Never mind that Sewell gives himself away as a conspiracy theorist with that last bit .
Darwin was n't perfect — DISCOVER noted one of his great scientific blunders
in the November issue .
But , as writer Bruno Maddox says , in focusing on the man " we have detracted from the sheer , forehead - slapping obviousness of Darwinism the idea . "
TIME 's Q&A is a good example of just that :
While Sewell does n't deny the truth of natural selection , his focus on Darwin the man allows him to make misleading statements about Darwin 's ideas .
And , as DISCOVER blogger Carl Zimmer
wrote for TIME
back in February , is n't not like the science of natural selection stopped in its tracks when Darwin published his most famous book .
Researchers have spent the last 150 years refining Darwin 's big idea and fixing its errors , unraveling the history of life itself in the process .
Thanks to their work we know , for example , that the penicillin Sewell touts as the pinnacle of practicality is less effective
that it used to be because microorganisms evolve through natural selection .
Anyway , if learning the true history of our species is n't " practical " enough for Sewell , well , tough .
Buy an iPhone .
Related Content : The Intersection : Ray Comfort's Anti-Darwinian Travesty
Discoblog : Growing Pains Star Wages War on Darwin , Vandalizes Books
80 beats : Darwin Goes Digital for 150th Anniversary of " On the Origin of Species "
DISCOVER : Darwin's Great Blunder — And Why It Was Good for the World
DISCOVER : DISCOVER Does Darwin : Special Section on Evolution
Image : Wiki Commons
Over the last 25 years , various generations of " The Christmas Truck " have brightened the holiday season , figuratively and blindingly literally , for residents of Central Iowa .
Here 's the story of the virgin birth of this brilliant piece of low - tech yuletide celebration .
Advertisement
Like Isaac Newton and gravity , The Christmas Truck was the results of one man 's sudden inspiration .
Kris Marshall was hauling a generator and a few strands of Christmas lights to his church in a $ 50 used truck .
He simply combined the two and The Christmas Truck was born .
It 's amazingly nontechnical , it 's literally just lights taped to a truck .
According to Marshall " It 's not very scientific , it 's a hideous site in the daylight , there 's black tape and wires in the daytime . "
But at night it 's amazing .
Marshall has used eight trucks and added dozens of strand since , though it 's always a 2WD Chevy / GMC with a regular cab and eight - foot truck bed " the way a truck ought to look . "
Advertisement
By his own estimate there are 50 - to - 70 strings with a mixture of 50 and 100 lights each , making a conservative estimate of 3,000 lights .
There are no LEDs , just the cheap $ 0.89 strings , though he'd like to add some to take pressure off the taxed generator .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's a hit around Dallas and Polk Counties in Iowa , where Marshall is a GMC truck salesman .
He often pulls hayrides and drives in parades around the holiday seasons .
Unfortunately , not all police officers understand .
" It 's totally illegal and almost all the cops are cool with that .
Almost all ... some of them do n't get it .
Last night I met two cops in four minutes and they just smiled .
I think I 've got most of them trained . "
Advertisement
With the exception of a few tickets for illegal use of lights , the only other downside to The Christmas Truck is when one of his sons decides to use it for a date .
" If you 're picking up your girlfriend in the Christmas truck and she 's not expecting the Christmas Truck that can be a dealbreaker . "
Advertisement
We salute Kris Marshall for a display of holiday exuberance high on awesome but appropriately low on ingenuity for someone who thinks a working heater in a truck is " a luxury . "
FOX News Channel ’s Laura Ingraham interviewed Annie Laurie Gaylor of the Freedom From Religion Foundation .
The topic : FFRF ’s new billboards in Las Vegas .
This was painful to watch .
Ingraham just gets me riled up because all she ’s doing is trying to provoke Annie Laurie .
She ’s obnoxious , rude , and clueless .
Annie Laurie was calm and collected throughout … but almost to the point of being timid .
There were times I wanted her to just scream back at Ingraham … but she stayed completely relaxed .
It ’s probably for the best — there ’s no way she could ’ve “ won ” the debate and trying to use Ingraham ’s snark back at her would likely have backfired .
Your thoughts ?
An extremely gorgeous girl who is always there when you need her .
A great friend who anybody would die for , if your friends with a Coco you ’ve found a friend for life .
She has all of the boys falling for her with her beautiful apperence .
Tomgram : The Year of the Assassin
[ Note for TomDispatch Readers :
We ’re back for 2010 !
Many thanks to those of you who ended the year with a contribution to the site -- or purchased something off one of our Amazon links .
Your generosity was startling and will help make this year a good and , I hope , expansive one for us .
One small note about last year .
In his final Bill Moyers Journal of 2009 , Moyers offered his favorite book of the year : “ There 's one book in particular I would put in everybody 's stocking if I could .
It 's not new -- it was actually published three years ago .
But I read it again this month , and found its message more relevant than ever . ”
It was Chalmers Johnson ’s Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic , and since Johnson has been such a mainstay of this site and it ’s a book we ’ve long recommended , we , at TomDispatch , took pride in the moment and did n’t want to let it pass without mention .
Tom ]
An American World of War
What to Watch for in 2010
By Tom Engelhardt and Nick Turse
According to the Chinese calendar , 2010 is the Year of the Tiger .
We do n’t name our years , but if we did , this one might prospectively be called the Year of the Assassin .
We , of course , think of ourselves as something like the peaceable kingdom .
After all , the shock of September 11 , 2001 was that “ war ” came to “ the homeland , ” a mighty blow delivered against the very symbols of our economic , military , and -- had Flight 93 not gone down in a field in Pennsylvania -- political power .
Since that day , however , war has been a stranger in our land .
With the rarest of exceptions , like Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan ’s massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , this country has remained a world without war or any kind of mobilization for war .
No other major terrorist attacks , not even victory gardens , scrap - metal collecting , or rationing .
And certainly no war tax to pay for our post - 9/11 trillion - dollar “ expeditionary forces ” sent into battle abroad .
Had we the foresight to name them , the last few years domestically might have reflected a different kind of carnage -- 2006 , the Year of the Subprime Mortgage ; 2007 , the Year of the Bonus ; 2008 , the Year of the Meltdown ; 2009 , the Year of the Bailout .
And perhaps some would want to label 2010 , prematurely or not , the Year of Recovery .
Although our country delivers war regularly to distant lands in the name of our “ safety , ” we do n’t really consider ourselves at war ( despite the endless talk of “ supporting our troops ” ) , and the money that has simply poured into Pentagon coffers , and then into weaponry and conflicts is , with rare exceptions , never linked to economic distress in this country .
And yet , if we are no nation of warriors , from the point of view of the rest of the world we are certainly the planet ’s foremost war - makers .
If money talks , then war may be what we care most about as a society and fund above all else , with the least possible discussion or debate .
In fact , according to military expert William Hartung , the Pentagon budget has risen in every year of the new century , an unprecedented run in our history .
We dominate the global arms trade , monopolizing almost 70 % of the arms business in 2008 , with Italy coming in a vanishingly distant second .
We put more money into the funding of war , our armed forces , and the weaponry of war than the next 25 countries combined ( and that ’s without even including Iraq and Afghan war costs ) .
We garrison the planet in a way no empire or nation in history has ever done .
And we plan for the future , for “ the next war ” -- on the ground , on the seas , and in space -- in a way that is surely unique .
If our two major wars of the twenty - first century in Iraq and Afghanistan are any measure , we also get less bang for our buck than any nation in recent history .
So , let ’s pause a moment as the New Year begins and take stock of ourselves as what we truly are : the preeminent war - making machine on planet Earth .
Let ’s peer into the future , and consider just what the American way of war might have in store for us in 2010 .
Here are 10 questions , the answers to which might offer reasonable hints as to just how much U.S. war efforts are likely to intensify in the Greater Middle East , as well as Central and South Asia , in the year to come .
1 . How busted will the largest defense budget in history be in 2010 ?
Strange , is n’t it , that the debate about hundreds of billions of dollars in health - care costs in Congress can last almost a year , filled with turmoil and daily headlines , while a $ 636 billion defense budget can pass in a few days , as it did in late December , essentially without discussion and with nary a headline in sight ?
And in case you think that $ 636 billion is an honest figure , think again -- and not just because funding for the U.S. nuclear arsenal and actual “ homeland defense , ” among other things most countries would chalk up as military costs , was n’t included .
If you want to put a finger to the winds of war in 2010 , keep your eye on something else not included in that budget : the Obama administration ’s upcoming supplemental funding request for the Afghan surge .
In his West Point speech announcing his surge decision , the president spoke of sending 30,000 new troops to Afghanistan in 2010 at a cost of $ 30 billion .
In news reports , that figure quickly morphed into “ $ 30 - $ 40 billion , ” none of it in the just - passed Pentagon budget .
To fund his widening war , sometime in the first months of the New Year , the president will have to submit a supplemental budget to Congress -- something the Bush administration did repeatedly to pay for George W. ’s wars , and something this president , while still a candidate , swore he would n’t do .
Nonetheless , it will happen .
So keep your eye on that $ 30 billion figure .
Even that distinctly low - ball number is going to cause discomfort and opposition in the president ’s party -- and yet there ’s no way it will fully fund this year ’s striking escalation of the war .
The question is :
How high will it go or , if the president does n’t dare ask this Congress for more all at once , how will the extra funds be found ?
Keep your eye out , then , for hints of future supplemental budgets , because fighting the Afghan War ( forget Iraq ) over the next decade could prove a near trillion - dollar prospect .
Neither battles won nor al - Qaeda and Taliban commanders killed will be the true measure of victory or defeat in the Afghan War .
For Americans at home , even victory as modestly defined by this administration -- blunting the Taliban ’s version of a surge -- could prove disastrous in terms of our financial capabilities .
Guns and butter ?
That ’s going to be a surefire no - go .
So keep watching and asking : How busted could the U.S. be by 2011 ?
2. Will the U.S. Air Force be the final piece in the Afghan surge ?
As 2010 begins , almost everything is in surge mode in Afghanistan , including rising numbers of U.S. troops , private contractors , State Department employees , and new bases .
In this period , only the U.S. Air Force ( drones excepted ) has stood down .
Under orders from Afghan War commander General Stanley McChrystal , based on the new make - nice counterinsurgency strategy he ’s implementing , air power is anything but surging .
The use of the Air Force , even in close support of U.S. troops in situations in which Afghan civilians are anywhere nearby , has been severely restricted .
There has already been grumbling about this in and around the military .
If things do n’t go well -- and quickly -- in the expanding war , expect frustration to grow and the pressure to rise to bring air power to bear .
Already unnamed intelligence officials are leaking warnings that , with the Taliban insurgency expanding its reach , “ time is running out . ”
Counterinsurgency strategies are notorious for how long they take to bear fruit ( if they do at all ) .
When Americans are dying , maintaining a surge without a surge of air power is sure to be a test of will and patience ( neither of which is an American strong suit ) .
So keep your eye on the Air Force next year .
If the planes start to fly more regularly and destructively , you ’ll know that things are n’t looking up for General McChrystal and his campaign .
3 . How big will the American presence in Pakistan be as 2010 ends ?
Let ’s start with the fact that it ’s already bigger than most of us imagine .
Thanks to Nation magazine reporter Jeremy Scahill , we know that , from a base in Pakistan ’s largest city , Karachi , officers of the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command , with the help of hired hands from the notorious private security contractor Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) , “ plan targeted assassinations of suspected Taliban and Al Qaeda operatives , ‘ snatch and grabs ’ of high - value targets and other sensitive action inside and outside Pakistan . ”
Small numbers of U.S. Special Forces operatives have also reportedly been sent in to train Pakistan ’s special forces .
U.S. spies are in the country .
U.S. missile - and bomb - armed drones , both CIA - and Air Force - controlled , have been conducting escalating operations in the country ’s tribal borderlands .
U.S. Special Operations forces have conducted at least four cross - border raids into Pakistan ’s tribal borderlands unsanctioned by the Pakistani government or military ( only one of which was publicly reported in this country ) .
And the CIA and the State Department have been attempting ( against some Pakistani resistance ) to build up their personnel and facilities in - country .
This , mind you , is only what we know in a situation in which secrecy is the order of the day and rumors fly .
In the meantime , the Obama administration has been threatening to widen its drone war ( and possibly other operations ) to the powder - keg province of Baluchistan , where most of the Afghan Taliban ’s leadership reportedly resides ( evidently under Pakistani protection ) and to the fighters of the Haqqani network , linked to both the Taliban and al - Qaeda , in the Pakistani border province of North Waziristan .
Right now , these threats from Washington are clearly meant to motivate the Pakistani military to do the job instead .
But as that is unlikely -- both groups are seen by its military as key players in the country ’s future anti-Indian policies in Afghanistan -- they may not remain mere threats for long .
Any such U.S. moves are only likely to widen the Af - Pak war and further destabilize nuclear - armed Pakistan .
In addition , the Pakistani military is not powerless vis-à - vis the U.S.
For one thing , as Robert Dreyfuss of the Nation ’s “ Dreyfuss Report ” recently pointed out , it has a potential stranglehold on the tortuous U.S. supply lines into Afghanistan , already under attack by Taliban militants , that make the war there possible .
Pakistan is the Catch - 22 of Obama ’s surge .
As in the Vietnam War years , sanctuaries across the border ensure limited success in any escalating war effort , but going after those sanctuaries in a major way would be a war - widening move of genuine desperation .
As with the Air Force in Afghanistan , watch Pakistan not just for spreading drone operations , but for the use of U.S. troops .
If by year ’s end Special Operations forces or U.S. troops are periodically on the ground in that country , do n’t be shocked .
However it may be explained , this will represent a dangerous failure of the first order .
4 . How much smaller will the American presence in Iraq be ?
Barack Obama swept into office , in part , on a pledge to end the U.S. war in Iraq .
Almost a year after he entered the White House , more than 100,000 U.S. troops are still deployed in that country ( about the same number as in February 2004 ) .
Still , plans developed at the end of the Bush presidency , and later confirmed by President Obama , have set the U.S. on an apparent path of withdrawal .
On this the president has been unambiguous .
“ Let me say this as plainly as I can , ” he told a military audience in February 2009 .
“ By August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end ... I intend to remove all U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of 2011 . ”
However , Robert Gates , his secretary of defense , has not been so unequivocal .
While recently visiting Iraq , he disclosed that the U.S. Air Force would likely continue to operate in that country well into the future .
He also said : “ I would n't be a bit surprised to see agreements between ourselves and the Iraqis that continues a train , equip , and advise role beyond the end of 2011 . ”
For 2010 , expect platitudes about withdrawal from the President and other administration spokespeople , while Defense Department officials and military commanders offer more “ pragmatic ” ( and realistic ) assessments .
Keep an eye out for signs this year of a coming non-withdrawal withdrawal in 2011 .
5 . What will the New Year mean for the Pentagon 's base - building plans in our war zones ?
As the U.S. war in Afghanistan ramps up , look for American bases there to continue along last year ’s path , becoming bigger , harder , more numerous , and more permanent - looking .
As estimates of the time it will take to get the president ’s extra boots on the ground in Afghanistan increase , look as well for the construction of more helipads , fuel pits , taxiways , and tarmac space on the forward operating bases sprouting especially across the southern parts of that country .
These will be meant to speed the movement of surge troops into rural battle zones , while eschewing increasingly dangerous ground routes .
In Iraq , expect the further consolidation of a small number of U.S. mega-bases as American troops pull back to ever fewer sites offering an ever lower profile in that country .
Keep your eyes , in particular , on giant Balad Air Base and on Camp Victory outside Baghdad .
These were built for the long term .
If Washington does n’t begin preparing to turn them over to the Iraqis , then start thinking 2012 and beyond .
Elsewhere in the Persian Gulf region , look for the U.S. military to continue upgrading its many bases , while militarily working to strengthen the security forces of country after autocratic country , from Saudi Arabia to Qatar , in part to continue to rattle Iran ’s cage .
If those bases keep growing , do n’t imagine us drawing down in the region any time soon .
6 . Will the U.S. and Israel thwart the Iranian insurgency ?
Iran has long been under siege .
A founding member of George W. Bush ’s “ Axis of Evil , ” the Islamic Republic was long on his administration ’s hit list .
It also found itself in the unenviable position of watching the American military occupy and garrison two bordering countries , Iraq and Afghanistan , while also building or bolstering bases in nearby Qatar , Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , and the United Arab Emirates .
The Obama administration is now poised to increase key military aid to Iran ’s nemesis , Israel , and the Pentagon has flooded allied regimes in the region with advanced weaponry .
Years of saber - rattling and sanctions , encirclement and threats nonetheless seemed to have little palpable effect .
In 2009 , however , a disputed election brought Iranians into the streets and , months later , they ’re still there .
What foreign militarism could n’t do , ordinary Iranians themselves now threaten to accomplish .
In earlier street protests , young middle - class activists in Tehran chanting “ Where is our vote ? " were beaten and martyred by security forces .
Today , the protests continue and oppositional Iranians from all social strata are refusing to retreat while , when provoked , sometimes fighting back against the police or the regime ’s fearsome Basiji militia , even inducing some of them to step aside or switch sides .
A continuing cycle of ever - spreading arrests , protests , and violence in 2010 threatens to further destabilize the regime .
How Washington reacts could , however , deeply affect what happens .
The memory of the CIA ’s toppling of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh in 1953 is still alive in Iran .
Any perceived U.S. interference could have grave results for the Iranian insurgency , as could Israeli actions .
Recently , President Obama , evidently trying to bring the Chinese into line on the question of imposing fiercer sanctions , reportedly told China ’s president that the United States could not restrain Israel from attacking Iran ’s nuclear facilities much longer .
Such an Israeli attack would certainly strengthen the current Iranian regime ; so , undoubtedly , would pressure to increase potentially crippling sanctions on that country over its nuclear program .
Either or both would help further cement the current tumultuous status quo in the Middle East .
7. Will Yemen become the fourth major front in Washington ’s global war ?
George W. Bush unabashedly proclaimed himself a “ war president . ” President Obama seems to be taking up the same mantle .
Right now , the Obama administration ’s war fronts include the inherited wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a not - so - covert war in Pakistan , and a potential new war in Yemen .
( There are also rarely commented upon ongoing military actions in the Philippines and a U.S. - aided drug war in Colombia , as well as periodic strikes in Somalia . )
Though the surge in Afghanistan and Pakistan was supposed to contain al - Qaeda there , the U.S. now finds itself focusing on yet another country and another of that organization ’s morphing offspring .
In 2002 , a USA Today article about a targeted assassination in Yemen began : “ Opening up a visible new front in the war on terror , U.S. forces launched a pinpoint missile strike in Yemen ... ”
Just over seven years later , following multiple U.S. cruise missiles launched into the country and targeted air strikes by the air force of the U.S. - aided Yemeni regime against “ suspected hide - outs of Al Qaeda , ” the New York Times announced , “ In the midst of two unfinished major wars , the United States has quietly opened a third , largely covert front against Al Qaeda in Yemen . ”
In the wake of a botched airplane terror attack by a single young Nigerian Muslim , and credit - taking by a group calling itself al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the usual cheery crew of U.S. war advocates are lining up behind the next potential front in the war on terror .
( Senator Joseph Lieberman : " Iraq was yesterday 's war .
Afghanistan is today 's war .
If we do n't act preemptively , Yemen will be tomorrow 's war . " )
What began as a one - off Bush assassination effort now threatens to become another of Obama ’s wars .
The U.S. has not only sent Special Forces teams into the country , but is now pouring tens of millions of dollars into Yemen ’s security forces in a dramatic move to significantly arm yet another Middle Eastern country .
At the same time , U.S. - backed Saudi Arabia -- whose alliance with Washington ignited the current war with al - Qaeda -- is aiding the Yemeni forces in a war against Houthi rebels there .
This is a witch ’s brew of trouble .
Keep your eye on Yemen ( with an occasional side glance at Somalia , the failed state across the Gulf of Aden ) .
Expect more funding , more trainers , more proxy warfare , and possibly a whole new conflict for 2010 .
8 . How brutal will the American way of war be in 2010 ?
When it comes to war , American - style , the key word of 2009 was “ counterinsurgency ” or COIN .
Think of it as the kindly version of war the American way , a strategy based on “ clearing and holding ” territory and “ protecting ” the civilian population .
Its value , as expounded by Afghan War commander McChrystal , lies not in killing the enemy but in winning over “ the people . ”
On paper , it sounds good , like a kinder , gentler version of war , but historically counterinsurgency operations have almost invariably gone into the ditch of brutality .
So here ’s one word you should keep your eyes out for in 2010 : “ counterterrorism . ”
Consider it the dark underside of counterinsurgency .
Instead of boots on the ground , it ’s bullets to the head .
General McChrystal was , until recently , a counterterrorism guy .
He ran the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) in Iraq and Afghanistan .
His operatives were referred to , more or less politely , as “ manhunters . ”
Think : assassins .
With McChrystal , a general who credits his large - scale assassination program for a great deal of the Iraq surge ’s success in 2007 , it was just a matter of time before counterterrorism -- which is just terrorism put in uniform and given an anodyne name -- was ramped up in Afghanistan ( and undoubtedly Pakistan as well ) .
Though the planes may still be grounded , the special ops guys who kick in doors in the middle of the night and have often been responsible for grievous civilian casualties will evidently be going at it full tilt .
As 2009 ended , the news that black - ops forces were being loosed in a significant way was just hitting the press .
So watch for that word “ counterterrorism . ”
If it proliferates , you ’ll know that the expanding Afghan War is getting down and dirty in a big way .
For Americans , 2010 could be the year of the assassin .
9 . Where will the drones go in 2010 ?
If there ’s one thing to keep your eye on in the coming year , it might be the unmanned aerial vehicles -- drones -- flown secretly , in the case of the Air Force , from distant al - Udeid Air Base in Qatar and , in the case of the CIA , even more distantly out of Langley , Virginia .
American drones are already in a widening air war in the Pakistani tribal borderlands , while Washington threatens to create an even wider one .
Think of these robotic planes as the leading edge of global war , American - style .
While “ hot pursuit ” into Pakistan may still be forbidden to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , the drones have long had a kind of hot - pursuit carte blanche in Pakistan ’s tribal borderlands .
Perhaps more important , they can , to steal a Star Trek line , boldly go where no man has gone before .
Since the first drone assassination attack of the Global War on Terror -- in Yemen in 2002 -- in which several men , reputedly al - Qaeda militants , were incinerated inside a car , drones have been taking war into new territory .
They have already struck in Iraq , Pakistan , Afghanistan , and possibly Somalia .
As the first robot terminators of our age , they symbolize the loosing of American war - making powers from the oversight of Congress and the American people .
In principle , they have made borders ( hence national sovereignty ) increasingly insignificant as assassination attacks can be launched 24/7 against those we deem our enemies , on the basis of unknown intelligence or evidence .
With our drones , there is little price to be paid if , as has regularly enough been the case , those enemies turn out not to be in the right place at the right time and others die in their stead .
Globally , we have become the world ’s leading state assassins -- a judge , jury , and executioner beyond the bounds of all accountability .
In essence , those pilot - less planes turn us into a law of war unto ourselves .
It ’s a chilling development .
Watch for it to spread in 2010 , and keep an eye out for which countries , fielding their own drones , follow down the path we ’re pioneering , for in our age all war - making developments invariably proliferate -- and fast .
The Element of Surprise
We know one thing : 2010 will be another year of war for the United States and , from assassination campaigns to new fronts in what is no longer called the Global War on Terror but is no less global or based on terror , it could get a lot uglier .
The Obama administration may , from time to time , talk withdrawal , but across the Middle East and Central Asia , the Pentagon and its contractors are digging in .
In the meantime , more money , not less , is being put into preparations and planning for future wars .
As William Hartung points out , “ if the government ’s current plans are carried out , there will be yearly increases in military spending for at least another decade . ”
When it comes to war , the only questions are : How wide ?
How much ?
Not : How long ?
Washington ’s answer to that question has already been given , not in public pronouncements , but in that Pentagon budget and the planning that goes with it : forever and a day .
Of course , only diamonds are forever .
Sooner or later , like great imperial powers of the past , we , too , will find that the stress of fighting a continuous string of wars in distant lands in inhospitable climes tells on us .
Whether we “ win ” or not in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and now Yemen , we lose .
Which brings us to our last question :
10 .
What will surprise us in 2010 ?
It would be the height of hubris to imagine that we can truly see into the future , especially when it comes to war .
It is , in fact , Washington ’s hubris to believe itself in control of its own war - making destiny , whether via shock - and - awe tactics that are certain to work , a netcentric military - lite that can’t fail , or most recently , a force dedicated to a “ hearts and minds ” counterinsurgency war in Afghanistan and , in the future , globally ( under the ominous new acronym GCOIN ) .
The essence of war is surprise .
So , despite all those billions of dollars and the high - tech weaponry , and the nine areas discussed above , keep your eyes open for the unexpected and confounding , and in the meantime , welcome to the grim spectacle of war American - style as the second decade of the twenty - first century begins in turmoil .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
Nick Turse is the associate editor of TomDispatch.com and the winner of a 2009 Ridenhour Prize for Reportorial Distinction as well as a James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism .
His work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times , the Nation , In These Times , and regularly at TomDispatch .
Turse is currently a fellow at New York University 's Center for the United States and the Cold War .
He is the author of The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives ( Metropolitan Books ) .
His website is NickTurse.com .
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt and Nick Turse
An aerial view of Oklahoma Spaceport , including its distinctive long runway .
( credit : OSIDA ) Little spaceport on the prairie
To the typical driver , it ’s a sign that , if noticed , is bound to generate some curiosity , or at least some befuddlement .
For those truckers and tourists headed west on Interstate 40 in western Oklahoma , bound for Amarillo , Albuquerque , and points beyond , they ’ll find the sign shortly before the exit for Highway 44 and the small town of Burns Flat : “ Exit 53 : Oklahoma Spaceport ” .
A spaceport ?
In Oklahoma ?
Well , sort of .
There is no launch activity today at the former Clinton - Sherman Air Force Base that serves as the site of the spaceport , and it may be two or three years at the earliest before spacecraft use the spaceport .
However , much of the infrastructure needed for a spaceport , including one of the longest runways in the country as well as assorted ground facilities , is in place .
Moreover , there is strong support by the state government , which has been the driving force behind efforts to convert the old air base into a spaceport .
The question remains , though , just how much business any spaceport there could attract .
A visit to Burns Flat
These days , the biggest challenge can be actually getting to the spaceport itself .
Despite the prominent sign on the Interstate , there are few directions leading from the exit to the facility .
On a tour of the spaceport organized by the International Space Development Conference ( ISDC ) , held Memorial Day weekend in Oklahoma City , the tour director had to stop for directions in Burns Flat , having failed to see any signs in the town directing people to the spaceport .
These days , the biggest challenge can be actually getting to the spaceport itself .
Once there , the old base is both overwhelming and underwhelming .
It ’s overwhelming in terms of scale : the airport ’s sole runway , aligned north - south , is 4,115 meters long .
Driving along a road paralleling the runway , the sprawling scope of the facility , and its potential as a future spaceport , become clear .
With nothing but the nearby town in view , one can easily imagine a future where spaceplanes take off and land from a bustling facility on the site .
It ’s the present , though , that can be a little underwhelming .
Backers of the spaceport note that there ’s considerable infrastructure currently in place , including an office building / control tower , emergency facilities , a 2,800 - square - meter hangar , and storage bunkers originally designed to house nuclear weapons .
A quick tour of the facility , though , shows that many of the buildings and other facilities at Burns Flat are in various stages of disrepair .
At one end of the long tarmac at the base a portion of an aircraft fuselage , apparently being disassembled for scrap , is visible , listing to one side like a wrecked ship .
Given that the Air Force abandoned the base over three decades ago , the state of the facility is not surprising , but anyone planning to use it realizes that considerable work will be needed to before it can support space flights .
Much of the site ’s history has involved unrealized potential .
The Navy established the first airport there in 1942 to train pilots during World War Two .
( The outlines of the original runways at the site are still visible in overhead photos of the current airport . )
After the war the naval air station was closed and temporarily turned into a civilian airport that was also used to dispose of thousands of surplus aircraft from the war .
In 1954 the military returned , converting the site into an Air Force base and building the long runway to support B - 52 bombers based there .
Clinton - Sherman Air Force Base was closed at the end of 1969 , although the military intermittently uses the airport to this day for training purposes , such as touch - and - go landings of tankers and cargo aircraft .
The base became the Clinton - Sherman Industrial Airpark , home to a limited amount of industrial and general aviation activity .
No shortage of optimism Since the Air Force left nearly 35 years ago , there have been a number of efforts to convert the base into a thriving commercial aviation facility , efforts that have generally fallen through .
In the late 1990s regional and state officials seized on a new use for the base : as a spaceport .
At the time Lockheed Martin was planning its VentureStar RLV , which would land horizontally ; other companies at the time were also planning RLVs that would take off and / or land horizontally .
For them , the former air base , located in a relatively isolated area and with its long runway , was potentially very attractive .
The state established a new office , the Oklahoma Space Industry Development Authority ( OSIDA ) , with the mission of attracting companies to build and launch spacecraft in the state , most likely from Burns Flat .
While the VentureStar and many other RLV efforts met an unfortunate demise , OSIDA persisted in efforts to attract companies to the state , using both the Burns Flat facility as well as a variety of incentives , including investment tax credits , sales tax refunds , and property tax exemptions .
OSIDA has entered into memoranda of understanding ( MOUs ) with over a dozen companies who have at least shown an interest in setting up facilities in the state or using the spaceport .
Those MOUs are starting to lead to concrete activity : two companies , Rocketplane Ltd. ( formerly Pioneer Rocketplane ) and TGV Rockets , have moved to Oklahoma in recent months , with Rocketplane in particular planning to fly its suborbital RLV out of Oklahoma Spaceport .
Last month , as a sign of continued commitment to the spaceport project , OSIDA moved its offices from Oklahoma City to Burns Flat .
“ There are a lot of grandiose plans in the works for the next 20 years , ” OSIDA ’s McGill said .
“ Right now we ’re just trying to get some launches out of there . ”
There are , however , several obstacles in the path of converting the old air base into a spaceport .
Besides the status of the infrastructure at the airport today , the facility has yet to receive a spaceport license from the FAA .
Ken McGill , chairman of OSIDA , said during a presentation at ISDC that the authority is currently working on getting a spaceport license , in particular working through issues like environmental assessments , and hopes to win a license next year .
That license , though , will limit Oklahoma Spaceport to horizontal launches and landings : several major commercial aviation flight paths go directly over the site , hindering its use for vertically - launched vehicles .
In addition , McGill noted , there are cities and towns downrange of the spaceport , including Oklahoma City , about 150 kilometers due east .
This has forced companies like TGV , Armadillo Aerospace , and Beyond - Earth Enterprises — all of which have vertically - launched vehicles and had expressed an interest in Oklahoma Spaceport — to look for launch sites elsewhere , such as White Sands in New Mexico .
This has not dampened the enthusiasm of spaceport backers .
One proposed plan for future development of the spaceport includes sites for a theme park , hotel , expanded golf course , and even a bass - fishing lake , in addition to facilities for the spaceport itself .
Royce Jones , CEO of Spaceliner Corporation , described plans to use the spaceport for a more terrestrial form of space tourism : having people come out to see launches .
During a talk at ISDC , Jones said that tourists visiting the spaceport to see launches could generate $ 34 million a year in expenditures , although he did n’t disclose how many visitors or launches that estimate was based upon .
Jones said he was negotiating with the US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) for a $ 100 million loan guarantee to pay for building tourist and other facilities there ; he noted that the USDA has sponsored airport projects in the past as part of its mission to support rural communities .
While the remote location of the Oklahoma Spaceport serves as an advantage from a technical aspect , it would seem to hinder its use as a tourist attraction .
Besides Oklahoma City , the next closest major city is Amarillo , over 250 kilometers to the west in the Texas Panhandle .
Jones pointed to the annual AirVenture air show in Oshkosh , Wisconsin , as evidence that people are willing to travel to rural locations for aviation events : over 750,000 people attended last year ’s event .
For McGill and OSIDA , though , their near - term focus is getting Oklahoma Spaceport to live up to its name .
“ There are a lot of grandiose plans in the works for the next 20 years , ” he said .
“ Right now we ’re just trying to get some launches out of there . ”
Home
Send Flowers to Bangalore - Local Florist , Birthday Cakes , Gifts , Same Day Delivery in India
Giftwithluv made its debut in the year 2005 , started with an intention to bring smiles on your loved ones face .
Customers can expect fresh and quality flowers all year round ; delivering outstanding services to the doorstep of your loved ones is our core job , flower arrangement presented by us in bunch , basket and bouquet is a treat for the eyes .
Send flowers to Bangalore , Mumbai , Pune , Hyderabad , and Chennai , India with our quick delivery service .
Send gifts to India on your special someone ’s birthday , wedding , Valentine ’s day , anniversary , and other ceremonies like house warming , engagement , newborn baby , New Year ’s Eve .
Send sweets online on important festivals like Diwali , Ganesh chaturthi , Rakshabandhan and other personalized gifting services such as Sorry , Thank You , Love You , and Miss You etc .
We are one of the trusted florists in India who wish to rule the hearts of all .
Send gifts to Hyderabad , Pune , Chennai , Mumbai , or anywhere in India through Giftwithluv .
Having 8 years of experience in gifting and floral business , Giftwithluv has outshined other gifting sites .
We are an integral part of every celebration that takes place in everyone ’s life .
We make every product planned for that big day accessible for our customers at affordable prices .
Our gift gallery is filled with exclusive gifts for all the occasions and impressive flower arrangements that will melt your loved ones heart in seconds .
Customers can reach their family and friends on birthdays , wedding , anniversary , engagement ceremony and other special events by sending gifts via florist in India .
We are proud to announce that we are one of the prominent names in online gift delivery services in Mumbai , Bangalore , Chennai , Pune , and Hyderabad .
Reach your dear ones on Valentine ’s Day with exotic bunch of red roses to these above cities with our speedy door delivery gift , delicious sweets , chocolates , cakes and flower service .
Nationwide network of local vendors make our job of delivering gifts easy and convenient , our e-commerce portal is one of the most sought after gifting site in India , send gifts to Bangalore with Giftwithluv and be the reason for bringing smile on someone ’s face .
We make Mothers Day extra special with our exotic arrangement of fresh roses , cakes , and flowers made in bunch , basket or bouquet .
People in love will find florist in Hyderabad the best resort with wide array of flowers and gifts to present to the love of your life on Anniversary .
Flowers say more than words take our platform to express your genuine emotions to the one you care and adore on this big day of the year , along with flowers buy chocolates online and add a special touch to the celebration .
Online shoppers will find exquisite collection of gifts in just one single click buy watches online in India or send special gift hampers through our midnight gift delivery .
We are one of the most adored online local florist in India fulfilling all your floral needs .
If you wish to send fresh flowers to someone you love , do think of us .
Come any occasion for example birthday , wedding , new born , house warming , valentine ’s day we are alert and ready to deliver your gifts right to the doorsteps of the celebrant .
Want to bring happiness on your loved ones special day like birth day send mouth - watering cakes with our e-gifting portal .
We offer easy and simple solutions for online payment allowing our customers to enjoy a convenient online shopping .
For further assistance feel free to call us at 92432-84333 or 84978-08999 7.00 am- 10.00 pm .
Cheech and Chong on FOX News
This is pretty wild .
Check out the video over at Raw Story : Gretchen Carlson defends Republicans ’ right to smoke pot
Clearly the comedy duo are on a publicity tour for their new comedy show and they ’re doing every TV show they can get , but you can tell that they ’re just having fun with the fact that Fox invited them .
Chong told Carlson that he wants to see marijuana legalized — but not for Republicans .
“ We want to legalize pot for everyone that wants to smoke it .
You know , we do n’t want to legalize it for Republicans . ”
Carlson quickly came to the defense of stoners in the GOP .
“ That would n’t be fair .
Would it ? ” asked Carlson .
“ I mean being fair and balanced , if you want to legalize it should n’t you want to legalize it for everyone ? ”
“ I want to legalize it for everyone , ” answered Cheech Marin .
[ Thanks , Scott ]
One thing is certain about the Google– Yelp courtship :
After turning hot as recently as Friday , a bitter chill has spread over the relationship , and for now , the mating dance is definitely off .
But why things fell apart after the two sides had virtually agreed that Google would pay upwards of $ 500 million to acquire
Yelp has become a bit of a he - said , she - said .
As my colleague Claire Cain Miller and others have reported , some people with knowledge of the discussions said that Yelp walked away .
The reason Yelp abandoned a seemingly sweet deal was never fully explained .
Now another person who was briefed on the negotiations said that it was Google that walked away .
The person said that Google executives believed that their counterparts at Yelp were n’t being “ transparent . ”
The executives also did n’t want to let the negotiations be driven by leaks to the press , the person said , implying that it was Yelp that had first leaked word of the talks .
Finding out who is right may take some time .
But it ca n’t hurt to try to read the tea leaves .
It seems apparent , based on conversations with multiple sources , that after the two sides tentatively agreed on a deal , Yelp came back to Google saying it had received a higher offer from another party .
Why Yelp did n’t take that offer , which the sources said was in the vicinity of $ 750 million , is a bit of a mystery .
The people who said Yelp walked away from the deal implied that there was n’t a good fit with the other company .
However , as Anthony Alfonso , president of Trenwith Valuation , told Ms. Miller , some of Yelp ’s actions may have been an exercise in brinkmanship .
But what if the brinkmanship backfired , and it is Google that walked away ?
If Yelp told Google it had a higher offer , then it seems it was Google ’s turn to counter or to call the deal off and let Yelp go back to its unnamed suitor .
The comment by Google executives about Yelp ’s lack of “ transparency ” suggests that Google thought that Yelp sprung the higher offer as a negotiation ploy .
Google and Yelp declined to comment .
While people close to the deal are happy to point fingers over the apparent fiasco , there ’s something that no one seems ready to say :
That the deal is off for good .
After all , we are not talking about high - school courtships here , but about a multimillion - dollar business deal .
While it is apparent that feelings have soured , if an acquisition makes sense , it may still get done .
Kavkazcenter.com has been known to carry accurate claims of attacks A North Caucasus Islamist group has claimed responsibility for a bomb that killed 26 people on a Moscow - to - St Petersburg train , a website says .
The website claim on Kavkazcenter.com said last Friday 's attack was carried out by the " Caucasian Mujahadeen " on the orders of its leader , Doku Umarov .
He is described as one of Russia 's most wanted rebels , but it was not possible to verify the claim 's authenticity .
Moscow had earlier described the Nevsky Express attack as an act of terrorism .
Doku Umarov , a Chechen , is considered the leader of the Islamist insurgency in the North Caucasus .
He says he is fighting to expel Russian forces , and to turn the region into an Islamic emirate .
Wednesday's web statement said Friday 's attack was an " act of sabotage " , and part of a series of operations targeting strategic sites in Russia .
" Today , we carry out sabotage operations on electricity transmission lines , oil - and - gas - wires .
Many of the operations are under preparation status .
" We intend to conduct such diversions in future , which are the just acts of vengeance ...
These diversions will continue for as long as the occupants in the Caucasus will not stop its policy of killing ordinary Muslims purely on religious grounds . "
Kavkazcenter.com has carried statements before by North Caucasus groups claiming responsibility for attacks on Russia that have turned out to be correct .
' Cold - blooded calculation ' Vladimir Yakunin , the head of Russian railways , told the BBC that he thought there were similarities between Friday 's derailment and a 2007 attack on the same line which injured 30 people , and for which two men from Ingushetia have been charged .
But he said he did not know exactly who was responsible for this latest incident .
On Tuesday , the funerals were held of some of the 26 who died on the Nevsky Express - a luxury high - speed train popular with government officials and business executives .
Profile : Doku Umarov Could Beslan tragedy happen again ?
Among those buried were Sergei Tarasov , a former St Petersburg vice - governor , and Boris Yevstratikov , head of the Federal Agency for State Reserves .
Nearly 100 others were wounded after what police called an " improvised explosive device " derailed the train 's last three carriages near the town of Bologoye , some 400 km ( 250 miles ) north - west of Moscow .
A second , less powerful device which went off on Saturday near the site of the first - reportedly triggered by a remote mobile - is said to have injured one of the investigators combing the train 's wreckage .
Police have identified a house where they believe suspects had been staying , Russian media reports say , and have released a photo - fit of a man they believe is linked to the bombing .
The interior ministry circulated the sketch of a man in his 50s with a wig of red hair , who had reportedly been seen by witnesses near the blast scene .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last Thursday , December 17 , 2009 , The White House released an Executive Order " Amending Executive Order 12425 . "
It grants INTERPOL ( International Criminal Police Organization ) a new level of full diplomatic immunity afforded to foreign embassies and select other " International Organizations " as set forth in the United States International Organizations Immunities Act of 1945 .
FBI ,
For Immediate Release December 17 , 2009
Executive Order -- Amending Executive Order 12425 EXECUTIVE
ORDER
- - - - - - -
AMENDING EXECUTIVE ORDER 12425 DESIGNATING
INTERPOL
AS A PUBLIC INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION ENTITLED TO
ENJOY CERTAIN PRIVILEGES , EXEMPTIONS , AND IMMUNITIES
By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America , including section 1 of the International Organizations Immunities Act ( 22 U.S.C. 288 ) , and in order to extend the appropriate privileges , exemptions , and immunities to the International Criminal Police Organization ( INTERPOL ) , it is hereby ordered that Executive Order 12425 of June 16 , 1983 , as amended , is further amended by deleting from the first sentence the words " except those provided by Section 2 © , Section 3 , Section 4 , Section 5 , and Section 6 of that Act " and the semicolon that immediately precedes them .
BARACK OBAMA THE WHITE HOUSE ,
December 16 , 2009 .
By removing language from President Reagan 's 1983 Executive Order 12425 , this international law enforcement body now operates - now operates - on American soil beyond the reach of our own top law enforcement arm , theand is immune from Freedom Of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests .
After initial review and discussions between the writers of this analysis , the context was spelled out plainly .
Through EO 12425 , President Reagan extended to INTERPOL recognition as an " International Organization . "
In short , the privileges and immunities afforded foreign diplomats was extended to INTERPOL .
Two sets of important privileges and immunities were withheld : Section 2 © and the remaining sections cited ( all of which deal with differing taxes ) .
And then comes December 17 , 2009 , and President Obama .
The exemptions in EO 12425 were removed .
Section 2c of the United States International Organizations Immunities
Act is the crucial piece .
Property and assets of international organizations , wherever located and by whomsoever held , shall be immune from search , unless such immunity be expressly waived , and from confiscation .
The archives of international organizations shall be inviolable .
( Emphasis added . )
Inviolable archives means INTERPOL records are beyond US citizens ' Freedom of Information
Act requests and from American legal or investigative discovery ( " unless such immunity be expressly waived . " )
Property and assets being immune from search and confiscation means precisely that .
Wherever they may be in the United States .
This could conceivably include human assets - Americans arrested on our soil by INTERPOL officers .
Context : International Criminal Court
The importance of this last crucial point cannot be understated , because this immunity and protection - and elevation above the US Constitution - afforded INTERPOL is likely a precursor to the White House subjecting the United States under the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
INTERPOL provides a significant enforcement function for the ICC , just as our FBI provides a significant function for our Department of Justice .
We direct the American public to paragraph 28 of the ICC's Proposed Programme Budget for 2010 ( PDF ) .
29 .
Additionally , the Court will continue to seek the cooperation of States not party to the Rome Statute and to develop its relationships with regional organizations such as the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , the Arab League ( AL ) , the African Union ( AU ) , the Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) , ASEAN and CARICOM .
We will also continue to engage with subregional and thematic organizations , such as SADC and ECOWAS , and the Commonwealth Secretariat and the OIF .
This will be done through high level visits , briefings and , as appropriate , relationship agreements .
Work will also be carried out with sectoral organizations such as IDLO and INTERPOL , to increase efficiency .
The United States is not a party to the Rome Statute - the UN treaty that established the International Criminal Court .
( See : Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court )
President George W. Bush rejected subjecting the United States to the jurisdiction of the ICC and removed the United States as a signatory .
President Bill Clinton had previously signed the Rome Statute during his presidency .
Two critical matters are at play .
One is an overall matter of sovereignty and the concept of the primacy of American law above those of the rest of the world .
But more recently a more over - riding concern principally has been the potential - if not likely - specter of subjecting our Armed Forces to a hostile international body seeking war crimes prosecutions during the execution of an unpopular war .
President Bush in fact went so far as to gain agreement from nations that they would expressly not detain or hand over to the ICC members of the United States armed forces .
The fear of a symbolic ICC circus trial as a form of international political protest to American military actions in Iraq and elsewhere was real and palpable .
President Obama 's words have been carefully chosen when directly regarding the ICC .
While President Bush outright rejected subjugating American armed forces to any international court as a matter of policy , President Obama said in his 2008 presidential campaign that it is merely " premature to commit " to signing America on .
However , in a Foreign Policy in Focus round - table in 2008 , the host group cited his former foreign policy advisor , Samantha Power .
She essentially laid down what can be viewed as now - President Obama 's roadmap to America rejoining the ICC .
His principal objections are not explained as those of sovereignty , but rather of image and perception .
Obama 's former foreign policy advisor , Samantha Power , said in an early March ( 2008 ) interview with The Irish Times that many things need to happen before Obama could think about signing the Rome Treaty .
" Until we 've closed Guantánamo , gotten out of Iraq responsibly , renounced torture and rendition , shown a different face for America , American membership of the ICC is going to make countries around the world think the ICC is a tool of American hegemony .
The detention center at Guantánamo Bay is nearing its closure and an alternate continental American site for terrorist detention has been selected in Illinois .
The time line for Iraq withdrawal has been set .
And President Obama has given an abundance of international speeches intended to " show a different face for America . "
He has in fact been roundly criticized domestically for the routinely apologetic and critical nature of these speeches .
President Obama has not rejected the concept of ICC jurisdiction over US citizens and service members .
He has avoided any direct reference to this while offering praise for the ICC for conducting its trials so far " in America 's interests . "
The door thus remains wide open to the skeptical observer .
CONCLUSIONS
In light of what we know and can observe , it is our logical conclusion that President Obama 's Executive Order amending President Ronald Reagans ' 1983 EO 12425 and placing INTERPOL above the United States Constitution and beyond the legal reach of our own top law enforcement is a precursor to more damaging moves .
The pre-requisite conditions regarding the Iraq withdrawal and the Guantanamo Bay terrorist detention facility closure will continue their course .
meanwhile , the next move from President Obama is likely an attempt to dissolve the agreements made between President Bush and other states preventing them from turning over American military forces to the ICC ( via INTERPOL ) for war crimes or any other prosecutions .
When the paths on the road map converge - Iraq withdrawal , Guantánamo closure , perceived American image improved internationally , and an empowered INTERPOL in the United States - it is probable that President Barack Obama will once again make America a signatory to the International Criminal Court .
It will be a move that surrenders American sovereignty to an international body whose INTERPOL enforcement arm has already been elevated above the Constitution and American domestic law enforcement .
For an added and disturbing wrinkle , INTERPOL 's central operations office in the United States is within our own Justice Department offices .
They are American law enforcement officers working under the aegis of INTERPOL within our own Justice Department .
That they now operate with full diplomatic immunity and with " inviolable archives " from within our own buildings should send red flags soaring into the clouds .
This is the disturbing context for President Obama 's quiet release of an amended Executive Order 12425 .
American sovereignty hangs in the balance if these actions are not prevented through public outcry and political pressure .
Some Americans are paying attention , as can be seen from some of the earliest recognitions of this troubling development here , here and here .
But the discussion must extend well beyond the Internet and social media .
Ultimately , a detailed verbal explanation is due the American public from the President of the United States detailing why an international law enforcement arm assisting a court we are not a signatory to has been elevated above our Constitution upon our soil .
Not everyone in Andhra Pradesh is pleased about the proposed new state Indian Home Secretary GK Pillai has said that the process for creating the new state of Telangana will go ahead and its capital will be Hyderabad .
Mr Pillai was speaking as protests against plans to carve out the new state from the southern state of Andhra Pradesh led to sporadic violence .
He said that he expected the current agitation soon to fade away .
The move to form Telangana state has plunged Andhra Pradesh into crisis , with over 100 lawmakers resigning .
Businesses shut Investors fear the protests will hurt Hyderabad , an IT hub of southern India and home to firms like Microsoft , Google and Dell .
A strike is being held in 12 districts in protest against the move Correspondents say that no decision has formally been taken as to which state Hyderabad will belong to - so Mr Pillai 's comments during a two - day visit to Indian - administered Kashmir - are important .
A strike is being held in 12 districts of Andhra Pradesh and protesters have attacked public transport vehicles in some places .
Thousands of people marched in the state on Friday , some supporting the decision for a separate state , others vowing to fight against its formation .
Businesses were shut and public transport halted .
The state has long been divided between the more prosperous coastal area and the less developed inland Telangana region .
The move to create the new state is also fuelling demands for other new states across India .
Two parties in the eastern West Bengal state have said they will begin campaigning again for separate states .
The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM ) is demanding a separate state and fairer treatment for Darjeeling 's Nepali - speaking Gorkha community .
And the Kamtapur Peoples Party ( KPP ) is demanding a separate state for the local Koch - Rajbongshi people .
The GJM has announced a four day strike in the Darjeeling region beginning Monday .
The KPP has said it will set up road blocks on highways in northern Bengal which connect India 's seven north - eastern states to the mainland .
India 's ' Tiger of Telangana ' feted Biswas : New states needed ?
" We will join the Gorkhas in the movement for a separate state .
It is now or never , " said KPP chief Atul Roy .
A spokesman for the Bodo tribespeople in the north - eastern state of Assam has also demanded the creation of a separate state .
" We welcome the creation of Telangana and we hope the Indian government will take necessary steps to create a separate Bodoland state without any further delay , " said Sangsuma Khungur Bwismutiary , the independent member of parliament from Kokrajhar , the headquarters of the Bodoland Territorial Council .
The BBC's Soutik Biswas in Delhi says the announcement of a Telangana state has come as a shot in the arm for political parties and groups in the country demanding new states .
Reports say that the federal government is already sitting on proposals for nine new states in the country .
Long campaign Telangana region is spread over 10 northern districts of Andhra Pradesh .
INDIA'S NEWEST STATE Population of 35 million Formed from 10 districts of Andhra Pradesh , including city of Hyderabad Landlocked , predominantly agricultural area
One of the most under - developed regions in India Culmination of 50 - year campaign
More than 400 people died in 1969 crackdown
The demand for separate state status for the underdeveloped and drought - prone area dates back 50 years .
More than 400 people died in violence over the demand for a Telangana state in 1969 .
Campaigners say Telangana 's economic development has been neglected in favour of the richer and more powerful Andhra region - and that a new state is the only solution .
The last three new states in India were formed in 2000 : Chhattisgarh was created out of eastern Madhya Pradesh ; Uttarakhand was created out of the hilly areas of northern Uttar Pradesh , and Jharkhand was carved from Bihar 's southern districts .
India currently has 28 states .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By John Feeney :
From its first day GIM has been nothing more than an effort to reach as many people as possible with an urgent ecological message .
The blog has prompted me to think through certain issues and has served as a base from which to venture out , submitting articles to larger publications .
In the course of about 15 months , I ’ve concluded I can reach more readers by writing mostly for other news and information sources .
This means following through on plans I ’ve mentioned previously and slowing all activity on GIM .
This will free my time for freelance writing rather than blog maintenance .
For the time being , GIM may remain marginally active , with an occasional post or update , but will eventually become an archive , supplanted by a different sort of site featuring new articles .
I ’ll post an update here when I launch that site .
In the meantime , I ’ll update the Articles Elsewhere and Speaking / Interviews pages as appropriate .
Comments remain off .
I thank all the regular commenters who have helped make GIM a lively site .
But while on - site comments have real value of their own , they are for me a time sink which does n’t play a large role in generating more readers .
I do of course continue to welcome emailed comments .
Stay tuned …
Evolving focus
For now , my writing focus will be narrowing .
I ’ll be shifting more strongly to the subject of population .
Few observers appreciate the urgency of the population issue .
Many are willing to accept it when environmental writers and organizations ignore , or worse , dismiss its importance .
The stakes are too high for that .
Population is perhaps the single most important environmental and humanitarian topic , but receives little coverage and a great deal of confused rationalization from writers determined to avoid it .
We need to push for a massive shift of attention to this fundamental , shunned topic .
( Similar points could be made concerning certain root causes of our ecological plight , such as large scale agriculture and other structures of civilization .
Those will no doubt be among the topics of additional forthcoming articles . )
So I ’m directing even more energy to where the need is .
I hope readers will continue to find GIM useful as an information source , and will check back for updates .
As I continue in the mission with which I launched this site , I wish every success to others working to spread the same message .
Carry on !
_______
Image source : ricardo. martin’s photostream , flickr.com , creative commons license
November 7 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
It occurred to me in a recent conversation that although I consider myself an environmentalist ( whatever that means ) , and although I am abidingly fascinated by life and its various forms , and committed to the idea of ‘ respecting ’ a fairly large class of them , I ’m not really comfortable talking about ‘ nature ’ , or putting points in terms of ‘ nature ’ or ‘ the natural world ’ .
In fact , I do n’t think I believe that such an entity exists .
Let me put it like this : the way the word ‘ nature ’ is often used , it seems to be supposed that visiting a Caribbean coral reef and swimming with dolphins , visiting a Tibetan mountain to photograph eagles , and and camping in a pine forest in Norway , are all ways of having contact with ‘ nature ’ .
This almost suggests , though , that when I get to the eagles , I in some sense am more familiar with them because I met the dolphins , and when I am in the forest I ’m closer to it because of being in the mountains .
That is , it suggests that there ’s something in common between the three .
But there is n’t – the coral reefs are as foreign to the mountains as they are to the heart of London .
Dolphins have as little in common with eagles as they do with humans .
When I turn up in the forest and disturb some bear , it will not care in the slightest that I am on good terms with the frogs of Indonesia .
All that is common is something negative : they are areas that are not heavily populated with humans .
Note , it ’s not even that they ’re therefore populated with lots of other species – because 1 ) there ’s no definition of ‘ populated ’ that puts coral reefs in the same league as mountains , and 2 ) cities , the paradigms of human settlement , probably contain more non-human animals than many remote ‘ wild places ’ .
So the word ‘ natural ’ means something like ‘ alien ’ or ‘ foreign ’ : it ’s not something that applies to things themselves , but rather characterises our relation to them .
Things are different from what I ’m familiar with – and this I designate by calling them things like ‘ foreign ’ ( when I ’m focusing on nationality ) or ‘ nature ’ ( when I ’m focusing on species ) .
And this is perfectly appropriate in definite contexts .
For instance , in considering global warming , we need to distinguish between human industry and the rest of the biosphere , because there ’s a big causal difference in what role they ’re playing .
But we can apply the same concept in other ways .
In regard to global warming , any outside observer could quite appropriately regard it as a breakdown , a short - circuit , in ‘ earthly nature ’ .
Factories are , ultimately , as natural as domestication , self - cleaning , and care for young .
They are something one species of organism produces when its natural tendencies reach a certain point .
Going in the other direction , when a monkey discovers that you can get good food by sticking grass stalks into a termite mound , that represents a ‘ triumph over nature ’ as much as when humans discover fire or build a bridge – with ‘ nature ’ including the termites , and the grass , but not the monkey .
Perhaps we could even include a shrew surviving one more day of frantically searching for food in a dangerous world .
After all , distinguishing oneself from the world as a separate and potentially opposed force confronting it – that ’s pretty much what ‘ life ’ does .
But then you get this idea that speaking of ‘ nature ’ is speaking of a real thing – a sort of collective identity possessed by all and only those beings and places remote from humans .
If they knew we were doing it , I imagine sardines would be very surprised at our lumping them in a group with elephants , whom they can barely imagine , let alone recognise a similar to .
But look here : we have a name for that : outgroup homogenisation .
“ We ” are all individuals , and the differences between us and between our different cultures and groupings are profound , often amounting to essential oppositions – the eternal feminine against the eternal masculine , etc .
But “ they ” are all basically minor variations on a common theme .
After all , “ they are animals ” .
What a sentence !
Why not say the same about moles , whales , humans , bacteria , fungi , snakes , plankton , and octopuses – “ they are non-fliers ” , said in a tone of explaining something fundamental , conveying the basic fact about them .
Or rather , about us .
For you and I , after all , are indeed non-fliers .
In short , there does not exist an entity called ‘ nature ’ , nor ‘ the natural world ’ .
There is only a schema of opposition , of drawing a division between the sentient agent ( individual or collective ) and the passive forces it confronts .
And that schema can be applied in pretty much whatever way we want .
There ’s no point in us defending ‘ nature ’ from ‘ humanity ’ ; only in seeking to defending each other from assorted megalomaniacs and anti-social narcissists .
Ubuntu 8.04.4 LTS released
The Ubuntu team is proud to announce the release of Ubuntu 8.04.4 LTS , the fourth maintenance update to Ubuntu 's 8.04 LTS release .
This release includes updated server , desktop , and alternate installation CDs for the i386 and amd64 architectures .
Ubuntu 8.04 LTS continues to be maintained through 2011 for desktops and 2013 for servers through online updates , but this is the final maintenance release of 8.04 LTS .
In all , some 70 updates have been integrated , and updated installation media has been provided so that fewer updates will need to be downloaded after installation .
These include security updates and corrections for other high - impact bugs , with a focus on maintaining stability and compatibility with Ubuntu 8.04 LTS .
To Get Ubuntu 8.04.4 LTS
------------------------
To download Ubuntu 8.04.4 LTS , or obtain CDs , visit : http://www.ubuntu.com/getubuntu/download
We recommend that all users read the release notes , which document caveats and workarounds for known issues .
They are available at : http://www.ubuntu.com/getubuntu/releasenotes/804
About Ubuntu 8.04.4 LTS
-----------------------
This is the fourth maintenance release of Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , which continues to be supported with maintenance updates and security fixes until April 2011 on desktops and April 2013 on servers .
This is the last maintenance release for the 8.04 LTS series .
Future security updates will be individually downloadable from the Ubuntu archive in the same way as before , but no further updates to installation media will be provided for 8.04 LTS .
The next LTS release , 10.04 LTS , will be released in April 2010 .
We recommend that users installing Ubuntu after April install the latest LTS release .
Users do not need to change anything to take advantage of this maintenance release on already - installed 8.04 LTS systems ; security updates and fixes for other high - impact bugs are always made available over the Internet and presented to users for installation by default .
The updated installation media are provided for the benefit of users who are installing Ubuntu 8.04 LTS on new systems .
77 post - release updates have been integrated in this maintenance release , and several bugs in the installation system have been corrected .
These include security updates and corrections for other high - impact bugs , with a focus on maintaining stability and compatibility with Ubuntu 8.04 LTS .
See http://www.ubuntu.com/usn for a full list of Ubuntu security updates .
As of 2010 - 01 - 20 , all updates affecting packages on the CD have been applied .
A summary of notable updates follows .
See https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu for specific information about a particular bug number .
A complete list of post - release updates can also be found at : https://wiki.ubuntu.com/HardyReleaseNotes/ChangeSummary/8.04.4
Installer Updates
----------------- *
Add support for using the contents of the CD image on a USB device ( #234185 ) * Support installing grub to partitions containing JFS filesystems ( #185878 ) *
Fix the check for the lilo - installer / skip preseed option ( #466769 ) Desktop Updates --------------- *
Fix handling of SMB / CIFS shares on the desktop ( #207072 ) * Fix firefox crash in NSSRWLock_LockRead_Util( ) ( #236853 ) * Backport pidgin support for version 16 of the Yahoo ! Messenger Protocol .
The old authentication mechanism was disabled , meaning that it can no longer be used for signing in to Yahoo !
services ( #389322 ) Server updates
-------------- *
Fix vblade init script failure because pid file is not created properly ( #223387 ) * Fix freeradius ' reload ' action so that it does n't just stop the daemon ( #252686 ) General Updates --------------- *
Use stack guard randomization patch from Intrepid glibc to eliminate use of a static sentinel ( #275493 ) * Include updated daylight savings time rules for Bangladesh , Fiji , and Argentina ( #502110 , # 486351 , #453165 ) Helping Shape Ubuntu --------------------
If you would like to help shape Ubuntu , take a look at the list of ways you can participate at : http://www.ubuntu.com/community/participate/
About Ubuntu ------------
Ubuntu is a full - featured Linux distribution for desktops , laptops , netbooks and servers , with a fast and easy install and regular releases .
A tightly - integrated selection of excellent applications is included , and an incredible variety of add - on software is just a few clicks away .
Professional services , including support , are available from Canonical Limited and hundreds of other companies around the world .
For more information about support , visit : http://www.ubuntu.com/support
More Information
----------------
You can find out more about Ubuntu and about this release on our website : http://www.ubuntu.com/
To sign up for future Ubuntu announcements , please subscribe to Ubuntu 's very low volume announcement list at : http://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-announce
GENEVA , Switzerland — Iranian authorities have notified the lawyers of seven imprisoned Baha 'i leaders that the next session of their trial will be held on 7 February , the Baha'i International Community learned today .
At their first court appearance , held 12 January in Tehran , the charges were read to the seven , who categorically denied the accusations .
" While we know little about what actually took place inside the court , we can now say for certain that these seven innocent Baha 'is stood up and firmly rejected all of the charges against them , " said Diane Ala'i of the Baha'i International Community .
" We can also say that , based on the international outcry that accompanied the first session of their trial , the world is watching this proceeding closely and that the Iranian government will be held accountable for any injustices , " she said .
The charges against the seven , according to accounts in government - sponsored news media , were : espionage , " propaganda activities against the Islamic order , " the establishment of an " illegal administration , " cooperation with Israel , sending secret documents outside the country , acting against the security of the country , and " corruption on earth . "
The seven defendants are Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi , Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani , Mr. Afif Naeimi , Mr. Saeid Rezaie , Mrs. Mahvash Sabet , Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli , and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm .
All but one of the group were arrested on 14 May 2008 at their homes in Tehran .
Mrs. Sabet was arrested on 5 March 2008 while in Mashhad .
They have been held in Tehran 's Evin prison ever since , spending their first year there without formal charges or any access to lawyers .
Charleston Personal Injury Attorneys
South Carolina Wrongful Death Lawyer
Personal Injury - Family Law
Have the reckless actions of another person left you with a serious injury ?
Has your family recently suffered the wrongful death of a loved one ?
Are you and your spouse heading for divorce ?
No matter what type of personal injury you have sustained or what your family situation entails , you will find the straight answers you have been looking for and dedicated attorneys you can trust at the Rosen Law Firm .
We want to help you in this difficult time .
We are a small law firm , providing personal attention - we care about our clients .
Contact our Charleston law office at 1-843-377-1700 .
Personal Injury and Family Law Attorneys - Charleston , South Carolina
At the Rosen Law Firm , we understand that while the laws and the legal system may be clear to us - they are not always clear to our clients .
Attorneys Robert Rosen , Susan Rosen , and Robin Meihaus have made it a point to change that fact one client at a time .
If you have been injured in an auto accident , a trucking collision , injured by a doctor 's or hospital 's negligence or the wrongful conduct of another , we are here to help .
Bar and the Judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell Ratings fall into two categories - legal ability and general ethical standards .
Areas of Practice
Although much of our practice is devoted to personal injury and family law , the Rosen Law Firm also provides high quality services and outstanding representation in a wide variety of other legal areas .
Contact Our Tri-County Area Law Office
If you have a legal issue involving one of our practice areas - we have answers and we can help .
Call us in Charleston , South Carolina , at 1-843-377-1700 or contact us via e-mail with a brief description of your situation and legal needs .
Attorneys Robert and Susan Rosen offer 60 years of combined courtroom experience , have each received an AV ® Rating * under Martindale - Hubbell 's peer review rating system , and are both listed in The Best Lawyers in America® reference guide .
* CV , BV and AV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the Judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell Ratings fall into two categories - legal ability and general ethical standards .
The Best Lawyers in America 2007 .
Copyright 2006 by Woodward / White , Inc. , Aiken , SC .
Confidential loan details relating to failed Icelandic bank Kaupthing and its largest customers have been leaked on the internet , revealing some of the risks the bank was taking just weeks before the Icelandic financial meltdown last October .
The 210 - page presentation , showing a snapshot of outstanding corporate loans of more than € 45 m ( £ 38 m ) as of September 25 , has been posted on the Wikileaks website .
Many of the largest exposures are to British - based businesses and entrepreneurs including property investors Robert and Vincent Tchenguiz , their former brother - in - law Vivian Imerman , Simon Halabi , Nick and Christian Candy , Peter Shalson and Aneel Mussarat .
The leaked document also reveals the extent to which Kaupthing had been lending to those with a major economic interest in the bank 's shares .
For example it sets out a complex web of loans and shares posted as collateral between the bank , holding company Exista , which owned 23 % of Kaupthing , and Exista 's controlling shareholders Agust and Lydur Gudmundsson .
Total Kaupthing loans to Exita and its subsidiaries reached € 1.43bn , with considerable sums extended without security or covenants .
Robert Tchenguiz , the second largest borrower from Kaupthing , with loans of € 1.37bn , is also among those who had an interest in Kaupthing shares , as he was a major shareholder in Exista .
Meanwhile veteran British retailer , Kevin Stanford , was said to rank as the fourth largest investor in Kaupthing , with 30.9 m shares .
Kaupthing loans to him and his companies totalled € 519 m , according to the leaked document .
While there is no suggestion of wrongdoing , several Icelandic authorities and Kaupthing 's resolution committee are examining the complex and multi- faceted relationship between the bank and some of its largest customers prior to its collapse .
They are looking to rule out conflicts of interest .
The leaked document provides a snapshot of Kaupthing 's loans at a critical moment before the bank 's demise .
Many of the borrowing arrangements shown will since have been refinanced or revalued .
Kaupthing 's resolution committee has sought to have the presentation removed from the internet and has secured a temporary injunction against its publication by certain Icelandic media .
A source at the bank insisted it was keen to see all questions about its collapse answered , but it was still bound by a duty of confidentiality to customers .
Alongside each loan , the leaked presentation provides a brief assessment of the risk tied to the loans and , on occasion , the state of relations with the customer .
" Asset rich and frequently cash poor , limiting his ability to meet margin calls " , reads one summary .
Another states : " Relationship ... has become strained as downturn has impacted their business model .
They build for the uber - rich but sales are slowing " .
A third loan risk summary states : " There is a glut of apartments in Manchester and it is questionable whether construction should be commenced .
It is probable that an updated valuation would lead to a breach of covenant . "
In March Kaarlo Jännäri , former head of the Finnish financial regulator , published a damning independent analysis of the Icelandic banking system and its collapse .
Commissioned by the Icelandic government and International Monetary Fund , the report highlighted a series of concerns about the conduct of the banks , including large exposures to individual clients and business conducted with related parties , such as those with an interest in bank shares .
Jännäri noted that at the end of June 2008 , Iceland 's big three banks – Kaupthing , Glitnir and Landsbanki – had a total of 23 loan exposures to individuals or corporate groups that were equivalent to more than 10 % of the respective bank 's funds .
" What is striking about these exposures is that the majority of them are to holding companies , or other institutions , or individuals whose main activity is investing in shares or other venture - capital or speculative activities , " he said .
" In most cases , the assets pledged as collateral for these loans are shares in the companies in which these customers had invested the funds borrowed ...
My judgment is that their behaviour in this regard has been very imprudent . "
Kiki , the young boy who flashed a million - dollar smile after being lifted from the rubble .
It was a miracle .
Kiki ’s older sister Sabrina , was pulled out first .
Seven - year - old Kiki comes out next , looking a bit dazed .
However , after seeing the crowd , the survivor immediately smiles and extends his arms in triumph .
A photographer from the New York Post described the scene and the crowd ’s reaction .
This was a rescue after earthquake in Haiti that inspired the masses .
When asked why he smiled so broadly , Kiki responded , “ I smiled because I was free , I smiled because I was alive . ”
After being treated for their injuries and dehydration , the two children were reunited with their parents .
No doubt the children were happy .
In time they ’ll understand just how happy they ’d made everyone else .
Watch the incredible moment below :
KILLEEN , Tex . 
The police officer who brought down a gunman after he went on a shooting rampage at the Fort Hood Army base here was on the way to have her car repaired when she responded to a police radio report of gunfire at a center where soldiers are processed before being sent overseas , the authorities said Friday .
As she pulled up to the center , the officer , Sgt. Kimberly Denise Munley , spotted the gunman , later identified as Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , brandishing a pistol and chasing a wounded soldier outside the building , said Chuck Medley , the director of emergency services at the base .
Sergeant Munley  a woman with a fierce love of hunting , surfing and other outdoor sports  bolted from her car , yanked her pistol out and shot at Major Hasan .
He turned on her and began to fire .
She ran toward him , continuing to fire , and both she and Major Hasan went down with several bullet wounds , Mr. Medley said .
Whether Sergeant Munley was solely responsible for taking down Major Hasan or whether he was also hit by gunfire from her partner is unclear , but she was the first to fire at him , the authorities said .
Sergeant Munley , 34 , is an expert in firearms and a member of the SWAT team for the civilian police department on the base , officials said .
Mr. Medley said she had received specific training in a tactic called active shooter protocol , which was intended for this kind of situation .
“ She ’s absolutely a hero , ” he said .
“ She had the training ; she knew what to do .
And she had the courage to do it  by doing it she saved countless people ’s lives . ”
The original 911 call came in at 1:23 p.m. , and five minutes later Sergeant Munley had already shot the gunman .
Image Sgt. Kimberly D. Munley , is credited with saving lives .
Credit ...
Agence France - Presse — Getty Images , via Twitter
Lt. Gen. Robert W. Cone , the post commander , praised Sergeant Munley on Friday for reacting so swiftly and without hesitation .
“ It was an amazing and an aggressive performance by this police officer , ” General Cone told The Associated Press .
Sergeant Munley began her career as a police officer in the beachside town of Wrightsville , N.C. , after graduating from high school in nearby Wilmington .
She quickly earned a reputation for fearlessness , despite her stature .
( She stands 5 - foot - 4 . )
Her partner in Wrightsville , Investigator Shaun Appler , recalled how Sergeant Munley saved him one night when she wrestled a large man off him after the man had pinned him down and was trying to take his gun .
She earned the nickname Mighty Mouse for that , he said .
“ She ’s a ball of fire , ” Mr. Appler said .
“ She ’s a real good cop . ”
In facing down the gunman at Fort Hood , Sergeant Munley was wounded in each thigh and her right wrist .
The base ’s fire chief applied tourniquets to stop her bleeding , and she was taken to an undisclosed hospital .
Her friends and relatives who spoke to her Friday said she was recovering and in good spirits .
Sergeant Munley , who has two children , joined the police force on the sprawling base in January 2008 after several years in the Army , most of them at Fort Hood .
It was there she met her future husband , Matthew Munley , a member of the Special Forces .
The couple is in the process of selling their house and moving back to North Carolina , where her husband has been assigned to Fort Bragg , family members said .
They live with their 3 - year - old daughter in a tidy community of ranch - style homes on the south side of Killeen .
Her neighbors described her as quiet and friendly .
She was often seen washing her Chevy Tahoe in front of her house , tending her lawn and playing with her daughter .
One neighbor , Sgt. First Class William Barbrow , said that about a year ago Sergeant Munley chased down a burglar who had been prowling around the neighborhood .
“ When she is in uniform , she looks sharp and crisp , her body language says she is professional and there to handle business , ” Sergeant Barbrow said .
Fiona Donnison is in a stable condition in hospital
The bodies of two young children found in the boot of a car had been placed in two large holdalls , it has emerged .
Three - year - old Harry Donnison and his two - year - old sister Elise were found when police broke into a silver Nissan in Mill Close , Heathfield , East Sussex .
Police are still waiting to question their mother , Fiona Donnison , 43 , on suspicion of their murders .
She was taken to hospital on Wednesday with " self - harm injuries " to her arms , and remains in a stable condition .
Post - mortem examinations are due to take place later on the bodies of the children , which were found just before noon on Wednesday .
Ch Supt Robin Smith , of Sussex Police , said he could not disclose how the children died , but officers were not looking for anyone else in connection with their deaths .
Two - year - old Elise Donnison was found dead with her older brother
The car was towed away for analysis and a cordon was in place round a three - storey detached house in Sheepsetting Lane with a " Sold " sign outside , close to where the car was parked .
Ms Donnison , a former Lloyds syndicate worker who also has two teenage sons , had previously lived in the house with her husband , but police said they believed she was now living in Surrey .
Police said both addresses were being searched .
Sussex Police have informed family members of the deaths .
An East Sussex County Council spokeswoman could not disclose whether the dead children were known to their child protection team .
She said : " In the event of any child death the local authority has a standard process it must follow .
" We are currently involved in that process and cannot comment further at this time as a police investigation is ongoing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The event is being held at the Bradford Playhouse A dance artist with epilepsy is to try to induce a seizure on stage - but has been urged to reconsider by a charity .
Rita Marcalo has stopped taking her medication ahead of the event at The Bradford Playhouse , which the audience will be invited to film .
Arts Council England , which is funding the performance , said it aimed to raise awareness about the condition .
But the Epilepsy Action charity expressed concerns and urged Ms Marcalo to reconsider the event .
Ms Marcalo , the artistic director of Leeds - based dance company , Instant Dissidence , plans to induce a seizure as part of the 24 - hour Involuntary Dances event on 11 December , which will also include dance and poetry readings .
' Public embarrassment '
If she has a seizure , an alarm will sound and the audience will be invited to film on their mobile phones .
Diane Horton of Arts Council England said : " This project raises awareness of a disability through the artist 's personal experience of epilepsy and we support this .
" We have made sure that a full risk assessment of the project took place , including medical advice , and that appropriate medical support is available during the performance .
" Rita is an important artist whose work deserves to be seen and the Arts Council both respects the creative decisions she makes in her work and supports her right as a disabled person to be heard . "
We would certainly ask the artist to reconsider
Simon Wigglesworth , Epilepsy Action About £ 2,000 of Arts Council funding has been provided for the 24 - hour performance .
The total includes £ 932 for medical risk assessment and support .
Bradford Playhouse director Eleanor Bradford said : " Rita has made a decision that she wants to explore her own relationship with epilepsy .
" Sometimes epilepsy is seen as a hidden disability and people with epilepsy have traditionally felt they have to hide when they have a seizure - it is associated with public embarrassment .
" Rita is doing is the opposite of that and is drawing attention to epilepsy in a very public way . "
Deputy chief executive of Epilepsy Action , Simon Wigglesworth , said : " Our concern is that anti-epilepsy medication is the cornerstone of treating people with epilepsy .
" Throwing away seizure control treatment trivialises the condition and does not respect the fact that some people have spent time trying to get it under control .
" It is this artist 's own decision as to what she might do but we are concerned that she is putting herself at risk and , if anyone else thought it was a good idea they would be putting themselves at risk .
" We would certainly ask the artist to reconsider . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
INTERIOR DOOR & CLOSET COMPANY
An Interior Door upgrade is the most cost effective way to transform the look of every room in your home in what is typically a 3 - 4 hour process .
Welcome to the Interior Door and Closet Company ( IDCC ) , located in Huntington Beach , California .
We provide service to all cities in Orange County , California .
We have developed the most convenient and affordable door and closet systems to beautify , organize and add value to your most prized possession ; your home .
As our name simply states , we improve the appearance and function of three vital areas of your home : your interior doors , closet door , barn doors and closet & garage organizers within them .
We have the unique ability to provide you with both expert design guidance and professional , convenient installation .
We are a family owned and operated company that ’s been in business for 13 years .
Everyone you meet is either a family member or employee , and unlike some others , we do not use sub -contractors .
Interior Door and Closet Design Experts
Our design expertise starts with evaluating your individual taste and décor as well as your home ’s architectural style .
We then identify the functional needs and demands of your family .
By assessing these two critical elements we are able to guide you in selecting the appropriate style , material , finish and accessories for your new interior doors , closet doors , barn doors and organizers .
At IDCC we pride ourselves in having courteous and professional craftsmen along with one of the most convenient and time efficient process in the industry .
All the labor such as intense cutting , sanding , priming and painting of your new doors is performed solely in our facility .
Unlike other door replacement services , there is very little inconvenience to your family and absolutely no mess in your home .
We simply measure and remove your old doors , then return within the same week to install your beautiful new finished doors .
Because the work is completed at our facility , our typical door or organizer installation takes less than 4 hours in your home !
Our Specialty
Specialization within our trade , our proprietary tools , processes and our large volume of work allow us to offer you prices that can not be beat .
IDCC also offers a range of products that can meet any budget ; from our installed hollow - core doors to our custom closet doors that please the most affluent tastes .
Our interior door and closet gallery contains many of today ’s most popular designs , however the possibilities are endless .
If you do n’t see the closet or interior door you are looking for please contact us .
Sorry to ruin all your fun guys , but I got kind of sick seeing this guy portrayed as a total deadbeat loser with no friends who lives in his mom 's basement .
So here you go , from the parent article .
" Rob , who works as a health care assistant ... "
" And his long - suffering family – wife Michelle , 45 , daughter Becky Donohue , 21 , 14 - year - old son James Donohue , and grand - daughter Holly , six months – have had to get used to living alongside the nemesis of the Doctor . "
" At the moment it is taking up the whole of our study , " Rob explained .
" I think my wife secretly likes it – although she would never admit it . "
" Rob now plans to put his creation to good use , and has already travelled to Rotherham to take part in a Children in Need charity event . "
So , to sum it up , he has a wife and kids , works in the medical field , and plans to use the Dalek as a promotion for charity events .
The United Nations today launches an appeal to Fifa and five major European football leagues , including the Premier League , to place a small levy on sponsorship revenues that would help get 2 million children in poor countries into school over the next five years .
On the eve of the World Cup draw in South Africa , Unesco – the UN 's culture , science and education arm – says a " Better Future " levy of just 0.4 % on all broadcast and sponsorship revenues from next year 's World Cup and the five main European leagues between 2010 and 2015 would raise $ 48 m ( £ 29 m ) a year between now and the following World Cup in 2014 .
That sum would put half a million children in poor countries into school every year , of whom 140,000 could be financed by the English Premier League 's contribution .
Commercial revenues from the 2010 World Cup are projected to reach $ 850 m .
Annual revenues for the major leagues in Europe range from $ 1.4bn in France , to about $ 2bn in Spain , Italy and Germany , and $ 3.5 bn in England .
Fifa already backs the " 1 goal " international coalition and aims to use the World Cup to put education at the heart of international development efforts .
But Unesco wants it to back its support with cash amid fears the world will miss its target of getting all children into school by 2015 .
The Unesco proposal , which is backed by Sport Against Racism in Ireland ( Sari ) , has been sent to Sepp Blatter , Fifa 's president .
" This is a chance for football to step up to the mark and make a difference to the lives of some of the world 's most disadvantaged kids , " said Brian Kerr , a Sari board member and manager of the Faroe Islands .
" Most footballers , managers , and fans would welcome this proposal .
This is a chance to ensure that Africa 's first World Cup leaves a legacy that will be remembered . "
The proposal echoes growing calls for a Tobin tax on all foreign exchange trades , named after the Nobel prize - winning economist James Tobin , as a way of raising revenue to boost development aid to poor countries .
Kevin Watkins , director of Unesco 's upcoming Education for All global monitoring report , said : " The $ 48 m in revenues from the levy is less than many of Europe 's top clubs spend on a single footballer .
This is a small price to pay for giving half a million children each year the chance for an education that could transform their lives . "
Chris Hughton , the manager of Newcastle United , called on Fifa to act on the proposal .
" Football is a high - pressure environment .
But at the end of the day it 's a sport .
Education is a human right – and that right is being violated every day for millions of kids .
As a sport we can help to change this picture through the Better Future levy . "
For a country like Ghana , the home of Chelsea 's Michael Essien , pictured , the English Premier League 's financing of 140,000 school places would represent a 15 % decline in the number of children out of school .
Italy 's contribution could put 82,000 children into school , which would fill the San Siro stadium in Milan .
In a country like Mali , where Lamine Sissoko of Juventus comes from , this would represent 10 % of the out - of - school population .
The contribution from Spain could create 83,000 primary school places annually – a figure just under the capacity for Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium .
France could create 57,000 additional school places , equivalent to 10 % of the out - of - school population in Patrick Vieira 's Senegal .
The Premier League appeared cool on the idea , however , pointing to the share of its revenues it already distributes to a range of groups and charities .
" We already redistribute 14 % of our revenues to a variety of good causes , including education and health projects , " said a spokesman .
Fifa did not reject the idea but a spokesman said that since 2007 it had committed at least 0.7 % of its annual revenue to social development initiatives , including education .
" The real problems in education cannot be solved by money alone , nor solely by Fifa or the football world .
That is also why the 1 Goal campaign which Fifa supports is not about raising funds or building schools or education facilities , but about collecting signatures worldwide to put the necessary public pressures on donor countries , who need to action their – already made – commitments to education , which stand at approximately $ 11bn . "
A Uefa spokesman said : " We aim at 0.7 % of Uefa gross income which complies with the international standard of 0.7 % of GDP . "
About the author
( NewsTarget ) The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , administered by the USDA , helps low - income individuals and families put food on the table .
It is commonly and historically known as the Food Stamp Program .
The new name was adopted following enactment of the 2008 Farm Bill , which brought many new changes including expanded coverage and funding to promote nutrition .
In an attempt to help improve eating habits and combat the obesity epidemic , SNAP has created incentives for the purchase of nutritious foods .
A number of nonprofit groups are participating in this effort to offer such incentives at the point - of - sale .
One of these groups is the Wholesome Wave Foundation , whose mission is to make locally grown , sustainable foods available to all communities .
Their " Double Value Coupon Program " doubles the value of food stamps used at participating farmers ' markets .
This program increases access to affordable , healthy food in low - income areas that need it most .
It also supports local farming and reduces " food miles " traveled , which benefits the environment .
Perhaps the most common argument against the use of food assistance programs to promote healthful eating has been that needy people should not have their food choices restricted to certain products .
However , this program does not include any restrictions .
Its goal is to empower individuals to make healthier choices , not to limit their choices .
According to president and CEO of Wholesome Wave , Michel Nischan , " We 're not taking away your benefits because you spend them on Twinkies , but if you decide you want to spend it on fresh tomatoes , you 'll get double your money .
" Currently , close to one in eight Americans are enrolled in SNAP , yet only two - thirds of those eligible for enrollment have applied .
The average benefit amount for individuals was $ 124 per month in 2009 .
Participants can use these benefits to purchase food items , as well as seeds and plants that produce food .
Benefits cannot be used for nonfood items , alcohol , tobacco , pet food or supplements .
Despite commonly held beliefs about the program , figures show that every tax dollar spent on food stamps will generate about $ 1.80 in economic activity , due to what is known as the " ripple effect . "
Local spending of food stamp credit is passed on to employees , distributors and producers in the food supply chain , who in turn continue the spending cycle .
Sources : Supplemental Nutrition Assistance ProgramWholesome Wave " Boost in Food - Stamp Funding Percolates Through Economy " The Wall Street Journal " Food miles " WikipediaJeremiah
Smith is a licensed and practicing pharmacist with a strong interest in nutrition and natural medicine .
He is driven by a thirst for knowledge and a passion for helping others achieve optimal health .
Smith writes articles on a range of topics related to wellness .
You can visit his website at ( http://www.anewvision.info/
This is a fun piece of shell I thought I ’d share .
For gnome - doc - tool , I need to convert file paths into URLs and back .
That means urlencoding and urldecoding them .
I searched around and found a few solutions , mostly using a few dozen lines of awk .
Now , I ’ve been known to write some crazy stuff in awk ( like an RNG compact syntax parser ) , but this seemed like too much work for a simple problem .
Then I remembered printf ( 1 ) .
It can do all the work of converting characters into hex byte representations and back .
All you need to write is a loop to iterate over the string .
# This is important to make sure string manipulation is handled
# byte - by - byte .
export LANG=C
urlencode ( ) {
arg = " $ 1 "
i= " 0 "
while [ " $ i " - lt $ {#arg} ] ; do
c=${arg : $i:1}
if echo " $ c " | grep -q ' [ a - zA - Z /: _\.\-]' ; then
echo -n " $ c "
else
echo -n " % "
printf " % X " " ' $ c ' "
fi
i=$ (( i+1 ) )
done
}
urldecode ( ) {
arg = " $ 1 "
i= " 0 "
while [ " $ i " - lt $ {#arg} ] ; do
c0=${arg : $i:1}
if [ " x$ c0 " = " x % " ] ; then
c1=${arg : $(( i+1 ) ) :1}
c2=${arg : $(( i+2 ) ) :1}
printf " \x$c1 $ c2 "
i=$ (( i+3 ) )
else
echo -n " $ c0 "
i=$ (( i+1 ) )
fi
done
}
That ’s it .
If you use these functions on potentially garbage input , you might want to add some error checking .
In particular , the decoder should probably check that there are two more characters , and that they are valid hex digits .
Artist Bio
Ronald Kurniawan graduated with honors from Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California .
Inspired by ideograms , syllables , letterforms , beasts and heroic landscapes , he slowly but surely continues to create a visual language where the wilderness and civilization could merge happily together .
With the belief that the sublime and nuclear age could coexist , he paints romantic environments and breaks the quiet scene with juxtaposed imagery taking the shape of icons and letterforms .
He currently lives and works in Los Angeles where he paints meticulously and happily accompanied by his pug Ruffles , an avid artist himself .
Ronald Kurniawan ’s Website
Women ' too busy ' to go for cancer screenings
Cervical screening saves about 4,500 lives every year Practical reasons could be more significant than emotional ones in explaining why many women miss cervical cancer screenings , a study suggests .
It had been thought emotional factors - such as embarrassment or fear - were largely to blame for low take - up rates .
But a Journal of Medical Screening study found women who said they rarely or never voted in elections were more likely to be overdue for screening .
And researchers say the women could simply be too busy for either activity .
The team , from the charity Cancer Research UK , found the association was strongest in women aged 26 - 44 .
Cervical screening saves about 4,500 lives every year .
In terms of the correlation between voting and screening attendance , it may be that as both activities require a degree of organisation , women who do not manage to vote because of busy lives may also be unlikely to attend screening
Dr Jo Waller
Cancer Research UK Researcher Dr Jo Waller said : " With uptake of cervical screening in England still much lower than we would like , these findings suggest that overcoming practical barriers may be the most important factor in maximising cervical screening uptake .
" These results are encouraging .
In the past , it was thought that emotional factors such as concern about embarrassment and pain were the best predictors .
Minimising practical difficulties is a more achievable goal .
" In terms of the correlation between voting and screening attendance , it may be that as both activities require a degree of organisation , women who do not manage to vote because of busy lives may also be unlikely to attend screening . "
Practical
The researchers suggest that measures to minimise practical difficulties , such as evening and weekend clinics , could have a significant effect .
A separate US study , published in the same journal , suggests the more children living in a household , the lower the cancer screening attendance in adults from that household .
The researchers suggest that parents could have less time to attend screenings and prioritise the needs of their children above their own .
Professor Julietta Patnick , director of the NHS Cancer Screening programmes , said : " We have been concerned for some time about falling acceptance rates for screening , particularly amongst certain groups in society , such as women under 35 and the over 55s .
" This study helps us understand what the issue might be and will be useful for us in addressing the issues . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Mark Savage
BBC News entertainment reporter
Jackson is producing The Hobbit , Tintin , and a remake of The Dam Busters Steven Spielberg 's Tintin film is in the can , but it will take two years for the computer animation to be completed , producer Peter Jackson has said .
The Lord Of The Rings director told the BBC : " Tintin is great .
It 's made .
The movie is cut together and now [ we ] are turning it into a fully - rendered film " .
" So the movie , to some degree , exists in a very rough state . "
The director is in London for the Royal gala premiere of his latest film , The Lovely Bones , on Tuesday night .
Based on Alice Sebold 's best - selling novel , the movie is told from the perspective of a murdered teenage girl who reaches out to her family from the afterlife .
Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall will attend the premiere alongside stars Saoirse Ronan , Susan Sarandon and Mark Wahlberg .
The film was originally supposed to be released in March 2008 , but will now hit cinemas in January - prompting speculation that film company Paramount has Oscar hopes for the drama .
Hobbit 3D ?
Jackson has already won three Academy Awards in 2004 for the final Lord Of The Rings film , The Return Of The King .
He is currently revisiting JRR Tolkien 's world by adapting The Hobbit for the big screen , although he has handed over directorial duties to Guillermo Del Toro .
Jamie Bell 's performances were motion captured for the Tintin film
The project is currently in pre-production , and Jackson said he had been scouting for locations in New Zealand immediately before travelling to London .
He stressed that there would be continuity between his films and Del Toro's , despite the latter being better known for macabre material like Pan 's Labyrinth .
" We 're writing the screenplays with him , so in terms of the script , there is continuity , " he said .
" We 're writing Ian McKellen 's dialogue just the same as we did in Lord Of The Rings .
But Guillermo , being the director , will obviously take the script and interpret that and shoot his film .
So that 'll be interesting to see .
" That 's actually the reason I wanted him to do it .
I felt like I 'd be trying to compete with myself and deliberately do things differently , which is not the way I want to work .
I want it to be natural . "
Unlike Tintin , he revealed , The Hobbit will not be filmed in 3D , despite the current vogue for the technology in the movie industry .
" Guillermo wants to shoot in 35 mm , old - fashioned film , " Jackson said , " which suits me , because he wants to keep it in the same space as the original trilogy " .
But Jackson gave a cautious welcome to 3D , saying it " only adds to the experience " of watching a movie .
" The only thing I get annoyed about is the image being a little dull .
" It does feel like you 're looking at the movie with sunglasses on .
But literally , that could just be about getting brighter bulbs in the projectors . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
forget carbon fibre or special metal alloys , this japanese sports car manufactured by sada - kenbi is made from wood .
also known as maniwa , this special car was hand built by wood craftsmen and is actually legal to drive in japan .
the car can accelerate up to 80 km / h and is for sale at a bargain price of 44,000 USD .
it also features a motorcycle - like handlebar steering system , gull wing doors and even has a stereo .
it seats one driver up front on a wooden seat and has a wood bench behind for up to two passengers .
the designers even made a pedal - power version for kids
http://www.sadakenbi.com/maniwa.html
via spgra
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Dear Annie : Late last year , the software company where I worked as a full - time webmaster had to lay people off , but they kept some of us on as independent contractors .
My boss offered me a deal where I would be doing the exact same job as before , only paid by the hour instead of on salary , with no benefits .
When I agreed to this , I was so relieved not to be unemployed that I accepted , even though there was nothing in writing .
But now I 'm starting to wonder if I made a mistake .
For one thing , I 'm expected to be on call at all hours of the day and night , but I do n't get paid for being on call , only for the 40 hours a week that I 'm in the office .
( I did n't get paid for overtime before either , but I was a salaried employee then , with benefits , etc . )
Is this legal ?
- Dazed and Confused
Dear Confused : Oh , dear .
This is complicated .
First of all , if you are truly an independent contractor and not an employee , then you are legally entitled to whatever is in your contract , period .
Since you do n't have anything in writing , whatever you agreed to in that conversation with your boss is what you get .
( Oral contracts are legally binding . )
If overtime was overlooked , and you feel you are eligible for it now that you are compensated by the hour instead of on salary , then by all means sit down with your boss and discuss it .
But be aware that you are wading into a quagmire .
For one thing , a fog of confusion surrounds the whole issue of who is entitled to overtime pay and who is n't - even among regular employees , many of whom have been working extra hours since the economy went south .
" More and more employees lately are asking about payroll issues , especially overtime , " says Dan Nash , a Washington , D.C. , partner in Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld .
It does n't help that employers often are confused too about where to draw the line between " exempt " ( from overtime ) and " non-exempt " ( hourly , entitled to overtime pay ) under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) and a welter of similar , but not identical , state laws .
In general , employees are considered exempt from overtime if they earn a salary and if their primary duties are executive , defined in part as managing two or more full - time employees ; or if they are salaried administrators who exercise " discretion and independent judgment " in important business matters , the FLSA says ; or if they are salaried professionals , a designation that covers people like lawyers with advanced degrees but is also a bit of a catchall , in that salaried " creative " people ( artists , writers ) also fall into this category .
As webmaster , some of your duties may qualify for overtime exemption while others may not .
On top of that , your claim to overtime for being " on call " would be iffy even supposing you were a full - time employee .
" One issue here is , what is work ? " says John Robinson , head of the employment law practice at Fowler White Boggs in Tampa .
" The technology is way ahead of the law . "
If you are expected to be reachable by phone at all times , but you can still go to a movie , for example , you 're less likely to be legally viewed as " working " than if you were required to stay in the office after hours .
" Many companies see the on - call issue as analogous to a firefighter 's job , " Robinson says .
" Most of the time , a firefighter is off - duty but on call , hanging around the firehouse , cooking , sleeping , or whatever .
What that person really gets paid for is the relatively small , but crucial , amount of time he spends walking into a burning building with an ax .
A webmaster , likewise , has slow times and busy times .
Should he be compensated for the times when he is available but not busy ?
The Department of Labor has n't ruled on that . "
Now add to all this the fact that you are classified as an independent contractor , even though you still put in 40 hours a week at the office and your job duties are the same as before you got laid off .
The Internal Revenue Service frowns on this .
In fact , the IRS has announced it will audit 6,000 randomly selected employers starting in February , looking for " contractors " who are actually employees .
This will be the first such widespread crackdown since 1984 , when the IRS said employers had misclassified 3.4 million workers , costing the Treasury $ 1.6 billion in payroll taxes that year alone .
If you are being misclassified , your current deal may be in jeopardy :
The tax folks could insist that the company either put you back on the regular payroll or sack you .
Of course , your firm might opt for the former , but why take chances ?
Here 's what you should do :
First , talk to your boss and ask to have your current arrangement spelled out in writing .
To protect both you and the company in the event of an IRS audit , make sure the written contract spells out exactly how your work differs - even if not by much - from what you did as a full - time employee .
For instance , if you used to be in charge of hiring and firing in your department , and now you 're not , the contract should say that .
While you 're at it , since the company evidently wants to keep you around ( or they'd have laid you off along with your former co-workers ) , see if you can appeal to your boss 's sense of fairness and work out a provision that extends your hourly wage beyond your usual 40 .
Your case will be stronger if you limit your request to those hours when you are actually working , not just on call .
It will also help if you have a written record of exactly how many hours you 've been putting in without pay .
Make sure a lawyer ( the company 's or your own ) looks the agreement over to make sure nothing in it runs afoul of IRS rules about who is a contractor and who is n't .
Good luck .
Talkback : Should employees get extra pay for being on call ?
Tell us on Facebook , below .
The menorah was lighted and Hebrew prayers chanted , while the officer watched from a distance with his dog .
He figured he would let it all go down and then move in when the ceremony was done .
The dog sat at attention , watching the ceremony with a peculiar expression on its face , a look of intense interest .
When the ceremony was over , the officer approached the Hasidic rabbi .
“ I ’m Officer John Fosket of the Helena Police , ” he said .
“ This is Miky , our security dog .
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions ? ”
Miky , pronounced Mikey , is in a Diaspora of his own .
He was born in an animal shelter in Holland and shipped as a puppy to Israel , where he was trained by the Israeli Defense Forces to sniff out explosives .
Then one day , Miky got a plane ticket to America .
Rather than spend the standard $ 20,000 on a bomb dog , the Helena Police Department had shopped around and discovered that it could import a surplus bomb dog from the Israeli forces for the price of the flight .
So Miky came to his new home in Helena , to join the police force .
The problem , the officer explained , was that Miky had been trained entirely in Hebrew .
When Officer Fosket got Miky , he was handed a list of a dozen Hebrew commands and expressions , like “ Hi ’ sha’ er ” ( stay ! ) , Ch’pess ( search ! ) , and “ Kelev tov ” ( good doggy ) .
He made flashcards and tried practicing with Miky .
But poor
Miky did n’t respond .
Officer Fosket ( who is not Jewish ) suspected he was n’t pronouncing the words properly .
He tried a Hebrew instructional audio - book from the local library , but no luck .
The dog did n’t always understand what he was being ordered to do .
Or maybe Miky was just using his owner ’s bad pronunciation as an excuse to ignore him .
Either way , the policeman needed a rabbi .
And now he had found one .
They worked through a few pronunciations , and the rabbi , Chaim Bruk , is now on call to work with Miky and his owner as needed .
Officer Fosket has since learned to pronounce the tricky Israeli “ ch ” sound , and Miky has become a new star on the police force .
The two were even brought in by the Secret Service to work a recent presidential visit .
So the majority of girls are n’t whizzes when it comes to technology .
If you are , all the power to ya .
Can you fix my iPod ?
But no matter if we are clueless ( “ which end of the charger goes into the wall ? ” ) or tech savvy , we all have one thing in common : we ’re girls .
And with that comes the need to accessorize , decorate and carry around gadgets that match our outfits .
So instead of running around campus with boring gray accessories , why not add some excitement to the tech side of your life with cute , girly gadgets ?
Hey , it might even help you down the road .
When your computer crashes , the fact that it ’s pink may just stop you from throwing it out the window .
And if it does n’t , well at least you ’ll have a cute padded case to cushion the fall .
Flash Drive :
I can barely remember a pen when I roll out of bed in the morning , let alone the flash drive that has my essay saved on it .
Now there ’s no need to place Post - its everywhere I may happen to look ( my shower caddy , my makeup bag , you get the deal ) , because you ca n’t miss this sparkling bracelet hanging in your jewelry box .
Add flair to an outfit and bring your documents with you wherever you may go ?
Done and done .
Keyboard :
Okay perhaps it ’s a little gaudy , but in the privacy of your dorm room , why ca n’t you indulge your inner girly girl ?
Staring at a word document for 6 hours will have you passed out on top of your keyboard , squares imprinted on your cheek , drooling onto the space bar .
It ’s just messy .
A flashy keyboard will put a little excitement back into your homework ( Okay , excitement may be a bit much , but the light from your lamp bouncing off the rhinestones will at least keep your eyes open ) so you can get ‘er done .
Mouse :
After awhile the touch - pad on my MacBook really starts to bother me .
You bump it , it clicks off the page .
You have to hold down control to right click .
You have to use two hands to do anything because you ’re too challenged to maneuver this thing with just one .
It ’s annoying .
And do n’t even get me started on the little ball .
How does anyone ever use that !?
I ’ve had enough and I ’m ready for a real mouse .
But , I do n’t want just any mouse to plug in , I want a cute one .
That sparkles .
Yeah , it ’s pricey , but it ’s also the coolest thing to happen to my computer since , well , I got my computer .
Laptop Sleeves :
Lugging your laptop around campus sucks , but it sucks less if you do it in style .
These sleeves are super cute , come in a variety of colors and are padded to protect your laptop from damage .
( “ Dad , I do n’t know why it wo n’t turn on !
It ’s not like I accidentally drop - kicked it down the stairs or anything … ” )
i Phone and Blackberry cases :
Pretty much everyone has a Blackberry or iPhone these days , and I refuse to be one of the automatons with my handheld glued to my hip .
But I ’m also not willing to give up BBM , so I ’m going to make mine prettier so it stands out from the rest .
Good plan , right ?
These cases are so adorable your phone will be more like an accessory than the addiction it currently is .
Earphones :
How freakin’ cute are these ?
I ’ll take any opportunity I can to spruce up an outfit , and these headphones are like adorable earring !
Plus I ’m hoping the opportunity to sport these on an elliptical will get my ass off the couch .
( Especially when my mom starts sending her fall treats my way . )
So many of the saner people were driven out of the military during the Bush administration , it does n't surprise me that the people left include a lot of the right - wing , racist fringe elements .
Still , it 's shocking to hear this :
DURHAM — The U.S. military is not just fighting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , America ’s most renowned investigative journalist says .
The army is also “ in a war against the White House — and they feel they have Obama boxed in , ” Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter Seymour Hersh told several hundred people in Duke University ’s Page Auditorium on Tuesday night .
“ They think he ’s weak and the wrong color .
Yes , there ’s racism in the Pentagon .
We may not like to think that , but it ’s true and we all know it . ”
In a speech on Obama ’s foreign policy , Hersh , who uncovered the My Lai massacre during the Vietnam War and torture at Abu Ghraib prison during the Iraqi war , said many military leaders want Obama to fail .
“ A lot of people in the Pentagon would like to see him get into trouble , ” he said .
By leaking information that the commanding officer in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , says the war would be lost without an additional 40,000 American troops , top brass have put Obama in a no-win situation , Hersh contended .
“ If he gives them the extra troops they ’re asking for , he loses politically , ” Hersh said .
“ And if he does n’t give them the troops , he also loses politically . ”
The journalist criticized the president for “ letting the military do that , ” and suggested the only way out was for Obama to stand up to them .
“ He ’s either going to let the Pentagon run him or he has to run the Pentagon , ” Hersh said .
If he does n’t , “ this stuff is going to be the ruin of his presidency . ”
Hersh called the “ Af - Pak ” situation — the spreading conflict in Afghanistan and Pakistan — Obama ’s main challenge .
The only way for the U.S. to extricate itself from the conflict , Hersh said , is to negotiate with the Taliban .
“ It ’s the only way out , ” he said .
“ I know that there ’s a lot of discussion in the White House about this now .
A complex world where we have just about any information we want at our fingertips is n’t a world that ’s limited by the answers .
It ’s limited by our ability to ask the right questions .
That may sound like more sophistry from a wannabe mystic , in case you ’re getting tired of my schtick .
But if journalism is about connecting people to their world it seems that the ways it is changing are directly related to the size of the world that people have the ability to connect to .
That might best be handled by changing the entire approach to news .
For me , this all started with an innocent question .
I asked the twtterverse what it takes for someone to get onto teevee .
It started as a curiosity , but I had a purpose .
There are , after all , bobbing heads who seem to make a living dispensing bits of wisdom like so much Pez in the various forms of media .
Could I possibly join that class ?
In no time at all , I was tweeted by extremely nice person who is a producer at a TV station .
In a flurry of messages , he was able to give me some great advice .
Twitter can be a wonderful place to meet people if you ask the right questions , and this was no exception .
This was a great conversation where a very kind person answered every question I had .
I was very glad to meet someone so warm and “ into ” in his craft .
Then , he concluded with something that told me I did n’t ask the right question .
I was told that I have to pitch myself as an “ expert ” on a topic , explaining why and how I was qualified .
Ug .
I thought about what I could possibly say I was an expert in .
I have a degree in Chemical Engineering , so those sorts of topics would be an easy sell .
I have a lot of experience as a community organizer and as a writer , too , so I could push something together on some of those topics .
Things like this rattled around in my head for a few hours until the obvious hit me squarely over the head :
I do n’t believe that “ experts ” are what is needed in the world .
I ca n’t pitch myself as an “ expert ” on anything without feeling I ’ve done something morally wrong .
That may sound extreme , but … Hell , it is extreme .
I admit it , my Taoism is getting the better of me here .
But is n’t the role of news media to provide us with context , not a series of expert opinions ?
Is n’t it more valuable to give people the background that allows them to ask the right questions and the sense of wonder and curiosity that drives them to find the answers for themselves ?
If you look at political commentators who “ make it ” in this field , they are rarely telling you just how things are – they are providing frames for how they want people to see things given their own bent .
The same goes for experts in technical fields , who are most successful when they can provide analogies that stick in the viewers ’ heads long after the program is over .
The topic at hand is always one thing but the context of it , or why people need to care , is another .
My expertise , if I have one , is all about context .
What I write about here is how things are connected in this world , person to person and person to idea .
Ultimately , it ’s all about people and how they can have the information and control that they need to be good citizens of a Democratic Republic with an active free market .
I happen to think that this is not only extremely valuable , but it ’s often terribly missing .
It would be presumptuous and rude for me to tell someone how to do their job , especially someone as kind as my twitter acquaintance .
I have n’t re-joined the conversation with him partly for that reason , but also because I had to think it through for a while .
My bringing it up here in anonymous and cowardly way is my rejoinder , partly because I ’d like to know what you think about it .
It seems to me that this is at the heart of how journalism , particularly on television , is changing .
It ’s only relevant to the extent that it empowers people to ask the right questions by giving them the perspectives that allow them to see their world a little bit differently , not tell them “ The way it is ” any longer .
That may be a bigger change than it appears on the surface .
The first waves of President Obama 's announced " surge " of up to 30,000 more U.S. troops made their way to Afghanistan this month .
The troops will be joined by a smaller but important " civilian surge " , bumping the number of U.S. civilians serving one - year tours in Afghanistan up from the current level of 1,000 to 1,300 within the next six months .
The civilians will be tasked with helping to strengthen and rebuild much Afghanistan 's society , with projects planned in finance , agriculture , health care and much more .
Collected here are images of the country and conflict over the past month , part of an ongoing monthly series on Afghanistan .
( 43 photos total
A website 's terms and conditions are indeed enforceable , even if users were n't forced to actually go to a T&C page at any point in time .
That 's according to the Missouri Court of Appeals , anyway , which has upheld a previous ruling in a lawsuit that brought into question the enforceability of ServiceMagic 's Terms of Use .
Still , one of the judges made clear that only reasonable terms would be upheld — no jumping on one foot while spinning plates for you .
For those unfamiliar with ServiceMagic , it 's a site that provides free referrals to " screened and approved " professionals for all manner of home contracting work .
One user named Victoria Major chose to use ServiceMagic to find a contractor for her home projects and was eventually referred to someone in her area .
Surprise !
She became dissatisfied with their work and chose to sue the contractors as well as ServiceMagic from her home state of Missouri .
The problem arose when ServiceMagic moved to have Major 's lawsuit dismissed on the grounds that all lawsuits against the company must be filed in Denver , Colorado .
As it turns out , this clause was buried in ServiceMagic 's Terms of Use , a page on its site that was linked on various pages but not technologically required for users to read before submitting a request for a referral .
( This is a somewhat controversial practice known as a " browserwrap " or " clickwrap . " )
Indeed , Major admitted that she never read the Terms of Use and the case was dismissed .
Major appealed , and the appeals court upheld the decision .
The court said that , unlike a similar case from 2002 over Netscape 's terms and conditions , ServiceMagic made the link to its Terms of Use accessible and " immediately visible , " even if the user is n't forced to read through them .
As a result , Major was still bound by the agreement despite her choice not to click on it .
This is not the first time a court has upheld browserwrap or clickwrap agreements .
In August of 2009 , a district court in Illinois came to the same conclusion in a case between two companies , and of course there 's the 2005 case over Dell 's clickwrapped EULA ( which also went in favor of Dell ) .
However , the visual location of the terms definitely plays a part in these judges ' decisions ; another browserwrap case against Overstock.com from 2009 went in favor of the user due to the fact that Overstock 's terms were not prominently displayed and there was no way to ensure that the user had any idea it was there .
It 's looking more and more like browser / clickwrapped terms and conditions are indeed enforceable , so long as the user is adequately notified of their existence .
One appeals judge in the ServiceMagic case , however , made a point of saying that they upheld the clause because forum selection ( the location where the lawsuit had to be filed ) was not an unconscionable request , and that less - reasonable requests would not necessarily get the same ruling .
" I do not want our opinion to indicate that consumers assent to any buried term that a website may provide simply by using the website or clicking ' I agree , ' " wrote Judge Nancy Rahmeyer .
This campaign poster has been printed in 16’x24 ’ and 24’x32 ’ formats .
It came on a yellow background bright enough for your riding lampposts and mail boxes to become true eye catchers .
On this page you can download a PDF file that can be printed on " legalize " ( 8.5 x 14 ) paper for your own use .
Recycling Waste Bins
Recycling waste bins
Here at Slingsby , we pride ourselves on providing our customers with genuine quality and affordability .
That 's why people keep coming back to us time and time again - because they know that at Slingsby , they 'll find the variety and value that they just would n't be able to find anywhere else .
Our selection of recycling waste bins is no exception , and you 'll find the kind of outstanding quality and choice you 've come to expect from Slingsby .
Our 10 - litre kitchen caddy is ergonomic and stylish , ideal for segregating kitchen food waste for central or home composting .
Its tapered shape makes it ideal for storing in small spaces and it can fit snugly under the kitchen sink .
Alternatively , there are our 40 - litre square recycling containers , which are ideal for waste disposal and can co-ordinate perfectly with your wider office environment .
Our 120 - litre wheeled bin with spherical bottom has the perfect shape for easy cleaning , as well as being both robust and durable .
Slingsby goes to great lengths to ensure our customers get the kind of value and quality we 've become synonymous with over the years .
To find out more about what we have to offer , simply take a look at our range of recycling waste bins .
Maybe the little guy is safe .
Maybe he went ... around back ?
In any event , this senseless celestial murder was captured by SOHO today .
The dirty deed gets done toward the end , coming from left to right .
[ Tom's Astronomy Blog ]
Advertisement
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , December 30 , 2009
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials have admitted that a second man possibly carrying explosives was detained after last week ’s aborted plane bombing attack , contradicting initial statements by the FBI that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was the only person arrested or charged in relation to Friday ’s foiled attack .
As we reported yesterday , attorney and Flight 253 eyewitness Kurt Haskell said that he saw a well - dressed Indian man aid the accused bomber to board the plane despite the fact that he had no passport and was on a terror watch list .
After the incident , while the passengers were being detained , Haskell witnessed an Indian man being handcuffed and led away after a bomb - sniffing dog had flagged up his luggage .
The FBI then removed the other passengers from the area , strongly indicating that explosive materials had been found in the man ’s bag .
Officials have now been forced to acknowledge that a second man was detained despite initial FBI denials after two more witnesses came forward to validate Haskell ’s account .
“ Daniel Huisinga of Fairview , Tenn. , who was returning from an internship in Kenya for the holidays , says he also saw a man being taken away in handcuffs at the airport after a dog search .
A third person , Roey Rosenblith , told The Huffington Post on Sunday that he saw a man in a suit being placed into handcuffs and escorted out , as well , ” reports Michigan Live .
“ Huisinga talked about seeing a man taken away at the airport during an interview Monday on MSNBC .
He mentions it at about the 1:25 mark of the video below .
The reporter appears to confuse Huisinga ’s account with a man who was detained on a separate flight Sunday and deemed not to be a threat . ”
Huisinga later told Michigan Live that the Indian man who was later detained by the FBI after dogs had detected something suspicious in his baggage was “ wearing a nice suit , ” raising questions as to whether this was the same man who helped Abdulmutallab board the plane .
Huisinga was located about 20 feet from where the man was handcuffed .
Huisinga shared Haskell ’s view that the passengers were moved because more explosives had been discovered , adding that agents told the passengers that they could not use their cell phones or computers .
“ We were kind of left to draw our own conclusions , ” he said .
“ It is unknown why the person was detained or whether the person will face any charges , ” U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Ron Smith told MLive.com .
The FBI is still denying that a second person was detained in relation to the incident , raising suspicions as to whether the well - dressed Indian man is being protected by the authorities and for what reason .
“ There ’s a lot of stories out there , whether any of them are accurate or not , or they ’re a little bit accurate and blown out of proportion , ” FBI spokesman Bill Carter said .
“ But I ’m not aware of anyone charged or arrested other than Abdulmutallab . ”
MLive.com writers attempted to contact the U.S. Department of Justice for clarification , but their calls have not been returned .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
What 's Wrong With JavaEE 6 ?
Members of the Java Community Process ( JCP ) voted to approve the JavaEE 6 specification this week , concluding two years of discussions and development .
Yet even after JCP members ' approval for JSR - 316 , the Java Specification Request ( JSR ) that defines the new Java spec , the release still has its detractors .
Work on JSR - 316 began in 2007 with a vote to start the engineering work that would formalize the final specification .
The end result , JavaEE 6 , introduces a number of new constructs to Java .
Among those additions is the concept of profiles , which is intended to help make Java easier to use and more lightweight .
Still , critics contend that developers want an even lighter - weight Java framework .
" There are moves in the right direction , such as the profile concept , but overall we 're disappointed , " JCP member and Spring Founder Rod Johnson told InternetNews.com .
" We do n't think it followed up on the initial goals that we had endorsed .
Once more , we see unproven technologies being rushed into the platform , despite abundant proof that attempts to innovate by committee do n't work .
The smallest profile still contains more than most developers choose to use . "
Johnson 's disfavor with JavaEE 6 is not new .
Johnson 's company SpringSource develops the Spring lightweight Java framework as well as providing commercial support for the popular Apache Tomcat server .
VMware acquired SpringSource earlier this year .
On the other hand , there is Red Hat .
The Linux vendor is in favor of JavaEE 6 even though it sees use cases where a more lightweight Java approach , like the one taken by Tomcat , makes sense .
" With Tomcat , what you find is people end up building their own application server on top of Tomcat -- as their app grows in sophistication , they need to add transactions , caching , high availability , " Rich Sharples , Red Hat 's director of middleware product management , told InternetNews.com .
" Not everyone wants or has the expertise to maintain their own application server infrastructure . "
For Sharples , the JavaEE 6 profiles approach is somewhere between simple Tomcat and a full - blown JavaEE .
" It will avoid people starting with the lowest common denominator -- Tomcat -- and building capabilities up from there , " he said .
" I personally think the Web Profile is going to be very compelling for a very broad range of workloads . "
Red Hat plans on having a JavaEE 6 - compliant community release ready by mid-2010 , after which a commercial enterprise release would follow .
The company has n't been waiting for the EE 6 specification to be finalized , however .
Sharples noted that Red Hat already include some of the EE 6 features in its current JBoss Enterprise release .
Likewise , Java leader Sun Microsystems has had some JavaEE 6 features on the market for over a year as well , courtesy of its GlassFish Enterprise Server v3 Prelude release .
Even Spring 's Johnson said his company would support some JavaEE 6 components .
" We will continue to do what we 've always done and embrace good technologies , " Johnson said .
" Spring Framework also already implements the new JSR - 330 specification for dependency injection .
We 'll continue to integrate with a variety of Java EE technologies that benefit our community , although we do n't feel equally enthusiastic about all the parts of EE . "
The heft of the new framework is n't the only JavaEE development issue about which Johnson and others have voiced concerns .
There 's also the JCP itself .
Johnson said he would like to see a more open process , which some are optimistic could happen following Oracle 's pending purchase of Sun , which now leads JCP governance .
Oracle has been trying to complete its acquisition of Sun for much of 2009 .
" The future of the JCP partly depends on what happens to Sun , " Johnson said .
" But it 's important to make a difference between ' enterprise Java ' and Java EE .
Enterprise Java is very healthy and much broader than the Java EE specifications . "
Johnson reiterated the fact that many Java production deployments today are on Tomcat , which is not a full JavaEE implementation .
From a big - picture perspective , Johnson now sees the industry at an inflection point .
" By the time another version of EE is released , the Java landscape will be different from the present scenario in which applications tend to be written to work with relational databases inside an enterprise , " Johnson said .
" We 're seeing more different data stores , and increasing cloud deployment .
It 's no longer about trying to get right the familiar problems we 've been working with for the last 10 years , but enabling new architectures . "
Bugatti only built and delivered a couple hundred $ 1.5 million - and - up Veyrons and there 's only a handful in California .
So when Conan O'Brien trotted out the Bugatti Veyron Mouse on last night 's Tonight Show , we wondered : where 'd he get it ?
UPDATED !
Advertisement
In case you missed the most recent salvo in the " Late Night Wars , " Conan decided to stick it to NBC where it hurts the most — Jeff Zucker 's wallet .
Advertisement
" For the rest of the week , we 're going to introduce new comedy bits that are n't so much funny as they are crazy expensive , " he said just before revealing what appeared to be a $ 1.5 million Bugatti Veyron , dressed up to look like a mouse , with an original recording of " Satisfaction " by the Rolling Stones playing in the background .
" Let me ask you a question , " he says , standing next to the adorably convincing - looking Bugatti Veyron mouse .
" Is this appropriate music for a car that looks like a mouse ?
No !
Does it add anything at all to this comedy bit ?
No , it does n't !
Is it crazy expensive to play on the air , not to mention the rights to re-air this clip on the Internet ? "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The first possibility is the blue - on - black Bugatti Veyron for sale right now at O'Gara Coach Company of Beverly Hills .
As you can see in the photo below it has a similar paint job and wheels , but as much as we can tell from the video the Veyron Mouse has a dark interior whereas the Veyron for sale has a tan one .
Because of the lighting we can't be for sure but it does n't look tan .
Advertisement
How many blue - and - black Veyrons are there in Southern California ?
There 's at least one more and it resides at the Petersen Automotive Museum and , according to some , it used to belong to Bob Petersen himself and has the darker interior .
But , frankly , we 've no idea .
Hell , it could have even been a facsimile Veyron .
Any reader out there know ?
Leave us a comment here or send us an e-mail at tips - at - jalopnik - dot - com .
Advertisement
UPDATE : NBC , already hemorrhaging money over the late night shuffle and , you know , anything else Jeff Zucker 's touched ( including Top Gear USA ! ) , has pulled the Bugatti Veyron sketch from NBC.com and Hulu .
Probably because it'd be crazy expensive for them to run it !
Advertisement
UPDATE 3 : It turns out the second theory was right all along , Conan 's Veyron Mouse was loaned to the show by the Petersen Museum as confirmed by them to Jalopnik today .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : O'Gara Coach , TCL
The controversial West End Markets are no more .
Sydney - based Blue Sky Events , which was awarded the Brisbane City Council licence to run the markets in April amid a wave of controversy , has announced the popular venue would now be known as the Davies Park Market .
Blue Sky's Ross Alexander said he believed the new name was a " natural fit " .
" It is one of the many unofficial names that locals have coined over the years , " he said .
Other key changes to come into effect from January 16 next year will be a reconfiguration of the market layout and the relocation of a number of stalls .
Justice Alito mouths ' not true '
POLITICO 's Kasie Hunt , who 's in the House chamber , reports that Justice Samuel Alito mouthed the words " not true " when President Barack Obama criticized the Supreme Court 's campaign finance decision .
" Last week , the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests — including foreign corporations — to spend without limit in our elections , " Obama said .
" Well I do n’t think American elections should be bankrolled by America ’s most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities .
They should be decided by the American people , and that ’s why I ’m urging Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps to right this wrong . "
The shot of the black - robed Supreme Court justices , stone - faced , was priceless .
Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) stood up behind the justices and clapped vigorously while Alito shook his head and quietly mouthed his discontent .
Schumer and Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md ) are trying to find a way to legislate around the Supreme Court decision .
" All you have to do is read the dissent , the four justices who said this will defintely open the floodgates to big corporate special interests .
Anybody who thinks that 's not true is out of touch with the American political process . "
Van Hollen said .
Van Hollen told POLITICO he expects to unveil the package in the next 10 days to two weeks .
Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y. ) was glad the president called out the Supreme Court .
" He [ Alito ] deserved to be criticized , if he did n't like it he can mouth whatever they want , " Weiner said .
" These Supreme Court justices sometimes forget that we live in the real world .
They got a real world reminder tonight , if you make a boneheaded decision , someone 's going to call you out on it . "
But one conservative legal expert took sides with Alito -- at least on the substance of Obama 's comments .
“ The President ’s swipe at the Supreme Court was a breach of decorum , and represents the worst of Washington politics — scapegoating ‘ special interest ’ bogeymen for all that ails Washington in attempt to silence the diverse range of speakers in our democracy , ” said Bradley A. Smith , chairman of the Center for Competitive Politics , in The Corner blog on Nationalreview.com .
Tags
My order at my favorite Chinese takeout was taking too long .
I stopped into the men's room .
There I witnessed a common scene : the modern toilet disaster .
An otherwise clean business had a restroom calamity on its hands , one so grim that I hesitate to describe it .
The conjectural history is not difficult to reconstruct .
The toilet apparently had trouble flushing .
There was a plunger by the toilet , of course , as we see everywhere today .
The toilet was plunged to get rid of the obstruction , while the obstruction itself spilled all over the floor and stuck to the plunger too .
The customer probably left the ghastly scene in a rush .
Management knew nothing .
But now customers were coming and going into this bathroom , surely losing all inspiration to eat or order food .
It would be easy to blame the restaurant owners .
What is with these people and why can't they at least have a clean restroom ?
But reacting this way would be unjust .
The hidden hand behind this unsanitary calamity is the US government .
The true origin of the mess was not in the hour before I arrived but back in 1994 , after Congress passed the Energy Policy Act ( passed in 1992 ) .
This act , passed during an environmentalist hysteria , mandated that all toilets sold in the United States use no more than 1.6 gallons of water per flush .
This was a devastating setback in the progress of civilization .
The conventional toilet in the US ranges from 3.5 gallons to 5 gallons .
The new law was enforced with fines and imprisonment .
For years , there was a vibrant black market for Canadian toilet tanks and a profitable smuggling operation in effect .
This seems either to have subsided or to have gone so far underground that it does n't make the news .
I 've searched the web in vain for evidence of any 3.5 or 5.0 gallon toilet tanks for sale through normal channels .
I wonder what one of these fetches in the black market .
This possible source has no prices and an uncertain locale .
The toilet manufacturers , meanwhile , are all touting their latest patented innovations as a reason for the reduced hysteria surrounding the toilet disaster .
I suspect something different .
We have all gotten used to a reduced standard of living — just as the people living in the Soviet Union became accustomed to cold apartments , long bread lines , and poor dental care .
There is nothing about our standard of living that is intrinsic to our sense of how things ought to be .
Let enough time pass and people forget things .
So let us remember way back when :
Toilets did not need plungers next to them , and thank goodness .
Used plungers are nasty , disease carrying , and filthy .
It does n't matter how cute the manufacturer tries to make them or in how many colors you can buy them .
In the old days , you would never have one exposed for guests .
It was kept out in the garage for the rare occasion when someone threw a ham or something stranger down the toilet .
Toilet paper was super thick and getting thicker .
None of this one - ply nonsense .
You never had any doubt about the capacity of the toilet to flush completely , with only one pull of the handle .
The toilet stayed clean thanks to five gallons of rushing water pouring through it after each flush .
These were great cultural and civilizational achievements .
In a state of nature , the problem of human waste and what to do about it is persistent .
Do the wrong thing and you spread disease and misery .
Indoor plumbing since the time of the ancient world has been a sign of prosperity and human well - being .
Indoor toilets that flow into a sewer have been around since 1500 B.C. , but every new settlement of people in a new area presents the problem anew .
In rural America , indoor toilets were n't common until the 1930s .
That today everyone assumes them to be part of life is a testament to the creative power of economic progress .
What we have in these regulations passed since the 1990s is therefore a step backwards from a central aspiration of mankind to dispose of human waste in the best possible way .
We have here an instance of government having forced society into a lower stage of existence .
Government has reduced us as people to the point that we either have to enter the black market to get good sewage or come to terms with living amidst periodic spreading of human waste all over our domestic and commercial environment .
Again , this is wholly unnecessary .
Capitalism achieved something spectacular in waste disposal .
Government came along and took it away from us .
That 's the story in a nutshell .
Today , every toilet company touts its latest innovations to overcome the problem .
There are high - pressure blasters that run off electricity , designed to force a paltry 1.6 gallons of water through fast enough to make the difference .
They are shockingly loud and scary .
There are new shapes of tanks and new flow mechanisms that are said to compensate for the calamity , but this works only some of the time .
Each of these innovations is patented — meaning that a successful project cannot be copied and improved by other companies .
So even if these are improvements , their distribution is limited and the successful aspects of them are not extended by others , for fear of patent lawsuits .
The entire market is hobbled .
The result is an entire society of poorly working toilets and a life of adjustment to the omnipresence of human feces , all in a short 15 years .
Thanks so much , Congress !
Of course the environmentalists are in on the whole project .
They started telling us back in the 1970s that our large tanks were sheer waste .
We should put bricks in them to save and conserve .
If you did n't have a brick in your toilet , you were considered irresponsible and a social misfit .
Eventually of course the brick became , in effect , a mandate , and finally toilets were reduced to one third of their previous size .
Back then , it was just assumed that toilet manufacturers cared nothing at all about wasting water .
Surely there was no rationale at all for why they consumed five gallons per flush as opposed to 1.6 gallons .
This is just capitalist excess and down with it !
Well , think again : there was wisdom in those old designs .
The environmentalists did n't account for the present reality in which people typically flush twice , three times , or even four times during a single toilet event .
Whether or not this ends up using more or less in the long run is entirely an empirical question , but let us just suppose that the new microtanks do indeed save water .
In the same way , letting people die of infections conserves antibiotics , not brushing teeth conserves toothpaste , and not using anesthesia during surgery conserves needles and syringes .
Here is the truth that environmentalists do not face : Sometimes conserving is not a good idea .
There are some life activities that cry out for the expenditure of resources , even in the most generous possible way .
I would count waste disposal as one of those .
It is also possible that some people just like to get their kicks out of spreading misery and making it impossible for us to enjoy a clean and prosperous life .
Like Puritans of old , they see virtue in suffering and would like to see ever more of it .
It sounds perverse , but such an ethos does exist .
And clearly , government does n't care in the slightest .
There are many tragedies associated with the toilet calamity .
There are private embarrassments at guest houses and disgust at every turn .
Many of the customers at that Chinese takeout probably blame the owners , who themselves are probably mystified as to why toilets in communist China probably worked just fine but in capitalist America are throwing filth all over their restaurant .
It 's the hidden hand of government that has mandated this leap back to barbarism .
It 's that time of the year when Indian magazines publish sex surveys mapping the carnal capabilities of a billion people .
It has become an annual ritual of sorts : the magazines presume that since India is changing rapidly , the sexual habits of its people must be following suit .
I love the way the surveys are packaged .
One , this year , calls itself the Beta Male Special .
Others have been called The Naked Truth , Sex and the Single Woman and the more prosaic What Men Want .
I also love the questions and the answer options .
" What was your first time like ? " asked a survey last year .
" Mind blowing , terrible or do n't remember ? "
We were relieved to learn that , for the overwhelming majority , it was " mind blowing " .
Who says Indians are prudish about sex ?
The certitudes on sexual behaviour in these surveys would put Gay Talese to shame .
One showed a " more sexually carnivorous urban Indian willing to break taboos and batter boundaries " .
But , it moaned : " The appetite is clearly greater than the menu " .
Phew .
A recent one says that in 2009 , Indian males have suddenly become more gender sensitive and turned into Beta Males , whatever that means .
" Not the dominating , growling , impatient bedroom partner but a clever young man , quickly aroused and usually satiated .
He now understands that sex , like anger , politics or the handling of a TV remote control needs some strategy , some fair play , " says the survey .
Sounds like Neanderthal man has finally grown up into a sexual savant of sorts .
I still do n't know how the Indian male is " strategising " through the minefield of amour and sex because the magazine never told me .
I look forward to clues in next year 's survey , unless Indian man slips back into Neanderthal mode again .
But what I love most is the heart of the survey : the cold statistics .
Some 47 % of respondents in the Punjabi city of Ludhiana , famous for its hosiery and cycle - making , say they have committed adultery .
In Nagpur 25 % of men apparently prefer one - night stands .
In historic Lucknow , 32 % of men are sexually attracted to Westernised women " with an independent attitude " .
Some 37 % of men belonging to Le Corbusier 's noveau riche Chandigarh and 26 % from crummy Patna say they masturbate because it helps to relieve stress .
My favourite : one survey rated Hyderabad the kinkiest Indian city - 45 % of respondents approved of kinky ways to woo their spouses and partners .
The last I heard about the city , a battle - weary politician demanding a separate state had ended a hunger strike , and there was a political crisis going on .
Anything kinky about that ?
Of course , sex surveys have a mystery about them , so there is no explanation for these bizarre ' findings ' .
Do n't ask frivolous questions about why Nagpur men prefer one - night stands , while Mumbai men love long - term relationships .
And before I leave , did you know that 72 % of women in Mumbai and 83 % of women in Chennai say they are more likely to kiss a shaved man ?
Do n't ask me why .
But if you live in either city , you might want to get rid of that moustache and stubble .
Fast .
KUZUMAKI , Japan —
Regardless of Copenhagen , if Japan is to realize its ambitious cuts in greenhouse gases to 25 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 , more of its towns and cities will need to look like Kuzumaki .
This isolated , sprawling town of dairy farms and vineyards in Iwate prefecture is the unlikely setting for country ’s boldest experiment with renewable energy .
While its 8,000 residents endure winter temperatures as low as - 25 degrees Celsius , Kuzumaki , perched in the highlands 500 kilometers north of Tokyo , is perfectly placed to undergo a carbon detox in a country that is heavily dependent on nuclear power and Middle East oil .
Evidence of Kuzumaki ’s ecological credentials is everywhere , from its 15 wind turbines to the 420 solar panels that supply a quarter of the local junior high school ’s electricity .
Even the cattle have been enlisted .
At Kuzumaki Highland Farm , 13 tons of manure , created every day by 200 dairy cows , are mixed with scraps from a nearby restaurant and turned into liquid fertilizer and methane gas for an electrical generator in the town ’s biomass facility .
Wood chips from local trees are used to power milk and cheese production and to make smokeless bark pellets for stoves and boilers installed in homes , a residential facility for the elderly and its winery .
Kuzumaki ’s success has n’t come cheap , however .
It relies heavily on government subsidies ; residents receive half of the 100,000 yen it costs to install a boiler in their home , while those that use solar panels receive subsidies for each kilowatt of energy generated .
Its low - carbon project stretches back to the late 1990s when the then - mayor , Tetsuo Nakamura , spotted that potential clean energy , forestry and dairy farming had to save the town from financial collapse .
Blighted by poor communications , freezing winters and a heavy dependence on cattle farming , Kuzumaki has suffered from the same population decline that threatens many other rural communities in Japan .
And so the Kuzumaki Town New Energy Vision was born .
A decade on , it has generated a thriving eco- tourist industry , a food self - sufficiency rate of 200 percent ( compared with just 1 percent in Tokyo ) and an ever - shrinking carbon footprint .
The number of wind turbines has grown to 15 , with wind power now generating 22,200 kilowatts , far more than the town ’s 2,900 households need , while forests , which cover 86 percent of the town , are being expanded to suck up CO2 .
The result has been an impressive dent in Kuzumaki ’s carbon output , from 39,000 tons of CO2 a decade ago to just 6,000 tons .
In 2007 , renewables provided 161 percent of its energy needs ; in a good year , when the winds are strong , that can rise to 185 percent , a higher level of energy self - sufficiency than any comparably sized town .
Officials say their success in proving that even the remotest mountain community can live sustainably has made it the envy of towns and villages throughout Japan .
“ We have hundreds of groups coming every year to look at our facilities , ” said Haruyuki Yoshizawa of the local agriculture , forestry , environment and energy department .
“ They share our vision , but that ’s usually as far as it goes — a vision .
“ No one else in Japan is combining wind , solar and biomass the way we are .
Even if they wanted to it would be difficult .
The power companies do n’t want to invest in things like biomass .
And as former government entities they still have a huge influence over energy policy . ”
Japan ’s enthusiasm for renewables remains lukewarm , despite a claim this week by the Global Wind Energy Council that wind power alone can help developed nations achieve as much as 65 percent of the cuts pledged by 2020 .
According to the council , Japan did not even rank in the top 10 of countries in wind power capacity last year .
While the U.S. added 8.3 gigawatts in new wind power capacity in 2008 , Japan , installed just 346 megawatts .
And while global wind power generation in Asia is expected to triple over the next five years , the bulk of that growth will be seen in China , not Japan .
Campaigners accept that geographical factors mean it will be difficult to replicate Kuzumaki ’s clean energy initiative on a grand scale , but add that the biggest obstacle to investment in clean energy is political .
Japan ’s established power companies are desperate to keep independent energy producers out of their regional fiefdoms , said Noriaki Yamashita , a senior researcher at the Institute for Sustainable Energy in Tokyo .
“ Kuzumaki is a shining example of what is possible , but it is difficult to adapt to other areas because of resistance from the utilities , ” he said .
“ Even if , like Tokyo , they ca n’t create their own clean energy , it should be possible for cities to buy in surplus electricity , heat and fuel from rural areas .
They ca n’t produce , but they can buy .
“ But the power companies are only interested in intensive production through nuclear and gas - and coal - fired power stations , which they see as more reliable .
There is no interest in exchanging electricity between regional companies , and I ca n’t see that mindset changing . ”
In the meantime , Kuzumaki ’s wind turbines will keep turning , driving a bold environmental experiment in a town that risked sinking into obscurity without it .
The town office says there is scope for as many as 80 wind turbines atop the Kamisodegawa Highlands , but the harsh financial climate , coupled with falling oil prices and an apparent addiction to nuclear power , means no one is sure when they will be built .
That does n’t seem to bother Yoshizawa , whose town welcomed more than half a million visitors last year , up from 60,000 when the wind turbines appeared about a decade ago .
“ They do n’t just come to eat our delicious ice cream , ” he said .
“ They come to see what a clean energy revolution really looks like . ”
On March 9 , 2009 , President Obama issued a directive on scientific integrity ( see this ( .pdf file ) , in which he said :
" The public must be able to trust the science and scientific process informing public policy decisions .
Political officials should not suppress or alter scientific or technological findings and conclusions . "
In late November Catherine Pierce , Acting Director of the Office on Violence Against Women published a memo ( see note here ) in which she suppressed all information about victimization of males and all information about perpetration of domestic violence by females .
Pierce 's memo was the subject of RADAR's Dec. 2 , 2009 press release .
In his directive , President Obama also said :
For those of you who were lucky enough to attend the Google conference today , or were watching the live video feeds / blogs and paid attention during the Q & A section you heard some great news !
Once 2.1 is open source everyone will get a piece of the newest version / action that for now is only found on the Nexus One .
Andy Rubin ’s response to a question by Jason Chen during the Q & A :
Q : Why was it necessary for Google to design the phone ?
Why could n’t it just be an HTC phone running the new flavor of Android ?
And will these new features be coming to Droid ?
A : It ’s inaccurate to say Google designed the phone ( points to HTC CEO ) .
[ Google ] is just merchandising it online .
Everybody will get 2.1 when it ’s open source , within a couple of days .
[ via Gizmodo ]
Others can now rejoice as the goodies shown in the Press Gathering from today will be soon making it to their favorite Android device !
Hooray !
After years of third - stringing it , Sony 's beleaguered PS3 may finally be rallying , according to sales data cited on Sony 's US PlayStation blog .
The company 's American division reports year - over - year October hardware sales lifted nearly 70 percent , and says its online PlayStation storefront clinched record revenues , with downloads up 60 percent over the same period last year .
SCEA claims some 650 million pieces of content have been downloaded worldwide , though - - just weighing in here -- that 's really more of a talking point figure , since it mixes ' free ' with ' paid - for ' content .
It 's one of these ' dazzling ' numbers arrived at by jackhammering a slab of data into the tiniest possible fragments , a bit like claiming the PSP Go has ' 16,000 pieces of downloadable content '-- technically accurate , but mostly comprised of the 13,300 individual TV episodes available .
The more salient sum would be ' 31 million ' , which is how many registered PSN accounts Sony 's laying claim to globally ( the company says 5.4 million of those sign on every day ) .
Even that number 's a bit misleading , however , since a snap look at Sony 's global PS3 sales reveals there are n't that many systems in the wild .
How to account for the overage ?
Factor the PSP , Sony's PlayStation portable , which plugs into the same online service .
Sony 's moved over 50 million PSPs to date , so if we scribble down a rough global estimate of around 80 million PS3s and PSPs combined , ' 31 million registered accounts ' amounts to slightly more than one - third of the total online PlayStation brand .
How many belong to either platform is down to guesstimating , since allocation percentiles are unknown .
By comparison , Microsoft claims " more than 20 million " Xbox LIVE members , but can also count " Gold " membership revenue ( an undisclosed percent of total LIVE membership ) .
Both companies make money on content downloads , but only Microsoft 's collecting dollars at the gate .
SCEA says its year - over - year PS3 uplift makes it " the only console to experience significant growth year over year . "
That 's true , but it riffs on the system 's acutely sluggish performance for most of 2008 .
Contrast with NPD 's monthly reminders that Microsoft 's Xbox 360 was the only system to experience year - to - date gains during the six - month slump that preceded recent game biz rebounds .
Sony 's doing well , in other words , but -- no surprises here -- how well has to do with what you emphasize ( or in this case de-emphasize ) .
Sony continues to focus on year - over - year growth , while Microsoft highlights year - to - date resiliency .
In actuality , it 's impossible to say who 's outperforming whom , since hardware costs , online software sales , brand totals , and demographic specifics are kept tightly under wraps .
Follow me on Twitter @game_on
Chances for a so - called “ public option ” — under which the government would set up competitors to private health insurers — appear to be dimming .
With recent hard - edged comments by Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) , who avers that he will vote to filibuster any bill that contains a public - run health insurer , moderates have been meeting to hammer out a deal .
And a new alternative , according to Politico , has emerged .
ADVERTISEMENT
Under the Democrats ’ new plan , the government would create a national health insurance plan similar to those offered federal employees .
It would replace the so - called “ opt- out ” version of the public option advocated by Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) .
“ Seems to me it would be in lieu of the public option , ” Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - FL ) — a public option opponent and former insurance executive — is quoted as saying .
He added that Reid ’s “ opt - out ” idea “ is no longer being talked about . ”
The plan would be run by the Office of Personnel Management , which currently manages the federal plan offered to members of Congress .
All of the insurance plans would be offered by not - for - profit private healthcare companies .
A Democratic aide quoted by Politico suggested that the new proposal could be used to sway progressives , who might be “ tricked ” into believing that a government plan run by private companies was a public option .
“ The proposal under consideration can be said to provide access to the same type of insurance plans that members of Congress and federal employees get .
People think of that as government health insurance ; progressives could portray this in the same vein , ” a Democratic Senate aide was quoted as saying .
“ But moderates can simultaneously point to the fact that the government is n’t the payer and say competition was enhanced without growing the government . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Even so , the opt - out public option probably would n’t have been a public option after all , even though it would have been more damaging to insurance company ’s bottom lines .
In October , the Washington Post reported that the public option was likely to be managed by private insurers .
“ The public option would effectively be just another insurance plan offered on the open market , ” the paper said .
“ It would likely be administered by a private insurance provider , charging premiums and copayments like any other policy .
In an early estimate of the House bill , the Congressional Budget Office forecast that fewer than 12 million people would buy insurance through the government plan . ”
OnLive promises nothing less than the moon and the stars : the service wants to stream games to you via your laptop or lower - end computer on their own proprietary hardware .
We 've seen tech demos and speeches at shows , but how does it work in practice ?
Ryan Shrout , from the website PC Perspective , had the fine luck to have access to the beta , and he has shared his thoughts with the world .
No surprise : lag is an issue , as are graphics .
Running the games was just as easy on the system as promised .
" You are seeing OnLive running Burnout : Paradise on my local system using just under 60 MB of memory and anywhere from 4 - 7 percent of the CPU power , " Shrout wrote .
" My system is running on a Core i7 - 860 so that is a bit lower than the total system consumption you 'll see on slower systems , but that is obviously much lower CPU horsepower than would be required to play these types of games locally . "
In terms of bandwidth , the system was using around 1 Mb/s .
The games were running at 1280 by 720 , and the expected issues became reality .
" The input lag on UT3 was so noticeably bad with the mouse and keyboard that I would call [ the ] game simply unplayable .
I often found myself overshooting the mouse movement by half a screen , moving well past my intended target because the cursor did n't stop when I did . "
The problem was n't nearly as bad when played with an Xbox 360 controller , but Shrout found the graphics were sharper when played locally .
The graphics are n't anything to phone home about , the lag was noticeable , and the resolution was n't set very high .
When something sounds too good to be true ... that 's usually a hint about the final product .
Of course , there is one large gotcha here : " I first have to admit that I do n't actually have a beta account with the OnLive service ; instead a friend of a friend of a friend passed to me their login information after I requested it in order to write a preview of the technology .
Why is this a note - worthy point to make ?
There is a chance that OnLive is only selecting beta members that are on ISPs close to their current data centers and as I live outside that area that could affect my experiences with cloud - based gaming . "
So there is that aspect to the writeup .
Be sure to read the whole writeup for all the details .
And now an honest question : is anyone surprised ?
Miscellaneous Chris McLaughlin’s Showreel
We publish a HD Video from this Scottish Artist as a Good Composition Process Sample
The software used includes SideFX Houdini , Cinema 4D , Shake , Nuke , PFTrack and Adobe Photoshop .
He has nearly ten years experience using computer graphics software .
Prior to studying at Bournemouth , he worked for many years in architectural visualisation .
According to Chris , " My background has given me a good 3D grounding and my studies allowed to me to focus on raising the level of photorealism in my work " .
This showreel featuring his work was completed while he was studying for a Masters Degree in Digital Effects at Bournemouth University , Dorset UK .
The software used includes SideFX Houdini , Cinema 4D , Shake , Nuke , PFTrack and Adobe Photoshop .
He has nearly ten years experience using computer graphics software .
Prior to studying at Bournemouth , he worked for many years in architectural visualisation .
According to Chris , " My background has given me a good 3D grounding and my studies allowed to me to focus on raising the level of photorealism in my work " .
Image and Video Courtesy of Chris McLaughlin
Views : 2,029 | : 2,029 | Refers : 0 | Prints : 156 | Rate : 0.00 / 0 Votes Posts : 0 ]
This article by Tom Engelhardt originally appeared at TomDispatch.com
My fellow Americans :
On March 28th , I outlined what I called a " comprehensive , new strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan . "
It was ambitious .
It was also an attempt to fulfill a campaign promise that was heartfelt .
I believed -- and still believe -- that , in invading Iraq , a war this administration is now ending , we took our eye off Afghanistan .
Our well - being and safety , as well as that of the Afghan people , suffered for it .
I suggested then that the situation in Afghanistan was already " perilous . "
I announced that we would be sending 17,000 more American soldiers into that war zone , as well as 4,000 trainers and advisors whose job would be to increase the size of the Afghan security forces so that they could someday take the lead in securing their own country .
There could be no more serious decision for an American president .
Eight months have passed since that day .
This evening , after a comprehensive policy review of our options in that region that has involved commanders in the field , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , National Security Advisor James Jones , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden , top intelligence and State Department officials and key ambassadors , special representative on Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke , and experts from inside and outside this administration , I have a very different kind of announcement to make .
I plan to speak to you tonight with the frankness Americans deserve from their president .
I 've recently noted a number of pundits who suggest that my task here should be to reassure you about Afghanistan .
I do n't agree .
What you need is the unvarnished truth just as it's been given to me .
We all need to face a tough situation , as Americans have done so many times in the past , with our eyes wide open .
It does n't pay for a president or a people to fake it or , for that matter , to kick the can of a difficult decision down the road , especially when the lives of American troops are at stake .
During the presidential campaign I called Afghanistan " the right war . "
Let me say this : with the full information resources of the American presidency at my fingertips , I no longer believe that to be the case .
I know a president is n't supposed to say such things , but he , too , should have the flexibility to change his mind .
In fact , more than most people , it 's important that he do so based on the best information available .
No false pride or political calculation should keep him from that .
And the best information available to me on the situation in Afghanistan is sobering .
It does n't matter whether you are listening to our war commander , General Stanley McChrystal , who , as press reports have indicated , believes that with approximately 80,000 more troops -- which we essentially do n't have available -- there would be a reasonable chance of conducting a successful counterinsurgency war against the Taliban , or our ambassador to that country , Karl Eikenberry , a former general with significant experience there , who believes we should n't send another soldier at present .
All agree on the following seven points :
We have no partner in Afghanistan .
The control of the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai hardly extends beyond the embattled capital of Kabul .
He himself has just been returned to office in a presidential election in which voting fraud on an almost unimaginably large scale was the order of the day .
His administration is believed to have lost all credibility with the Afghan people .
Afghanistan floats in a culture of corruption .
This includes President Karzai's administration up to its highest levels and also the warlords who control various areas and , like the Taliban insurgency , are to some degree dependent for their financing on opium , which the country produces in staggering quantities .
Afghanistan , in fact , is not only a narco - state , but the leading narco - state on the planet .
Despite billions of dollars of American money poured into training the Afghan security forces , the army is notoriously understrength and largely ineffective ; the police forces are riddled with corruption and held in contempt by most of the populace .
The Taliban insurgency is spreading and gaining support largely because the Karzai regime has been so thoroughly discredited , the Afghan police and courts are so ineffective and corrupt , and reconstruction funds so badly misspent .
Under these circumstances , American and NATO forces increasingly look like an army of occupation , and more of them are only likely to solidify this impression .
Al - Qaeda is no longer a significant factor in Afghanistan .
The best intelligence available to me indicates -- and again , whatever their disagreements , all my advisors agree on this -- that there may be perhaps 100 al - Qaeda operatives in Afghanistan and another 300 in neighboring Pakistan .
As I said in March , our goal has been to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al - Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and on this we have , especially recently , been successful .
Osama bin Laden , of course , remains at large , and his terrorist organization is still a danger to us , but not a $ 100 billion - plus danger .
Our war in Afghanistan has become the military equivalent of a massive bail - out of a firm determined to fail .
Simply to send another 40,000 troops to Afghanistan would , my advisors estimate , cost $ 40 - $ 54 billion extra dollars ; eighty thousand troops , more than $ 80 billion .
Sending more trainers and advisors in an effort to double the size of the Afghan security forces , as many have suggested , would cost another estimated $ 10 billion a year .
These figures are over and above the present projected annual costs of the war -- $ 65 billion -- and would ensure that the American people will be spending $ 100 billion a year or more on this war , probably for years to come .
Simply put , this is not money we can afford to squander on a failing war thousands of miles from home .
Our all - volunteer military has for years now shouldered the burden of our two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Even if we were capable of sending 40,000 - 80,000 more troops to Afghanistan , they would without question be servicepeople on their second , third , fourth , or even fifth tours of duty .
A military , even the best in the world , wears down under this sort of stress and pressure .
These seven points have been weighing on my mind over the last weeks as we 've deliberated on the right course to take .
Tonight , in response to the realities of Afghanistan as I 've just described them to you , I 've put aside all the subjects that ordinarily obsess Washington , especially whether an American president can reverse the direction of a war and still have an electoral future .
That 's for the American people , and them alone , to decide .
Given that , let me say as bluntly as I can that I have decided to send no more troops to Afghanistan .
Beyond that , I believe it is in the national interest of the American people that this war , like the Iraq War , be drawn down .
Over time , our troops and resources will be brought home in an orderly fashion , while we ensure that we provide adequate security for the men and women of our Armed Forces .
Ours will be an administration that will stand or fall , as of today , on this essential position : that we ended , rather than extended , two wars .
This will , of course , take time .
But I have already instructed Ambassador Eikenberry and Special Representative Holbrooke to begin discussions , however indirectly , with the Taliban insurgents for a truce in place .
Before year 's end , I plan to call an international conference of interested countries , including key regional partners , to help work out a way to settle this conflict .
I will , in addition , soon announce a schedule for the withdrawal of the first American troops from Afghanistan .
For the counterinsurgency war that we now will not fight , there is already a path laid out .
We walked down that well - mined path once in recent American memory and we know where it leads .
For ending the war in another way , there is no precedent in our recent history and so no path -- only the unknown .
But there is hope .
Let me try to explain .
Recently , comparisons between the Vietnam War and our current conflict in Afghanistan have been legion .
Let me , however , suggest a major difference between the two .
When Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson faced their crises involving sending more troops into Vietnam , they and their advisors had little to rely on in the American record .
They , in a sense , faced the darkness of the unknown as they made their choices .
The same is not true of us .
In the White House , for instance , a number of us have been reading a book on how the U.S. got itself ever more disastrously involved in the Vietnam War .
We have history to guide us here .
We know what happens in counterinsurgency campaigns .
We have the experience of Vietnam as a landmark on the trail behind us .
And if that were n't enough , of course , we have the path to defeat already well cleared by the Russians in their Afghan fiasco of the 1980s , when they had just as many troops in the field as we would have if I had chosen to send those extra 40,000 Americans .
That is the known .
On the other hand , peering down the path of de-escalation , all we can see is darkness .
Nothing like this has been tried before in Washington .
But I firmly believe that this , too , is deeply in the American grain .
American immigrants , as well as slaves , traveled to this country as if into the darkness of the unknown .
Americans have long braved the unknown in all sorts of ways .
To present this more formulaically , if we sent the troops and trainers to Afghanistan , if we increased air strikes and tried to strengthen the Afghan Army , we basically know how things are likely to work out : not well .
The war is likely to spread .
The insurgents , despite many losses , are likely to grow in strength .
Hatred of Americans is likely to increase .
Pakistan is likely to become more destabilized .
If , however , we do n't take such steps and proceed down that other path , we do not know how things will work out in Afghanistan , or how well .
We do not know how things will work out in Pakistan , or how well .
That is hardly surprising , since we do not know what it means to end such a war now .
But we must not be scared .
America will not -- of this , as your president , I am convinced -- be a safer nation if it spends many hundreds of billions of dollars over many years , essentially bankrupting itself and exhausting its military on what looks increasingly like an unwinnable war .
This is not the way to safety , but to national penury -- and I am unwilling to preside over an America heading in that direction .
Let me say again that the unknown path , the path into the wilderness , could n't be more American .
We have always been willing to strike out for ourselves where others would not go .
That , too , is in the best American tradition .
It is , of course , a perilous thing to predict the future , but in the Afghanistan / Pakistan region , war has visibly only spread war .
The beginning of a negotiated peace may have a similarly powerful effect , but in the opposite direction .
It may actually take the wind out of the sails of the insurgents on both sides of the Afghan / Pakistan border .
It may actually encourage forces in both countries with which we might be more comfortable to step to the fore .
Certainly , we will do our best to lead the way with any aid or advice we can offer toward a future peaceful Afghanistan and a future peaceful Pakistan .
In the meantime , I plan to ask Congress to take some of the savings from our two wars winding down and put them into a genuine jobs program for the American people .
The way to safety in our world is , I believe , to secure our borders against those who would harm us , and to put Americans back to work .
With this in mind , next month I 've called for a White House Jobs Summit , which I plan to chair .
And there I will suggest that , as a start , and only as a start , we look at two programs that were not only popular across the political spectrum in the desperate years of the Great Depression , but were remembered fondly long after by those who took part in them -- the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Works Progress Administration .
These basic programs put millions of Americans back to work on public projects that mattered to this nation and saved families , lives , and souls .
We cannot afford a failing war in Afghanistan and a 10.2 % official unemployment rate at home .
We cannot live with two Americas , one for Wall Street and one for everyone else .
This is not the path to American safety .
As president , I retain the right to strike at al - Qaeda or other terrorists who mean us imminent harm , no matter where they may be , including Afghanistan .
I would never deny that there are dangers in the approach I suggest today , but when have Americans ever been averse to danger , or to a challenge either ?
I can not believe we will be now .
It 's time for change .
I know that not all Americans will agree with me and that some will be upset by the approach I am now determined to follow .
I expect anger and debate .
I take full responsibility for whatever may result from this policy departure .
Believe me , the buck stops here , but I am convinced that this is the way forward for our country in war and peace , at home and abroad .
I thank you for your time and attention .
Goodnight and God bless America .
Depth :
Angle :
Additional Branches at each level :
Implemented by Ben Dowling , using JavaScript and Canvas .
j Query UI used for the slider widgets .
See Coderholic for full details .
Prostate cancer is a major killer
One in eight men screened for prostate cancer will test positive when they do not have the disease , a major European trial has shown .
A positive result can mean undergoing invasive tests such as biopsy as well as potentially unnecessary treatment .
Screening with prostate specific antigen ( PSA ) is not routinely offered in the UK but government experts are reviewing evidence from the study .
Cancer Research UK said men should talk about the pros and cons with their GP .
Early data from the European Randomised Study of Screening for Prostate Cancer , which is being conducted in seven countries , showed in March 2009 that deaths could be cut by 20 % .
It is important that men in their 50s and 60s can talk to their doctor about the pros and cons of having a PSA test and only have the test if they feel it is right for them
Professor Peter Johnson
Cancer Research UK
But other recent evidence has cast doubt on the long - term benefits of screening , suggesting some men may end up being " over - treated " for slow - growing disease that would never cause a problem in their lifetime .
Now data from the Finnish part of the European trial has shown that for every eight men screened - tests are being done on a four - yearly basis - one ended up with a false positive result , even with a fairly high PSA threshold .
Those men who tested positive but were later found not to have cancer were twice as likely not to agree to screening in the future even though they were at risk of developing the disease later , the British Journal of Cancer reported .
' Adverse effects '
The researchers have said more research is needed to make screening more accurate and to help pick out those who are most likely to have a true positive result .
SIGNS OF PROSTATE CANCER
Having to rush to the toilet to pass urine Difficulty in passing urine Passing urine more often than usual Pain on passing urine Blood in the urine or semen Study leader , Dr Tuomas Kilpelainen , said : " I do n't think routine screening should be advised until more is known on the adverse effects and costs of screening .
" If a man has urinary tract symptoms and is concerned he could have prostate cancer , the most important thing is to consult a GP or a urologist . "
There is currently no organised screening programme for prostate cancer in the UK but men can request a PSA test if they want and demand is increasing .
Professor Julietta Patnick , director of the NHS Cancer Screening Programmes , said : " While the European trial , of which this Finnish study is a part , showed for the first time that prostate screening with PSA can save lives , it also suggested that 48 men would have to be treated in order to save one life .
" False positives are an issue for any screening programme , and this Finnish paper is very helpful at gaining an understanding of how they might figure in the context of prostate screening . "
Results from both the European trial and a large study being carried out in the US are due this year , Cancer Research UK said .
Professor Peter Johnson , Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , said the paper showed there were " two sides " to using PSA for prostate cancer screening .
" Although for some men detecting prostate cancer early through screening can be life - saving , on the other hand the test will be abnormal for around one man in eight without cancer being detectable at that time .
" For this reason , it is important that men in their 50s and 60s can to talk to their doctor about the pros and cons of having a PSA test and only have the test if they feel it is right for them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
War march fanatic Anjem Choudary runs secret sharia ‘ weddings ’
Admission : Anjem Choudary says he has married more than 1,800 couples throughout Britain in less than ten years
The Muslim extremist planning a march through Wootton Bassett runs a secret sharia court where he marries hundreds of couples – then tells them not to register their weddings .
Anjem Choudary tells them that registering their marriages is forbidden in Islam , as it would be recognition of British law .
But critics said he was leaving women open to abuse , as they could not go to a normal court to escape a violent husband or win their share in a divorce .
Mr Choudary ’s Islam 4 UK group wants to carry 500 coffins through the Wiltshire town to remember Afghans killed by Britain and America .
He styles himself the judge of the UK Sharia Court and principal lecturer of the London School of Sharia and has claimed that he runs a network of Islamic courts in London , Luton , Birmingham , Derby and Leicester .
He claims that he has married more than 1,800 couples across Britain in less than ten years and conducted hundreds of divorces .
He spoke out to Douglas Murray , who has written a research paper on sharia law in the UK for the Charles Douglas Home Memorial Prize .
Mr Choudary , 42 , did not give addresses for any of his sharia courts or his college .
Asked if he told newly - weds to register their weddings , he said : ‘ No .
Because once you ’ve gone down that road of registering the marriage ... you are automatically really saying , “ Look , we are accepting the [ non - Islamic ] system that goes with it ” . ’
Last night women ’s groups and moderate Muslims accused Mr Choudary of giving ‘ dangerous ’ advice to couples .
They said if marriages are not registered , men can take further wives .
Mr Murray said : ‘ There are lots of very vulnerable women who have been deceived by this man .
They are being told not to register their marriages so that they do n’t have any rights as a wife in the eyes of the law in Britain .
‘ The Government must not be frightened by accusations of Islamophobia and political correctness and ensure there is one law followed in Britain . ’
Imam Shahid Raza , one of Britain ’s leading sharia judges , said : ‘ As far as I know , Mr Choudary does not have the right qualifications to qualify as a sharia judge . ’
He said this ‘ could not be condoned ’ .
Mr Choudary , estimated to claim £ 25,000 a year benefits , has written to dead
soldiers ’ families , saying he has ‘ no sympathy for them whatsoever ’ .
This weekend he could not be reached for comment .
GM has announced that it could not close a sale of its Saab division -- and that the division will be shuttered .
General Motors had been negotiating for most of this year with other car companies interested in acquiring the Swedish automaker .
Just last week , GM reached an agreement to sell the tooling for the previous - generation Saab 9 - 3 and the Saab 9 - 5 to China 's BAIC .
GM had negotiated with Swedish supercar maker Koenigsegg to take over the brand , with a $ 500 million loan guarantee to be arranged with Chinese investors and the Swedish government .
Koenigsegg was unable to complete the deal , and GM had until today been in talks with Dutch supercar company Spyker on taking over the Saab name .
" There 's been no shortage of effort in the past 20 years to put Saab on some long - term footing , " a GM executive said , when asked if General Motors had successfully steered the brand in its two decades of ownership .
" For no lack of effort , we 've not been successful . "
Those talks have ended , and General Motors now says it will close the Saab brand in an " orderly " fashion -- leaving an entirely new 2010 Saab 9 - 5 on the table without ever putting it in showrooms , and a stillborn 9 - 4X crossover based on the 2010 Cadillac SRX also falling to the cutting - room floor .
As for the vehicles that had been in the Saab portfolio and product plan , GM executives told High Gear Media this morning there 's no current plan to sell the tooling and intellectual property for the fully developed 2010 Saab 9 - 5 to another car company , though the situation is still under study .
The vehicles in development and the company itself could still find a savior , GM executives suggest , but the wind - down process will go ahead in January .
GM says it will continue to honor all Saab warranties .
General Motors took a 50 - percent stake in Saab in December 1989 - - twenty years ago this month -- and acquired the remaining 50 percent in 2000 .
GM estimates some 3,400 employees worldwide will be affected by the Saab closure , with the majority in the Swedish headquarters in Trollhattan .
-------------------------
The full press release from GM follows :
General Motors announced today that the intended sale of Saab Automobile AB would not be concluded .
After the withdrawal of Koenigsegg Group AB last month , GM had been in discussions with Spyker Cars about its interest in acquiring Saab .
During the due diligence , certain issues arose that both parties believe could not be resolved .
As a result , GM will start an orderly wind - down of Saab operations .
“ Despite the best efforts of all involved , it has become very clear that the due diligence required to complete this complex transaction could not be executed in a reasonable time .
In order to maintain operations , Saab needed a quick resolution , ” said GM Europe President Nick Reilly .
“ We regret that we were not able to complete this transaction with Spyker Cars .
We will work closely with the Saab organization to wind down the business in an orderly and responsible manner .
This is not a bankruptcy or forced liquidation process .
Consequently , we expect Saab to satisfy debts including supplier payments , and to wind down production and the distribution channel in an orderly manner while looking after our customers . ”
Saab will continue to honor warranties , while providing service and spare parts to current Saab owners around the world .
As part of its efforts to become a leaner organization , GM began seeking a buyer for Saab ’s operations in January .
Last week , Saab Automobile AB announced that it had closed on the sale of certain Saab 9 - 3 , current 9 - 5 and powertrain technology and tooling to Beijing Automotive Industry Holdings Co. Ltd. ( BAIC ) .
GM expects today ’s announcement to have no impact on the earlier sale .
As the company continues to reinvent itself , GM has been faced with some very difficult but necessary business decisions .
The focus will remain on the four core brands – Buick , Cadillac , Chevrolet and GMC – and several regional brands , including Opel / Vauxhall in Europe .
This will enable the company to devote more engineering and marketing resources to each brand and model .
Yahoo knew it had been a target to sophisticated Chinese cyber attacks on U.S. corporations before Google alerted the company to them , a source familiar with the matter said , but chose to remain silent after its bigger rival went public .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Yahoo
Inc knew it had been a target to sophisticated Chinese cyber attacks on U.S. corporations before Google alerted the company to them , a source familiar with the matter said , but chose to remain silent after its bigger rival went public .
The two Internet search and email providers had discussed a highly coordinated attack originating in China prior to Google 's high - profile announcement on Tuesday , the person said .
Google said the hackers ' primary goal was to access Gmail accounts of human rights activists , and that at least 20 other large companies had been targeted .
It was unclear whether the attacks on Yahoo were also aimed at grabbing information off emails , or if they had been successful .
Google got in touch with Yahoo " to share knowledge " after determining through its own investigations that Yahoo had also fallen victim to cyber attacks and Yahoo then confirmed to Google it " was already aware of similar issues on their side , " the person said on condition of anonymity .
Yahoo said on Friday it does not generally disclose information about attacks on its systems , but the company takes security very seriously and takes appropriate action in the event of any kind of breach .
Google said it would not comment on specific companies involved .
Google said it would no longer censor its Internet search results in the country , and might even pull out altogether .
Thus far , technology heavyweights like Microsoft Corp , Intel Corp and Cisco Systems Inc have shown little inclination to rock the boat or express solidarity with Google .
Analysts say many foreign multinationals in fact may occasionally bend over backwards to appease Beijing , coveting the vast potential market in what will soon be the world 's second - largest economy .
Since Google reported the attacks , only Adobe Systems Inc , Juniper Networks Inc and Rackspace Hosting Inc have acknowledged experiencing similar incidents .
But the majority of victims have remained silent .
Analysts have said many companies choose not to publicize cyber attacks out of fear of exposing technological vulnerabilities and , in this case , of upsetting business relations with China .
" They do n't want to get any noses out of joint in Beijing , " said Clyde Prestowitz , president of the Washington - based Economic Strategy Institute .
Microsoft , normally keen to discuss business opportunities with the press , is no longer answering basic questions about China and declined to comment on Friday .
Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said Thursday the software giant had no plans to pull out of China .
Microsoft is chiefly interested in getting Beijing to crack down on intellectual property rights , and has no desire to ruffle relations , analysts said .
" I do n't understand how that helps anything .
I do n't understand how that helps us and I do n't understand how that helps China , " Ballmer said .
Most of the company 's software in China is pirated , and effective policing would potentially add billions of dollars in revenues for its Windows and Office software business .
For Yahoo , protecting the personal information of users in China is a particularly touchy subject .
In 2007 , Yahoo outraged human rights activists after accusations that the Internet giant had handed over the mail , data on online activity and Internet addresses of suspected dissidents to Chinese officials .
Though Yahoo eventually settled the lawsuits brought by lawyers acting on behalf of jailed dissidents .
The suit , advanced by the Washington D.C. - based World Organization for Human Rights USA , maintained that Yahoo had benefited financially by working with Chinese authorities .
Yahoo also no longer maintains its own Internet site in China .
In 2005 , Yahoo handed over exclusive rights to the " Yahoo China " brand name and folded its Chinese mail , messaging and other operations into the Alibaba Group , in a $ 1 billion deal that gave Yahoo a 40 percent stake in Alibaba .
( Additional reporting by Bill Rigby in Seattle , editing by Edwin Chan ; editing by Andre Grenon , Bernard Orr )
Sommaire :
Ce jeudi matin , la version en français de l'encyclopédie libre a dépassé 900.000 articles .
Le français est la troisième langue dans Wikipédia , après l'anglais et l'allemand , et devrait atteindre le million d'articles avant la fin de l'année .
Un jour avant le « Wikipedia Day » qui fête la création le 15 janvier 2001 de l'encyclopédie libre , sa version en français a franchi il y a quelques minutes le cap des 900.000 articles .
Au même rythme ( elle a grandi de 120.000 nouveaux articles en moins de dix mois ) , le million devrait être atteint avant la fin de l'année .
La force du wiki est toujours sa relative exhaustivité ( quiconque s'intéresse à un sujet , aussi pointu ou exotique , soit - il , peut créer ou enrichir un article ) et sa réactivité .
L'article sur le tremblement de terre d'Haïti , créé en français hier à 4h10 , existe dans une trentaine de langues – un autre grand atout de Wikipédia est son multilinguisme - et a déjà été modifié près de 200 fois .
publicité
Site parmi les dix plus consultés du monde ( sixième , indique Alexa ) et seul non commercial , Wikipédia voit toujours la fréquentation , et les modifications , grimper en rafale sur ses articles les plus liés à l'actualité .
En juin dernier , les articles sur Michael Jackson avaient ainsi été consultés des millions de fois en quelques jours .
En français , l'article général sur Haïti a vu sa fréquentation doubler le 12 janvier et centupler hier ( il a été vu 2.000 fois mardi et 237.000 fois hier ) .
29 langues dépassent les 100.000 articles
Au total , dans ses 265 langues , dont 29 au - dessus de 100.000 articles , Wikipédia compte ce matin environ 14.774.000 articles .
L'anglais domine largement , avec 3,158 millions d'articles ( mi-août , la première langue de l'encyclopédie avait atteint les 3 millions ) , suivi par l'allemand ( 1,097 million – le million a été atteint le 27 décembre dernier ) .
Le polonais ( 667.000 ) , l'italien , le japonais , le néerlandais , l'espagnol et le portugais arrivent ensuite , tous au - dessus du demi-million d'articles .
Qui sont les contributeurs de Wikipédia ?
Tous ne sont pas enregistrés et beaucoup d'internautes créent un compte pour ne pas ou peu s'en servir par la suite : en français 747.000 comptes ont été créés , pour « seulement » 16.000 qui ont fait au moins une action dans les 30 derniers jours .
« Un miracle d'auto - organisation »
L'encyclopédie a son noyau dur : à eux seuls , les mille contributeurs enregistrés les plus prolifiques représentent un peu moins de la moitié du total des éditions effectuées dans Wikipédia en français , indique cette longue page qui les répertorie .
Contributeurs de passage , occasionnels ou laboureurs de fond , tous contribuent au développement de cette utopie concrète .
Le philosophe Michel Serres a célébré en 2006 dans Wikipédia « un miracle d'auto - organisation » , tandis que pour le créateur des licences Creative Commons , le juriste américain Lawrence Lessig , l'encyclopédie est «le plus important élément » du mouvement de la culture libre .
Elle ne recueille pas seulement une immense audience , mais aussi des dons : fin décembre , la fondation Wikimedia , qui soutient le projet , a obtenu 7,5 millions de dollars , ce qui assure son fonctionnement pour l'année à venir , a expliqué son fondateur Jimmy Wales .
Réalisée en huit semaines , cette collecte a été la plus importante de sa jeune histoire .
Choosing a moving company ?
Relax , let us do it for you !
The Starving Students brand has been relied on by over a million customers since 1973 .
We have a different approach now as we have found that we best serve our customers by selecting the best movers to arrive at your door to move you .
We have a 12 point performance - review based system to do just that !
We no longer operate trucks , nor do we worry about administrative processes .
We only concern ourselves with your moving experience .
Call us now .
Turn your move over to us and you can relax because we have been trusted for over 45 years by over a million customers !
The movers that comes up 1st on a search may be the best at SEO , but they may not be the best movers for you .
Best of all , it costs you nothing .
We will use our experience and expertise to ensure you get the best move at the best value .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
State regulators shuttered Commerce Bank of Southwest Florida in Fort Myers , Fla. , Friday night , bringing the 2009 national tally to 124 .
Customers of Commerce Bank of Southwest Florida bank are protected , however .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which has insured bank deposits since the Great Depression , currently covers customer accounts up to $ 250,000 .
Central Bank in Stillwater , Minn. , will assume all of the failed bank 's $ 76.7 million in deposits , according to the FDIC .
Central Bank also entered into a loss - share agreement with the FDIC on $ 61 million of Commerce Bank 's $ 79.7 million in assets .
The single branch of Commerce Bank will reopen on Monday as a branch of Central Bank .
Customers of the failed bank can access their money over the weekend by writing checks or using ATMs or debit cards .
Checks will continue to be processed , and borrowers should make mortgage and loan payments as usual .
The FDIC also said customers should continue to use their existing branch until they receive notice from Central Bank that the takeover has been completed .
An average of 11 banks have failed per month this year , and the federal coffer is thinning under the massive strain .
The fund now stands below $ 10 billion , down significantly from $ 45 billion a year ago .
Friday 's closure will cost the FDIC an estimated $ 23.6 million .
After factoring in expected closures , the agency says its insurance fund is in the red and will remain there through 2012 .
Over the next four years , the agency expects bank closures will cost $ 100 billion .
The bank failure count for 2009 is still far from 1989 's record high of 534 bank closures which took place during the savings and loan crisis , when the insurance fund also carried a negative balance .
The tally is nearly five times the number that failed in 2008 , and the highest tally since 1992 when 181 banks failed .
by Claude Carpentieri
Millions worldwide have cheered the individual action of Massimo Tartaglia , the man who last Sunday whacked Berlusconi in the teeth .
A divisive , dodgy , inflammatory right - wing Prime Minister got what he deserved , many commented online .
However , two days later , it ’s important to make a cool - headed assessment as to what the blow landed on Berlusconi ’s gob really means in the short to medium terms .
Until Sunday , Berlusconi ’s coalition were showing their biggest cracks since their landslide election victory in April 2008 .
His hacking at the Italian constitution caused a series of unexpected rifts within his own coalition .
By last week , one of his most senior and influential allies , Gianfranco Fini , was all but considered no longer part of Berlusconi ’s coalition .
Most significantly , on Friday , Mr Casini , a former centrist partner of Berlusconi ’s government , called for the formation of a broad ‘ Republican front ’ to finally defeat the billionaire Prime Minister .
And if you also take into account the spectacular sexual scandals that marred the Prime Minister throughout the summer , for the first time in years Silvio Berlusconi looked all but rock steady .
By Sunday evening , however , everything had changed .
They say that agents ’ individual actions do n’t matter when seen against power structures but look in succession at what Massimo Tartaglia ’s smack has done .
Practically every single reluctant ally rejoined the ranks and stood in line at the hospital to bow down before the martyr .
The same with opposition MPs .
Anxious to make it clear that they do n’t condone any violence , they ’re all sitting at Berlusconi ’s bedside mumbling their concerns .
Their hope , presumably , is to escape the fire of accusations directed at opposition politicians and journalists .
“ They have been remote - controlling the violence ” , wrote Il Giornale , a right - wing daily owned by Berlusconi ’s family .
The same concept is now the staple at the table of every single government minister .
“ The opposition turned Berlusconi into an enemy to tear down at all costs ” , was the united voice from the government ’s ranks .
Which is the background against which Berlusconi ’s own Freedom Party announced yesterday they ’re beginning legal proceedings for “ incitement to crime ” against the Prime Minister ’s most outspoken critic , opposition MP Antonio Di Pietro .
Most importantly , however , Home Secretary Roberto Maroni from the far - right Northern League announced this morning that the government is about to table emergency measures to ban all Italian websites and online groups that have been openly cheering Sunday ’s incident .
“ We ’re looking at the technicalities ” , Mr Maroni said “ in order to take down all websites that are echoing what is tantamount to incitement to crime ” .
On similar lines , this morning Italy ’s biggest daily Corriere della Sera , sported an editorial called ‘ The dark side of the web ‘ , blasting “ online hatred ” and calling for the prosecution of those guilty of “ incitement to hatred ” and “ glorifying crime ” .
In short , two broken teeth and a looming crackdown on freedom of speech .
This is what Tartaglia ’s action has achieved .
How long can you concentrate and focus on one thing before your energy and attention begin to falter ?
How long does it take you to engage in a particular thing to make the effort of engagement worth it ?
The answers to those two questions make up ( what I ’m calling ) your engagement threshold , and figuring out your engagement threshold is probably the most important thing you can do to become more consistently creative and productive .
A long time ago , I wrote a post called A General Theory of Productivity , in which I said that one of the components of an effective productivity system is “ ideal time . ”
I ’ve been working with that idea in one form or the other since then , and your ideal time is identical to your engagement threshold .
Your engagement threshold consists of three factors :
How long you can work on one thing
How long it ’ll take you to get something meaningful done A consideration of the particular task at hand
I ’ll explain each of these in sequence .
For most of us during the COVID - 19 pandemic , we need planning that helps us keep momentum when everything else in the world wants to sap our focus .
We need planning that ’s just enough to get the job done , without adding another layer of overwhelm to what we ’re already experiencing .
Our Momentum Planner Cards can help keep you focused on the one or two things you need to get done today or this week , so you can stay motivated , focused and grounded .
Click to learn more about the Momentum Planner Cards .
How Long Can You Work on One Thing ?
This component of your engagement threshold relates to the upper limit of how long you should plan to sink into something .
Let ’s take writing a blog post as an example .
Each post will require a different amount of time to complete , but regardless of that , we each have a gut feel for the longest we’d be able to write before we ’d need to switch to something different under ideal circumstances .
For instance , if you know that the longest you ’d be able to go before you eat something is four hours , then four hours represents the limit of your engagement threshold – your effectiveness will drop dramatically the longer you try to go past four hours .
This component of your engagement threshold gives you that good upper edge when it comes to looking at your time as a container for the things you need to do .
The idea is to look at your daily workflow and to free up as many large blocks of time as you can so that you can do some creative heavy - lifting , but it ’s only part of the information you need to know .
You ’ll also have to answer …
How Much Time Do You Need to Make Meaningful Progress on Something ?
One of the most common themes that have come up from my work with creative folks is that they ’ve chopped their days up into so many incoherent chunks that they resist starting anything because they ca n’t settle into the creative pocket for long enough to make a difference .
In other words , since they ca n’t fully engage with a task , they do n’t engage at all .
Few things are more frustrating to a creative person than to be lit afire with a rich idea and being unable to do anything with it .
A continual pattern of doing this eventually shuts down the creative process and stalling habits develop in the meantime .
You ’re not doing what you want or need to do , but you ca n’t disengage because you ’re on the clock – this state is what I call the “ middle ground . ”
( Note : This is one of two kinds of middle grounds that I talk about .
The other is meaningful play , and that ’s a good middle ground .
This is confusing but also representative of our reality . )
Let ’s return to our previous example of writing .
It ’s hard to do something worthwhile in 30 minutes , so rather than try to engage in writing for 30 minutes , most of us do something else , like check email or fiddle around with our To - Do lists .
If our days were spent just on discrete tasks , it would be one thing , but that ’s not quite the way things work .
There are the discrete tasks that we do and then there ’s the time we spend switching between tasks .
What Really Keeps Us from Engaging
Every time you switch tasks , there ’s a switching cost .
Since this switching cost is intangible , many of us do n’t recognize it – but it ’s real nonetheless and I ’ll show it by making it a bit more tangible .
Let ’s imagine that you ’re a writer who has two different computers , in two separate rooms .
One computer is set up with all of your favorite writing tools but ca n’t connect to the Internet .
The other computer can connect to the Internet but does n’t have your favorite writing tools on it .
Got it ?
Imagine how much time you ’d spend in transition between either writing or doing Internet - related tasks if you switched back and forth every 20 minutes .
Imagine how frustrating it would be if the information you needed for a given task was on a different computer than the one you ’re currently using .
That time and frustration would present very real switching costs that would create a gaping hole in your workflow .
But here ’s the deal : those same costs are present in your cognitive workspace .
Switching contexts from writing to email to Twitter to phone calls to going to the bathroom presents distinct breaks in engagement , and those breaks come with costs .
It ’s like running a marathon where the finish line keeps getting moved in radically different directions , causing you to switchback .
So you might have two hour - long calls , one at 2 pm and one at 4 pm .
At around 1:45 , you ’ll naturally start to disengage from whatever you ’re doing before that 2 pm call , and after that 2 pm call , you might have a hard time engaging in anything until 3:15 .
But you ’ll also disengage at 3:45 for your 4 pm call in the same way .
If your “ work hours ” for the afternoon are 1:00 - 5:30 , you ’ll be hard - pressed to get a lot done that afternoon outside of your calls .
On paper , you have 2.5 hours to get things done , but the reality on the ground is that you have about half of that , and even then it ’s not in a big chunk .
I needed to talk about the idea of switching costs because of its relationship to the lower limit of our engagement threshold .
On paper , our schedules are spacious , but it ’s more common for switching costs to make it such that we do n’t have time to engage in some of the meaningful , bigger projects that we ’d like to advance .
Despite the fact that the time is n’t there , we beat ourselves up like crazy and are both frustrated and unproductive .
Switching costs are also part of why I ’m adamant about asking people why they ’re trying to save time .
If you alter the relaxed quality of your work just to save 30 minutes that do n’t make a real difference to the things you want to do , you ’ve added stress to your day for no effective gain .
As I ’ve said before , the juice is n’t worth the squeeze .
With switching costs covered , we can finally take a look at the last component of your engagement threshold .
Different Activities Have Different Engagement Thresholds
One of the reasons we default to things like email , Twitter , and list - fiddling is because we know we can do something in those contexts .
In 30 minutes , we can process email messages and perhaps go ahead and swallow a frog for the day .
We can poke around on the Internet and maybe catch up with friends on Facebook or Twitter .
What you might not expect me to say is that this is probably the best way to use that time , assuming that they are things that need to be done in the first place .
It ’s far better to plan on doing that stuff during those transition zones than to plan on doing a lot of creative work – it keeps you consistently productive and allows you to use the energy and resources you have to your best ability .
When it comes to creative stuff , though , your engagement threshold will be higher .
This is why it ’s critically important to slot your creative stuff in the times in which you ’re the most productive and stick to doing it then – if you do n’t do it then , you wo n’t do it .
It ’s damn hard to engage in something creative when you know you have only 30 minutes before you ’ll have to start disengaging and moving on to something else .
The problem , of course , is that we slip up and get caught up in paying switching costs associated with the different things that distract us , with the final result being that we never build the inertia we need to on projects , and we settle into the habit of project shuffling .
We get something to a certain point , get distracted externally or internally , and start something else without ever coming back to the first thing .
Your engagement threshold determines how much momentum you can get going on something in any given day , and since you ’re not meeting the minimum of your engagement threshold on creative projects , they do n’t get done .
There ’s a flip side to this , too .
Sometimes people allocate too much time for some of their tasks , when the upper limit of their engagement threshold for those particular tasks is much lower .
There ’s only so long you can stand to do those things you do n’t want to do before you become ineffective or start resisting the hell out of them .
For instance , if you have some difficult calls to make , it probably does n’t serve you well to program a whole afternoon of making those calls ; you ’re less likely to start in the first place and you ’ll probably get only one or two done before you ’ve had enough .
It ’d be better to do something like plan to make one or two calls before you do something you want to do or something that ’s otherwise rewarding – we ’re not above our natures to be motivated to do something difficult because of the reward on the other side .
Better to make one call a day for a week than to schedule five calls for an afternoon that never get made .
One last bit of theory before I wrap this post up .
Engagement Threshold Does Not Equal Flow
It might seem like engagement threshold and flow are one and the same thing , but they ’re not .
You can be engaged in something without being in flow , but you ca n’t be in flow without being engaged .
In that sense , flow is a type of engagement .
As I mentioned in the heatmapping post , you can be insanely productive and effective without being in a hypercreative state – in fact , some of the biggest gains in effectiveness can come from learning to harness the power of the “ engaged but not in flow ” state .
There are two reasons for this : 1 ) this state is more common , and 2 ) with some self - discovery , you can figure out how to get yourself into the near - peak state more easily than you can get into the flow state .
But wait , there ’s more !
The near - peak state happens before and after flow .
If you can consistently get yourself into the near - peak state , you ’ll experience flow more frequently .
And the more you figure out the best things for you to do while in near - peak , the less dependent you ’ll become on having all the magic happen during flow .
Imagine a day in which you spend 2/3 of your time engaged in this way .
How much more would you be able to do with less effort compared to when you ’re engaged for only 1 /5 of your day ?
If your experience is anything like what I ’ve seen in myself and my clients , it ’d be a complete game - changer .
Being consistently productive and creative is a marathon , and incremental improvement sustained over time makes a huge difference .
Where Do We Go from Here ?
Engagement thresholds create an extremely useful constraint for planning your work and reworking your schedule so that you ’re working on the right kinds of activities , at the right time , for the right amount of time .
If you want to jump into application , check out the post on time blocking .
If you ’ve been reading this blog for a while , you can see the general theme of my approach to productivity here : rather than trying to force your work into a system , it ’s far better to have your system be something that helps you work the way you work .
If you know that you need two full hours to fully engage in something , you can allocate two full hours instead of thinking you can do it in four 30 - minute chunks .
The equal quantities of minutes in those two scenarios do not translate to an equal quality of minutes .
You might be uncomfortable with these ideas because , while they ’re fine and good in theory , you think it ’s simply impossible for you to change the way you work for a myriad of reasons .
Over the past couple of years , I ’ve become very familiar with this response , and while I get it , I ’ll also say that many people do n’t think about the time they do have control over .
Sure , your boss or coworkers might hijack your time during the workday , but what keeps you from using your time wisely in the mornings , evenings , and weekends when your boss and coworkers are n’t around ?
Why must you work the same way you work when your kids are at the sitter ’s or asleep as you do when they ’re jumping on your lap ?
One final thought .
Imagine that you were able to make a few changes during the next week that gave you three additional periods of time in which you could meet your engagement threshold on a really important project or two .
How much difference would it make to you to have three more meaningful chunks of something done within the next week ?
It turns out that if you use the two - hour rule to make meaningful progress on your projects , it makes huge differences over time .
Video : Hunting Humboldt squid
The red devil reacts when faced with danger ( Image : Brian J. Skerry / NGS / Getty )
MEXICAN fishing fleets call them diablos rojos , or “ red devils ” – and when Stanford University graduate student Julie Stewart wrestles the first Humboldt squid aboard our research vessel , the Fulmar , in California ’s Monterey Bay , it becomes obvious why .
This beast is angry , and has flashed from white to a deep maroon .
It ’s nearly 1.5 metres long , including the tentacles , which flail in Stewart ’s hair until she can offload the catch into a cooler filled with seawater .
That only gives the squid ammunition , as it can …
THE winner of the so - called " Best Job in the World " has been stung by a potentially deadly jellyfish .
Ben Southall said he had experienced a " crazy 24 hours " after the tiny irukandji struck off the coast of Queensland in Australia .
" I was enjoying a post Christmas jet ski session with some friends at a quiet beach on Hamilton Island , " he wrote on his blog .
" As I climbed off the back of the ski and onto the beach ( I ) felt a small bee - like sting on my forearm . "
" I was feeling pretty hot and sweaty , had a headache and felt pretty sick too with pain in my lower back and a tightness in the chest and a really high blood pressure .
" I had a minor brush with what can be a very serious jellyfish . "
Mr Southall said he was feeling 100 per cent again .
" Horrible incident .
Lesson learnt - always wear a stinger suit . "
Mr Southall is the winner of a competition run by Tourism Queensland to experience the best the Australian state has to offer - and to tell the world about it .
He last updated his blog from Great Keppel Island on the Great Barrier Reef on Sunday .
The news of his experience came as a 38 - year - old man was similarly stung by an irukandji jellyfish in north Queensland .
The man was stung on the hand while swimming off Long Island in the Whitsundays yesterday afternoon .
He was transported to Bowen Hospital then airlifted to Mackay Hospital , where he is now in a stable condition .
Recent incidents have prompted three - time irukandji survivor Anthony Davies to issue a warning about the risk of stingers .
" Fishermen just need to know irukandji can be found anywhere , from a couple of kilometres up a river to eight miles out to sea , " the Brinsmead fisherman told The Cairns Post .
Irukandji are tiny and extremely venomous jellyfish that are found mostly near Australia .
They are roughly no larger than a fingernail of an adult 's little finger .
Read more : http://www.cairns.com.au/article/2009/12/29/85025_local-news.html
- with AAP
A powerful bomb blast killed an Iranian scientist outside his north Tehran home Tuesday , a mystery - shrouded assassination that quickly triggered a round of highly charged accusations with potentially serious political repercussions .
Iran ’s hard - line Islamic government blamed the U.S. , Israel and other Western interests for the death of Massoud Ali-Mohammadi , 50 , saying the Tehran University physicist was killed as part of an effort to slow the nation ’s burgeoning nuclear research program .
Reformist websites and acquaintances , on the other hand , accused hard - liners of killing Ali-Mohammadi as a means of spreading fear on restive campuses that have become hotbeds of anti-government activity .
The charges and countercharges cast a sharp focus on Iran ’s domestic and international travails and are likely to add to the nation ’s volatile political atmosphere .
Advertisement
Iranian news outlets close to the hard - liners rushed to paint the scholar as a supporter of the government , which has forged ahead with nuclear development despite heightened international scrutiny amid allegations that Tehran is seeking to build nuclear weapons .
State television described Ali-Mohammadi as a “ revolutionary university professor martyred in a terrorist operation by counterrevolutionary agents affiliated ” with the West and Israel .
“ I assume that this plot is the beginning of an onslaught against the country ’s scientific capabilities , ” Mohammed Javad Larijani , head of Iran ’s Institute for Studies in Theoretical Physics and Mathematics , told the Tabnak news website .
“ This terrorist act revealed the criminal enemy ’s plans and shows that major plots are being hatched against our country ’s progress , prosperity , dignity and capability . ”
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose disputed reelection victory in June was the catalyst for what have been the largest street protests since the Islamic government took power in the 1979 revolution , also blamed the West .
Advertisement
“ Kidnapping and assassination are scenarios of a joint conspiracy against the nation of Iran , ” said Ahmadinejad , according to the hard - line Fars news agency .
“ On the one hand , the espionage and intelligence agents of the American government kidnap a number of Iranian nationals in third - party countries and transfer them to America , and on the other hand , their treasonous agents inside Iran assassinate an intellectual citizen . ”
White House spokesman Bill Burton called such allegations “ absurd , ” according to a transcript issued by the Obama administration .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev declined to comment on the allegations by Iran , which contends that it is developing nuclear technology for civilian purposes only .
Colleagues and students quickly countered the official line , saying that Ali-Mohammadi was an outspoken critic of the Ahmadinejad government .
As a theoretical physicist , they said , he had little applied nuclear experience .
“ He was not directly involved in nuclear research , ” fellow scientist Ahmad Shirzad wrote Tuesday on his blog .
“ Like many of us , he could give his scientific comments and remarks about nuclear research .
But we can not call him a nuclear scientist . ”
Advertisement
Ali-Mohammadi , colleagues said , was not even employed by Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization , which oversees the country ’s nuclear program .
He did serve , though , as one of two members of the Iranian delegation to the Jordan - based Synchrotron - light for Experimental Science and Applications in the Middle East , or SESAME , a United Nations - backed scientific research center building a particle accelerator with applications in molecular and medical science , according to the organization ’s website .
SESAME comprises nine member governments , including Israel .
Shortly after the slaying was disclosed , the Fars news agency said that a small monarchist group , the Iranian Royalist Society , had claimed responsibility on an obscure website , Takavaran - Tondar.tk .
But the U.S. - based group quickly disavowed responsibility for the attack on its official website , Tondar.org .
The West and Israel have vowed to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons capability and have been trying to persuade Iranians involved in the nuclear program to defect .
Advertisement
Former Deputy Defense Minister Ali Reza Asgari , who allegedly procured components for Iran ’s nuclear program , reportedly defected to the West in 2007 .
And Iran ’s top diplomat last month accused the United States and Saudi Arabia of kidnapping nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri , who worked for Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization , during a summer religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia .
The possibility that Ali-Mohammadi was killed for political reasons could signal a new level of intrigue and possible repercussions .
Iran is in the grip of its greatest domestic crisis since the Islamic Revolution , with political violence escalating .
Iran ’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Saturday demanded that pro-government vigilantes rein in their activities after the assassination of opposition leader Mir-Hossein Mousavi ’s nephew at a December political demonstration and a reported attack on another opposition leader , Mehdi Karroubi , last week .
Some opposition leaders allege that security forces have dispatched hit squads to eliminate outspoken critics .
Shadowy groups close to Iran ’s security apparatus launched a wave of high - profile assassinations against prominent dissidents during the late 1990s in an effort to terrorize a budding reform movement into silence .
Some of the security officials purged after that scandal recently reemerged as proponents of the crackdown against government opponents .
Advertisement
On the other hand , anti-government groups based outside Iran have also engaged in bombings and other violence through the years , including attacks by suspected separatist groups along the country ’s eastern and western borders .
Hard - line news outlets Tuesday described Ali-Mohammadi as a former member of the Revolutionary Guard who was a stalwart supporter of the Islamic Republic .
But the reformist news websites Ayandenews and Rahesabz said Ali-Mohammadi ’s name was on a publicly available list of scholars who had campaigned for Mousavi during his unsuccessful run against Ahmadinejad .
One student wrote on an Iranian blog that Ali-Mohammadi urged his students to take to the streets in anti-government protests , even joining them in minibuses heading to demonstrations .
“ We must face them , ” Ali-Mohammadi was quoted as saying on the blog Green Tunnel .
“ When you get shot , it just hurts at the beginning . ”
Advertisement
A graduate of Tehran ’s Sharif University of Technology , Ali-Mohammadi began teaching quantum physics and electromagnetic theory at Tehran University in 1995 .
He wrote articles on nuclear physics and advised PhD candidates on their dissertations .
Neighbors said Ali-Mohammadi had lived for decades in an old bungalow set amid new multistory apartment buildings on a quiet and leafy side street off Shariati Street in north Tehran .
Iranian news reports say he was leaving for work when the explosion occurred .
Witnesses said the 7:30 a.m. blast shattered windows as far as 300 feet away .
Some officials said the bomb was attached to a motorcycle .
One said it was in a trash bin and set to detonate by remote control .
“ Most probably , the bomb had been fixed to the motorcycle outside Mr. Ali-Mohammadi ’s house and exploded by remote control , ” Fakhreddin Jaarzadeh , a Tehran prosecutor , told the Iranian Students News Agency .
Advertisement
Photographs showed a body covered in a beige - and - maroon blanket lying next to a charred Peugeot sedan .
Two people were injured and a car was set ablaze , witnesses and news reports said .
“ I was at breakfast , and our glass breakfast table shattered , ” said one neighbor , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Iranian officials said forensic experts were conducting postmortem examinations but that no suspects had been arrested .
Advertisement
daragahi@latimes.com
Mostaghim is a special correspondent .
Times staff writer Edmund Sanders in Jerusalem contributed to this report .
Revealed :
The nursery of 30 baby solar systems captured by Hubble
Advertisement
It looks like a beautiful watercolour painting , but this picture reveals a collection of 30 baby solar systems bursting into life in the Orion Nebula .
The images present stars in various stages of development and can offer scientists a better understanding of how the early universe evolved .
Dr Robert Massey from the British Astronomical Society said : ' If we could turn the clock back this is probably how our Sun would have looked like 4,500 billion years ago . '
Out of this world : A collection of 30 baby solar systems bursting into life in the Orion Nebula
The stunning images were captured by the Hubble Telescope , which is run by Nasa and the European Space Agency .
The highly sensitive observatory orbits Earth and is the only one able to take such detailed pictures in visible light as opposed to using infra-red or X - rays .
Hubble trained its cameras on Orion - a local stellar nursery just 1,500 light years from Earth ( one light year equates to 5.8 trillion miles ) in what is the longest single project dedicated to the subject of star and planet formation .
Visible to the naked eye , Orion was discovered by the 17th century French astronomer and intellectual Nicolas - Claude Fabri de Peiresc .
The nebula is filled with dust and gas and researchers believe they gradually form clouds .
The theory is these grow in size until they collapse which in turn creates a star .
The Orion Nebula is home to tens of what could be fledgling planetary systems .
In this image , six of these modest ' smudges ' with big potential are highlighted
French astronomer and intellectual Nicolas - Claude Fabri de Peiresc , who discovered Orion Nebula
These new Hubble images found modest blobs surrounding the baby stars that are thought to be young solar systems in the making .
As these stars emerge from the nebula 's mixture of gas and dust , protoplanetary discs , known as proplyds , spin around them .
These proplyds attract other bits of dust and clump together and eventually these form planets , so scientists believe .
Although Nasa has released 30 images , Hubble has found more than 150 proplyds inside the Orion nebula with 42 discovered in the most recent survey .
The sheer number suggests the formation of star systems is fairly common in our universe .
Researchers have also identified two different types of proplyds in Orion - glowing ones heated by the brightest star in the cluster ( called Theta 1 Orionis C ) , and dark silhouettes that lie further away and receive less energetic radiation .
Astronomers are paying special attention to the darker discs as they are easier to study because the dust that surrounds them absorbs background light .
A series of bizarre boomerang shapes or arrows were also spotted by scientists .
These are sculpted when the stellar wind that blows off
Theta 1 collides with gas within the nebula .
As these stars emerge from the nebula 's mixture of gas and dust , protoplanetary discs , known as proplyds , spin around them .
These are the shapes seen around the bright centre of these images
The highly sensitive observatory orbits Earth and is the only one able to take such detailed pictures in visible light as opposed to using infra-red or X - rays
01 Oct 2020
Oops we can't find this permalink , maybe it was too old !
... presumably to see how many fun loving Aussies they can get so swim with an inflatable thong !
Credit : GETTY
Obama Ordered U.S. Military Strike on Yemen Terrorists Cruise missiles hit suspected al Qaeda sites in big escalation of U.S. efforts .
 --
On orders from President Barack Obama , the U.S. military launched cruise missiles early Thursday against two suspected al - Qaeda sites in Yemen , administration officials told ABC News in a report broadcast on ABC World News with Charles Gibson .
One of the targeted sites was a suspected al Qaeda training camp north of the capitol , Sanaa , and the second target was a location where officials said " an imminent attack against a U.S. asset was being planned . "
The Yemen attacks by the U.S. military represent a major escalation of the Obama administration 's campaign against al Qaeda .
In his speech about added troops for Afghanistan earlier this month , President Obama made a brief reference to Yemen , saying , " Where al Qaeda and its allies attempt to establish a foothold -- whether in Somalia or Yemen or elsewhere -- they must be confronted by growing pressure and strong partnerships . "
Until tonight , American officials had hedged about any U.S. role in the strikes against Yemen and news reports from Yemen attributed the attacks to the Yemen Air Force .
President Obama placed a call after the strikes to " congratulate " the President of Yemen , Ali Abdallah Salih , on his efforts against al Qaeda , according to White House officials .
A Yemeni official at the country 's embassy in Washington insisted to ABC News Friday that the Thursday attacks were " planned and executed " by the Yemen government and police .
Along with the two U.S. cruise missile attacks , Yemen security forces carried out raids in three separate locations .
As many as 120 people were killed in the three raids , according to reports from Yemen , and opposition leaders said many of the dead were innocent civilians .
American officials said the missile strikes were intended to disrupt a growing threat from the al Qaeda branch in Yemen , which claims to coordinate terror attacks against neighboring Saudi Arabia .
The al Qaeda presence in Yemen has been steadily growing in the last two years .
" Al Qaeda generally has been pushed into these ungoverned areas , whether it is the Afghanistan - Pakistan border area [ or Yemen ] , " said Richard Barrett , coordinator of the U.N. 's Taliban al - Qaeda Sancitions Monitoring Committee .
" I think many of the key people have moved to Yemen . "
The U.S. embassy was attacked by suspected al Qaeda gunmen last year .
And the presumed leader of al Qaeda in Yemen , Qaaim al - Raymi , has frequently appeared on internet videos , offering an alternative to the training camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
" If they can go to Yemen just as easily or easier and get training there and come out again , " said Barrett , " all your efforts in Pakistan and Afghanistan are a waste of time . "
Qaaim al - Raymi was considered a prime target of the attack Thursday but was reported to have escaped the attack .
However , U.S. officials believe one of his top deputies may have been killed .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
I 'm not your damn breeding machine !
[ Jan. 5th , 2010 | 05:32 pm ] wtf ?
that 's sexist !
wtf_sexism
[ saciel ]
Hi
First a few things about myself : I 'm a female student at an university in Germany , I 've got an degree in in religion science and am doing another right now in sinology .
I recently ( =decembre ) turned 23 and I would like to acknowledge that already having an degree in my age is very unusual .
I do n't say this to show off , but because it matters in this case .
Let me introduce you to the german education system :
From latest 4 - 5/ 6 you go to a kindergarten
From 6-10 /12 you go to a primary school
from 11 /12 you go to a secondary school and if you want to study you go
from 15/16-18/19 to the state 2 secondary school / gymnasium ( = grammar school / college )
Only two years ago the state 2 was shortened to two years instead of three and it is still a disaster .
Now we 've got brandnew Bachelor / Master systems which are failing everywhere but that 's not the topic .
It just means that you have to study three years ( usually four , nontheless ) to a degree that is almost entirely worthless ( because BA is n't recognized in the industry , only some sciences can use it in any way ) and two years to a normal degree .
It 's even longer than before , but Magister also took ~ 5 years .
The point of this elaboration ?
Well , as a student I 've got a special discount insurance which made me pay ~ 64 € per month , which is still a good deal .
Now I 've got a letter from my insurance company , as got many of my female commilitones of the same age .
It states the following :
Dear Miss Saciel ,
the Child Consideration Law intends that persons who did n't prove parentship have to pay a added premium from the month after the fulfilment of 23rd year of one 's life [...]
...
If you have fulfilled being a parent please send evidence [...]
I have to pay 67 € per month now .
Okay , it 's not that much more but still :
WTF , I 'm being punished for not pooping out babies ?
At 23 ?!?!!
That means I 'm being punished for not becoming an unemployed , tax - living mom ?
1 . As you see at the education system , if you are n't dropped out with 16 and roughly are out of traineeship , you do n't have a fucking living standard .
There is no way I COULD finance a child at the moment even if I wanted to have one by now .
It is not even usual to be married at such an young age in Germany .
If you are n't rich to begin with and somewhat conservative to be early married , no high education absolvent would be able to support a child at 23 .
2 . The economy is n't well now , even people who theoretically are job - cabable by now at age 23 have rarely an secure job , because young persons are the first to be fired if the company is n't well , they have the lowest security .
3 . The politcs are permanently screaming for a ) academics b) higher trained personal c ) better educated children d) more elite children and e ) constantly moaning that children of unemployed people are too many and at the same time not supported enough ( because the new Hartz IV hardly leaves enough to live from if you are not a single ) .
Also , none of the male commiltones at 23 have got that letter by now , I do n't know if it even counts for both sexes , but if , they surely think females have to be reminded first that they belong to the fucking kitchen and should stop trying to learn and find a job an poop out children , damned .
* fumes *
COSTA MESA
A woman was taken into custody after her Lincoln Aviator traveled through a fence bordering the Fairview Road onramp to the northbound 405 freeway , according to the California Highway Patrol .
CHP officer Denise Quesada said the woman may have been getting onto the freeway when she veered off of the roadway and into the fence .
The woman hit the car - pool entrance light , knocked it over , and went through a fence away from the freeway .
She was taken into custody and any charges are unknown at the moment , Quesada said .
No other vehicles were involved .
So you ’ve finally done it .
You waited for the best airline deal you could find and booked a vacation to Tokyo , Japan .
After the 15 + hour flight and walking through the densely populated streets you find yourself in awe of the Buddhist temple known as Asakusa Kannon or Sensoji .
Then you wander around the skyscraper district and find the hotels that were used in the movie “ Lost in Translation . ”
And finally , you watch the residents of Tokyo squeeze themselves onto the mass transit system during rush hour .
It ’s exciting , amazing , and beautiful .
Then you notice something else .
A café where people have removed their shoes , are sitting on couches that are ripped , and smiling as they look at the ground .
Some of them are dangling strings and laughing .
Others are on their hands and knees crawling after something .
What is it ?
What are they doing ?
They are petting and interacting with cats and kittens .
They are hanging out in a cat café .
Tokyo apartments are often small , expensive , and many have no pet policies .
Many residents of Tokyo work long hours and are not home enough to adequately care for a cat or dog .
The cafes offer a channel where pet lovers can go and play with a cat , relax , and unwind after a busy day .
It is estimated that there are as many as 40 cat cafes in Japan .
The cafes have resident cats and for a fee you can spend an hour or more playing with and petting the cats .
The rules are simple :
Remove your shoes .
Wash your hands .
Do not pull their tails .
Do not force the cats to interact with you .
Do not use the flash on your camera if you take pictures .
Here are a few of the cat cafes in Tokyo , Japan that you may want to visit :
Neko Jalala
Mr. Osamu Maeda owns this cat cafe .
It was started as a way to help raise awareness of the stray population and hopefully get people to love cats .
The cafe also serves as permanent homes for the cats he has chosen for his café .
Neko Jalala cats have biographies written about them with translations into other languages .
Ask for a copy of it when you visit .
Contact Information :
Phone : +81 ( 0 ) 3 3258 2525
Facebook
Calico Cat Café
There are two branches of this popular café .
They have only purebred cats and ask that you wear an ID tag that they give you .
One important rule is do not pick up any kittens that are wearing ribbons .
It is also recommended you call ahead and make reservations as the cafés tend to be crowded , especially on weekends .
Contact Information :
Phone : +81 ( 0 ) 4 2229 8353
Website ( only in Japanese )
Nekorobi
Neko means ‘ cat ’ in Japanese .
This café is decorated in wicker and burlap and boasts having a Nintendo Wii as well as cats .
Most of the cats at this café were once strays or turned into shelters by their owners .
Contact Information :
Phone : +81 ( 0 ) 3 6228-0646
Website ( only in Japanese )
There are many other cat cafes in Tokyo .
To find one that is in a neighborhood near where you are staying , ask the clerk at the front desk of your hotel or hostel .
Cat cafes are trendy and ( s ) he may know where the closest one is and how to get there .
18/18
Hot Girl from High School Who Posts Pictures of a Quarter of Her Face So You Can't Tell if She 's Still Hot
Posted on 26 January 2010 by Quaid
You thought it was over .
You thought we ’d said all we could about Michael ( hack ) Bay and his over - the - top , abysmally directed sequel to his over - the - top , abysmal but somewhat entertaining ( ish ) first transforming robots movie .
You were wrong .
Because as I sat down today and perused the front page of the site , I thought of something .
We ’ve been giving Avatar a lot of shit .
Even I , the defender of all things Cameron , have conceded that the movie ( which I still argue is entertaining and well put together ) is getting way too much attention and awards buzz .
But being the optimist that I am , I thought I ’d look at this whole Avatar thing from a different perspective .
The movie is making billions of dollars , it ’s garnering the respect and acclaim of audiences and critics alike , and it ’s gearing up to become the first Jim Cameron trilogy .
More than that , though , it ’s doing something much much greater in the grand scheme of cinema .
It ’s telling Michael Bay to suck it .
You see , there was a time that the Bay man was sitting pretty .
His ( crappy ) transforming robots movie had broken the bank and made a gazillion dollars .
He was snorting coke off strippers ’ asses , lighting cigars with 100 dollar bills and screaming “ I am a golden god ” from his rooftop in the Hollywood hills .
Now ?
Well , he ’s still doing all those things , but with a tear in his eye .
Even Megan
Fox ’s offers to wash his car ca n’t cheer him up anymore .
Why ?
Because , regardless of what you think of Avatar , the movie has proven that James Cameron is the King of the World when it comes to box - office .
And you , Michael Bay , are no James Cameron .
Michael Bay has always argued that he makes his movies for the fans , and his goal is to create a flick that makes as much money as possible and entertains as many people as it can .
He ’s achieved adequate success in the pursuit of said goal , but he is far from the master he thinks he is .
Just ask the man who directed Terminator 2 , Titanic , AND Avatar .
Not only that , but Cameron actually wins awards and gets good reviews with his films , proving that Michael Bay ’s “ fuck the critics , let ’s make it marketable ” mentality is not just flawed ; it ’s downright silly .
Not to mention the fact that Avatar ‘s 3D success might actually hurt Bay ’s career .
From this moment on , studios are going to ride the 3D wave as long as they can , and they ’ll want every blockbuster to be released in the format .
Bay , though , does n’t like or understand 3 D – because he ’s not a very good director , and he ca n’t compose or hold a shot for longer than 17 frames .
Can you imagine a Transformers movie in 3D ?
I ’m getting motion sick just thinking about it .
So when that huge project needs a director , the studios will have to choose between a helmsman ( or woman ) who understands and embraces 3D and the standard and hackneyed style of Michael Bay .
Which direction will they choose ?
Of all the blockbusters that came out this year , I think that Star Trek is by far both the best and most entertaining movie , so it saddens me that Avatar has made the proletariat masses forget how much of a good time they had following the voyages of Kirk , Spock , and that guy from “ Heroes ” pretending to be Spock .
Once again , though , there is a silver lining .
No , Star Trek wo n’t win the visual effects or technical awards that it deserves .
But neither will Transformers 2 . Sorry J.J. and Michael , those accolades are reserved for Avatar .
So in the end my comrades here at MovieChopShop will whine and complain that Avatar is an overrated hunk of mediocrity , but I will rest easy in the knowledge that when the world looks back at 2009 , nobody will be able to say that Transformers 2 was the biggest box - office success of the year .
Yes , Michael Bay , your evil scheming has failed you .
Just face facts : Transforming robots are so 2008 .
These days moviegoers yearn for something different .
Blue people .
Having sex .
In 3D .
No , not as the left would have it , that Blackwater still exists .
The scandal is that the Justice Department 's case against five former security guards for the military contractor unraveled late last week in what appears to be another instance of gross prosecutorial misconduct , as abusive Justice lawyers went after an unsympathetic political target .
The indictments — which were thrown out by D.C. District Judge Ricardo Urbina in a derisive and detailed 90 - page opinion — stemmed from a 2007 firefight in Baghdad 's Nisour Square that ...
A FALLING bullet shot during New Year 's Eve celebrations has tragically killed a four - year - old boy .
The boy , Marquel Peters , was inside a church in Decatur , Georgia , playing a video game when he suddenly collapsed at his parents feet , WSTV reports .
A police spokesman Jason Gagnon said it appears the bullet came through the church ’s roof and struck Marquel in the head .
Marquel 's parents were initially unaware of his injuries until blood started gushing from his head .
" I saw his Nintendo game fall on the floor , and I heard a sound and I heard him scream a little bit and I looked around and all I saw was blood coming from his head , " Marquel 's mother , Nathalee Peters , told Channel 2 Action News .
Attempts to keep Marquel alive at the church and later at a nearby hospital were unsuccessful .
" No one knew what it was , " Marquel 's uncle Garry Peters told WSTV .
" It was just crazy . "
Ballistics expert Kelly Fite told the Atlanta Journal - Constitution newspaper that the bullet had most likely been fired from an AK - 47 assault rifle and could have been fired as far as three to five kilometres away .
The church 's pastor , Lloyd Phipps , told The Atlanta Journal - Constitution that the youngster 's death made no sense .
" It 's one of those things that you just cannot make any sense out of , " Mr Phipps said .
" This lady took her kid to church , which is the right thing to do .
And her son got killed because of someone ’s irresponsible behaviour . "
Police are yet to make any arrests but are ' actively pursuing leads ' .
Andrew Wakefield , the UK researcher who sparked unwarranted fears about the risks of the MMR vaccine , has been the subject of a two - and - a - half years ethics investigation by the General Medical Council ( GMC ) .
This afternoon the GMC announced their conclusion , ruling that Wakefield acted “ dishonestly and irresponsibly ” in his research and with “ callous disregard ” for the children that were the subject of his research .
Wakefield ’s Story
In 1998 Wakefield and others published a story in the Lancet where they claimed to find an association between finding the measles virus in the GI tract of children with autism following the MMR vaccine .
The study itself was small – only involving 12 children , and the conclusions were modest , not specifically suggesting a link between MMR and autism .
But in subsequent press conferences Wakefield raised the alarm , saying , “ Urgent further research is needed to determine whether MMR may give rise to this complication in a small number of people . ”
The result was a significant drop in MMR compliance and a resurgence of measles cases , as this BBC chart demonstrates .
The original Lancet article spawned follow up research which failed to replicate Wakefield ’s results .
( Also see here and here . )
The final disconfirmation came from a recent study finding no link between MMR , measles virus , and autism .
Most significantly , the PCR technique used to detect measles virus in the original Wakefeld paper ( which was itself later discredited ) was performed by Professor O’Leary , who also did the PCR in the recent study contradicting Wakefield .
Doing sloppy research that is later discredited happens frequently enough in science and itself does not warrant investigation for ethics violations .
That came from other accusations – specifically that Wakefield paid children 5 pounds at his child ’s birthday party to participate in the study .
Further , investigative journalist Brian Deer has uncovered a host of dubious behavior on the part of Wakefield , beginning with serious conflicts of interest .
These include applying for a patent on an alternate MMR vaccine – so Wakefield could potentially benefit from the results of his research .
Also , Wakefield was being paid by an attorney specifically to support the claim that the MMR is linked to autism , and some of the same children whose parents were involved in such law suits were part of Wakefield ’s Lancet study .
These conflicts caused the Lancet to later withdraw their support from the paper .
Most recently Deer has published what he believes is evidence that Wakefield may have even faked some of the data in his original paper .
After a multi - year investigation , the GMC finds that there is some truth to the accusations against Wakefield and has ruled against him .
They will now deliberate on what sanctions should result from their findings ( which should take a couple of months ) .
MMR and Autism
But of course , conflicts of interest and unethical behavior , while it calls into question Wakefield ’s research , is not the final word on the science .
The question of MMR and autism has been thoroughly investigated and no link has been found .
The data is very robust because we have the opportunity to observe autism diagnosis rates in various countries with differing MMR policies over time .
We now have data from Poland , the UK , Denmark , Finland , and Japan ( the Japan study is most interesting because there the MMR vaccine was actualy withdrawn and was not followed by any decrease in autism ) .
These studies show a remarkable concordance of evidence – there is no association between MMR and autism .
( See here for a more complete list of studies . )
Conclusion
The Wakefield story is a disturbing one .
By all accounts he conducted scientifically and ethically dubious research , with undisclosed conflicts of interest , and used that to trigger fears about the safety of MMR , resulting in a demonstrable increase in disease .
He also helped propel the overall anti-vaccine movement .
It is good to see that the GMC had done a thorough investigation and are now bringing Wakefield ’s malfeasance to light , and I await to see what sanctions they decide are appropriate .
Meanwhile , Wakefield in unrepentant .
He has moved his practice to the US where he continues to be a darling of the anti-vaccine movement .
In fact , official judgments against Wakefield only serve to increase his status as a cult - hero among anti-vaccinationists .
Unfortunately , the Wakefield story is not over .
Mr Inzko has sweeping powers in Bosnia under the Dayton deal
A row has erupted between Bosnian Serb politicians and the top international official in Bosnia - Hercegovina over the role of foreign judges and prosecutors .
The international High Representative , Valentin Inzko , says the Bosnian Serb republic , Republika Srpska ( RS ) , has violated the 1995 Dayton peace accords .
His statement came after RS rejected his extension of the judges ' and prosecutors ' mandate until 2013 .
They work on Bosnian war crimes cases , in line with the Dayton peace accords .
The Bosnian Serb prime minister , Milorad Dodik , has rejected Mr Inzko 's comments , and accused his office of undermining the peace deal .
Under the Dayton agreement , which ended the 1992-1995 war , Bosnia was divided into Bosniak ( Bosnian Muslim ) - Croat and Bosnian Serb entities , with a federal presidency .
Plea to respect Dayton
The High Representative has the power to impose laws and dismiss elected officials .
A statement from Mr Inzko 's office says Republika Srpska 's government and parliament " are in violation of the Dayton Peace Agreement " because they rejected his extension of the foreign judges ' and prosecutors ' mandate .
" The Republika Srpska must respect the Dayton Peace Agreement in its entirety and must not challenge actions undertaken on the basis of Dayton , " the statement said .
Mr Dodik , quoted by the Belgrade - based Radio B92 website , countered that Mr Inzko 's team " are the ones committing crimes and violating Dayton , not us " .
Mr Inzko , an Austrian diplomat , is taking the matter to the UN Security Council and to the governments monitoring implementation of Dayton .
Meanwhile , the Bosnian Serbs plan to hold a referendum on the issue .
The leaders of Bosnia 's divided communities have stalled over reform of the Bosnian constitution - seen as a vital step towards eventual EU and Nato membership .
One just has to love it when Chris Matthews is able to knock a political hack off their talking points script ( good stuff at the 6:40 mark ) :
Update : Steve Benen fills in the blanks for this dumbfounded GOP hack :
That said , Harris was put on the spot .
The Republican National Committee has a newly - redesigned website on which party leaders have highlighted the party ’s accomplishments dating back 150 years .
For the past 20 years , the page lists the following : a D.C. school voucher scheme ( which did n’t work ) , invading Iraq ( which did n’t turn out well ) , tax cuts for the wealthy ( which is n’t exactly an “ accomplishment ” ) , invading Afghanistan ( which Republicans did n’t handle well ) , welfare reform ( which Clinton signed into law ) , and the Contract with America ( which , again , is n’t an “ accomplishment ” in any meaningful sense of the word ) .
Join us !
The party that failed you for the last 30 - some - odd years .
Yay !
For more than 50 years , people and businesses facing complex and high - stakes legal issues have turned to Joseph , Greenwald & Laake , PA , for sophisticated counsel with a personal touch .
The Attorneys at Joseph , Greenwald & Laake , PA , place a premium on being more than just an attorney to his clients .
Whether representing an individual , a small business or a large corporation , the firm takes pride in forging lasting partnerships and investing in its clients ’ long - term success .
Recently I attended Gameconnect Asia-Pacific in Melbourne , a sort of conference and networking opportunity for the Australian games industry .
I was part of a panel of game critics discussing why videogames are shit , so basically money for old rope .
Anyway , the discussion turned inevitably to Mario and to New Super Mario Bros Wii .
One of the other panelists , Bajo from ABC TV's Good Game series , brought up how he knows people who will buy and play every new Mario game regardless of perceived quality simply because " it's Mario . "
I responded - in retrospect , a little too hastily - with " yeah , it 's like talking to people who believe in God . "
The line got a rather nervous laugh , but I stand by the point .
Mario to God is n't as huge a leap of logic as you might think .
As the movie Fight Club once said , our fathers are our original models for God .
Take that principle to a generation of latchkey kids raised by TV and gaming , the original model of God transfers over to escapism .
Nintendo becomes our heavenly host .
Mario becomes Messiah .
Sonic becomes our Judas .
This is n't helped at all by the internet , where a large percentage of discourse consists of elevated versions of playground arguments over whether He -Man was better than Thundercats .
International circle - jerk community forums and the ability to download virtually any artifact of modern culture have granted nostalgia an unearned degree of legitimacy .
Then we get things like the Transformers movie , and the human race continues to suffer a general decline into apocalyptic horror .
" Given your previously expressed contempt of Nintendo basically doing the same thing over and over , reusing the same characters , and favoring appeals to nostalgia over innovation , what would you do with Mario ? "
- Michael B. , from email
You know , Nintendo did n't always do the same thing over and over .
They 've always had a tendency to labor their franchises , but at least for a while they made an effort to move forward with each one .
Mario 3 - map screens , raccoon tails and minigames .
Super Mario World - Yoshi and secret levels .
Yoshi's Island - babysitting , unique painted art style and serious Mode 7 abuse .
Mario 64 - first move into full 3D , for better or worse .
Mario Sunshine - squirt guns and fruit .
Mario Galaxy - superlative 3D platforming with gravity mechanics , and there the series found itself up against a big fucking wall .
I remember saying in my Mario Galaxy review , there 's nowhere to go once you 've gone into space .
Space is a big thing and anything you try after space is just going to be not moving forward but shuffling sideways , if not outright stepping backwards .
And it seems Nintendo agreed , and have decided not to let it bother them .
We 're living in a rather introspective time for gaming , with the aforementioned trend for nostalgia and both retro and retro- style games available on handhelds or for download onto consoles , and this has brought us to things like New Super Mario Bros Wii , which is a fairly large and bold step backwards .
What is the purpose for its existence ?
By Omer Farooq
BBC News , Hyderabad
Vishnuvardhan was a giant of the Karnataka film industry
The film industry in southern Indian state of Karnataka is in mourning following the death of one of its super stars , Vishnuvardhan .
Cinema halls , schools and studios were closed and a holiday was declared by the state government .
Vishnuvardhan , 59 , died of a heart attack in the early hours of Wednesday in the city of Mysore where he was under treatment for leg pain .
He is survived by his wife , also a popular actress .
Thousands of the actor 's shell - shocked fans lined up at a Bangalore college where his body was kept in state .
At one point vehicles in the city were attacked as frenzied fans jostled to catch a last glimpse of their hero .
Police baton - charged fans who were trying to close shops and businesses in the city .
Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa was the first to reach actor 's home to pay tributes .
He announced a state funeral for him .
Describing Vishnuvardhan as " a born actor " , the chief minister said " Karnataka has become poor in his death " .
Vishnuvardhan acted in 199 films in a career spanning 37 years , portraying a wide range of characters including that of an angry young man , a rebel and a reformer .
Born in September 1950 as Sampath Kumar in Mysore , he renamed himself as Vishnuvardhan after beginning his film career .
Vishnuvardhan , whose 200th movie " Apatha Rakhshaka " is now ready for release , was especially liked for his simplicity and humble manners .
He was seen as the biggest star of Kannada movies after fellow thespian Rajkumar .
Vishnuvardhan was especially renowned for his versatility and was an accomplished singer .
He won seven state awards , five Filmfare awards and was given a honorary doctorate by Bangalore University in recognition of his achievements .
Instructions :
In this game , you are a Narwhal , and as such , you have decided to jump from very high in the sky and land as close as you can to the center of a conveniently placed bullseye on the ground .
Yesterday was a unique and remarkable moment in American politics .
Many have noted that it 's just not possible to imagine a Bush or a Palin similarly standing ground to take opposition questioning .
Unless , perhaps , at a comedy club , where they would be revealed as the clowns , albeit dangerous clowns , that they were and are .
But to anyone who genuinely cares about the workings of politics , yesterday was as good as it gets .
It was riveting .
For any corporate media entity that has pretenses of being about news , that has pretenses of being fair and balanced , and that has pretenses of professional integrity , yesterday should have been a dream .
High theater and real substance .
Even people who do n't often watch political speeches were mesmerized .
People on the intertubes will be watching it and analyzing , endlessly .
But one supposed news network did n't want its viewers to watch .
One supposed news network did n't like what it was seeing .
One supposed news network gutlessly turned and fled .
One supposed news network yesterday revealed itself for what it is : a right wing propaganda outfit .
A gutless right wing propaganda outfit .
Chickenhawks on war who can't even stand the heat of political debate .
Turning away was n't just unprofessional and partisan , it was gutless .
And that needs emphasizing .
Because it 's time for others in the corporate media to stop defending a faux news outfit that clearly is n't about the news .
Yesterday said everything .
Yesterday , because it was so afraid of what it was seeing , the right wing propaganda outfit posing as a news outfit turned away from the biggest political news story of the day , and essentially told its audience that if that audience wanted to see the biggest political news story of the day , it would have to turn to the competition .
Fox " News " is not about news .
It is not professional .
And even more , it is utterly gutless .
Never forget it .
All of those quotes are real , by the way .
Just check wiki , they ’re legit .
All of the ingredients ( except the bread ) are exceptionally good for your health .
Unfortunately , this seems to be a good traditional recipe with a twist gone wrong .
There is something unsettling about the texture of mashed up beans that have the flavor of sardines .
This preparation also seems to accentuate the fishy flavor .
I would n't want to mask the sardines , but the mashed beans mask all their notes except fishy .
Perhaps a better preparation of these ingredients would be an arugula salad composed of the same ingredients .
You could still flake the sardines while tossing , if you left the beans whole .
The bread could be omitted or made into croutons .
Either way , if you make this , DON'T omit a peppery delicate green ;
It 's the only element that stands up to the fish .
Also DO make sure to either marinate the beans or add salt just shy of being too salty ( mine were unsalted so use caution ) .
By Dominic Casciani
BBC News
Mohammed al - Ghabra is one of those who had their assets frozen
The UK Supreme Court has ruled that special Treasury orders that freeze the assets of terror suspects are unlawful .
The judges at the UK's highest court said the government had exceeded its powers by controlling the finances of five suspects .
They also lifted a ban on identifying the men who brought the challenge .
The court said the government should have sought Parliament 's approval for the asset freezing regime , rather than creating it automatically .
The five men at the centre of the case have only been usually allowed £ 10 a week in cash and need special permission for other expenses .
One of the men , Mohammed al - Ghabra , was named before Christmas .
The other four were named in the Supreme Court on Tuesday : Hani el Sayed Sabaei Youssef , Michael Marteen , formerly Mohammed Tunveer Ahmed , Mohammed Jabar Ahmed and Mohammed Azmir Khan .
The court has temporarily suspended its judgement to hear arguments on whether the government should have time to change the law .
In the meantime , suspects will continue to have their assets frozen .
In all , approximately 150 are covered by the UK regime and 40 have bank accounts or are based in the UK .
UN orders
In the ruling , the Supreme Court justices said that if the government wanted to take " far - reaching measures " to combat terrorism then it needed the approval of Parliament .
Lord Hope said : " Even in the face of the threat of international terrorism , the safety of the people is not the supreme law .
This is a clear example of an attempt to adversely affect the basic rights of the citizen without the clear authority of Parliament
Lord Hope
Q&A : Freezing terror assets
" We must be just as careful to guard against unrestrained encroachments on personal liberty . "
The two orders to freeze assets were brought in by Gordon Brown when he was Chancellor of the Exchequer .
The original Terrorism ( UN Measures ) Order 2006 and the 2006 al - Qaeda and Taliban ( UN Measures )
Order were made under section 1 of the 1946 UN Act in order to implement resolutions of the UN Security Council .
Both orders became part of British law without a Parliamentary debate , which the men said was unfair because the government had created offences without putting it to a vote .
The Treasury issued the men with licences for specific purposes , such as claiming benefits .
The men were allowed about £ 10 a week in cash and had to provide officials with receipts for everything they spent .
The men had argued that the asset - freezing regime severely affected their ability to use property and cash from any source and , in turn , left their families open to criminal prosecution if they offered help .
In one situation , a minister had to be consulted on whether a suspect could use a car to get the family groceries from a supermarket because the vehicle was classed as a financial resource .
The men also argued that the British system went beyond what the UN had set out to do by targeting those accused of links to terrorism , rather than just those convicted at trial .
Supremacy of Parliament Lord Hope said the Treasury had exceeded its powers in how it had devised and implemented the Terrorism Order .
ASSET FREEZING 650 on worldwide list 150 on specific UK lists 40 living or with bank accounts in the UK £ 150,000 of frozen funds " This is a clear example of an attempt to adversely affect the basic rights of the citizen without the clear authority of Parliament , " he said .
Turning to the second type of restriction , the al - Qaeda Order , Lord Hope said that one of the five men , Mohammed al - Ghabra , had been denied a basic right to challenge his restrictions .
Explaining the judgement , Lord Phillips , president of the Supreme Court , said : " Nobody should conclude that the result of these appeals constitutes judicial interference with the will of Parliament .
" On the contrary , it upholds the supremacy of Parliament in deciding whether or not measures should be imposed that affect the fundamental rights of those in this country . "
A spokesman for the Treasury said it would abide by the ruling and legislate as quickly as possible .
" It 's important to be clear that this ruling does not challenge the UK 's obligations under the UN Charter to freeze the assets of suspected terrorists , which we will continue to meet .
" We will introduce fast - track legislation to ensure there is no disruption to our terrorist asset - freezing powers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eadgyth 's bones are thought to have been moved to this tomb in 1510 Remains of one of the earliest members of the English royal family may have been unearthed in a German cathedral , a Bristol University research team says .
They believe a near - complete female skeleton , aged 30 to 40 , found wrapped in silk in a lead coffin in Magdeburg Cathedral is that of Queen Eadgyth .
The granddaughter of Alfred the Great , she married Otto I , Holy Roman Emperor , in 929 .
She died 17 years later , at 36 .
The team aims to prove her identity by tracing isotopes in her bones .
Professor Mark Horton , of Bristol 's department of archaeology and anthropology , said : " We know that Saxon royalty moved around quite a lot , and we hope to match the isotope results with known locations around Wessex and Mercia , where she could have spent her childhood .
Bones moved " If we can prove this truly is Eadgyth , this will be one of the most exciting historical discoveries in recent years . "
Their preliminary findings are to be announced later at a conference at the university .
In the Middle Ages bones were often moved around , and this makes definitive identification difficult
Professor Harald Meller
The discovery of the tomb was made during a wider research project into the cathedral in 2008 by a German team .
It was thought the tomb was a cenotaph , but when the lid was removed , the coffin was discovered , bearing Queen Eadgyth 's name and accurately recording the date - 1510 - when her remains were transferred .
The queen was known to have been buried initially in the Monastery of Mauritius in Magdeburg , and if bones were to be found , they would have been moved later to the tomb .
Professor Harald Meller , who led the 2008 project , said : " We still are not completely certain that this is Eadgyth although all the scientific evidence points to this interpretation .
The excavation revealed remains wrapped in silk " In the Middle Ages bones were often moved around , and this makes definitive identification difficult . "
Queen Eadgyth 's brother , King Athelstan , is considered to have been the first king of England after he unified various Saxon and Celtic kingdoms after the battle of Brunanburh in 937 , Bristol University said .
After marriage , Queen Eadgyth lived in Saxony and had two children with Otto .
Their direct descendents ruled Germany until 1254 and formed many of the royal families of Europe that followed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a plug for sure , but kind of an organic one because our ability to get out the word on this is limited by the lateness of the hour .
But from 8 to 10 PM Eastern tonight , Rachel , Chris Matthews and I will be presenting a two - hour special report on the President 's remarks ( and answers ) to the Republican Retreat ( and wow did it live up to that name ) .
We will be aiming for analysis and perspective for sure , but not to the point of carving this up into little soundbites .
We will be running , as they say , " large chunks " and then cutting back to the studio to see which one of our jaws can drop the closest to the floor .
Parenthetically , I always said the actual " Prime Minister 's Question Time " on C - SPAN was one of my favorite tv shows but the thought of doing an American version gave me the mental image of all of our politicians running screaming into the streets after the first five minutes of questioning .
Apparently that would all but one of our politicians .
UPDATE 10:40 PM EST
Well , thank you kindly .
If it has escaped your attention , it is being re-run as I type ( 10 - 12 PM EST ) and will run again at Noon EST on Saturday and Sunday .
Forget the Mile High City .
Denver 's has a new name , according to media reports : " Cannabis Capital USA . "
The title comes courtesy of the fact that the city 's been inundated with sales tax license applications for dispensaries as entrepreneurs try to get in under the wire before Denver institutes new industry - wide regulations .
As of yesterday , the city had issued more than 390 dispensary tax licenses , says acting City Treasurer Steve Ellington , with dozens more coming every day .
Those are the sort of numbers that lead reporters to dust off their pocket calculators and whip up nifty comparisons .
According to 7 News , the city 's 390 dispensaries nearly outnumber by two - to - one the total number of Starbucks in the state !
Not only that , but the Denver Post points out there are now more per-capita dispensaries with a sales - tax license in Denver than there are in Los Angeles !
Take that , stoner Californians !
There 's only one problem :
There are probably nowhere near 390 dispensaries in Denver .
As Ellington points out , a sales tax license does not necessarily mean a business is up and running .
" Typically a business is going to pull their licenses before they start operation . "
In fact , says Ellington , a business owner can wait as long as ninety days to actually commence operations .
And there 's a good chance many of these would - be dispensary owners are n't yet ready to open .
With the city 's new regulations fast coming down the line , it makes sense for them to get in their paperwork now so they can try to get grandfathered in under the old , unregulated system before they actually open up a storefront .
So how many dispensaries does Denver really have ?
No one knows for sure , since Ellington 's office does n't do any follow - up to figure out how many sales - tax recipients make good on their plans .
But drug - reform advocate Brian Vicente of Sensible Colorado , one of the more level - headed medical marijuana guys around , estimates the number 's probably between 100 and 150 .
( Westword 's Marijuana Dispensaries Directory lists 139 statewide and 84 in Denver proper , though we have a bit of updating to do . )
The number of city dispensaries will likely increase in the coming weeks as folks make use of their new sales - tax licenses -- but eventually it will even out and possibly subside .
For one thing , all dispensaries , even those licensed before new city regulations go into effect , will have to apply for a new license by March 1 , a process that will come with background checks and hefty fees .
That 's sure to weed out some operations , and the give and take of a maturing industry will probably cut down a bunch more .
In other words , all those " Cannabis Capital " headlines were for naught .
Los Angeles still has us beat in pot shops -- and Starbucks is still our number - one purveyor of mind - altering substances .
Still a man hears what he wants to hear
And disregards the rest
-- The Boxer , by Paul Simon
" They Are Rocking Even Me "
This will be my tenth annual forecast issue .
Time has flown by , and I enter a new decade of writing Thoughts from the Frontline .
And even as I write about the high level of uncertainty of the current times , I am optimistic that at the opening of the next decade we will look back and realize that there has been an enormous amount of progress made .
None of us will want to revisit the pleasures of the past ten years in some nostalgic dream .
I am so ready for a new decade .
And speaking of Paul Simon ( above ) , reading the lyrics of The Boxer , one of my favorite songs from my youth , another few words seemed to hit home :
... Now the years are rolling by me , they are rockin ' even me
... I am older than I once was , and younger than I 'll be , that 's not unusual
... No it is n't strange , after changes upon changes , we are more or less the same
At the end of the letter I announce the dates for our annual Strategic Investment Conference , tell you about an important conference I will be attending next month for 9 days ( a rather large chunk of time for me ! ) , and drop a hint about why I am going to actually buy some stocks this decade .
For new readers ( and a lot of you have joined us this last year ) , let me quickly tell you what it is that I really do .
I basically read and think for a living .
I read a lot - hundreds of newsletters , articles , papers , magazines , books , essays , emails etc. , almost every week .
Each Friday
I sit down and write about what seems to me to be the most important ideas I have come across , often tying together concepts from multiple sources into what becomes this letter , hoping to piece together a few parts of the puzzle , to help us see the bigger picture .
On Mondays I send readers Outside the Box , which is an article by some other writer that I find interesting , and I try to make sure that I disagree with more than a few of them .
We need to think , and that is one way of helping us do so .
The letter started out ten years ago as a way for me to put into writing my ideas and thoughts on what I had read , and I sent it out to just 2,000 people .
It has grown to where today it goes to around 1.5 million people and is posted on dozens of web sites .
The letter is free .
You can subscribe at www.2000wave.com simply by giving me your email address .
And feel free to forward the letter to friends or put a link to it on your web site .
And there are Chinese and Spanish translations of the letter each week as well .
2010 : A Year of Uncertainty
I read and research more for the annual forecast issue than any other letter during the year .
And having had the luxury of not writing for the last two Fridays , I 've had even more time .
It seemed to me that the volume of forecasts out this year was greater than ever .
But even I was amazed when Birinyi Associates , Inc. showed a picture of annual forecasts they had come across and printed out .
It was a stack almost two feet tall and comprising over 3,500 pages .
They helpfully summarized the projections for the major investment banks and compared them .
Their work confirmed my own reading .
The projections they cited and those I have read were all over the board and more divergent than I can ever remember .
But as I read the tea leaves , there is a lot of uncertainty and caveats with these forecasts .
And too many are based on assumptions that the future will turn out largely looking like the past .
It has been my contention for a long time that we are in a period that looks nothing like the past , and to use backward - looking data to project the immediate future carries the risk of being very misleading .
Thus , before we get into my projections , I think we need to take a survey of where we are .
That means this annual issue may turn into a two - week project ( I generally try to stop writing at eight pages ) ; but if you do n't know where you are , how can you figure out where you 're going ?
This is a challenging time , and I am going to challenge a lot of people 's ideas over the next two weeks .
So , as we start , let 's look at why we need to very carefully assess our belief systems .
The two quotes at the start of the letter point out how difficult it is for us to accept an idea that challenges our belief system , or would have negative consequences for our lives .
If we are long some investment , we look for good news that tells us our investments are going up , and gloss over the negatives .
Last month , I found out I was just a few thousand miles from becoming executive platinum on American Airlines .
I have never attained that level , and there are some major benefits .
So , the flight which was the least expensive and gave me the required miles was a two - hour hop to Tampa , where ironically I had been the week before .
I flew back on the same plane 30 minutes later .
However , the time was put to very good use .
I read a pre-publication manuscript of a book by my good friend James Montier , called The Little Book of Behavioral Investing .
I was asked to write the preface .
I have to say that this book will become one of those that I read at least once a year , as it just so pointedly reminds me of all the ways we make investment ( and life ! ) mistakes because of the ways our brains are hard - wired .
One of the real problems is that we " hear what we want to hear . "
Our beliefs or personal interests lead us to conclusions or actions that may or may not be helpful .
Let 's take a page excerpt from James ' book :
Prisoners of Our Preconceptions
" For instance , a group of people were asked to read randomly selected studies on the deterrent efficacy of the death sentence ( and criticisms of those studies ) .
Subjects were also asked to rate the studies in terms of the impact they had had on their views on capital punishment and deterrence .
Half of the people were pro-death penalty and half were anti-death penalty .
" Those who started with a pro-death sentence stance thought the studies that supported capital punishment were well argued , sound and important .
They also thought that the studies that argued against the death penalty were all deeply flawed .
Those who held the opposite point of view at the outset reached exactly the opposite conclusion .
" As the psychologists concluded : ‘ Asked for their final attitudes relative to the experiment 's start , proponents reported they were more in favor of capital punishment , whereas opponents reported that they were less in favor of capital punishment . '
In effect each participant 's views polarized , becoming much more extreme than before the experiment .
" In another study of biased assimilation ( accepting all evidence as supporting your case ) participants were told a soldier at Abu Ghraib prison was charged with torturing prisoners .
He wanted the right to subpoena senior administration officials .
He claimed he'd been informed that the administration had suspended the Geneva Convention .
" The psychologists gave different people different amounts of evidence supporting the soldier 's claims .
For some , the evidence was minimal ; for others , it was overwhelming .
Unfortunately the amount of evidence was essentially irrelevant in assessing people 's behavior .
For 84 % of the time , it was possible to predict whether people believed the evidence was sufficient to subpoena Donald Rumsfeld based on just three things :
1 . The extent to which they liked Republicans
2 . The extent to which they liked the US military
3 . The extent to which they liked human rights groups like Amnesty International .
" Adding the evidence into the equation allowed the researchers to increase the prediction accuracy from 84 % to 85 % .
Time and time again , psychologists have found that confidence and biased assimilation perform a strange tango .
It appears the more sure people were that they have the correct view , the more they distorted new evidence to suit their existing preference , which in turns made them even more confident ! "
" We 'll pluck significance from the least consequential happenstance if it suits us and happily ignore the most flagrantly obvious symmetry between separate aspects of our lives if it threatens some cherished prejudice or cozily comforting belief ; we are blindest to precisely whatever might be most illuminating , " wrote Ian Banks , of the protagonist in the science fiction novel Transition I am currently reading .
( By the way , if you are a sci - fi reader and have not yet become addicted to the writing of Banks , start with his early work and move through the decades .
He is one of the best hard sci - fi writers alive . )
Those who are invested in the idea of a " V " - shaped recovery became excited over the jobs report last month .
Unemployment rose by only 11,000 jobs , if you did not look at the underlying numbers or ignored the household survey .
And the consumer confidence surveys have begun to rise .
The Index of Leading Economic Indicators has now risen for six months in a row .
Productivity is up .
And surveys indicate that consumer spending is up .
GDP growth in the fourth quarter looks to be in the 3 % - plus range .
All reasons to be bullish , if you are looking for a reason to be bullish .
If you do n't examine the underlying data , you can feel good .
The problem is that when we look deeper into the data than just the headlines , there are concerns .
For instance , take the contention that consumer spending is rising .
I called Philippa Dunne at The Liscio Report .
They survey the various states about taxes , among other things .
" Sales taxes are not up and the current survey we are doing is pretty bad . "
She used the word " horrified " when commenting on some of the respondees ' replies at the various state tax offices .
Further , today we find that credit card lending dropped $ 17 billion last month , the largest drop in history .
And this was during Christmas !
Savings are up .
Credit is down .
Where did the rise in consumer spending come from ?
Remember , these are mostly surveys and / or comparisons with a disastrous 2008 .
And they compare same - store sales for chains like Best Buy , which no longer competes with the bankrupt Circuit City , or for chains that closed stores , forcing buyers to the remaining stores .
The key to watch is sales taxes .
When they are rising , consumer spending is rising .
Consumer confidence is rising , but from truly awful levels .
The levels are still well below any level in previous recessions and certainly do not indicate a robust economic rebound .
A challenged consumer confidence survey is not surprising , given the fact that roughly 8 % of the working population is getting some form of unemployment assisance .
One in eight children in this country is living on food stamps .
By the way , the total number of people on unemployment is about 300,000 worse than most media accounts report .
The Extended ( and Emergency ) unemployment claims for those out of work more than 26 weeks are not seasonally adjusted .
To get the total number of people on unemployment insurance of all kinds , you have to add the non-seasonally adjusted number of continuing claims , which is currently about 300,000 higher than the seasonal adjustment .
Here is a chart from Philippa , at www.theliscioreport.com.
She explained , " For the week ended 12/19 , 10.42 million Americans were receiving unemployment benefits , With 5.44 million Extended claims ( week ended 12/19 ) and 4.98 million Continuing claims .
" But NSA jobless claims show a far different story .
The advance number of actual initial claims under state programs , unadjusted , totaled 645,571 in the week ending Jan. 2 , an increase of 88,000 from the previous week .
There were 731,958 Initial claims in the comparable week in 2009 ...
The advance unadjusted number for persons claiming UI benefits in state programs totaled 5,479,110 , an increase of 388,729 from the preceding week .
A year earlier , the rate was 4.0 percent and the volume was 5,317,388 .
" So the actual , the real benefits paid ( Initial , Continuing , and EUC claims ) hit another record of 11.268 million . " ( source : The Big Picture )
Today 's employment report was just terrible .
The headline said we lost 85,000 jobs .
That is from the establishment survey , where they call up larger businesses and ask them about their employment .
They also do a household survey , where they survey about 400,000 households .
That report reveals a much worse situation .
Last month , single women who are heads of households saw their unemployment ranks rise by a massive 127,000 .
The number of employed men fell by 214,000 .
The total number of unemployed in the survey rose by an enormous 589,000 .
Those classified as not in the work force ( due to the fact that they did not look for jobs ) rose by 843,000 !
That now means that in 2009 3.5 million people were dropped from the potential labor force count because they were discouraged .
If you add those to the 15.3 million who are unemployed , you get a much higher unemployment number than 10 % .
Getting that exact number is tricky , because if you are back in school ( as some of my friends are ) you are not looking for a job but are going to want one soon .
And if the economy does rebound and jobs start to become available , then it is likely a large number of the discouraged 3.5 million will start looking for jobs and therefore be listed in the work force .
Ironically , a recovering economy could see the unemployment number rise .
During the recovery , it will be important to look at the total number of employed and not just at the unemployment rate .
Sidebar :
As noted above , a large number of people were dropped from the official labor force .
What that means is that even though the number of employed people fell , the unemployment rate did not .
It will be interesting to see if a lot of those people just decided that December was not a good time to be looking , spent time with families , or decided it was too cold to get out .
How many will start looking as we get into the new year ?
We could see a rise in the unemployment rate next month if a large number do look for work .
Look at the chart below from my friend Greg Weldon .
( It just hit my inbox . )
It shows the percentage of people who are participating in the work force .
( www.weldononline.com)
It is sadly dropping , which means that incomes to families are dropping .
The number of people I know who are looking for work or are struggling increases each week .
It truly saddens me .
The Statistical Recovery
So why , if the employment picture looks so bad , are we getting positive GDP numbers ?
I coined the term " Statistical Recovery " last summer to describe an economy where the statistics are positive but it certainly does n't " feel " like a recovery .
So , how is it that we see a rise in the statistics ?
First , year - over - year comparisons are looking better , since 2008 was horrific .
Second , inventory levels are about as low as they will go .
In the way GDP is figured , a reduction in inventory reduces GDP .
That was a negative figure for most of this recession .
Simply because inventories not falling any more , it is easier to get a positive GDP .
Second , as I have written , there are one - time benefits for GDP from the federal stimulus .
Roughly 90 % of the 2.2 % growth in GDP in the third quarter was attributable to the stimulus , and we will see a similar affect in the 4th - quarter numbers and at least through the first half of next year .
A reduction in imports is also a positive for GDP .
Ee are buying less " stuff " from abroad , so that helps statistically .
Martin Feldstein , one of the great economists of our time , was quoted last week as saying that the recession is not over .
Indeed , it you look at past recessions , it is not all that unusual ( 8 out of 11 times ) for there to be positive GDP quarters in the midst of an ongoing recession .
The Great Experiment
So this is the backdrop as we look into the future .
Unemployment is rising and is likely to remain stubbornly high ( over 10 % ) for some time , except for the few months this coming summer when the Labor Department will hire hundreds of thousands of temporary census workers .
The savings rate is rising , and consumer spending is at the very least challenged .
The stimulus starts to drop sharply in the latter half of the year .
States , counties , and cities are short about $ 260 billion and will either have to cut services ( and thus jobs ) or increase taxes .
Housing is likely to get weaker , as there are large numbers of defaults coming because of mortgage - rate resets this year and next ( more on that in a few weeks ) .
Valuations on stocks are in the high range , and do not portend well for long - term returns .
Further - and this is the most important item to me - Congress is likely to allow the Bush tax cuts to expire and to add insult to injury with some form of large tax increase for heath care .
Between the local , state , and federal tax increases , we could see a massive increase in taxes of perhaps $ 500 billion in a $ 13 - trillion economy , or about 4 % of GDP .
Think about that for a moment .
It is likely we will begin 2011 with close to 10 % unemployment , if not higher .
Christina Romer 's work shows that tax cuts have a three - times benefit to GDP .
Tax increases presumably have a similar negative effect .
( Ms. Romer , by the way , is President Obama 's Chairwoman of the Council of Economic Advisors .
This is not a partisan idea . )
This is the great experiment to which we are going to be subjected .
There are those who agree with Art Laffer and company that tax cuts are a positive for the economy ( that would include your humble analyst ) .
And there are those who contend that the economy did just fine in the Clinton years before the Bush tax cuts and that we will do just as well if we take them away .
And further , taxing the rich a little more is not really going to change their behavior .
My contention is that if such a tax increase is enacted all at once , the economy will at a minimum dip back into a nasty recession .
If I am wrong , then I will have to abandon one of my long - cherished beliefs .
I will have to stop arguing that tax cuts are as important as I think .
Right now , when I read the data and studies , they confirm my tax - cutting bias .
But I have to be willing to change my mind if The Great Experiment proves me wrong .
But if you think unemployment is high now , you will really not like what happens if we dip back into recession .
It could go a lot higher .
They are truly risking a great deal if they decide to pursue this experiment .
Thus , I am faced with a great deal of uncertainty as I look into the future with my forecasts - and we will get into the bulk of the actual forecasts next week .
I almost titled this letter " The Year of Waiting , " because there are so many important developments we are waiting on .
Will they actually raise taxes in such a soft economy , or will cooler heads prevail and the increases be postponed , or at least phased in over 4 - 5 years ?
What will the health - care bill look like ?
There are so many things that could significantly change any predictions .
As I have written for years , the stock market drops an average of over 40 % during a recession .
If we go into a recession in 2011 , it is highly unlikely that there will be an exception to the bear market rule .
But this market seemingly wants to go higher .
Smart people like my partner Steve Blumenthal argue with me that the technicals say we could go a lot higher in the short term .
And he may very well be ( and probably is ) right .
This is a trader 's market .
It is not time to buy and hold large indexes or high - beta stocks and expect to be made whole over the next ten years .
Hope is not a strategy .
But waiting for the " shoe to drop " is frustrating , I know .
However , that is the situation we find ourselves in .
We will go into this next week , but the current environment is quite different than 1982 , when the last bull market started .
Rates were falling ; they are now likely to rise over time .
Taxes were going down .
Valuations were at historical lows , not high and rising .
Inflation was coming down .
And on and on .
The current environment is not one in which bull markets are born .
Whither the Fed ?
The futures market is pricing in rate hikes from the Fed beginning this fall .
I highly doubt a politicized Fed will hike rates with unemployment over 10 % , ahead of a November election .
We are going to have a very easy monetary policy for longer than most observers think .
The Fed has painted itself into a very tough corner .
Raising rates in a high - unemployment environment is risky .
Bernanke knows what happened in 1937 and does not want a repeat .
But by keeping rates too low for too long , they risk an asset bubble or two .
And the federal fiscal deficit of over $ 1.5 trillion is not making their situation any easier .
The Fed has announced it is ending many of their various and sundry programs in the first quarter .
They have essentially been the mortgage market .
What will happen to rates ?
I think that is one of the reasons why Geithner has essentially lifted any limit on explicit guarantees for Fannie and Freddie .
It will be seen as higher - paying government debt .
It will also cost you , Mr. and Ms. Taxpayer , hundreds of billions in increased deficits , as they are telling those entities to eat the losses from large numbers of loan modifications .
This is outrageous on so many levels .
Congress should at least have to approve this .
It 's getting close to my eight pages , so let me end by saying that , as we face the next crisis - and we will ( there is always another crisis ) - we will find we have not fixed the causes of the last one .
We still have banks too big to fail , we have not put the credit default swaps on an exchange , we have not reinstated Glass - Steagall , Barney Frank 's bill ( which was not the one that came out of committee ) now makes it exceedingly more difficult to short stocks , we keep in power the same people who missed the problems the last time , and the list of bad policies bought ( typo intended ) to you by bank lobbyists grows ever longer .
If the current bill looks like it was written by the bank lobby , that 's because it was .
But it means we will have to face the same problems all over again .
But that is another story for another day .
Next week we look at the dollar and other currencies , gold , commodities , bonds , emerging markets , and more .
London , Monte Carlo , Zurich , and Stocks
Tomorrow I head to Santa Barbara for the annual business planning session with my partners at Altegris Investments .
Let me quickly note that our annual Strategic Investment Conference will be April 22 - 24 in La Jolla .
The speaker lineup is powerful .
Already committed are David Rosenberg , Dr. Lacy Hunt , Dr. Niall Ferguson , and George Friedman , as well as your humble analyst .
We are talking with several other equally exciting speakers .
This conference sells out every year , and you do not want to miss it .
We will have an announcement soon .
Secondly , I am going to go to the Singularity University 's 9 - day Executive Program from February 26 through March 6 .
As for how I feel about it , the fact that I would devote nine days to it basically says it all .
They have a very powerful faculty brief a rather small group about how the future of a variety of technologies will impact all aspects of business and the economy .
It is not cheap , at $ 15,000 , but I think it will be worth my time .
They have had more applications than they have slots , but they have said they will give my readers special preference ( as far as possible ) .
You can go to www.singularityu.org and click on the link to the conference to find out more .
I have been told who some of my fellow attendees will be , and let me say that the list is impressive .
I am really looking forward to it .
Hope to see some of you there .
I will be in London January 20 - 23 , then a few days in Monte Carlo , and then Zurich and Geneva mid-week .
I do have some times open , and will be speaking in London with my European partners , Absolute Return Partners .
Drop me a note if you would like to meet , and I will see what we can do .
Finally , next Monday 's Outside the Box will be very unusual .
I have not bought a stock for over ten years , preferring managers and funds .
But starting in the next few weeks , I am going to begin buying stocks in a particular asset class , and intend to accumulate a portfolio over the next five years .
Even in the face of what I think will be a recession .
If you are interested in my thinking on this , be sure and read the letter .
I am so ready for 2010 and the next decade !
As I look back , every decade has been better for me , and I think this decade will keep that trend intact .
As Tiffani comes back from maternity leave ( kind of ) , we have a lot of ideas for ways to serve you better .
And we are going to be looking for suggestions .
We are excited .
I am going to the Cowboys game tomorrow night , and hope we can beat our post - season jinx .
This is going to be a very busy year for me , but I have to admit I am having more fun than I ever had .
Thank you for being a part of it all .
Your more optimistic than this letter sounds analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
To change your email address please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/change.asp
If you would ALSO like changes applied to the Accredited Investor E- Letter , please include your old and new email address along with a note requesting the change for both e-letters and send your request to wave@frontlinethoughts.com
BUFFALO -
The founder of an Islam - oriented television station who is accused of beheading his wife was abused by her for years , according to his lawyer , who said yesterday that he will pursue a defense combining that justification as well as psychiatric claims .
Defense attorneys ’ assertions that Muzzammil Hassan was victimized by his wife drew a blunt response from District Attorney Frank Sedita after a hearing .
“ He chopped her head off , ’’ Sedita said .
“ He chopped her head off .
That ’s all I have to say about Mr. Hassan ’s apparent defense that he was a battered spouse . ’’
Hassan , 45 , is charged with one count of second - degree murder in the Feb. 12 death of 37 - year - old Aasiya Hassan at the offices of Bridges TV , the station the Pakistan - born couple established in 2004 to counter negative stereotypes of Muslims .
During yesterday ’s hearing , Hassan fired the attorney who has been representing him for nearly a year and replaced him with a lawyer who promised “ a revolutionary defense . ’’
“ The spouse was the dominant figure in this relationship , ’’ attorney Frank Bogulski said outside the courtroom .
“ He was the victim .
She was verbally abusive .
She had humiliated him . ’’
Nancy Sanders , a former news director at Bridges TV , was also skeptical of the abuse claim , noting the stocky Hassan stood over 6 feet tall and “ filled a doorway , ’’ while Aasiya was slender and several inches shorter .
The trial is expected to start in March .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Passage by Justin Cronin
June 8
Four years ago , Justin Cronin's 9 - year - old daughter told him his books were " probably boring , " and dared him to write a story about a girl who saves the world .
Mr. Cronin , a literary novelist , took her up on it .
The result : a postapocalyptic vampire trilogy , which Stephen King has hailed as a captivating epic .
Mr. Cronin , 47 , says that he and his daughter , Iris , started mapping out the plot for fun .
About two years later , in 2007 , he had written 400 pages of the vampire epic , just half of the eventual book .
" The Passage " takes place in the aftermath of a viral outbreak that turned 40 million people into nocturnal , blood - sucking killers .
An orphan girl proves immune to the virus 's effects but can communicate with infected people .
She becomes the last hope for humanity .
When his agent sent out an incomplete manuscript of " The Passage , " he was n't expecting a big response .
A bidding war broke out , and Mr. Cronin sold the trilogy to Ballantine Books for more than $ 3 million .
Fox 2000 and Ridley Scott 's Scott Free Productions grabbed film rights before the first book in the series was even finished .
How endemic is corruption around the world - and where does it flourish ?
Transparency International 's 2009 Corruption Perceptions Index ( CPI ) is the world 's most credible measure of of domestic , public sector corruption .
Figures released today show that public corruption in Afghanistan has worsened over the past two years and is now more rampant than in any country apart from Somalia .
Afghanistan has sunk for the second straight year in this ranking of 180 nations based on perceived levels of corruption in the public sector .
The CPI scores countries on a scale of zero to 10 , with zero indicating high levels of corruption and 10 , low levels .
That ranking is based on data from country experts and business leaders at 10 independent institutions , including the World Bank , Economist Intelligence Unit and World Economic Forum .
Countries which saw their ranking drop included Iran , which fell to 1.8 from 2.3 following the presidential election in June .
Political turmoil also contributed to a fall in Ukraine 's score to 2.2 from 2.5 .
Greece saw its score slide to 3.8 from 4.7 , reflecting insufficient ' anti- corruption enforcement ' , lengthy delays in the judicial process and a string of corporate scandals that TI said pointed to " systemic weaknesses " .
Fragile , unstable states that are scarred by war and ongoing conflict linger at the bottom of the index .
Meanwhile , the highest scorers in the 2009 CPI are New Zealand , Denmark , Singapore , Sweden and Switzerland .
But the vast majority of countries in the 2009 index scored below five .
The full data is below and we 've added in last year 's rankings too .
Take a look and let us know what you can do with it .
Also check out TI 's interactive map too .
• DATA : download the full dataset , including ISO country codes
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Data summary
The Mel Brooks movie , then Broadway musical , then a movie of a Broadway musical The Producers are the only such dramatic works I know of that were based primarily on a business model .
The plot is a simple scam in three acts : 1 ) most Broadway musicals fail ; 2 ) greedy investors in Broadway shows want a lot of equity for a little money , and ; 3 ) since the show is likely to fail anyway , why not produce a deliberate turkey but make money ( strictly for the producers ) by selling 500 percent of the stock ?
Nobody will know they ’ve been scammed because a deliberate failure will never pay any royalties .
Except , of course , Springtime for Hitler was an unlikely smash hit .
Well similar events take place in technology startups every day , though usually without the smash hit .
I believe there is a lot of fraud in high tech startups , 95 percent of which fail .
With only a five percent chance of surviving , startups face a gauntlet of risks as described in this quote from uber - VC John Doerr in my show Nerds 2.01 : A Brief History of the Internet :
“ There are four categories of risk to look for in every project :
1 ) “ People risk : How the team will work together .
Because inevitably one of the founders does not work out and drops out . ”
2 ) “ Market risk :
This is an incredibly expensive risk to remove .
It is about whether the dogs will eat the dog food .
Is there a market for this product ?
You do not want to be wrong about market risk . ”
3 ) “ Technical risk :
This risk we are quite willing to take on .
Whether or not we can make a pen computer that works , be the first to commercialize a web browser , or split the atom if you will .
That technical risk is one we are comfortable trying to eliminate or take on . ”
4 ) “ Financial risk :
If you have all of the preceding three risks right ( people , market , and technical ) , can you then get the capital that you need to grow the business ?
Typically you can .
There is plenty of capital to finance rapidly growing new technologies that are addressing large markets . ”
Of course Doerr completely forgot to include fraud risk — that investors would simply have their money stolen .
You see sometimes the founder ’s a schmuck .
Tech fraud happens all the time and those who are fooled include the most sophisticated investors ( big shot VCs are not at all immune ) .
Last year alone there were a pair of fraudulent startups uncovered that cost their investors more than $ 50 million each .
Just think of the many frauds that are n’t caught or that are hidden in the books of VC firms , forced to merge into healthier portfolio companies to obscure the shame .
Where ’s the fiduciary responsibility in that ?
Large or small , fraudulent startups all follow The Producers model — they count on the greed of their investors .
Often there is a premise that makes no technical sense but sure sounds good .
Take a flying car , for example : one of those has been raising money from private investors for almost 30 years with no return in sight .
Why do people continue to invest ?
It just sounds so cool .
Rule # 1 : If it requires exceeding the speed of light for any reason , the business is probably a scam .
Investors in startups are supposed to be “ qualified , ” which under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 means they are sophisticated investors with substantial assets — so many assets , in fact , that there is no need for society to protect them from fraud .
That hardly describes Aunt Susie after she cashes - in her 401K to invest in your perpetual motion company , does it ?
Yet Susie gladly signed her stock purchase agreement which said she was prepared to lose it all .
And she did .
Rule # 2 : Only invest in startups money you can truly afford to lose , because you probably will .
Due diligence is the process of an investor checking - out a possible investment .
Is it really a good deal ?
Is the price right ?
Where does the opportunity sit on John Doerr ’s risk list ?
Few individual investors , however , actually perform due diligence .
They invest based on gut feelings and by reading documents sometimes created out of thin air by company founders .
Several years ago I lost what was for me a substantial amount of money investing in a financial patent startup .
It looked great on paper , the only problem being that the paper was forged , simply made up .
Nothing was as it seemed .
The company ’s books literally did n’t exist .
So I sued , spending a lot more money , only to have the founders declare bankruptcy and walk away .
Rule # 3 : Do n’t invest in something you do n’t fully understand .
Giving engineers the benefit of the doubt I ’d guess that 10 - 15 percent of startups are fraudulent to some degree .
Some are outright scams while others are more misadventure — idiots playing with other people ’s money .
If this is the case , then it surprises me that there are n’t many ( any ? ) third - party companies that assess risk for private investors .
A friend of mine once almost bought a web company that was a market leader with ever - increasing traffic , it seemed , no matter what the economy .
Then it turned out those great numbers were guaranteed by a “ black box ” generating spoof hits as - needed .
Advertisers were paying for those phantom clicks , and getting nothing for their money .
Who uncovers activity like this ?
I ’m thinking maybe I will .
I ’ve been thinking lately of offering an advisory service for potential investors in privately - held technology companies , analyzing in each case the five — yes FIVE — kinds of risk to see if that good deal really is good .
It ’s not that I am so smart but that I have very smart friends whom I can bring - in to do the real work .
Now what to call this new business ?
Maybe Chance - in - Hell.com , as in “ Does this investment have a chance in Hell of succeeding ? ”
Or maybe Springtime for Cringely ?
I like it .
What name would you choose ?
And what stories do you have of fraud at technology startups ?
When we demanded back in June for elected bigot Sally Kern to get the hell out of office , little did we know that a transgender attorney might be the one to help the cause .
Kern , the Republican Oklahoma House member , was n’t Queerty ‘s No. 2 Homophobe of the Year by chance .
She ’s cultivated a niche of hating on gay Americans , with brash public statements and alignments with groups like Americans For Truth About Homosexuality .
But now , a challenger to her House seat .
She ’s Brittany Novotny , an attorney from Kern ’s Oklahoma City , and she ’s considering a campaign against Kern for the House District 84 seat .
Novotny is in the beginning stages of her campaign , but she is moving forward ; she ’s filed the necessary paperwork to begin collecting funds , reports Gossip - Boy .
“ I ’m exploring a run for House District 84 because we need a representative who values all families in the district , who is dedicated to bringing good jobs to Oklahoma , and who will work tirelessly to make sure our children are getting the best education in our public schools , ” said Novotny ( pictured on right , with megaphone ) in an earlier statement .
“ I believe I have the experience , drive , and determination to do that . ”
According to Novotny in a communication received this evening , an official announcement about the race is expected in October .
That will be preceded in September by two fundraising events , which are in the planning stage .
A website will be launched next week and will allow supporters to begin contributing to Novotny ’s campaign .
Novotny operates a private law practice specializing in employment and civil rights law in downtown OKC .
She represents the Young Democrats of Oklahoma and is a National Committewoman for the Young Dems – who do acknowledge her gender as being female .
After receiving a sociology degree at the University of Science & Arts in Chickasha , OK , she obtained her law degree from the University of California – Hastings College of Law in 2005 .
Since returning to Oklahoma , she has been active with the Democratic Party and participated in highly visible roles during civil actions for LGBT rights .
In June , she successfully argued on behalf of plaintiff Keith Kimmel in the “ I ’m Gay ” license plate issue , which saw the Oklahoma Tax Commission refusing to issue a car tag with those words .
Administrative Judge Jay Harrington found for the plaintiff and made a number of recommendations to the OTC , which have now gone to the state agency ’s commissioners for review .
It ’s unclear what type of political support Novotny already has , and can build up over the next 12 months .
But at the very least , we imagine the state press will back any alternative to Kern ; they already hate her .
Abstract
We examine the effects of various language design decisions on theprogramming styles available to a user of the language , with particular emphasis on the ability to incrementally construct modular systems .
At each step we exhibit an interactive meta - circular interpreter for the language under consideration .
Each new interpreter is the result of an incremental change to a previous interpreter .
We explore the consequences of various variable binding disciplines and the introduction of side effects .
We find that dynamic scoping is unsuitable for constructing procedural abstractions , but has another role as agent of modularity , being a structured form of side effect .
More general side effects are also found to be necessary to promote modular style .
We find that the notion of side effect and the notion of equality ( object identity ) are mutually constraining ; to define one is to define the other .
The interpreters we exhibit are all written in a simple dialect of LISP , and all implement LISP - like languages .
A subset of these interpreters constitute a partial historical reconstruction of the actual evaluation of LISP .
Removing Freckles
Freckles become quite common with teenagers .
The more popular methods in removing freckles in laser therapy but this is quite expensive for many teenagers .
Image by *M - C1 *
They have to depend on natural methods for removing freckles and these are the best ways to remove them indeed !
They need to be given high dosages of anesthesia and can be quite damaging if one is not consulting a rather experienced institution for this purpose .
There are high costs involved and also the future of your skin .
So you do want to be sure that you are getting the best results in any case .
Cryosurgery has been rather popular in terms of freckles treatment .
There are different forms of technological procedures involved but the person with higher freckles should consider a dermatologist though herbal methods take time they do not harm and bring you better skin at length .
Some blemish lightening processes are applying grated tomato or apples on the freckles .
It is also important to lighten the skin and then apply moisturizer .
This is a process that should be maintained for treatment of any minor freckles .
Liquid nitrogen when frozen and applied to freckles can be a process used by many dermatologists .
Image by MariSheibley
Freckles are not harmful as such but if you are genetically predisposed to freckles then it is evident that you should take better care as indeed such people are more predisposed to develop melanoma .
Recent developments in freckles treatment suggest cryosurgery for these processes .
Evaluating the freckles is very important in these cases .
There can be more danger signs when they are spotted to be of certain kind or present in some specific areas of your body .
But this can only be assessed by a proper dermatologist .
When a dermatologist assesses your skin then you are able to follow a proper route to get to understand it .
Freckles can be prevented by applying the right kind of sunblock and having proper nutrition .
Foods that are high in beta carotene and Vitamin A like carrots , oranges , broccoli , spinach etc. are all great for maintaining good skin condition .
Foods rich in sulphides like peppers , onions , garlic , cucumbers , zucchini , etc are also very good in maintaining skin health .
These fortify your skin from insides and keep it lubricated to prevent teen freckles .
You are also better equipped to stay prevented from sun block problems through this process .
Some freckle removing strips may be available which can remove freckles in teenagers .
But make sure that these strips are safe and teenagers can use them safely .
If you need to be assured that your freckles are in the safe zone then you definitely need to talk to a dermatologist .
If anyone ’s family has an antecedent of cancer and freckles then this would surely harm that person in certain ways .
Proper implementation of treatment is also great as this will help lessening one ’s freckles easier .
Spending less time on the beach or sun tanning oneself would definitely be good if you are prone to freckles .
Usually very fair skinned people are prone to freckles and even melanoma more .
So these steps are essential in taking care of the basics of skin treatment .
There are no serious health threats coming from freckles but it does pay to be carefully protected .
One of the most popular and effective freckle and spot removing products is Blemish Free which is creating some stirs in the breakthrough studies of freckle curing .
It is easy to use and have been known to bring positive results every time you use one .
War and jingoism might postpone , but could not fully suppress , the class anger that came from the realities of ordinary life .
As the twentieth century opened , that anger reemerged .
Emma Goldman , the anarchist and feminist , whose political consciousness was shaped by factory work , the Haymarket executions , the Homestead strike , the long prison term of her lover and comrade , Alexander Berkman , the depression of the 1890s , the strike struggles of New York , her own imprisonment on Blackwell 's Island , spoke at a meeting some years after the Spanish - American war :
How our hearts burned with indignation against the atrocious Spaniards ! .. .
But when the smoke was over , the dead buried , and the cost of the war came back to the people in an increase in the price of commodities and rent - that is , when we sobered up from our patriotic spree - it suddenly dawned on us that the cause of the Spanish - American war was the price of sugar .
. .. that the lives , blood , and money of the American people were used to protect the interests of the American capitalists .
Mark Twain was neither an anarchist nor a radical .
By 1900 , at sixty - five , he was a world - acclaimed writer of funny - serious - American - to - the - bone stories .
He watched the United States and other Western countries go about the world and wrote in the New York Herald as the century began : " I bring you the stately matron named Christendom , returning bedraggled , besmirched , and dishonored from pirate raids in Kiao - Chou , Manchuria , South Africa , and the Philippines , with her soul full of meanness , her pocket full of boodle , and her mouth full of pious hypocrisies . "
There were writers of the early twentieth century who spoke for socialism or criticized the capitalist system harshly - not obscure pamphleteers , but among the most famous of American literary figures , whose books were read by millions : Upton Sinclair , Jack London , Theodore Dreiser , Frank Norris .
Upton Sinclair 's novel
The Jungle , published in 1906 , brought the conditions in the meatpacking plants of Chicago to the shocked attention of the whole country , and stimulated demand for laws regulating the meat industry .
But also , through the story of an immigrant laborer , Jurgis Rudkus , it spoke of socialism , of how beautiful life might be if people cooperatively owned and worked and shared the riches of the earth .
The Jungle was first published in the Socialist newspaper Appeal to Reason ; it was then read by millions as a book , and was translated into seventeen languages .
One of the influences on Upton Sinclair 's thinking was a book , People of the Abyss , by Jack London .
London was a member of the Socialist party .
He had come out of the slums of San Francisco , the child of an unwed mother .
He had been a newsboy , a cannery worker , a sailor , a fisherman , had worked in a jute mill and a laundry , hoboed the railroads to the East Coast , been clubbed by a policeman on the streets of New York and arrested for vagrancy in Niagara Falls , watched men beaten and tortured in jail , pirated oysters in San Francisco Bay , read Flaubert , Tolstoy , Melville , and the Communist Manifesto , preached socialism in the Alaskan gold camps in the winter of 1896 , sailed 2,000 miles back through the Bering Sea , and became a world - famous writer of adventure books .
In 1906 , he wrote his novel The Iron Heel , with its warning of a fascist America , its ideal of a socialist brotherhood of man .
In the course of it , through his characters , he indicts the system .
In the face of the facts that modern man lives more wretchedly than the cave - man , and that his producing power is a thousand times greater than that of the cave - man , no other conclusion is possible than that the capitalist class has mismanaged .. . criminally and selfishly mismanaged .
And with this attack , the vision :
Let us not destroy those wonderful machines that produce efficiently and cheaply .
Let us control them .
Let us profit by their efficiency and cheapness .
Let us run them for ourselves .
That , gentlemen , is socialism ... .
It was a time when even a self - exiled literary figure living in Europe and not prone to political statements - the novelist Henry James - could tour the United States in 1904 and see the country as a " huge Rappacini garden , rank with each variety of the poison - plant of the money passion . "
" Muckrakers , " who raked up the mud and the muck , contributed to the atmosphere of dissent by simply telling what they saw .
Some of the new mass - circulation magazines , ironically enough in the interest of profit , printed their articles : Ida Tarbell 's exposure of the Standard Oil Company ; Lincoln Steffens 's stories of corruption in the major American cities .
By 1900 , neither the patriotism of the war nor the absorption of energy in elections could disguise the troubles of the system .
The process of business concentration had gone forward ; the control by bankers had become more clear .
As technology developed and corporations became larger , they needed more capital , and it was the bankers who had this capital .
By 1904 , more than a thousand railroad lines had been consolidated into six great combinations , each allied with either Morgan or Rockefeller interests .
As Cochran and Miller say :
The imperial leader of the new oligarchy was the House of Morgan .
In its operations it was ably assisted by the First National Bank of New York ( directed by George F. Baker ) and the National City Bank of New York ( presided over by James Stillman , agent of the Rockefeller interests ) .
Among them , these three men and their financial associates occupied 341 directorships in 112 great corporations .
The total resources of these corporations in 1912 was $ 22,245,000,000 , more than the assessed value of all property in the twenty - two states and territories west of the Mississippi River .. ..
Morgan had always wanted regularity , stability , predictability .
An associate of his said in 1901 :
With a man like Mr. Morgan at the head of a great industry , as against the old plan of many diverse interests in it , production would become more regular , labor would be more steadily employed at better wages , and panics caused by over - production would become a thing of the past .
But even Morgan and his associates were not in complete control of such a system .
In 1907 , there was a panic , financial collapse , and crisis .
True , the very big businesses were not hurt , but profits after 1907 were not as high as capitalists wanted , industry was not expanding as fast as it might , and industrialists began to look for ways to cut costs .
One way was Taylorism .
Frederick W. Taylor had been a steel company foreman who closely analyzed every job in the mill , and worked out a system of finely detailed division of labor , increased mechanization , and piecework wage systems , to increase production and profits .
In 1911 , he published a book on " scientific management " that became powerfully influential in the business world .
Now management could control every detail of the worker 's energy and time in the factory .
As Harry Braverman said ( Labor and Monopoly Capital ) , the purpose of Taylorism was to make workers interchangeable , able to do the simple tasks that the new division of labor required - like standard parts divested of individuality and humanity , bought and sold as commodities .
It was a system well fitted for the new auto industry .
In 1909 , Ford sold 10,607 autos ; in 1913 , 168,000 ; in 1914 , 248,000 ( 45 percent of all autos produced ) .
The profit : $ 30 million .
With immigrants a larger proportion of the labor force ( in the Carnegie plants of Allegheny County in 1907 , of the 14,359 common laborers , 11,694 were Eastern Europeans ) , Taylorism , with its simplified unskilled jobs , became more feasible .
In New York City , the new immigrants went to work in the sweatshops .
The poet Edwin Markham wrote in Cosmopolitan magazine , January 1907 :
In unaired rooms , mothers and fathers sew by day and by night .
Those in the home sweatshop must work cheaper than those in the factory sweatshops .
...
And the children are called in from play to drive and drudge beside their elders ..
All the year in New York and in other cities you may watch children radiating to and from such pitiful homes .
Nearly any hour on the East Side of New York City you can see them - pallid boy or spindling girl - their faces dulled , their backs bent under a heavy load of garments piled on head and shoulders , the muscles of the whole frame in a long strain ... .
Is it not a cruel civilization that allows little hearts and little shoulders to strain under these grown - up responsibilities , while in the same city , a pet cur is jeweled and pampered and aired on a fine lady 's velvet lap on the beautiful boulevards ?
The city became a battlefield .
On August 10 , 1905 , the New York Tribune reported that a strike at Federman 's bakery on the Lower East Side led to violence when Federman used scab labor to continue producing :
Strikers or their sympathizers wrecked the bake shop of Philip Federman at No. 183 Orchard Street early last night amid scenes of the most tumultuous excitement .
Policemen smashed heads right and left with their nightsticks after two of their number had been roughly dealt with by the mob .
.. .
There were five hundred garment factories in New York .
A woman later recalled the conditions of work :
. .. dangerously broken stairways .
.. windows few and so dirty .. ..
The wooden floors that were swept once a year .
. ..
Hardly any other light but the gas jets burning by day and by night .
. . the filthy , malodorous lavatory in the dark hall .
No fresh drinking water .. . . mice and roaches .
. . .
During the winter months . . . how we suffered from the cold .
In the summer we suffered from the heat .
. ..
In these disease - breeding holes we , the youngsters together with the men and women toiled from seventy and eighty hours a week !
Saturdays and Sundays included !...
A sign would go up on Saturday afternoon : " If you do n't come in on Sunday , you need not come in on Monday . " ... Children 's dreams of a day off shattered .
We wept , for after all , we were only children .
...
At the Triangle Shirtwaist Company , in the winter of 1909 , women organized and decided to strike .
Soon they were walking the picket line in the cold , knowing they could not win while the other factories were operating .
A mass meeting was called of workers in the other shops , and Clara Lemlich , in her teens , an eloquent speaker , still bearing the signs of her recent beating on the picket line , stood up : " I offer a resolution that a general strike be declared now ! "
The meeting went wild ; they voted to strike .
Pauline Newman , one of the strikers , recalled years later the beginning of the general strike :
Thousands upon thousands left the factories from every side , all of them walking down toward Union Square .
It was November , the cold winter was just around the corner , we had no fur coats to keep warm , and yet there was the spirit that led us on and on until we got to some hall .
. . .
I can see the young people , mostly women , walking down and not caring what might happen .
.. the hunger , cold , loneliness .. ..
They just did n't care on that particular day ; that was their day .
The union had hoped three thousand would join the strike .
Twenty thousand walked out .
Every day a thousand new members joined the union , the International Ladies Garment Workers Union , which before this had few women .
Colored women were active in the strike , which went on through the winter , against police , against scabs , against arrests and prison .
In more than three hundred shops , workers won their demands .
Women now became officials in the union .
Pauline Newman again :
We tried to educate ourselves .
I would invite the girls to my rooms , and we took turns reading poetry in English to improve our understanding of the language .
One of our favorites was Thomas Hood 's " Song of the Shirt , " and another . . .
Percy Bysshe Shelley 's " Mask of Anarchy . " ... " Rise like lions after slumber In unvanquishable number !
Shake your chains to earth , like dew .
Which in sleep had fallen on you -
Ye are many , they are few ! "
The conditions in the factories did not change much .
On the afternoon of March 25 , 1911 , a fire at the Triangle Shirtwaist Company that began in a rag bin swept through the eighth , ninth , and tenth floors , too high for fire ladders to reach .
The fire chief of New York had said that his ladders could reach only to the seventh floor .
But half of New York 's 500,000 workers spent all day , perhaps twelve hours , above the seventh floor .
The laws said factory doors had to open outward .
But at the Triangle Company the doors opened in .
The law said the doors could not be locked during working hours , but at the Triangle Company doors were usually locked so the company could keep track of the employees .
And so , trapped , the young women were burned to death at their work - tables , or jammed against the locked exit door , or leaped to their deaths down the elevator shafts .
The New York World reported :
.. . screaming men and women and boys and girls crowded out on the many window ledges and threw themselves into the streets far below .
They jumped with their clothing ablaze .
The hair of some of the girls streamed up aflame as they leaped .
Thud after thud sounded on the pavements .
It is a ghastly fact that on both the Greene Street and Washington Place sides of the building there grew mounds of the dead and dying .
.. .
From opposite windows spectators saw again and again pitiable companionships formed in the instant of death - girls who placed their arms around each other as they leaped .
When it was over , 146 Triangle workers , mostly women , were burned or crushed to death .
There was a memorial parade down Broadway , and 100,000 marched .
There were more fires .
And accidents .
And sickness .
In the year 1904 , 27,000 workers were killed on the job , in manufacturing , transport , and agriculture .
In one year , 50,000 accidents took place in New York factories alone .
Hat and cap makers were getting respiratory diseases , quarrymen were inhaling deadly chemicals , lithographic printers were getting arsenic poisoning .
A New York State Factory Investigation Commission reported in 1912 :
Sadie is an intelligent , neat , clean girl , who has worked from the time she got her working papers in embroidery factories ....
In her work she was accustomed to use a white powder ( chalk or talcum was usual ) which was brushed over the perforated designs and thus transferred to the cloth .
The design was easily brushed off when made of chalk or of talcum .
...
Her last employer therefore commenced using white lead powder , mixed with rosin , which cheapened the work as the powder could not be rubbed off and necessitate restamping .
None of the girls knew of the change in powder , nor of the danger in its use .. . .
Sadie had been a very strong , healthy girl , good appetite and color ; she began to be unable to eat .
. ..
Her hands and feet swelled , she lost the use of one hand , her teeth and gums were blue .
When she finally had to stop work , after being treated for months for stomach trouble , her physician advised her to go to a hospital .
There the examination revealed the fact that she had lead poisoning .. ..
According to a report of the Commission on Industrial Relations , in 1914 , 35,000 workers were killed in industrial accidents and 700,000 injured .
That year the income of forty - four families making $ 1 million or more equaled the total income of 100,000 families earning $ 500 a year .
The record shows an exchange between Commissioner Harris Weinstock of the Commission on Industrial Relations and President John Osgood , head of a Colorado coal company controlled by the Rockefellers :
WEINSTOCK : If a worker loses his life , are his dependents compensated in any way ?
OSGOOD : Not necessarily .
In some cases they are and in some cases not .
WEINSTOCK : If he is crippled for life is there any compensation ?
OSGOOD : No sir , there is none ....
WEINSTOCK : Then the whole burden is thrown directly upon their shoulders .
OSGOOD : Yes , sir .
WEINSTOCK : The industry hears none of it ?
OSCOOD : No , the industry bears none of it .
Unionization was growing .
Shortly after the turn of the century there were 2 million members of labor unions ( one in fourteen workers ) , 80 percent of them in the American Federation of Labor .
The AFL was an exclusive union - almost all male , almost all white , almost all skilled workers .
Although the number of women workers kept growing - it doubled from 4 million in 1890 to 8 million in 1910 , and women were one - fifth of the labor force - only one in a hundred belonged to a union .
Black workers in 1910 made one - third of the earnings of white workers .
Although Samuel Gompers , head of the AFL , would make speeches about its belief in equal opportunity , the Negro was excluded from most AFL unions .
Gompers kept saying he did not want to interfere with the " internal affairs " of the South ; " I regard the race problem as one with which you people of the Southland will have to deal ; without the interference , too , of meddlers from the outside . "
In the reality of struggle , rank - and - file workers overcame these separations from time to time .
Foner quotes Mary McDowell 's account of the formation of a women 's union in the Chicago stockyards :
It was a dramatic occasion on that evening , when an Irish girl at the door called out -" A Colored sister asks admission .
What shall I do with her ? "
And the answer came from the Irish young woman in the chair - " Admit her , of course , and let all of you give her a hearty welcome ! "
In New Orleans in 1907 a general strike on the levees , involving ten thousand workers ( longshoremen , teamsters , freight handlers ) , black and white , lasted twenty days .
The head of the Negro longshoremen , E. S. Swan , said :
The whites and Negroes were never before so strongly cemented in a common bond and in my 39 years of experience of the levee , I never saw such solidarity .
In all the previous strikes the Negro was used against the white man but that condition is now past and both races are standing together for their common interests ... .
These were exceptions .
In general , the Negro was kept out of the trade union movement .
W. E. B. Du Bois wrote in 1915 : " The net result of all this has been to convince the American Negro that his greatest enemy is not the employer who robs him , but his fellow white working - man . "
Racism was practical for the AFL .
The exclusion of women and foreigners was also practical .
These were mostly unskilled workers , and the AFL , confined mostly to skilled workers , was based on the philosophy of " business unionism " ( in fact , the chief official of each AFL union was called the " business agent " ) , trying to match the monopoly of production by the employer with a monopoly of workers by the union .
In this way it won better conditions for some workers , and left most workers out .
AFL officials drew large salaries , hobnobbed with employers , even moved in high society .
A press dispatch from Atlantic City , New Jersey , the fashionable seaside resort , in the summer of 1910 :
Engaged in a game of bathing suit baseball with President Sam Gompers , Secretary Frank Morrison and other leaders of the A.F. of T , . on the beach this morning , John Mitchell , former head of the mine workers ' union , lost a $ 1000 diamond ring presented to him by his admirers after the settlement of the big Pennsylvania coal strike .
Capt .
George Berke , a veteran life guard , found the ring , whereupon Mitchell peeled a hundred dollar bill from a roll he carried in his pocket and handed it to the captain as a reward for his find .
The well - paid leaders of the AFL were protected from criticism by tightly controlled meetings and by " goon " squads - hired toughs originally used against strikebreakers but after a while used to intimidate and beat up opponents inside the union .
In this situation - terrible conditions of labor , exclusivity in union organization - working people wanting radical change , seeing the root of misery in the capitalist system , moved toward a new kind of labor union .
One morning in June 1905 , there met in a hall in Chicago a convention of two hundred socialists , anarchists , and radical trade unionists from all over the United States .
They were forming the I . W. W. - the Industrial Workers of the World .
Big Bill Haywood , a leader of the Western Federation of Miners , recalled in his autobiography that he picked up a piece of board that lay on the platform and used it for a gavel to open the convention :
Fellow workers .. . .
This is the Continental Congress of the working - class .
We are here to confederate the workers of this country into a working - class movement that shall have for its purpose the emancipation of the working class from the slave bondage of capitalism .. ..
The aims and objects of this organization shall be to put the working - class in possession of the economic power , the means of life , in control of the machinery of production and distribution , without regard to the capitalist masters .
On the speakers ' platform with Haywood were Eugene Debs , leader of the Socialist party , and Mother Mary Jones , a seventy - five - year - old white - haired woman who was an organizer for the United Mine Workers of America .
The convention drew up a constitution , whose preamble said :
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common .
There can be no peace so long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few , who make up the employing class , have all the good things of life .
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until all the toilers come together on the political as well as on the industrial field , and take and hold that which they produce by their labor , through an economic organization of the working class without affiliation with any political party .. ..
One of the IWW pamphlets explained why it broke with the AFL idea of craft unions :
The directory of unions of Chicago shows in 1903 a total of 56 different unions in the packing houses , divided up still more in 14 different national trades unions of the American Federation of Labor .
What a horrible example of an army divided against itself in the face of a strong combination of employers .. . .
The IWW ( or " Wobblies , " as they came to be called , for reasons not really clear ) aimed at organizing all workers in any industry into " One Big Union , " undivided by sex , race , or skills .
They argued against making contracts with the employer , because this had so often prevented workers from striking on their own , or in sympathy with other strikers , and thus turned union people into strikebreakers .
Negotiations by leaders for contracts replaced continuous struggle by the rank and tile , the Wobblies believed .
They spoke of " direct action " :
Direct action means industrial action directly by , for , and of the workers themselves , without the treacherous aid of labor misleaders or scheming politicians .
A strike that is initiated , controlled , and settled by the workers directly affected is direct action .
. .. Direct action is industrial democracy .
One IWW pamphlet said : " Shall I tell you what direct action means ?
The worker on the job shall tell the boss when and where he shall work , how long and for what wages and under what conditions . "
The IWW people were militant , courageous .
Despite a reputation given them by the press , they did not believe in initiating violence , but did fight back when attacked .
In McKees Rocks , Pennsylvania , they led a strike of six thousand workers in 1909 against an affiliate of the U.S. Steel Company , defied the state troopers , and battled with them .
They promised to take a trooper 's life for every worker killed ( in one gun battle four strikers and three troopers were killed ) , and managed to keep picketing the factories until the strike was won .
The IWW saw beyond strikes :
Strikes are mere incidents in the class war ; they are tests of strength , periodical drills in the course of which the workers train themselves for concerted action .
This training is most necessary to prepare the masses for the final " catastrophe , " the general strike which will complete the expropriation of the employers .
The idea of anarcho - syndicalism was developing strongly in Spain and Italy and France at this time - that the workers would take power , not by seizing the state machinery in an armed rebellion , but by bringing the economic system to a halt in a general strike , then taking it over to use for the good of all .
IWW organizer Joseph Ettor said :
If the workers of the world want to win , all they have to do is recognize their own solidarity .
They have nothing to do but fold their arms and the world will stop .
The workers are more powerful with their hands in their pockets than all the property of the capitalists .
. . .
It was an immensely powerful idea .
In the ten exciting years after its birth , the IWW became a threat to the capitalist class , exactly when capitalist growth was enormous and profits huge .
The IWW never had more than five to ten thousand enrolled members at any one time - people came and went , and perhaps a hundred thousand were members at one time or another .
But their energy , their persistence , their inspiration to others , their ability to mobilize thousands at one place , one time , made them an influence on the country far beyond their numbers .
They traveled everywhere ( many were unemployed or migrant workers ) ; they organized , wrote , spoke , sang , spread their message and their spirit .
They were attacked with all the weapons the system could put together : the newspapers , the courts , the police , the army , mob violence .
Local authorities passed laws to stop them from speaking ; the IWW defied these laws .
In Missoula , Montana , a lumber and mining area , hundreds of Wobblies arrived by boxcar after some had been prevented from speaking .
They were arrested one after another until they clogged the jails and the courts , and finally forced the town to repeal its antispeech ordinance .
In Spokane , Washington , in 1909 , an ordinance was passed to stop street meetings , and an IWW organizer who insisted on speaking was arrested .
Thousands of Wobblies marched into the center of town to speak .
One by one they spoke and were arrested , until six hundred were in jail .
Jail conditions were brutal , and several men died in their cells , but the IWW won the right to speak .
In Fresno , California , in 1911 , there was another free speech fight .
The San Francisco Call commented :
It is one of those strange situations which crop up suddenly and are hard to understand .
Some thousands of men , whose business it is to work with their hands , tramping and stealing rides , suffering hardships and facing dangers - to get into jail .
. . .
In jail they sang , they shouted , they made speeches through the bars to groups that gathered outside the prison .
As Joyce Kornbluh reports in her remarkable collection of TWW documents , Rebel Voices :
They took turns lecturing about the class struggle and leading the singing of Wobbly songs .
When they refused to stop , the jailor sent for fire department trucks and ordered the fire hoses turned full force on the prisoners .
The men used their mattresses as shields , and quiet was only restored when the icy water reached knee - high in the cells .
When city officials heard that thousands more were planning to come into town , they lifted the ban on street speaking and released the prisoners in small groups .
That same year in Aberdeen , Washington , once again laws against free speech , arrests , prison , and , unexpectedly , victory .
One of the men arrested , " Stumpy " Payne , a carpenter , farm hand , editor of an IWW newspaper , wrote about the experience :
Here they were , eighteen men in the vigor of life , most of whom came long distances through snow and hostile towns by beating their way , penniless and hungry , into a place where a jail sentence was the gentlest treatment that could be expected , and where many had already been driven into the swamps and beaten nearly to death .
...
Yet here they were , laughing with boyish glee at tragic tellings that to them were jokes .. . .
But what was the motive behind the actions of these men ? . . .
Why were they here ?
Is the call of Brotherhood in the human race greater than any fear or discomfort , despite the efforts of the masters of life for six thousand years to root out that call of Brotherhood from our minds ?
In San Diego , Jack White , a Wobbly arrested in a free - speech fight in 1912 , sentenced to six months in the county jail on a bread and water diet , was asked if he had anything to say to the court .
A stenographer recorded what he said :
The prosecuting attorney , in his plea to the jury , accused me of saying on a public platform at a public meeting , " To hell with the courts , we know what justice is . "
He told a great truth when he lied , for if he had searched the innermost recesses of my mind he could have found that thought , never expressed by me before , but which I express now , " To hell with your courts , I know what justice is , " for I have sat in your court room day after day and have seen members of my class pass before this , the so - called bar of justice .
I have seen you , Judge Sloane , and others of your kind , send them to prison because they dared to infringe upon the sacred rights of property .
You have become blind and deaf to the rights of man to pursue life and happiness , and you have crushed those rights so that the sacred right of property shall be preserved .
Then you tell me to respect the law .
I do not .
I did violate the law , as I will violate every one of your laws and still come before you and say " To hell with the courts . " ...
The prosecutor lied , but I will accept his lie as a truth and say again so that you , Judge Sloane , may not be mistaken as to my altitude , " To hell with your courts , I know what justice is . "
There were also beatings , fairings and featherings , defeats .
One IWW member , John Stone , tells of being released from the jail at San Diego at midnight with another IWW man and forced into an automobile :
We were taken out of the city , about twenty miles , where the machine stopped .
... a man in the rear struck me with a blackjack several times on the head and shoulders ; the other man then struck me on the mouth with his fist .
The men in the rear then sprang around and kicked me in the stomach .
I then started to run away ; and heard a bullet go past me .
I stopped . ...
In the morning I examined Joe Marko 's condition and found that the back of his head had been split open .
In 1916 , in Everett , Washington , a boatload of Wobblies was fired on by two hundred armed vigilantes gathered by the sheriff , and five Wobblies were shot to death , thirty - one wounded .
Two of the vigilantes were killed , nineteen wounded .
The following year - the year the United States entered World War I -vigilantes in Montana seized IWW organizer Frank Little , tortured him , and hanged him , leaving his body dangling from a railroad trestle .
Joe Hill , an IWW organizer , wrote dozens of songs - biting , funny , class - conscious , inspiring - that appeared in IWW publications and in its Little Red Song Book .
He became a legend in his time and after .
His song " The Preacher and the Slave " had a favorite IWW target , the church :
Long - haired preachers come out every night ,
Try to tell you what 's wrong and what 's right ;
But when asked how about something to eat
They will answer with voices so sweet :
You will eat , bye and bye ,
In that glorious land above the sky ;
Work and pray , live on hay ,
You 'll get pie in the sky when you die .
His song " Rebel Girl " was inspired by the strike of women at the textile mills in Lawrence , Massachusetts , and especially by the IWW leader of that strike , Elizabeth Gurley Flynn :
There are women of many descriptions
In this queer world , as everyone knows .
Some are living in beautiful mansions ,
And are wearing the finest of clothes .
There are blue - blooded queens and princesses ,
Who have charms made of diamonds and pearl ,
But the only and Thoroughbred Lady
Is the Rebel Girl .
In November 1915 , Joe Hill was accused of killing a grocer in Salt Lake City , Utah , in a robbery .
There was no direct evidence presented to the court that he had committed the murder , but there were enough pieces of evidence to persuade a jury to find him guilty .
The case became known throughout the world , and ten thousand letters went to the governor in protest , but with machine guns guarding the entrance to the prison , Joe Hill was executed by a firing squad .
He had written Bill Haywood just before this : " Do n't waste any time in mourning .
Organize . "
The IWW became involved in a set of dramatic events in Lawrence , Massachusetts , in the year 1912 , where the American Woolen Company owned four mills .
The work force were immigrant families - Portuguese , French - Canadian , English , Irish , Russian , Italian , Syrian , Lithuanian , German , Polish , Belgian - who lived in crowded , flammable wooden tenements .
The average wage was $ 8.76 a week .
A woman physician in Lawrence , Dr. Elizabeth Shapleigh , wrote :
A considerable number of the boys and girls die within the first two or three years after beginning work ... thirty - six out of every 100 of all the men and women who work in the mill the before or by the time they are twenty - five years of age .
It was in January , midwinter , when pay envelopes distributed to weavers at one of the mills - Polish women - showed that their wages , already too low to feed their families , had been reduced .
They stopped their looms and walked out of the mill .
The next day , five thousand workers at another mill quit work , marched to still another mill , rushed the gates , shut off the power to the looms , and called on the other workers to leave .
Soon ten thousand workers were on strike .
A telegram went to Joseph Ettor , a twenty - six - year - old Italian , an IWW leader in New York , to come to Lawrence to help conduct the strike .
He came .
A committee of fifty was set up , representing every nationality among the workers , to make the important decisions .
Less than a thousand millworkers belonged to the IWW , but the AFL had ignored the unskilled workers , and so they turned to the IWW '' leadership in the strike .
The IWW organized mass meetings and parades .
The strikers had to supply food and fuel for 50,000 people ( the entire population of Lawrence was 86,000 ) ; soup kitchens were set up , and money began arriving from all over the country - from trade unions , IWW locals , socialist groups , individuals .
The mayor called out the local militia ; the governor ordered out the state police .
A parade of strikers was attacked by police a few weeks after the strike began .
This led to rioting all that day .
In the evening , a striker , Anna LoPizzo , was shot and killed .
Witnesses said a policeman did it , but the authorities arrested Joseph Ettor and another IWW organizer who had come to Lawrence , a poet named Arturo Giovanitti .
Neither was at the scene of the shooting , but the charge was that " Joseph Ettor and Arturo Giovanitti did incite , procure , and counsel or command the said person whose name is not known to commit the said murder .. .. "
With Ettor , head of the strike committee , in jail , Big Bill Haywood was called in to replace him ; other IWW organizers , including Elizabeth Gurley Flynn , came into Lawrence .
Now there were twenty - two companies of militia and two troops of cavalry in the city .
Martial law was declared , and citizens were forbidden to talk on the street .
Thirty - six strikers were arrested , many sentenced to a year in prison .
On Tuesday , January 30 , a young Syrian striker , John Ramy , was bayoneted to death .
But the strikers were still out , and the mills were not working .
Ettor said : " Bayonets can not weave cloth . "
In February , the strikers began mass picketing , seven thousand to ten thousand pickets in an endless chain , marching through the mill districts , with white armbands : " Do n't be a scab . "
But their food was running out and the children were hungry .
It was proposed by the New York Call , a Socialist newspaper , that the children of strikers be sent to sympathetic families in other cities to take care of them while the strike lasted .
This had been done by strikers in Europe , never in the United States - but in three days , the Call got four hundred letters offering to take children .
The IWW and the Socialist party began to organize the children 's exodus , taking applications from families who wanted them , arranging medical exams for the youngsters .
On February 10 , over a hundred children , aged four to fourteen , left Lawrence for New York City .
They were greeted at Grand Central Station by five thousand Italian Socialists singing the " Marseillaise " and the " International . "
The following week , another hundred children came to New York , and thirty - five to Barre , Vermont .
It was becoming clear : if the children were taken care of , the strikers could stay out , for their spirit was high .
The city officials in Lawrence , citing a statute on child neglect , said no more children would be permitted to leave Lawrence .
Despite the city edict , a group of forty children assembled on February 24 to go to Philadelphia .
The railroad station was filled with police , and the scene that followed was described to Congressmen by a member of the Women 's Committee of Philadelphia :
When the time approached to depart , the children arranged in a long line , two by two , in orderly procession , with their parents near at hand , were about to make their way to the train when the police closed in on us with their clubs , beating right and left , with no thought of children , who were in the most desperate danger of being trampled to death .
The mothers and children were thus hurled in a mass and bodily dragged to a military truck , and even then clubbed , irrespective of the cries of the panic - stricken women and children ....
A week after that , women returning from a meeting were surrounded by police and clubbed ; one pregnant woman was carried unconscious to a hospital and gave birth to a dead child .
Still , the strikers held out .
" They are always marching and singing , " reporter Mary Heaton Vorse wrote .
" The tired , gray crowds ebbing and flowing perpetually into the mills had waked and opened their mouths to sing . "
The American Woolen Company decided to give in .
It offered raises of 5 to 11 percent ( the strikers insisted that the largest increases go to the lowest - paid ) , time and a quarter for overtime , and no discrimination against those who had struck .
On March 14 , 1912 , ten thousand strikers gathered on the Lawrence Common and , with Bill Haywood presiding , voted to end the strike .
Ettor and Giovanitti went on trial .
Support for them had been mounting all over the country .
There were parades in New York and Boston ; on September 30 , fifteen thousand Lawrence workers struck for twenty - four hours to show their support for the two men .
After that , two thousand of the most active strikers were fired , but the IWW threatened to call another strike , and they were put back .
A jury found Ettor and Giovanitti not guilty , and that afternoon , ten thousand people assembled in Lawrence to celebrate .
The IWW took its slogan " One Big Union " seriously .
Women , foreigners , black workers , the lowliest and most unskilled of workers , were included when a factory or mine was organized .
When the Brotherhood of Timber Workers organized in Louisiana and invited Bill Haywood to speak to them in 1912 ( shortly after the Lawrence victory ) , he expressed surprise that no Negroes were at the meeting .
He was told it was against the law to have interracial meetings in Louisiana .
Haywood told the convention :
You work in the same mills together .
Sometimes a black man and a white man chop down the same tree together .
You are meeting in convention now to discuss the conditions under which yon labor ... .
Why not be sensible about this and call the Negroes into the Convention ?
If it is against the law , this is one time when the law should be broken .
Negroes were invited into the convention , which then voted to affiliate with the TWW .
In 1900 there were 500,000 women office workers - in 1870 there had been 19,000 .
Women were switchboard operators , store workers , nurses .
Half a million were teachers .
The teachers formed a leachers League that fought against the automatic firing of women who became pregnant .
The following '' Rules for Female Teachers " were posted by the school board of one town in Massachusetts :
Do not get married .
Do not leave town at any time without permission of the school board .
Do not keep company with men .
Be home between the hours of 8 P.M. and 6 A.M.
Do not loiter downtown , in ice cream stores .
Do not smoke .
Do not get into a carriage with any man except your father or brother .
Do not dress in bright colors .
Do not dye your hair .
Do not wear any dress more than two inches above the ankle .
The conditions of women working in a Milwaukee brewery were described by Mother Mary Jones , who worked there briefly in 1910 ( she was close to eighty at this time ) :
Condemned to slave daily in the wash - room in wet shoes and wet clothes , surrounded with foul - mouthed , brutal foremen ... the poor girls work in the vile smell of sour beer , lifting cases of empty and full bottles weighing from 100 to 150 pounds .. ..
Rheumatism is one of the chronic ailments and is closely followed by consumption .. ..
The foreman even regulates the time the girls may stay in the toilet room .
...
Many of the girls have no home nor parents and are forced to feed and clothe and shelter themselves . . . on $ 3.00 a week .
...
In the laundries , women organized .
In 1909 , the Handbook of the Women 's Trade Union Industrial League wrote about women in steam laundries :
How would you like to iron a shirt a minute ?
Think of standing at a mangle just above the washroom with the hot steam pouring up through the floor for 10 , 12 , 14 and sometimes 17 hours a day !
Sometimes the floors are made of cement and then it seems as though one were standing on hot coals , and the workers are dripping with perspiration ....
They are . . . breathing air laden with particles of soda , ammonia , and other chemicals !
The Laundry Workers Union ... in one city reduced this long day to 9 hours , and has increased the wages 50 percent .. . .
Labor struggles could make things better , but the country 's resources remained in the hands of powerful corporations whose motive was profit , whose power commanded the government of the United States .
There was an idea in the air , becoming clearer and stronger , an idea not just in the theories of Karl Marx but in the dreams of writers and artists through the ages : that people might cooperatively use the treasures of the earth to make life better for everyone , not just a few .
Around the turn of the century , strike struggles were multiplying - in the 1890s there had been about a thousand strikes a year ; by 1904 there were four thousand strikes a year .
Law and military force again and again took the side of the rich .
It was a time when hundreds of thousands of Americans began to think of socialism .
Debs wrote in 1904 , three years after the formation of the Socialist party :
The " pure and simple " trades union of the past does not answer the requirements of today .
. . .
The attempt of each trade to maintain its own independence separately and apart from others results in increasing jurisdictional entanglements , fruitful of dissension , strife and ultimate disruption .. . .
The members of a trades union should be taught ... that the labor movement means more , infinitely more , than a paltry increase in wages and the strike necessary to secure it ; that while it engages to do all that possibly can be done to better the working conditions of its members , its higher object is to overthrow the capitalist system of private ownership of the tools of labor , abolish wage - slavery and achieve the freedom of the whole working class and , in fact , of all mankind .. ..
What Debs accomplished was not in theory , or analysis , but in expressing eloquently , passionately , what people were feeling .
The writer Heywood Broun once quoted a fellow Socialist speaking of Debs : " That old man with the burning eyes actually believes that there can be such a thing as the brotherhood of man .
And that 's not the funniest part of it .
As long as he 's around I believe it myself . "
Eugene Debs had become a Socialist while in jail in the Pullman strike .
Now he was the spokesman of a party that made him its presidential candidate five times .
The party at one time had 100,000 members , and 1,200 office holders in 340 municipalities .
Its main newspaper , Appeal to Reason , for which Debs wrote , had half a million subscribers , and there were many other Socialist newspapers around the country , so that , all together , perhaps a million people read the Socialist press .
Socialism moved out of the small circles of city immigrants - Jewish and German socialists speaking their own languages - and became American .
The strongest Socialist state organization was in Oklahoma , which in 1914 had twelve thousand dues - paying members ( more than New York State ) , and elected over a hundred Socialists to local office , including six to the Oklahoma state legislature .
There were fifty - five weekly Socialist newspapers in Oklahoma , Texas , Louisiana , Arkansas , and summer encampments that drew thousands of people .
James Green describes these Southwest radicals , in his book Grass - Roots Socialism , as " indebted homesteaders , migratory tenant farmers , coal miners and railroad workers , ' redbone ' lumberjacks from the piney woods , preachers and school teachers from the sunbaked prairies ... village artisans and atheists ... the unknown people who created the strongest regional Socialist movement in United States history . "
Green continues :
The Socialist movement . . . was painstakingly organized by scores of former Populists , militant miners , and blacklisted railroad workers , who were assisted by a remarkable cadre of professional agitators and educators and inspired by occasional visits from national figures like Eugene V. Debs and Mother Jones .
. . .
This core of organizers grew to include indigenous dissenters .
... a much larger group of amateur agitators who canvassed the region selling newspapers , forming reading groups , organizing locals , and making soapbox speeches .
There was almost a religious fervor to the movement , as in the eloquence of Debs .
In 1906 , after the imprisonment in Idaho of Bill Haywood and two other officers of the Western Federation of Miners on an apparently faked murder charge , Debs wrote a naming article in the Appeal to Reason :
Murder has been plotted and is about to be executed in the name and under the forms of law .
. ..
It is a foul plot ; a damnable conspiracy ; a hellish outrage .
...
If they attempt to murder Moyer , Haywood and their brothers , a million revolutionists , at least , will meet them with guns .
.. .
Capitalist courts never have done , and never will do , anything for the working class .
. . .
A special revolutionary convention of the proletariat .
.. would be in order , and , if extreme measures are required , a general strike could be ordered and industry paralyzed as a preliminary to a general uprising .
If the plutocrats begin the program , we will end it .
Theodore Roosevelt , after reading this , sent a copy to his Attorney General , W. II .
Moody , with a note : " is it possible to proceed against Debs and the proprietor of this paper criminally ? "
As the Socialists became more successful at the polls ( Debs got 900,000 votes in 1912 , double what he had in 1908 ) , and more concerned with increasing that appeal , they became more critical of IWW tactics of " sabotage " and " violence , " and in 1913 removed Bill Haywood from the Socialist Party Executive Committee , claiming he advocated violence ( although some of Debs 's writings were far more inflammatory ) .
Women were active in the socialist movement , more as rank - and - file workers than as leaders - and , sometimes , as sharp critics of socialist policy .
Helen Keller , for instance , the gifted blind - mute - deaf woman with her extraordinary social vision , commented on the expulsion of Bill Haywood in a letter to the New York Call :
It is with the deepest regret that I have read the attacks upon Comrade Haywood . .. such an ignoble strife between two factions which should be one , and that , too , at a most critical period in the struggle of the proletariat .
...
What ?
Are we to put difference of party tactics before the desperate needs of the workers ?
...
While countless women and children are breaking their hearts and ruining their bodies in long days of toil , we are fighting one another .
Shame upon us !
Only 3 percent of the Socialist party 's members were women in 1904 .
At the national convention that year , there were only eight women delegates .
But in a few years , local socialist women 's organizations , and a national magazine , Socialist Woman , began bringing more women into the party , so that by 1913 , 15 percent of the membership was women .
The editor of Socialist Woman , Josephine Conger - Kaneko , insisted on the importance of separate groups for women :
In the separate organization the most unsophisticated little woman may soon learn to preside over a meeting , to make motions , and to defend her stand with a little " speech " .
After a year or two of this sort of practice she is ready to work with the men .
And there is a mighty difference between working with the men , and simply sitting in obedient reverence under the shadow of their aggressive power .
Socialist women were active in the feminist movement of the early 1900s .
According to Kate Richards O'Hare , the Socialist leader from Oklahoma , New York women socialists were superbly organized .
During the 1915 campaign in New York for a referendum on women 's suffrage , in one day at the climax of the campaign , they distributed 60,000 English leaflets , 50,000 Yiddish leaflets , sold 2,500 one - cent books and 1,500 five - cent hooks , put up 40,000 stickers , and held 100 meetings .
But were there problems of women that went beyond politics and economics , that would not be solved automatically by a socialist system ?
Once the economic base of sexual oppression was corrected , would equality follow ?
Battling for the vote , or for anything less than revolutionary change - was that pointless ?
The argument became sharper as the women 's movement of the early twentieth century grew , as women spoke out more , organized , protested , paraded - for the vote , and for recognition as equals in every sphere , including sexual relations and marriage .
Charlotte Perkins Oilman , whose writing emphasized the crucial question of economic equality between the sexes , wrote a poem called " The Socialist and the Suffragist , " ending with :
" A lifted world lifts women up , "
The Socialist explained .
" You can not lift the world at all
While half of it is kept so small , "
the Suffragist maintained .
The world awoke , and tartly spoke :
" Your work is all the same ;
Work together or work apart ,
Work , each of you , with all your heart -
Just get into the game ! "
When Susan Anthony , at eighty , went to hear Eugene Debs speak ( twenty - five years before , he had gone to hear her speak , and they had not met since then ) , they clasped hands warmly , then had a brief exchange .
She said , laughing : " Give us suffrage , and we 'll give you socialism , " Debs replied : " Give us socialism and we 'll give you suffrage . "
There were women who insisted on uniting the two aims of socialism and feminism , like Crystal Eastman , who imagined new ways of men and women living together and retaining their independence , different from traditional marriage .
She was a socialist , but wrote once that a woman " knows that the whole of woman 's slavery is not summed up in the profit system , nor her complete emancipation assured by the downfall of capitalism . "
In the first fifteen years of the twentieth century , there were more women in the labor force , more with experience in labor struggles .
Some middle - class women , conscious of women 's oppression and wanting to do something , were going to college and becoming aware of themselves as not just housewives .
The historian William Chafe writes ( Women and Equality ) :
Female college students were infused with a self - conscious sense of mission and a passionate commitment to improve the world .
They became doctors , college professors , settlement house workers , business women , lawyers , and architects .
Spirited by an intense sense of purpose as well as camaraderie , they set a remarkable record of accomplishment in the face of overwhelming odds .
Jane Addams , Grace and Edith Abbott , Alice Hamilton , Julia Lathrop , Florence Kelley - all came out of this pioneering generation and set the agenda of social reform for the first two decades of the 20th century .
They were defying the culture of mass magazines , which were spreading the message of woman as companion , wife , homemaker .
Some of these feminists married ; some did not .
All struggled with the problem of relations with men , like Margaret Sanger , pioneer of birth control education , who suffered a nervous breakdown inside an apparently happy but confining marriage ; she had to leave husband and children to make a career for herself and feel whole again .
Sanger had written in Woman and the New Race : " No woman can call herself free who does not own and control her own body .
No woman can call herself free until she can choose conscientiously whether she will or will not be a mother . "
It was a complicated problem .
Kate Richards O'Hare , for example , believed in the home , but thought socialism would make that better .
When she ran for Congress in 1910 in Kansas City she said : " I long for domestic life , borne and children with every fiber of my being .. . .
Socialism is needed to restore the home . "
On the other hand , Elizabeth Gurley Flynn wrote in her autobiography , Rebel Girl :
A domestic life and possibly a large family had no attraction for me .
... I wanted to speak and write , to travel , to meet people , to see places , to organize for the I .
W.W .
I saw no reason why I , as a woman , should give up my work for this .
. . .
While many women in this time were radicals , socialists , anarchists , an even larger number were involved in the campaign for suffrage , and the mass support for feminism came from them .
Veterans of trade union struggles joined the suffrage movement , like Rose Schneiderman of the Garment Workers .
At a Cooper Union meeting in New York , she replied to a politician who said that women , given the vote , would lose their femininity :
Women in the laundries .. . stand for thirteen or fourteen hours in the terrible steam and heat with their hands in hot starch .
Surely these women wo n't lose any more of their beauty and charm by putting a ballot in a ballot box once a year than they are likely to lose standing in foundries or laundries all year round .
Every spring in New York , the parades for women 's suffrage kept growing .
In 1912 , a news report :
All along Fifth Avenue from Washington Square , where the parade formed , to 57th Street , where it disbanded , were gathered thousands of men and women of New York .
They blocked every cross street on the line of march .
Many were inclined to laugh and jeer , but none did .
The sight of the impressive column of women striding five abreast up the middle of the street stifled all thought of ridicule .
.. . women doctors , women lawyers . . . women architects , women artists , actresses and sculptors ; women waitresses , domestics ; a huge division of industrial workers ... all marched with an intensity and purpose that astonished the crowds that lined the streets .
From Washington , in the spring of 1913 , came a New York Times report :
In a woman 's suffrage demonstration to - day the capital saw the greatest parade of women in its history ....
In the parade over 5000 women passed down Pennsylvania Avenue ....
It was an astonishing demonstration .
It was estimated ... that 500,000 persons watched the women march for their cause .
Some women radicals were skeptical .
Emma Goldman , the anarchist and feminist , spoke her mind forcefully , as always , on the subject of women 's suffrage :
Our modern fetish is universal suffrage .. . .
The women of Australia and New Zealand can vote , and help make the laws .
Are the labor conditions better there ?. . .
The history of the political activities of man proves that they have given him absolutely nothing that he could not have achieved in a more direct , less costly , and more lasting manner .
As a matter of fact , every inch of ground he has gained has been through a constant fight , a ceaseless struggle for self - assertion , and not through suffrage .
There is no reason whatever to assume that woman , in her climb to emancipation , has been , or will be , helped by the ballot .
. ..
Her development , her freedom , her independence , must come from and through herself .
First , by asserting herself as a personality .
Second , by refusing the right to anyone over her body ; by refusing to bear children , unless she wants them ; by refusing to be a servant to God , the State , society , the husband , the family , etc. by making her life simpler , but deeper and richer .. . .
Only that , and not the ballot , will set woman free .. . .
And Helen Keller , writing in 1911 to a suffragist in England :
Our democracy is but a name .
We vote ?
What does that mean ?
It means that we choose between two bodies of real , though not avowed , autocrats .
We choose between Tweedledum and Tweedledee .. . .
You ask for votes for women .
What good can votes do when ten-elevenths of the land of Great Britain belongs to 200,000 and only one - eleventh to the rest of the 40,000,000 ?
Have your men with their millions of votes freed themselves from this injustice ?
Emma Goldman was not postponing the changing of woman 's condition to some future socialist era-she wanted action more direct , more immediate , than the vote .
Helen Keller , while not an anarchist , also believed in continuous struggle outside the ballot box .
Blind , deaf , she fought with her spirit , her pen .
When she became active and openly socialist , the Brooklyn Eagle , which had previously treated her as a heroine , wrote that " her mistakes spring out of the manifest limitations of her development . "
Her response was not accepted by the Eagle , but printed in the New York Call .
She wrote that when once she met the editor of the Brooklyn Eagle he complimented her lavishly .
" But now that I have come out for socialism he reminds me and the public that I am blind and deaf and especially liable to error .
. . . "
She added :
Oh , ridiculous Brooklyn Eagle !
What an ungallant bird it is !
Socially blind and deaf , it defends an intolerable system , a system that is the cause of much of the physical blindness and deafness which we are trying to prevent .
.. .
The Eagle and I are at war .
I hate the system which it represents .. ..
When it fights back , let it fight fair ....
It is not fair fighting or good argument to remind me and others that I can not see or hear .
I can read .
I can read all the socialist books I have time for in English , German and French .
If the editor of the Brooklyn Eagle should read some of them , he might be a wiser man , and make a better newspaper .
If I ever contribute to the Socialist movement the book that I sometimes dream of , I know what I shall name it : Industrial Blindness and Social Deafness .
Mother Jones did not seem especially interested in the feminist movement .
She was busy organizing textile workers and miners , and organizing their wives and children .
One of her many feats was the organization of a children 's march to Washington to demand the end of child labor ( as the twentieth century opened , 284,000 children between the ages of ten and fifteen worked in mines , mills , factories ) .
She described this :
In the spring of 1903 , I went to Kensington , Pennsylvania , where seventy - five thousand textile workers were on strike .
Of this number at least ten thousand were little children .
The workers were striking for more pay and shorter hours .
Every day little children came into Union Headquarters , some with their hands off , some with the thumb missing , some with their fingers off at the knuckle .
They were stooped little things , round shouldered and skinny ...
I asked some of the parents if they would let me have their little boys and girls for a week or ten days , promising to bring them back safe and sound .
... A man named Sweeny was marshal ....
A few men and women went with me .
.. .
The children carried knapsacks on their backs in which was a knife and fork , a tin cup and plate .. ..
One little fellow had a drum and another had a fife ....
We carried banners that said : ... " We want time to play ... .
The children marched through New Jersey and New York and down to Oyster Bay to try to see President Theodore Roosevelt , but he refused to see them .
" But our march had done its work .
We had drawn the attention of the nation to the crime of child labor . "
That same year , children working sixty hours a week in textile mills in Philadelphia went on strike , carrying signs : " WE WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL ! " " 55 HOURS OR NOTHING ! "
One gets a sense of the energy and fire of some of those turn - of - the - century radicals by looking at the police record of Elizabeth Gurley Flynn :
1906 - 16 , Organizer , lecturer for I.W.W. 1918 - 24 , Organizer , Workers Defense Union Arrested in New York , 1906 , free - speech case , dismissed ; active in Spokane , Washington , free - speech fight , 1909 ; arrested , Missoula , Montana , 1909 , in free - speech fight of I.W.W. , Spokane , Washington , free - speech fight of I.W.W , hundreds arrested ; in Philadelphia arrested three times , 1911 , at strike ; meetings of Baldwin Locomotive Works ; active in Lawrence textile strike , 1912 ; hotel - workers strike , 1912 , New York ; Paterson textile strike , 1913 ; defense work for Ettor - Giovanitti case , 1912 ; Mesaba Range strike , Minnesota , 1916 ; Everett IWW case , Spokane , Washington , 1916 ; Joe Hill defense , 1914 .
Arrested Duluth , Minnesota , 1917 , charged with vagrancy under law passed to stop I.W.W. and pacifist speakers , case dismissed .
Indicted in Chicago IWW case , 1917 ... .
Black women faced double oppression .
A Negro nurse wrote to a newspaper in 1912 :
We poor colored women wage - earners in the South are fighting a terrible battle .
...
On the one hand , we are assailed by black men , who should be our natural protectors ; and , whether in the cook kitchen , at the washtub , over the sewing machine , behind the baby carriage , or at the ironing board , we are but little more than pack horses , beasts of burden , slaves ! ...
In this early part of the twentieth century , labeled by generations of white scholars as " the Progressive period , " lynchings were reported every week ; it was the low point for Negroes , North and South , " the nadir , " as Rayford Logan , a black historian , put it .
In 1910 there were 10 million Negroes in the United States , and 9 million of them were in the South .
The government of the United States ( between 1901 and 1921 , the Presidents were Theodore Roosevelt , William Howard Taft , Woodrow Wilson ) - whether Republican or Democrat - watched Negroes being lynched , observed murderous riots against blacks in Statesboro , Georgia , Brownsville , Texas , and Atlanta , Georgia , and did nothing .
There were Negroes in the Socialist party , but the Socialist party did not go much out of its way to act on the race question .
As Ray Ginger writes of Debs : " When race prejudice was thrust at Debs , he always publicly repudiated it .
He always insisted on absolute equality .
But he failed to accept the view that special measures were sometimes needed to achieve this equality . "
Blacks began to organize : a National Afro-American Council formed in 1903 to protest against lynching , peonage , discrimination , disfranchisement ; the National Association of Colored Women , formed around the same time , condemned segregation and lynchings .
In Georgia in 1906 there was an Equal Rights Convention , which pointed to 260 Georgia Negroes lynched since 1885 .
It asked the right to vote , the right to enter the militia , to be on juries .
It agreed blacks should work hard .
" And at the same time we must agitate , complain , protest and keep protesting against the invasion of our manhood rights .. , . "
W. E. B. Du Bois , teaching in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1905 , sent out a letter to Negro leaders throughout the country , calling them to a conference just across the Canadian border from Buffalo , near Niagara Falls .
It was the start of the " Niagara Movement . "
Du Bois , born in Massachusetts , the first black to receive a Ph.D. degree from Harvard University ( 1895 ) , had just written and published his poetic , powerful book The Souls of Black Folk .
Du Bois was a Socialist sympathizer , although only briefly a party member .
One of his associates in calling the Niagara meeting was William Monroe Trotter , a young black man in Boston , of militant views , who edited a weekly newspaper , the Guardian .
In it he attacked the moderate ideas of Booker T. Washington .
When , in the summer of 1903 , Washington spoke to an audience of two thousand at a Boston church , Trotter and his supporters prepared nine provocative questions , which caused a commotion and led to fistfights .
Trotter and a friend were arrested .
This may have added to the spirit of indignation which led Du Bois to spearhead the Niagara meeting .
The tone of the Niagara group was strong :
We refuse to allow the impression to remain that the Negro - American assents to inferiority , is submissive under oppression and apologetic before insults .
Through helplessness we may submit , but the voice of protest of ten million Americans must never cease to assail the ears of their fellows so long as America is unjust .
A race riot in Springfield , Illinois , prompted the formation of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in 1910 .
Whites dominated the leadership of the new organization ; Du Bois was the only black officer .
He was also the first editor of the NAACP periodical The Crisis .
The NAACP concentrated on legal action and education , but Du Bois represented in it that spirit which was embodied in the Niagara movement 's declaration : " Persistent manly agitation is the way to liberty . "
What was clear in this period to blacks , to feminists , to labor organizers and socialists , was that they could not count on the national government .
True , this was the " Progressive Period , " the start of the Age of Reform ; but it was a reluctant reform , aimed at quieting the popular risings , not making fundamental changes .
What gave it the name " Progressive " was that new laws were passed .
Under Theodore Roosevelt , there was the Meat Inspection Act , the Hepburn Act to regulate railroads and pipelines , a Pure Food and Drug Act.
Under Taff , the Mann - Elkins
Act put telephone and telegraph systems under the regulation of the Interstate Commerce Commission .
In Woodrow Wilson 's presidency , the Federal Trade Commission was introduced to control the growth of monopolies , and the Federal Reserve Act to regulate the country 's money and banking system .
Under Taft were proposed the Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution , allowing a graduated income tax , and the Seventeenth Amendment , providing for the election of Senators directly by popular vote instead of by the state legislatures , as the original Constitution provided .
Also at this time , a number of states passed laws regulating wages and hours , providing for safety inspection of factories and compensation for injured workmen .
It was a time of public investigations aimed at soothing protest .
In 1913 the Pujo Committee of Congress studied the concentration of power in the banking industry , and the Commission on Industrial Relations of the Senate held hearings on labor - management conflict .
Undoubtedly , ordinary people benefited to some extent from these changes .
The system was rich , productive , complex ; it could give enough of a share of its riches to enough of the working class to create a protective shield between the bottom and the top of the society .
A study of immigrants in New York between 1905 and 1915 finds that 32 percent of Italians and Jews rose out of the manual class to higher levels ( although not to much higher levels ) .
But it was also true that many Italian immigrants did not find the opportunities inviting enough for them to stay .
In one four - year period , seventy - three Italians left New York for every one hundred that arrived .
Still , enough Italians became construction workers , enough Jews became businessmen and professionals , to create a middle - class cushion for class conflict .
Fundamental conditions did not change , however , for the vast majority of tenant farmers , factory workers , slum dwellers , miners , farm laborers , working men and women , black and white .
Robert Wiebe sees in the Progressive movement an attempt by the system to adjust to changing conditions in order to achieve more stability .
" Through rules with impersonal sanctions , it sought continuity and predictability in a world of endless change .
It assigned far greater power to government . .. and it encouraged the centralization of authority . "
Harold Faulkner concluded that this new emphasis on strong government was for the benefit of " the most powerful economic groups . "
Gabriel Kolko calls it the emergence of " political capitalism , " where the businessmen took firmer control of the political system because the private economy was not efficient enough to forestall protest from below .
The businessmen , Kolko says , were not opposed to the new reforms ; they initiated them , pushed them , to stabilize the capitalist system in a time of uncertainty and trouble .
For instance , Theodore Roosevelt made a reputation for himself as a " trust - buster " ( although his successor , Taft , a " conservative , " while Roosevelt was a " Progressive , " launched more antitrust suits than did Roosevelt ) .
In fact , as Wiebe points out , two of J. P. Morgan 's men- Elbert Gary , chairman of U.S. Steel , and George Perkins , who would later become a campaigner for Roosevelt - " arranged a general understanding with Roosevelt by which . . . they would cooperate in any investigation by the Bureau of Corporations in return for a guarantee of their companies ' legality . "
They would do this through private negotiations with the President .
" A gentleman 's agreement between reasonable people , " Wiebe says , with a bit of sarcasm .
The panic of 1907 , as well as the growing strength of the Socialists , Wobblies , and trade unions , speeded the process of reform .
According to Wiebe : " Around 1908 a qualitative shift in outlook occurred among large numbers of these men of authority .. . . "
The emphasis was now on " enticements and compromises . "
It continued with Wilson , and " a great many reform - minded citizens indulged the illusion of a progressive fulfillment . "
What radical critics now say of those reforms was said at the time ( 1901 ) by the Bankers ' Magazine : " As the business of the country has learned the secret of combination , it is gradually subverting the power of the politician and rendering him subservient to its purposes .
. , . "
There was much to stabilize , much to protect .
By 1904 , 318 trusts , with capital of more than seven billion dollars , controlled 40 % of the U.S. manufacturing .
In 1909 , a manifesto of the new Progressivism appeared - a book called The Promise of American Life by Herbert Croly , editor of the New Republic and an admirer of Theodore Roosevelt .
He saw the need for discipline and regulation if the American system were to continue .
Government should do more , he said , and he hoped to see the " sincere and enthusiastic imitation of heroes and saints " - by whom he may have meant Theodore Roosevelt .
Richard Hofstadter , in his biting chapter on the man the public saw as the great lover of nature and physical fitness , the war hero , the Boy Scout in the White House , says : " The advisers to whom Roosevelt listened were almost exclusively representatives of industrial and finance capital - men like Hanna , Robert Bacon , and George W. Perkins of the House of Morgan , Elihu Root , Senator Nelson W. Aldrich ... and James Stillman of the Rockefeller interests . "
Responding to his worried brother - in - law writing from Wall Street , Roosevelt replied : " I intend to be most conservative , but in the interests of the corporations themselves and above all in the interests of the country . "
Roosevelt supported the regulatory Hepburn
Act because he feared something worse .
He wrote to Henry Cabot Lodge that the railroad lobbyists who opposed the bill were wrong : " I think they are very shortsighted not to understand that to beat it means to increase the movement for government ownership of the railroads . "
His action against the trusts was to induce them to accept government regulation , in order to prevent destruction .
He prosecuted the Morgan railroad monopoly in the Northern Securities Case , considering it an antitrust victory , but it hardly changed anything , and , although the Sherman Act provided for criminal penalties , there was no prosecution of the men who had planned the monopoly - Morgan , Harriman , Hill .
As for Woodrow Wilson , Hofstadter points out he was a conservative from the start .
As a historian and political scientist , Wilson wrote ( The State ) : " In politics nothing radically novel may safely be attempted . "
He urged " slow and gradual " change .
This attitude toward labor , Hofstadter says , was " generally hostile , " and he spoke of the " crude and ignorant minds " of the Populists .
James Weinstein ( The Corporate Ideal in the Liberal State ) has studied the reforms of the Progressive period , especially the process by which business and government , sometimes with the aid of labor leaders , worked out the legislative changes they thought necessary .
Weinstein sees " a conscious and successful effort to guide and control the economic and social policies of federal , state , and municipal governments by various business groupings in their own long - range interest ... "
While the " original impetus " for reform came from protesters and radicals , " in the current century , particularly on the federal level , few reforms were enacted without the tacit approval , if not the guidance , of the large corporate interests . "
These interests assembled liberal reformers and intellectuals to aid them in such matters .
Weinstein 's definition of liberalism - as a means of stabilizing the system in the interests of big business - is different from that of the liberals themselves .
Arthur Schlesinger writes : " Liberalism in America has been ordinarily the movement on the part of the other sections of society to restrain the power of the business community . "
If Schlesinger is describing the hope or intent of these other sections , he may be right .
If he is describing the actual effect of these liberal reforms , that restraint has not happened .
The controls were constructed skillfully .
In 1900 , a man named Ralph Easley , a Republican and conservative , a schoolteacher and journalist , organized the National Civic Federation .
Its aim was to get better relations between capital and labor .
Its officers were mostly big businessmen , and important national politicians , but its first vice - president , for a long time , was Samuel Gompers of the AFL .
Not all big businesses liked what the National Civic Federation was doing .
Easley called these critics anarchists , opposed to the rational organization of the system .
" In fact , " Easley wrote , " our enemies are the Socialists among the labor people and the anarchists among the capitalists . "
The NCF wanted a more sophisticated approach to trade unions , seeing them as an inevitable reality , therefore wanting to come to agreements with them rather than fight with them : better to deal with a conservative union than face a militant one .
After the Lawrence textile strike of 1912 , John Golden , head of the conservative AFL Textile Union Workers , wrote Easley that the strike had given manufacturers " a very rapid education " and " some of them are falling all over themselves now to do business with our organization . "
The National Civic Federation did not represent all opinions in the business world ; the National Association of Manufacturers did n't want to recognize organized labor in any way .
Many businessmen did not want even the puny reforms proposed by the Civic Federation - but the Federation 's approach represented the sophistication and authority of the modern state , determined to do what was best for the capitalist class as a whole , even if this irritated some capitalists .
The new approach was concerned with the long - range stability of the system , even at the cost , sometimes , of short - term profits .
Thus , the Federation drew up a model workmen 's compensation bill in 1910 , and the following year twelve states passed laws for compensation or accident insurance .
When the Supreme Court said that year that New York 's workmen 's compensation law was unconstitutional because it deprived corporations of property without due process of law , Theodore Roosevelt was angry .
Such decisions , he said , added " immensely to the strength of the Socialist Party . "
By 1920 , forty - two states had workmen 's compensation laws .
As Weinstein says : " It represented a growing maturity and sophistication on the part of many large corporation leaders who had come to understand , as Theodore Roosevelt often told them , that social reform was truly conservative . "
As for the Federal Trade Commission , established by Congress in 1914 presumably to regulate trusts , a leader of the Civic Federation reported after several years of experience with it that it " has apparently been carrying on its work with the purpose of securing the confidence of well - intentioned business men , members of the great corporations as well as others . "
In this period , cities also put through reforms , many of them giving power to city councils instead of mayors , or hiring city managers .
The idea was more efficiency , more stability .
" The end result of the movements was to place city government firmly in the hands of the business class , " Weinstein says .
What reformers saw as more democracy in city government , urban historian Samuel Hays sees as the centralization of power in fewer hands , giving business and professional men more direct control over city government .
The Progressive movement , whether led by honest reformers like Senator Robert La Follette of Wisconsin or disguised conservatives like Roosevelt ( who was the Progressive party candidate for President in 1912 ) , seemed to understand it was fending off socialism .
The Milwaukee Journal , a Progressive organ , said the conservatives " fight socialism blindly . .. while the Progressives fight it intelligently and seek to remedy the abuses and conditions upon which it thrives . "
Frank Munsey , a director of U.S. Steel , writing to Roosevelt , seeing him as the best candidate for 1912 , confided in him that the United States must move toward a more " parental guardianship of the people " who needed " the sustaining and guiding hand of the State . "
It was " the work of the state to think for the people and plan for the people , " the steel executive said .
It seems quite clear that much of this intense activity for Progressive reform was intended to head off socialism .
Easley talked of " the menace of Socialism as evidenced by its growth in the colleges , churches , newspapers . "
In 1910 , Victor Berger became the first member of the Socialist party elected to Congress ; in 1911 , seventy - three Socialist mayors were elected , and twelve hundred lesser officials in 340 cities and towns .
The press spoke of " The Rising Tide of Socialism . "
A privately circulated memorandum suggested to one of the departments of the National Civic Federation : " In view of the rapid spread in the United States of socialistic doctrines , " what was needed was " a carefully planned and wisely directed effort to instruct public opinion as to the real meaning Of socialism . "
The memorandum suggested that the campaign " must be very skillfully and tactfully carried out , " that it " should not violently attack socialism and anarchism as such " but should be " patient and persuasive " and defend three ideas : " individual liberty ; private property ; and inviolability of contract . "
It is hard to say how many Socialists saw clearly how useful reform was to capitalism , but in 1912 , a left - wing Socialist from Connecticut , Robert LaMonte , wrote : " Old age pensions and insurance against sickness , accident and unemployment are cheaper , are better business than jails , poor houses , asylums , hospitals . "
He suggested that progressives would work for reforms , but Socialists must make only " impossible demands , " which would reveal the limitations of the reformers .
Did the Progressive reforms succeed in doing what they intended - stabilize the capitalist system by repairing its worst defects , blunt the edge of the Socialist movement , restore some measure of class peace in a time of increasingly bitter clashes between capital and labor ?
To some extent , perhaps .
But the Socialist party continued to grow .
The IWW continued to agitate .
And shortly after Woodrow Wilson took office there began in Colorado one of the most bitter and violent struggles between workers and corporate capital in the history of the country .
This was the Colorado coal strike that began in September 1913 and culminated in the " Ludlow Massacre " of April 1914 .
Eleven thousand miners in southern Colorado , mostly foreign - born - Greeks , Italians , Serbs - worked for the Colorado Fuel & Iron Corporation , which was owned by the Rockefeller family .
Aroused by the murder of one of their organizers , they went on strike against low pay , dangerous conditions , and feudal domination of their lives in towns completely controlled by the mining companies .
Mother Jones , at this time an organizer for the United Mine Workers , came into the area , fired up the miners with her oratory , and helped them in those critical first months of the strike , until she was arrested , kept in a dungeon like cell , and then forcibly expelled from the state .
When the strike began , the miners were immediately evicted from their shacks in the mining towns .
Aided by the United Mine Workers Union , they set up tents in the nearby hills and carried on the strike , the picketing , from these tent colonies .
The gunmen hired by the Rockefeller interests - the Baldwin - Felts Detective Agency - using Gatling guns and rifles , raided the tent colonies .
The death list of miners grew , but they hung on , drove back an armored train in a gun battle , fought to keep out strikebreakers .
With the miners resisting , refusing to give in , the mines not able to operate , the Colorado governor ( referred to by a Rockefeller mine manager as " our little cowboy governor " ) called out the National Guard , with the Rockefellers supplying the Guard 's wages .
The miners at first thought the Guard was sent to protect them , and greeted its arrivals with flags and cheers .
They soon found out the Guard was there to destroy the strike .
The Guard brought strikebreakers in under cover of night , not telling them there was a strike .
Guardsmen beat miners , arrested them by the hundreds , rode down with their horses parades of women in the streets of Trinidad , the central town in the area .
And still the miners refused to give in .
When they lasted through the cold winter of 1913 - 1914 , it became clear that extraordinary measures would be needed to break the strike .
In April 1914 , two National Guard companies were stationed in the hills overlooking the largest tent colony of strikers , the one at Ludlow , housing a thousand men , women , children .
On the morning of April 20 , a machine gun attack began on the tents .
The miners fired back .
Their leader , a Greek named Lou Tikas , was lured up into the hills to discuss a truce , then shot to death by a company of National Guardsmen .
The women and children dug pits beneath the tents to escape the gunfire .
At dusk , the Guard moved down from the hills with torches , set fire to the tents , and the families fled into the hills ; thirteen people were killed by gunfire .
The following day , a telephone linesman going through the ruins of the Ludlow tent colony lifted an iron cot covering a pit in one of the tents and found the charred , twisted bodies of eleven children and two women .
This became known as the Ludlow Massacre .
The news spread quickly over the country .
In Denver , the United Mine Workers issued a " Call to Arms " - " Gather together for defensive purposes all arms and ammunition legally available . "
Three hundred armed strikers marched from other tent colonies into the Ludlow area , cut telephone and telegraph wires , and prepared for battle .
Railroad workers refused to take soldiers from Trinidad to Ludlow .
At Colorado Springs , three hundred union miners walked off their jobs and headed for the Trinidad district , carrying revolvers , rifles , shotguns .
In Trinidad itself , miners attended a funeral service for the twenty - six dead at Ludlow , then walked from the funeral to a nearby building , where arms were stacked for them .
They picked up rifles and moved into the hills , destroying mines , killing mine guards , exploding mine shafts .
The press reported that " the hills in every direction seem suddenly to be alive with men . "
In Denver , eighty - two soldiers in a company on a troop train headed for Trinidad refused to go .
The press reported : " The men declared they would not engage in the shooting of women and children .
They hissed the 350 men who did start and shouted imprecations at them . "
Five thousand people demonstrated in the rain on the lawn in front of the state capital at Denver asking that the National Guard officers at Ludlow be tried for murder , denouncing the governor as an accessory .
The Denver Cigar Makers Union voted to send five hundred armed men to Ludlow and Trinidad .
Women in the United Garment Workers Union in Denver announced four hundred of their members had volunteered as nurses to help the strikers .
All over the country there were meetings , demonstrations .
Pickets marched in front of the Rockefeller office at 26 Broadway , New York City .
A minister protested in front of the church where Rockefeller sometimes gave sermons , and was clubbed by the police .
The New York Times carried an editorial on the events in Colorado , which were now attracting international attention .
The Times emphasis was not on the atrocity that had occurred , but on the mistake in tactics that had been made .
Its editorial on the Ludlow Massacre began : " Somebody blundered .... "
Two days later , with the miners armed and in the hills of the mine district , the Times wrote : " With the deadliest weapons of civilization in the hands of savage - minded men , there can be no telling to what lengths the war in Colorado will go unless it is quelled by force .. -.
The President should turn his attention from Mexico long enough to take stern measures in Colorado . "
The governor of Colorado asked for federal troops to restore order , and Woodrow Wilson complied .
This accomplished , the strike petered out .
Congressional committees came in and took thousands of pages of testimony .
The union had not won recognition .
Sixty - six men , women , and children had been killed .
Not one militiaman or mine guard had been indicted for crime .
Still , Colorado had been a scene of ferocious class conflict , whose emotional repercussions had rolled through the entire country .
The threat of class rebellion was clearly still there in the industrial conditions of the United States , in the undeterred spirit of rebellion among working people - whatever legislation had been passed , whatever liberal reforms were on the books , whatever investigations were undertaken and words of regret and conciliation uttered .
The Times had referred to Mexico .
On the morning that the bodies were discovered in the tent pit at Ludlow , American warships were attacking Vera Cruz , a city on the coast of Mexico - bombarding it , occupying it , leaving a hundred Mexicans dead - because Mexico had arrested American sailors and refused to apologize to the United States with a twenty - one - gun salute .
Could patriotic fervor and the military spirit cover up class struggle ?
Unemployment , hard times , were growing in 1914 .
Could guns divert attention and create some national consensus against an external enemy ?
It surely was a coincidence - the bombardment of Vera Cruz , the attack on the Ludlow colony .
Or perhaps it was , as someone once described human history , " the natural selection of accidents . "
Perhaps the affair in Mexico was an instinctual response of the system for its own survival , to create a unity of fighting purpose among a people torn by internal conflict .
The bombardment of Vera Cruz was a small incident .
But in four months the First World War would begin in Europe .
The reported rise in retail sales this morning had the media had in a full throated bull chorale .
Boomberg breathlessly screamed :
Gains in U.S. Retail Sales Ease Concern Recovery Will Cool !!!
OhmyGOD !
U.S. Stocks Extend Global Rally on Retail Sales !!!
BUY STOCKS NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE !!!
and Marketipwatch blared Bernanke Says There Will Be Growth in the Spring
But as usual it ’s all hype , little substance .
A dead cat bounce is not a recovery .
The “ recovery ” the pundits are talking about is little more than a semantic game .
Bernanke sounds more like Chauncey Gardener every day .
If this is recovery it must be just like the “ recovery ” that took place in the 4th quarter of 1929 and first quarter of 1930 .
Some numbers did come off their lows at that time , but they were still massively below the levels of 18 months prior .
We know what came after .
ChicagoBear , one of the sharp eyed reporters on Capitalstool.com ’s Stool Pigeons
Wire reported this morning :
Did anybody catch the September revision to retail sales ?
While Wall St. is getting all lubed - up over the 1.37 % increase in October , they revised September down to a - 2.29 % decline from the - 1.49 % decline originally reported .
WTF ?
These numbers are garbage !
They either borrowed from September to pad October , or October ’s number could also be revised down next month by over -.75 % .
Either way , retail sales are nothing to cheer about .
Ah , the games people play now !
So there really was n’t much of a gain after all .
So what ’s the big picture here ?
What the hell really is going on ?
Are retail sales recovering or is all this talk just more semantic manipulation by propagandists in the government financial media ministries ?
When in doubt , as always , I resort to my trusty charts .
Gummit statistics become so much more meaningful when you draw pictures .
And no seasonal adjustment manipulation please !
Here ’s what retail sales look like over the past 18 years with a one year moving average and a one year rate of change .
What does it mean ?
First , retail sales are about 3.3 % above the low set last December but , alas , still 1.74 % below a year ago .
Since they ’re off the lows , in economist speak , yes indeed Virginia , there is a “ recovery . ”
And considering that we ’re still 7.7 % below the December 2007 peak , in a nation with a couple percent more people , then normal folks with a little common sense ( that rules out economists ) would look the government media propagandists in the eye and say , “ I know recoveries .
They ’re friends of mine , and this , sir , is no recovery ! ”
Here ’s a little more grist for the mill .
Retail sales constitute only a portion of consumer spending .
Services make up more than half of consumer spending according to Briefing.com .
So how do we get a real time , or near real time , picture of how the consumption economy is really doing ?
In my regular reports to subscribers of the Wall Street Examiner Professional Edition Fed Report , I track the Federal government ’s tax receipts .
That measures mostly wage taxes , as well as quarterly income taxes from the self employed and corporations .
It ’s the flip side of spending because it is a measure of the income which supports the spending .
The best thing about it is that it is available on a daily basis with only a 2 day delay from the US Treasury .
It ’s a much more reliable indicator of economic strength than these tiny , oft revised , surveys that purport to represent the whole economy .
We watched in horror throughout October as total federal tax collections went off a cliff .
At the end of the month they had dropped 18 % on a year over year basis .
This was the worst performance of any month where there were no quarterly income taxes due since this Depression began .
Only the months which included quarterly corporate and self employed income taxes were worse .
Under the circumstances , it simply does not make sense that retail sales would have improved that much in October .
Just to be sure I was n’t missing something , I drilled a little deeper on the Treasury ’s monthly cash flow statement to the line items directly connected to our W - 2’s .
Combined FWT / FICA withholding fell 3.5 % from September to October .
In light of that , the propaganda ministry ’s report on retail sales is n’t credible .
Over the weekend , John Mauldin ’s missive was making the rounds where he too commented that based on sales tax receipts from his home state of Texas and other places , the signs of improvement in the retail environment were questionable .
Once again , my curiosity was piqued , so I dug around and came up with the most recent data on state and local tax collections for the entire US of A .
It ’s deep in the Propaganda Ministry ’s data storage network on the web .
You can find it via a search of the Census Bureau if you care to look .
I know you care , and I certainly cared , but Wall Street and the financial infomercial media do not care .
Or maybe they do care , and they just do n’t want you to know .
None of the mainstream opinion shapers ever talk about this stuff .
They ’d rather be wrong and keep you in the dark as well , as long as their handlers keep their big fat paychecks coming .
Unfortunately , we ’re the ones writing those checks , but I wo n’t editorialize here .
What I want is the facts , just the facts , M’am .
For your viewing pleasure , here are the facts in a nice clear picture , for which no words are necessary .
You may argue that this data is only through the second quarter .
Maybe things have gotten better since then .
Unfortunately we do n’t yet have data for all the states and localities for the third quarter , but we do have the Federal data , and it ’s catastrophic .
No wonder our Dear Leader is bowing to anyone and everyone in the Far East who might have a few dollars to lend us , which we will gladly pay them back on Tuesday .
We also have state data for selected states through September .
One of my faves is Florida , where I ’m happy to spend the winter in the Happy Acres Retirement Condo Community , hanging around the shuffleboard court complaining about the crappy economy with the other old people .
Florida ’s monthly state sales tax receipts dropped by 3.4 % between the end of Q2 and October .
That ’s in four months !
I ’ll do you a favor and not annualize that .
But it seems that the downturn we see at the end of the above chart is still under way .
Florida has not picked up the slack in other taxes .
Total tax receipts were down 11 % over the past 4 months .
I also looked at the 3 largest states , Cali , Texas , and NY .
Data was available for Texas through October and for the other two through September .
Texas ’s sales tax revenues have dropped by 3.4 % since the end of Q2 where the above chart ends .
No recovery there .
In Cali , sales taxes are down by 22 % and total taxes have dropped by 29 % .
That ’s even worse than last year in the same period .
California is apparently disintegrating .
It ’s like one of those disaster movies where all the buildings are falling down and people are running away in every direction .
How fitting that Shvartzeneggar is sitting in the governor ’s chair .
He wo n’t be back .
Finally , in New York , total taxes fell by 3.1 % , but sales taxes rose by 6.9 % !
Ah , finally , a green shoot ?
Nope .
The state raised the sales tax in New York City which has 40 % of the state ’s population .
Alas , no sign of recovery there either .
Tell me how Governor Patterson is going to see his way out of this mess ?
So were retail sales really up in October ?
It ’s doubtful .
None of the tax data supports it .
In the two states where there was data for October , Texas showed an increase in sales tax of 3.1 % from September , and Florida showed a decline of 4.6 % .
Call it a draw .
Texas is a little bigger than Florida .
Data from the state controller ’s office in California showed a complete collapse in October tax collections .
I suspect that had something to do with the timing of collections in that state .
So I ’ll discount that .
When it comes to the data , I ’ll trust the Federal and state sales tax data .
They show no sign of recovery .
Petrol prices are set for a 5 p - per - litre hike over the first three months of 2010 , and potentially twice as much by the end of the year , a fuel retailers ' group is warning .
The possibility of a 10 p - per - litre rise in 12 months is from tax and duty rises only , and does not take into account any rises in the oil price , says the RMI Independent Petrol Retailers Association .
Half of the most immediate 5 p rise will be accounted for by the end of the VAT holiday on 1 January , taking the rate back up to 17.5 per cent .
But there are also significant jumps in fuel duty planned for the coming year .
At the start of April , fuel duty will go up in line with inflation , plus an extra 1 p per litre – thanks to the re-introduction of the unpopular fuel price " escalator " in last year 's Budget .
Further , the withdrawal of a duty incentive to refiners producing biofuel will also likely be passed through to consumers as a further 1 p per litre price rise .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The parlous state of the public finances raises the spectre of extra taxation .
The further VAT hike , to 20 per cent , mooted in the City would add a further 2.5 p per litre to petrol , and a snap post - election Budget could see duty pushed up by another 2 p per litre .
" With all of these duty and VAT factors considered , this will equate to a 5 p per litre increase in fuel prices by the beginning of April 2010 with the possibility of up to a 10 p per litre rise , solely from UK taxation , by the end of 2010 , " the RMI says .
" Brace yourselves for higher fuel costs ahead , " said Brian Madderson , the chairman .
" 2009 has been a tough year for consumers and we are now looking at an even tougher year ahead . "
San Francisco , California ( CNN ) --
Punch lines about hygiene products flooded the blogosphere on Wednesday only moments after Apple Inc. announced it would call its new touch - screen computer the " iPad . "
" The mocking goes along the lines of : Yes , the iPad is small , lightweight and slim .
But can you swim with it ? " wrote the Los Angeles Times ' tech blog .
The term iTampon -- a riff on the fact that the iPad can be taken to sound more like a maxipad than a slick new computer -- was the third most - talked about trend on Twitter on Wednesday evening .
Do you think the iPad name is a flop ?
Some female bloggers wrote that Apple seemed not to have any women on its marketing team .
" With " iTampon " quickly emerging as a trending Twitter topic , it 's probably safe to say that many women found themselves cringing as they asked , ' Do any women work at Apple ? ' " wrote Annie Colbert on the blog " Holy Kaw ! "
The tech community has discussed the name for Apple 's new keyboard - less computer for months if not years .
Rumor had it that the device might be called the iSlate , but one reporter at Apple 's San Francisco event joked that the term " slate " might sound too ancient or heavy for a lightweight lap computer .
Steve Jobs describes iPad at event
" Slate is a little bit ' Flintstones , ' " said Stephen Hutcheon , an editor at The Sydney Morning Herald , a newspaper in Australia .
It 's also unclear what people should call the category of computers that now includes the iPad .
Some refer to computers without keyboards and with touch - screens as " slate computers . "
Others call them tablets , a term that also can refer to '90s devices with keyboards and pens attached .
After Apple unveiled the iPad at an invitation - only event , some tech journalists said they thought the jokes about feminine hygiene would dissipate soon .
The name " iPod " sounded strange at first , for example , and now is a part of the standard vocabulary , said Hutcheon .
" If you think of iPods in 2001 , we probably got the same smirks , " he said .
" I think the jokes will disappear . "
He added that one could take " pad " to mean " home , " which is where Apple CEO Steve Jobs hopes many people will use the iPad to read books , watch movies and the like .
Andy Ihnatko , a tech columnist at the Chicago Sun -Times , said Apple could call its new gadget a " mangled baby duck " and people would still buy it , both because Apple has sex appeal and because the iPad is a good product .
" With the right device , marketing does n't really matter , " he said .
The name iPad sticks with Apple 's " i " line of branding and is therefore a smart move , said Jacqui Cheng , a senior writer at the tech site Ars Technica .
" I do n't hate it , " she said of the name .
" I do n't know if I love it , but it's OK . "
Share iReport reaction of the iPad
Still , the torrent of online jokes about the iPad could stick in consumers ' minds .
It seems particularly damaging that MADtv was making fun of the iPad name long before Apple ever introduced its new product .
A years - old comedy skit from the show circulated the Internet on Wednesday .
It shows two women discussing an Apple period - maintenance device called the iPad .
As Twitter user @ DontStealMyPen notes snarkily , the botched iPad name has the potential to alter shopping habits :
" Will women send their husbands to the Apple store to buy iPads ? " the user wrote .
Co-Workers Find Out They Are Long - Lost Brothers
Recently , a pair of furniture movers in Maine discovered that they are long - lost brothers .
Since Gary Nisbet started working at Dow Furniture in Waldoboro , Maine two months ago , he ’d been going out on delivery runs with long - time employee Randy Joubert .
And every time they pulled up to a customer ’s house , they ’d receive a surprising question : “ Are you brothers ? ”
With their bulky builds and golden - brown goatees , the two men looked a lot alike .
But they ’d grown up in separate towns , and had never met until the day Nisbet began working at the furniture shop .
Still , after hearing the question again and again , Joubert got a hunch .
He had been adopted , and knew his birth parents ’ names .
He also knew that he had a younger brother , who had been adopted by another family .
It seemed unlikely , but he figured it could n’t hurt to ask Nisbet about his family history .
“ Do n’t think I ’m weird , ” Joubert warned , before launching into a series of questions .
Was Nisbet adopted ?
As it turned out , he was .
Did he know his birth parents ’ names ?
He did — and they were the exact same names as the ones on Joubert ’s own birth certificate .
The two men sat in stunned silence for a moment .
Then “ I said , ‘ Gary , do you understand what I am telling you ?
We are brothers , ’” Joubert told the Bangor Daily News .
“ I think I kept saying that .
We had a few more deliveries and it was just the Twilight Zone . ”
But the remarkable story does n’t end there .
Last week , after learning about the adoptive brothers ’ surprise reunion , a woman named Joanne Campbell showed up at their workplace , birth certificate in hand .
As it turned out , the family was about to get another new member : Campbell was their half sister .
“ I ’m really awestruck , ” Campbell said .
“ After all of these years , here I am 41 and now I finally found my brothers . ”
The siblings may have missed out on spending their formative years together , but now , thanks to these surprising circumstances , they ’ll have the rest of their lives to become a family .
Check out this video interview with the two brothers .
Joe and I are live blogging in the box below – the page updates automatically as soon as we add a new comment , so just leave the page open and read :-)
What do you think about Obama ’s address ?
Leave your comment by clicking here and scroll down .
You can also submit a question , or your thoughts , to us via the live - blog box below – your comment wo n’t be posted live , we ’ll receive it privately , but if we like it we can post it in the chat ( we have to do it this way , with so many readers the live chat would be out of control , and unreadable , if everyone had live access ) .
Thanks .
We ’ll be posting a few polls and other things during the speech , which starts at 9 pm Eastern , and will probably go around 45 minutes .
And finally , you can watch the speech live in the box right below the chat , again below , starting at 9 .
Seeking Personal Enrichmen ...
No longer content with tanning on a tropical beach with some easy reading , many Americans are seeking enrichment in their travels .
After all , you can read a book at home , but scuba diving , taking authentic French cooking classes or visiting ancient temples requires some traveling .
Americans find unique ways to authenticate their experiences abroad .
Some travel with charities that offer volunteer ...
Read More
South Beach : A Tropical Lo ...
Americans who want to plan a tropical beach vacation without traveling beyond the continental U.S. should set their sights on Miami .
The city ’s multi-cultural flair , superb beaches and lively nightspots satisfy everyone from art buffs to water sports enthusiasts to partiers .
Miami ’s South Beach provides the best mix of beach , culture and entertainment .
Historic Art Deco boutique hotels ...
Read More
Bed-and - Breakfasts Offer P...
Bed - and - breakfasts are n’t just for the old folks anymore , especially in South Carolina .
“ We ’re seeing a lot of twenty - somethings now , ” said Katherine Brown , proprietor of the Bloomsbury Inn in Camden and a board member of the 74 - member South Carolina Bed and Breakfast Association .
“ They ’re like anyone else … they appreciate the personal touch .
Bed -and - Breakfasts ...
Read More
Why Hula When You Can Bula ...
When Americans think about tropical paradise , their minds turn to Hawaii .
But those in search of sun and island escapes — not crowds and high - end department stores — might want to think about visiting other areas of the South Pacific .
For a more affordable , more authentic experience , just say “ Bula ” — the official greeting of Fiji .
The Republic of the Fiji Islands is ...
Read More
Is Cozumel Heaven on Earth ...
Many people make the trek each year to one of the most beautiful islands in the world , Cozumel .
Cozumel has grown from a small fishing community to a full tourist destination .
Beautiful beaches , Mayan ruins , and scuba diving give something for everyone in Cozumel .
Discove the beauty of Cozumel .
Can you hear the ocean ?
WoW
Are you ready for Cozumel ?
Cruise ships bring visitors to Cozumel by the boatload , ... Read More
Amazing Star Formations ...
Star formations are unbelievable , comparatively unappreciated structures that are a fascination of mine – banging constructions that only actually become visually arresting when you look down on them from above .
This case of munition design was acquired in the early 16th century as citizenry realized that barer , often circular fortifies were useful once it came to the job in hand : defense .
Palmanova ...
Read More
Hollywood in Black And Whi ...
In 1853 , one adobe hut stood on the site that became Hollywood .
By 1870 , an agricultural community flourished in the area with thriving crops .
A locally popular etymology is that the name “ Hollywood ” traces to the ample stands of native Toyon or “ California Holly ” , that cover the hillsides with clusters of bright red berries each winter .
But this and accounts of the name coming ...
Read More
Traveling to the 7 Wonders ...
The very first travel guide , according to the Ancient Greeks .
Some 2,450 years before the Lonely Planet became the definitive travel guide for the world trekker , Ancient Greece , the foremost civilisation of the time had Herodotus .
The Greek historian was the first man to put together a travel list of top places you need to see before you die – they became enshrined in legend as the 7 Wonders of ...
Read More
A Forgotten Disney Amuseme ...
This is Walt Disney world ’s first water park .
It was closed in 2001 and has been untouched ever since .
From the then - popular Whoop N’ Holler slide to now unmoving water wheel , in the pictures , everything seems so old and forsaken .
The swimming area must have been popular in its time with the tyre swing , the boom swing and the cable ride .
For some reason these pictures make you wonder how it would ...
Read More
PopTray Minus v1.1
I 've started this project after moving to Linux .
I tried to find a good replacement for a very convenient windows tool — Poptray .
Unfortunately , there was no linux - based alternative at the moment , so I had to roll my own .
I did not plan to add any new features , but ony implement a useful subset of what we had in PopTray .
Hence the name — PopTray Minus .
What does it do ?
PopTray Minus ...
stays in the tray
checks message headers in my POP3 mailboxes
applies basic filters based on from / to / subj contents
allows a sneak peek to preview the message body
has a very handy delete button to manually remove unwanted messages
PopTray Minus works just fine with GNOME as well as with KDE .
Mac OS X and Windows are also supported but not tested yet .
Any screenshots ?
Download progress ( Ubuntu / GNOME )
Mailbox statistics ( Ubuntu / GNOME )
New mail notification ( Kubuntu / KDE ) Message selection ( Kubuntu / KDE ) Message preview ( Ubuntu / GNOME )
How to use PopTray Minus ?
Left click on the tray icon brings up the main window with the message list .
Another left click on the icon hides it back .
PopTray Minus does not stop running even when the main window is gone .
You have to right click on the icon and select " Quit " in the menu if you really want to quit .
Main window ( as well as all other windows ) can also be dismissed with Esc key or click on the close icon in the window corner .
When run for the first time , PopTray Minus asks for user / password information ( press " + " sign to create account ) .
Later , this information could be changed in " Settings " menu available with a right click on the tray icon .
Downloads
The following versions of the PopTray Minus are available for download :
Debian package should install on most recent versions without any problem , otherwise you may need to download source tarball and install manually with " python setup.py install "
Requrements
Python and PyQt 4.4 ( required )
KDE or GNOME ( recommended )
UIDL support on POP3 server ( recommended )
PopTray Minus is written in Python using PyQt4 GUI libraries , so these two things are required .
Fortunately , Python is already installed and PyQt4 is available for installation on the most Linux distributions .
If you use Windows or Mac OS X your mileage may vary .
If you are using Ubuntu 8.04 Hardy , you have PyQt 4.3 installed by default , but PopTray Minus requires version 4.4 , please check this How To Install PyQt 4.4 for Ubuntu 8.04 hardy page .
Main idea is to hide in the tray , so we need a good X11 based GUI manager that implements the freedesktop.org system tray specification ( recent versions of KDE and GNOME ) .
According to the PyQt4 manuals , Windows and Mac OS X may also be supported but I have n't checked it yet .
POP3 server with UIDL support is almost required .
UIDL is important because it allows us to track messages between POP3 sessions while other programs may access and / or modify the mailbox contents .
If your server lacks UIDL , you wo n't be able to preview / delete messages , however message list and basic from / to / subj filters should work just fine .
Technical details
Mailbox is open every NN minutes ( can be changed in " Settings " , default : 15 ) , message headers are retrieved , blacklisted messages are removed and mailbox is closed again .
Countdown timer until the next mailbox rescan is reset only when the box is already closed to avoid dealing with short rescan intervals and large mailboxes .
Current filter system only supports substring search within from / to / subj fields of the message header .
Please , be careful , searching for a single letter may easily kill all you mail .
It 's a good idea to include as much as possible in the search pattern to avoid dangerous mistakes .
Patterns shorter than 4 characters are not allowed .
Actually , PopTray Minus will complain if you blacklisting pattern is too short .
Preview / Delete works only is server supports UIDL .
Only one message can be previewed ( button grays out if several messages are selected ) , though Delete can kill many messages at once .
" Score " column shows Spamassassin score if it 's configured on your server .
Positive scores are shown in red and negative scores are shown in green .
Thanks
Thank your for using PopTray Minus !
Also I woudl like to thank the original creator of PopTray — Renier Crause , who gave me the idea , Trolltech for Qt toolkit , Phil Thompson for PyQt bindings , Guido van Rossum for Python and Mark Summerfield for his book and code snippets .
Councils already have the power to prioritise locals Councils in England are being urged to set aside homes for people with a connection to their local area .
Authorities already have the power to do this - but not all use it .
Housing Minister John
Healey says he wants them to be more flexible in the way they apply the rules and tailor allocation more closely to local needs .
The government was accused of pandering to the BNP and breaking its own equality laws when it announced the " local homes for local people " plan .
But the guidance for councils , which was first promised in July , merely instructs them how to use existing laws and are open to consultation .
' Myths and misunderstandings '
Mr Healey said : " People must be given confidence that council homes in their area are allocated fairly .
Councils must make sure people can see more clearly how homes are being allocated in their area .
" While priority will still be given to those in greatest housing need , they will now also be able to allocate according to needs specific to their local area . "
Councils are allowed to give priority to people with local connections through jobs and family , although not all do so .
Mr Healey cites the example of one borough council , Test Valley , which is looking at the possibility of setting a quota for a proportion of their housing stock to be reserved for people with a local connection .
Other local authorities are planning to prioritise people who are working or studying in a particular area .
Instead of fiddling around the edges of allocations policy , the housing minister needs to focus on bringing empty properties back into use and building the many new homes that local families need
Sarah Teather , Lib Dem housing spokesman Mr Healey said he also wants councils to do more to tackle the " myths and misunderstandings " around housing allocations by carrying out more surveys of local residents .
The British National Party has gained votes in traditional Labour heartlands by claiming British people are being short - changed for housing in favour of newly arrived immigrants .
Mr Healey has denied the government has been forced into action by the BNP after the anti-immigration party succeeded in getting two Euro MPs elected , but said he wanted to " nail the myth " that immigrants got special treatment .
A Department for Communities and Local Government spokeswoman said the initiative was part of a wider shake - up of council housing , which included new council homes being built and a crackdown on sub-letting .
She said it was a " myth " that migrants received favourable treatment , as most new arrivals lived in private accommodation .
' Squabbling '
She said that although it was not legislation , councils would have to " take notice " of the government 's advice as it was " statutory guidance " .
But Lib Dem housing spokesman Sarah Teather dismissed it as a PR stunt , which would have little or no impact on people in housing need .
She said : " John Healey 's press release will do nothing to help the millions of people set to spend this Christmas stuck in temporary accommodation or on the streets .
" While Labour and the Tories have spent years squabbling over who should be at the top of the housing queue , that queue has grown longer and longer .
" Instead of fiddling around the edges of allocations policy , the housing minister needs to focus on bringing empty properties back into use and building the many new homes that local families need . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ferrari vow to return to top as they unveil new F1 car
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ferrari have unveiled the car they hope will take them back to the front in Formula 1 after a painful 2009 .
The new F10 car will be driven by two - time champion Fernando Alonso , who has joined from Renault in place of Kimi Raikkonen , and Brazil 's Felipe Massa .
Team boss Stefano Domenicali said : " We are coming off a season that was not competitive and this should mark a turning point .
We want to win . "
Domenicali predicted a third title for Alonso during the next three years .
Alonso - whose last world crown came with Renault in 2006 when he defeated Ferrari's Michael Schumacher was more cautious .
" This is my first presentation with Ferrari which is emotional for me , " said the Spaniard , 28 .
Fernando is a double world champion , and we say he will have a third title
Ferrari boss Stefano Domenicali
" We are ready to face the challenge and take up the responsibility of realising the maximum potential of this car . "
Massa was scheduled to give the 2010 car a shakedown at Ferrari 's private Fiorano test track but icy conditions put paid to the run-out .
The unveiling of the car also represents a fresh start for Massa , who sat out the final eight races of 2009 after a life - threatening crash during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Massa ploughed into the barriers after being hit on the helmet by a spring that had come loose from Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn , fracturing his skull and narrowly avoiding permanent damage to his left eye .
" This is a special moment because last year was very difficult as I had the accident , " said Massa , who became a father to Felipinho in November .
" I 'm very happy , and I now want to work more than ever , so I really hope this will be a very competitive car and we will be fighting for the championship .
" I will have a strong team - mate but I 've shown many times that I 'm able to win and fight , whoever my team - mate was . "
Alonso and Massa clashed over a number of on - track incidents in 2007 but the new team - mates have pledged to leave their old squabbles in the past .
The new Ferrari appears a much more aggressive design than in 2010 Nevertheless , many F1 experts are predicting fireworks between the new Ferrari team - mates , especially given Alonso 's tempestuous relationship with McLaren when he was Lewis Hamilton 's team - mate in in 2007 .
Alonso said : " I 've always had strong team - mates and I never had any problems with them .
I have a great relation to all of them and it wo n't be any different with Felipe .
" Felipe and I both race for Ferrari and it is important that a red car wins . "
Domenicali is tipping both drivers to bring success to the team .
" Fernando is a double world champion , and we say he will have a third one ( title ) , " remarked Domenicali .
" He is already among the big champions in F1 , and this is now the right moment for him , for us .
" But we have two new drivers .
Why two new drivers ?
With Felipe we are talking of a new version of Felipe .
" After such a dramatic championship like last year , with the accident in Hungary , Felipe has all the assets to prove he can be very successful .
" He can prove he wants to return to the pathway that destiny interrupted in Hungary . "
Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo added : " I notice some healthy humility and great determination and that 's what I want from this team . "
606 : DEBATE
The 2010 season is palpably close .
I cannae wait
purpleDogzzz Massa is scheduled to give the F10 its first running on Monday during the opening day of the pre-season test in Valencia , Spain , before Alonso takes the wheel for the next two days .
Alonso said he was already feeling positive about the car 's competitive potential ahead of the first race in Bahrain on 14 March .
" I 'm very calm regarding the possibilities of the F10's development , " he added .
" The work we 're doing in February , with Felipe 's and my suggestions on the car , makes me confident as far as the first race is concerned .
" What raises our confidence are the technicians , the data from the wind tunnel , the suspension , the mechanics and the engine .
" It might even happen that the data on the track will be even more encouraging . "
Ferrari won just one race last year , after being champions in 2007 with Raikkonen and missing out by just one point to Hamilton with Massa in 2008 .
Last year they failed to interpret a major change in regulations as well as the Red Bull and Brawn teams , and effectively wrote off the year from mid-season to concentrate on 2010 .
That , and the arrival of Alonso , means the pressure on Ferrari to bounce back is enormous after what some observers perceive to have been a slow but consistent drift away from competitiveness following a major upheaval after 2006 .
That was the year Michael Schumacher drove his last season for the team , and which also saw the departure of technical director Ross Brawn , now the boss of the new Mercedes team .
The F10 is a great step ahead in terms of our competitiveness
Ferrari technical director Aldo Costa
Since then , sporting director Jean Todt and chief designer Rory Byrne , who were keystones of Ferrari 's domination of the first half of the last decade , have also left .
Todt has become president of governing body the FIA and Byrne has retired .
With the new F10 , Ferrari appear to have learned the lessons of 2009 .
The nose bears a strong resemblance to that of last year 's Red Bull , which ended the season as the fastest car .
The front wing shows intricate detailing , the sidepods have a unique shape which is designed to maximise airflow to the rear of the car , and the back of the car appears very clean and narrow .
" The F10 is a great step ahead in terms of our competitiveness , " said Ferrari technical director Aldo Costa .
The Williams team also gave their new car a debut on Thursday , the FW32 is taking to the track at Silverstone .
The team did not release any pictures of the car , which is also due at the Valencia test , although Autosport magazine managed to grab one , which was published on its website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When a politician says something is " not an option " that generally means it is ( or soon will be ) .
Sometimes it means it is all but certain .
With that in mind , please consider Mayor Villaraigosa says no bankruptcy for the city .
With city officials declaring that " bankruptcy is not an option , " Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa released a long - term plan for the city 's finances Thursday , including several billion dollars in potential savings and possible layoffs of 1,000 workers .
In a letter to City Administrative Officer Miguel Santana , the mayor and City Council leaders called for the start of steps needed to make layoffs and perform studies on dealing with this year 's continuing shortfall of $ 200 million and the projected $ 400 million deficit for next year .
" This mayor has no interest in going down the road to bankruptcy , " said Deputy Mayor Matt Szabo , who has been assigned the task of developing the overall financial strategy for the city .
My Comment
The five - page letter from Villaraigosa , also signed by Council President Eric Garcetti and council members Bernard Parks , Jan Perry , Greig Smith and Dennis Zine , sets the stage for a series of decisions to reduce spending in the city 's $ 7.01 billion budget .
There are no plans to ask voters for a tax increase , but the mayor is looking at whether a ballot proposal will be needed to reform the city 's pension system .
My Comment
Santana 's office also released a report showing the city 's revenues continue to decline , particularly in consumer - sensitive areas such as hotel and sales tax .
Also , holiday season sales were much less than expected .
My Comment
Part of the problem for the city is that although there is general consensus that the economy has begun to improve , local government is the last area to see any benefit .
My Comment
Parks , who chairs the Budget and Finance Committee , is planning a series of public hearings around the city , with the first scheduled for 6 p .m. Monday at Van Nuys City Hall .
The city also has been conducting an Internet survey on what the public would prefer to see cut .
My Comment
" We will consider the elimination , consolidation or outsourcing of city assets and services , furloughs and layoffs where permissible , " the letter said .
My Comment :
Cuts in service and outsourcing being considered could be for services like cleaning restrooms at parks , Szabo said .
" We are focusing our attention on what services must be performed by a city worker , " Szabo said .
" No one is going to argue that police and fire services should be contracted out .
That is a core city service .
Other services the public demands , we might be able to provide cheaper . "
My Comment
Options looked at for the long term include either the sale or private operation of assets such as parking facilities , golf courses , the Los Angeles Zoo , Animal Services and the Van Nuys and Ontario airports .
My Comment
" Gridlock and partisanship is not an issue here like it is in Sacramento , " Szabo said .
" This mayor and this City Council are working together to address our problems . "
My Translation
The mayor remains committed to the growth of the Los Angeles Police Department .
" The mayor 's goal is to protect the gains made by the police , " Szabo said .
My comment
Internet Explorer remains ahead of the rest of the competition , and users continue to cling to older versions , but IE8 has finally surpassed IE7 , and will likely pass IE6 , easily the most hated version of Microsoft 's browser among the tech - savvy , before we see the New Year .
Firefox 's steady gain continues and it will also likely hit the 25 percent mark before the end of the year .
Safari remains in third place but Chrome seems to be eyeing it hungrily , leaving poor Opera in dead - last fifth place .
In November , only the third - party browsers showed positive growth .
Between November and October , Internet Explorer dropped a significant 1.03 percentage points ( from 64.64 percent to 63.61 percent ) and Firefox moved up a sizeable 0.67 percentage points ( from 24.07 percent to 24.74 ) .
Safari dipped 0.06 percentage points ( from 4.42 percent to 4.36 percent ) while Chrome once again moved further away from Opera : it gained a worthy 0.34 percentage points ( from 3.58 percent to 3.92 percent ) .
Opera grabbed 0.14 percentage points ( from 2.17 percent to 2.31 percent ) .
In terms of browser versions , Internet Explorer saw the following changes : version 6.0 dropped 1.21 percentage points , version 7.0 dropped 1.28 percentage points , and version 8.0 gained 1.50 percentage points , meaning IE8 has finally overtaken IE7 .
Meanwhile , in Firefox land , version 3.5 gained 1.26 percentage points , version 3.0 dropped 0.64 percentage points , and version 2.0 dropped 0.09 percentage points .
Safari saw version 4.0 gain 0.06 percentage points and the 3.x versions drop 0.12 percentage points .
Finally , Chrome saw its version 4.0 gain 0.19 percentage points and its version 3.0 also gain 0.19 percentage points .
You can see the market share pie for November 2009 , according to Net Applications , at the top of this post .
The graph just above shows how things at Ars are very different : Firefox continues to dominate , but the default browsers for Windows and Mac OS X still show their strength , and Chrome 's lead over Opera is much more significant at Ars.
Compared to last month , IE gained share , while Firefox lost some .
Safari dropped quite a bit , while Chrome and Opera gained .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama is “ not patient ” and is demanding immediate changes in airline security , the top U.S. military officer said on Wednesday , as a grand jury indicted a Nigerian man for trying to blow up a Detroit - bound plane on Christmas Day .
Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said there was concern that potential extremists could be inspired by the bombing attempt blamed on 23 - year - old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the attempt , one of the most serious U.S. security breaches and intelligence breakdowns since the September 11 attacks .
“ Certainly there is the concern that this would bring more , generate more support from young males who might be on the fence about what to do with their lives , ” Mullen said .
A grand jury in Michigan indicted Abdulmutallab on six counts , including attempted murder of the other 289 passengers and crew on board the plane , and attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction .
He faces life in prison , if convicted .
The bomb , which Abdulmutallab has told investigators was given to him by al Qaeda in Yemen , contained the highly explosive ingredients Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate , or PETN , and Triacetone Triperoxide , or TATP , the indictment said .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder held out the possibility of others being charged , saying , “ Anyone we find responsible for this alleged attack will be brought to justice using every tool -- military or judicial -- available to our government . ”
Jitters have gripped the U.S. travel industry in the aftermath of the bombing attempt .
In the latest security scare , an unruly passenger on a Hawaii - bound airliner on Wednesday prompted the pilot to return the plane to Portland , Oregon , escorted by two military fighter jets .
Obama called the Detroit incident a potentially disastrous “ screw - up ” by the intelligence community during a two - hour meeting with his national security team on Tuesday .
“ The president -- he ’s not patient about this at all .
These changes have to be made immediately , ” Mullen told university students at a seminar in Washington .
Obama will address the issue again in a public statement on Thursday , when the White House will release a review that will make recommendations on plugging holes in security , including changes in passenger screening and terrorism watch lists .
“ The review will simply identify and make recommendations as to what was lacking and what needs to be strengthened , ” White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said , adding it would be “ comprehensive . ”
Slideshow ( 5 images )
INTELLIGENCE SHARING
U.S. spy agencies and the State Department had information about Abdulmutallab but they never pieced it together to put him on a no - fly list .
Instead , passengers and crew subdued the Nigerian bomb suspect as he tried to detonate the device .
Mullen said part of the problem was intelligence sharing and filtering through the extraordinary amount of data collected by U.S. spy agencies .
“ It does have to do with sharing information and it does have to do with huge bureaucracies .
And we collect an extraordinary amount of data , ” Mullen said .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Obama has been lambasted by Republicans who accuse his Democratic administration of being weak on terrorism and unable to fix intelligence gaps that have lingered since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States involving hijacked planes .
Senior Republican lawmakers on Wednesday called on Obama to take more concrete steps to improve security and challenged the decision to try Abdulmutallab in federal court .
“ All jihadist attackers should be charged as enemy combatants , taken into military custody , interrogated for vital intelligence , and tried in military courts under the laws of armed conflict , ” they said in a letter to Obama .
Since the Christmas bombing attempt , there has been finger - pointing within the U.S. intelligence community , including at the National Counterterrorism Center , created in 2004 to serve as the main repository for counterterrorism intelligence .
Asked whether people might lose their jobs over the incident , Gibbs said , “ I do n’t know what the final outcome in terms of hiring and firing will be . ”
“ This is a failure that touches across the full waterfront of our intelligence agencies , ” he said .
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell did not rule out the possibility the review could affect the Defense Department , but added he did not see any readily apparent failings “ within this department as to how we should have responded . ”
“ As for what this department in particular will do differently , I think that is something that is yet to be determined , ” Morrell told reporters .
( Additional reporting by Matt Spetalnick , Adam Entous and Susan Cornwell ; Editing by David Alexander and Peter Cooney )
An on -air message to Tiger Woods :
" The extent to which he can recover seems to me depends on his faith .
He is said to be a Buddhist .
I do n't think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith .
My message to Tiger would , ' Tiger , turn to the Christian faith and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world . "
The pure sectarianism of this comment - its adoption of the once - secular stage of political journalism to insert a call for apostasy - is striking .
It even seemed to catch Bill Kristol off - guard a little .
But it has long been established that non-evangelical Christians have at best an auxiliary role in today 's religiously defined GOP , and the slow morphing of Fox News into the 700 Club is not exactly new .
What earthly reason do these pundits now have to prevent or stop it ?
Once you have abolished the distinction between secular and religious discourse , as they routinely insist on doing , their politics is their religion and their religion is their politics .
And both are corrupted .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
New results from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the Magellan telescopes suggest that a dense stellar remnant has been ripped apart by a black hole a thousand times as massive as the Sun .
If confirmed , this discovery would be a cosmic double play : it would be strong evidence for an intermediate mass black hole , which has been a hotly debated topic , and would mark the first time such a black hole has been caught tearing a star apart .
This scenario is based on Chandra observations , which revealed an unusually luminous source of X - rays in a dense cluster of old stars , and optical observations that showed a peculiar mix of elements associated with the X - ray emission .
Taken together , a case can be made that the X - ray emission is produced by debris from a disrupted white dwarf star that is heated as it falls towards a massive black hole .
The optical emission comes from debris further out that is illuminated by these X - rays .
The intensity of the X - ray emission places the source in the " ultraluminous X - ray source " or ULX category , meaning that it is more luminous than any known stellar X - ray source , but less luminous than the bright X - ray sources ( active galactic nuclei ) associated with supermassive black holes in the nuclei of galaxies .
The nature of ULXs is a mystery , but one suggestion is that some ULXs are black holes with masses between about a hundred and several thousand times that of the Sun , a range intermediate between stellar - mass black holes and supermassive black holes located in the nuclei of galaxies .
This ULX is in a globular cluster , a very old and crowded conglomeration of stars .
Astronomers have suspected that globular clusters could contain intermediate - mass black holes , but conclusive evidence for this has been elusive .
" Astronomers have made cases for stars being torn apart by supermassive black holes in the centers of galaxies before , but this is the first good evidence for such an event in a globular cluster , " said Jimmy Irwin of the University of Alabama who led the study .
Irwin and his colleagues obtained optical spectra of the object using the Magellan I and II telescopes in Las Campanas , Chile .
These data reveal emission from gas rich in oxygen and nitrogen but no hydrogen , a rare set of signals from globular clusters .
The physical conditions deduced from the spectra suggest that the gas is orbiting a black hole of at least 1,000 solar masses .
The abundant amount of oxygen and absence of hydrogen indicate that the destroyed star was a white dwarf , the end phase of a solar - type star that has burned its hydrogen leaving a high concentration of oxygen .
The nitrogen seen in the optical spectrum remains an enigma .
" We think these unusual signatures can be explained by a white dwarf that strayed too close to a black hole and was torn apart by the extreme tidal forces , " said coauthor Joel Bregman of the University of Michigan .
Theoretical work suggests that the tidal disruption - induced X - ray emission could stay bright for more than a century , but it should fade with time .
So far , the team has observed there has been a 35 percent in X - ray emission from 2000 to 2008 .
The ULX in this study is located in NGC 1399 , an elliptical galaxy about 65 million light years from Earth .
Irwin presented these results at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Washington , DC .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , manages the Chandra program for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory controls Chandra 's science and flight operations from Cambridge , Mass .
More information , including images and other multimedia , can be found at : http://chandra.harvard.edu
PHOENIX ( Reuters ) -
Three nurses unions merged on Monday to form the largest - ever labor organization for U.S. medical professionals , which is expected to wield greater clout in collective bargaining and the national healthcare debate .
Organizers said the new 150,000 - member National Nurses United , comprising union locals from Maine to Hawaii , would use its strength to fight for patients ’ rights , higher healthcare standards and better working conditions for nurses .
Deborah Burger , president elect of the NNU and head of its largest constituent union , the California Nurses Association , called the merger a big step .
“ It ’s a huge day ... not only for the nursing profession , but also for our patients , ” she said .
“ We will be able to go to the halls of Congress and advocate for stronger patient protection , for better healthcare . ”
The merger , approved unanimously by delegates at a founding convention in Phoenix , unifies the CNA , which has 83,000 members in California and several other states ; the United American Nurses , with 45,000 members , mostly in the Midwest , and the 22,000 - member Massachusetts Nurses Association .
The move comes as President Barack Obama is battling to rally support for his top domestic priority , an overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system that extends coverage to millions of uninsured people and curtails spiraling costs .
He faces sharp divisions among lawmakers in the Democratic - controlled Congress over his proposal for a new government - run insurance plan , or public option , an approach fiercely opposed by Republicans and private health insurers .
NURSES SEEK STRONGER HEALTH OVERHAUL
Burger said the merger would likely lend powerful support for the more progressive aims of the overhaul , but she said Obama ’s plan would not go far enough .
“ What we ’ve got now is n’t really healthcare reform , it ’s a reshuffling of the deck chairs on the Titanic as far as our patients are concerned , and we ’re going to make sure that we ... have universal healthcare that is truly universal and has eliminated the insurance companies , ” she told Reuters .
Aside from a bigger voice in the healthcare debate , the merger is expected to give nurses greater leverage in collective bargaining after decades of growth in national hospital chains that have largely resisted union organizing .
Organized labor sees a big opportunity to bolster its ranks in the healthcare industry , a sector that has continued to create jobs during the recession and is expected to see 20 percent employment growth above 2006 levels by 2016 , according to U.S. Labor Department statistics .
“ This is where the jobs of the future lie , ” said Chris Tilly , director of the Institute for Research on Labor and Employment at the University of California , Los Angeles .
“ Baby boomers like me are aging and will soon need a lot of nurses , so this is an area where there ’s going to be a lot of expansion .
There ’s going to be a lot of hard political decisions to make , and they ’re anticipating that and forming this broader coalition to get into those debates , ” he said .
Plans to organize nonunion nurses will go hand - in - hand with a campaign to set national standards for lowering nurse - to - patient ratios , union leaders said .
“ Today we are 150,000 strong , dedicated to a united mission : to organize every unrepresented direct - care registered nurse in America within the family of the National Nurses United , ” Karen Higgins , president of the Massachusetts nurses , said in a speech to the delegates .
They want “ to ensure that every American has access to one single standard of high quality healthcare based on patient need , not corporate profit , ” Higgins said .
Even Lance Armstrong 's own choice of headwear is not enough to change the minds of cyclists who hate hats , it seems
Would you pay around £ 160 for a helmet ?
Me neither .
But when Condor Cycles sent us such an item it set me thinking .
The Giro Ionos , I was told , was pretty much the cutting - edge of road helmet design , so lightweight and well vented it felt as if the merest sliver of polystyrene was resting on your air - cooled brow .
Not only was it the type used by Lance Armstrong in this year 's Tour de France , the one we were lent was even in Lance 's very own Astana team colours of blues , white and yellow .
If that was n't exciting enough , its internal pads are apparently " woven with pure silver fibres that kill 100 % of bacteria " .
The helmet debate is one of the most common – some would even say tedious – in cycling .
But I thought we'd very unscientifically test out one small part of it – could some helmet naysayers be tempted to the other side through sheer comfort ?
Was it just a bad experience with a weighty , ill - fitting lid which put them off ?
I gave the helmet to three Guardian bare - heads and sent them on their way :
Emily Butselaar
Helmets are ill - fitting and uncomfortable .
That 's always been my view and when I began cycling to work this year I did n't consider head protection for a second .
Helmet design did n't seem to have moved on much from the enormous Stackhat I was forced to wear as a child .
Even a nasty collision with a scooter in August did n't change my mind .
So , as a certified helmet refusenik I was n't expecting to be that impressed by the Giro Ionos despite its " state - of - the - art " design .
I do n't need a race helmet and I 've never considered bacteria - killing silver fibres essential , let alone " 21 of the largest vents ever carved into a helmet " .
That said , the Ionos was a great fit .
It was the first helmet I 've tried that did n't require me to tighten the straps to a chokehold .
More importantly , my trial coincided with the clocks going back .
In the summer I was happy to spout the received wisdom to concerned family and friends ; statistically a cycle helmet did n't make me safer , cars give the helmet - free a wider birth etc , but as the days darkened I began to feel less blasé about my safety .
Now when I cycle to and from work in the dark , the high visibility kit and a helmet go on .
And they will stay on , well at least till spring .
But would I buy a Ionos ?
Not a chance .
Sure , it 's light and comfortable but it's also gaudy and frankly too sporty not to look incongruous as I sail along on my sit - up - and - beg .
Plus , it 's £ 159.99 .
That 's about what my bike cost .
So any suggestions for comfortable but stylish , plain black helmets appreciated .
Fiona McKellar
In over 10 years of cycling to work I 've never worn a helmet .
Instead , I 've put my trust in cycling carefully and being as visible as possible .
However , when offered the opportunity to try out a helmet for free , my curiosity got the better of me .
The Ionos is supposedly the most technologically advanced helmet on the market .
Would it , I wondered , tempt me into the helmet wearing fraternity ?
Despite being billed as lightweight , I found it hard to adjust to having a lump of polystyrene balanced on top of my head .
When I tightened it so it did n't wobble , the helmet felt like it had me in a vice - like grip .
On the plus side , it did feel fairly well ventilated .
Compared with cycling hatless and helmetless , my head got a little warmer than usual , but not unpleasantly so .
Overall , I suspect Giro is right and it is one of the more comfortable helmets out there .
But I 'm afraid my trial did n't convince me .
It 's another piece of kit to lug around , it 's expensive , and – for me – uncomfortable too .
Peter Martin
I was a happy helmet wearer until I discovered that if you can wobble your safety helmet , it 's not a safety helmet , it 's an ugly hat .
Following manufacturer 's instructions I started wearing my headgear tight and within a few days started to suffer headaches ( an old injury has left me sensitive around the jaw ) .
So my shiny new helmet was retired to the attic .
I 'm not entirely comfortable cycling without safety headwear , so was hopeful that the Ionos might offer me protection without pain .
It was easy to fit , but I could n't get it to stop moving backwards or forwards on my head , as the instructions demand .
The first ride was no fun .
I spent the whole journey hating the ultra lightweight helmet clamped ultra tightly to my jaw .
It was impossible to ignore it and enjoy the ride .
I tried again and was n't quite so aggravated second time out , but I suspect a longer journey or more frequent use and I 'd be popping the ibuprofen .
As for the helmet 's unique lightness , I can't say I 've ever worried about helmet weight .
It 's having to strap them firmly to my jaw ( as per manufacturer 's instructions ) that means that , however light the helmet , I 'll maybe never feel comfortable .
If anyone can recommend a cycling helmet that does n't feel like cruel and unusual punishment , then I 'll happily give up cycling topless .
Make a public stand for truth !
Get exclusive insights and opportunities to make an impact for truth in our nation .
The debate over healthcare reform moved into the legal realm Tuesday .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum called for an investigation into the constitutionality of a congressional mandate that all Americans purchase health insurance or pay a tax penalty .
“ I have grave concern about the constitutionality of this mandate , ” Mr. McCollum said .
If passed and signed into law , the individual mandate portion of the healthcare legislation would mark the first time Congress has imposed a tax on individuals for essentially doing nothing , he said .
McCollum sent a letter on Tuesday inviting his fellow attorneys general to join his investigation .
“ I believe our analysis is needed in order to provide Congress our input , and more importantly to protect our states and citizens from a potentially unconstitutional federal mandate , ” he wrote in the letter .
The provision is a centerpiece of the healthcare bills currently pending in Congress .
Conservative analysts have been debating the legality of the measure for months .
Liberal analysts have dismissed these concerns as overblown and political posturing .
McCollum told reporters during a telephone conference call that it is “ highly likely ” the bill will become law , and that if it passes in its current form he would consider filing a constitutional challenge in court .
McCollum is running for governor
McCollum is a Republican candidate running for Florida governor in 2010 .
He denied that his efforts on the healthcare bill were politically motivated .
He said his aim was to protect the people of Florida .
“ I think it is a big thing , ” he said .
“ The mandate is especially troubling to Floridians who are guaranteed through the Florida Constitution to have ‘ the right to be let alone and free from governmental intrusion into [ their ] private life , ’ ” he said .
At issue is whether the Constitution ’s commerce clause grants Congress broad enough powers to order Americans to comply with the health insurance mandate or pay a penalty .
Conservatives view it as a question of preserving individual liberty in the face of an increasingly powerful federal government .
Liberals see it as an essential feature of effective government regulation .
Wide participation in the insurance pool is necessary to help spread the cost of the healthcare reforms .
Earlier court cases went both ways
What gives the debate an extra measure of momentum is that the US Supreme Court has issued important constitutional decisions in recent years offering support to both liberals and conservatives .
On one side , the high court struck down acts of Congress seeking to create federal gun-free school zones in 1995 and allowing federal civil lawsuits under the Violence Against Women Act in 2000 .
In both those cases , the high court said the commerce clause is limited to economic activities that substantially affect interstate trade in goods and services .
In effect , Congress overstepped its powers by trying to impose federal regulations in areas traditionally reserved to state governments .
But in 2005 , the Supreme Court also handed down a decision that commerce clause powers are broad enough to support federal regulation of home - grown medical marijuana in California .
That decision reaffirmed a landmark 1942 decision that the commerce clause allows federal regulation of home - grown wheat , even when the wheat is consumed on the farm .
How much can Congress regulate private life ?
The question among constitutional scholars is which line of cases might the high court follow should the individual healthcare mandate arrive on its docket .
A decision in such a case could dramatically limit federal power or expand it so that Congress would be free to regulate virtually every aspect of American life .
“ This takes congressional power and control to a strikingly new level , ” says a recent analysis by legal scholars at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
“ Congress could require every American to buy a new Chevy Impala every year , or pay a ‘ tax ’ equivalent to its blue book value , because such purchases would stimulate commerce , ” the Heritage report says .
“ Even during wartime , when war production is vital to national survival , Congress has never claimed such a power , nor could it , ” the report says .
“ No farmer was ever forced to grow food for the troops ; no worker was forced to build tanks .
And what Congress cannot do during wartime , with national survival at stake , it cannot do in peacetime simply to avoid the political cost of raising taxes to pay for desired government programs . ”
Despite such arguments , many conservative analysts say they do not believe the Supreme Court is likely to overturn a healthcare reform law on commerce clause grounds .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
WELLINGTON , New Zealand ( AP ) 
About 125 pilot whales died in New Zealand after being stranded on two beaches over the weekend , but vacationers and conservation workers managed to coax 43 others back out to sea on Sunday .
On North Island , rescuers monitored the survivors as they swam away from Colville Beach on the Coromandel Peninsula , and by Monday morning they were reported well out to sea .
Workers for the Conservation Department and hundreds of volunteers helped refloat the 43 whales at high tide .
The volunteers covered the stranded whales in sheets and kept them wet through the day .
“ Some 63 pilot whales stranded , but it looks pretty good , we ’ve got 43 live ones , ” said a department ranger , Steve Bolten , as the pod swam out to sea .
These Zucchini Fritters are loaded with feta and herbs .
They are so light , fluffy and delicious .
I promise the picky eaters who always resist eating greens around you will be begging for more when you pair them with yogurt dip or sour cream .
They are the summer party food at its best !
What ’s your favorite snack during summer ?
No , not sweet .
I ’m asking the savory snack you are addicted to .
Between you and me , I ca n’t stop eating zucchini fritters once I start .
These are so good that I eat almost half of them when I am frying .
They are perfectly golden on the outside and moist on the inside .
They are not very crispy because I do n’t make them very thin .
On the contrary , these are thick and fluffy .
Plus , you do n’t taste zucchini , which makes this a kid- approved zucchini fritters recipe .
Oh and are you always looking for zucchini recipes like I do ?
Check my second favorite zucchini recipe out : Vegan Zucchini Tomato Casserole .
What are zucchini fritters made of ?
You can make fritters with any vegetable , but zucchini is the most preferred one in Turkish cuisine .
There are three reasons why moms generally use zucchini for fritters .
First , it helps digestion system of body .
You do n’t feel bloated when you eat fritters made of zucchini .
Secondly , kids never refuse to eat these zucchini packed fritters .
Knowing these , moms make zucchini fritters to make their children love this light vegetable .
As this is not a main dish , moms generally make these as a snack before dinner time when their children come back from school .
The last reason for moms to prefer zucchini for fritters is that Turkish women want to use up the zucchini pulp after they make Stuffed zucchini .
We scoop the center of zucchinis and store the pulp in the fridge to make zucchini fritters the next day .
To make classic fritters , combine shredded zucchini with eggs , flour , baking soda and cheese , feta in our version .
Optionally you can add your favorite herbs like parsley , dill , mint or green onions .
Zucchini fritters recipe with baking powder
Though baking powder or baking soda is not a must for fritters , use it to make your fritters fluffy .
If you are more on the side of crispy fritters , you really do n’t need them .
Make sure you drop the batter in the pan in a thin layer then .
You can do this by gently pressing on the batter you drop in the pan with a tablespoon so that you have flat and crispy fritters .
On the other hand , you will be impressed by the result when you add baking powder .
It gives them a wonderful fluffy texture .
How to prepare zucchinis
Grate the zucchinis using a grater or in a food processor and squeeze out the juice as much as you can .
To get rid of the juice , sprinkle a little salt over shredded zucchini , let them sit for about five minutes and squeeze in your hands in batches .
Although this step sounds like extra effort , do n’t skip it .
You will end up with soggy fritters otherwise .
How to serve zucchini fritters
Our favorite way to enjoy these fritters is with some Yogurt and Cucumber Dip aka Turkish cacik on the side .
Another great dip to serve with fritters is Turmeric Tahini Dressing , which has become our new obsession .
You can also pair these with a sour cream dip like Sour Cream and Chive Dip from Iowa Girl Eats .
Print
Zucchini Fritters with Feta ★★★★★ 5 from 1 reviews Zucchini fritters loaded with feta and herbs .
So light , fluffy and delicious !
Author : zerrin
Prep Time : 10 minutes
Cook Time : 20 minutes
Total Time : 30 minutes
Yield : 14 fritters 1 x
Category : Snack
Cuisine : Turkish Scale 1 x 2 x 3 x Ingredients 1 and 3/4 cup shredded zucchini
and 3/4 cup shredded zucchini 2 eggs
eggs 3/4 cup feta , crumbled
feta , crumbled 1/2 cup herbs ( chopped fresh dill and parsley )
herbs ( chopped fresh dill and parsley ) 1 teaspoon baking soda
baking soda 1/2 cup all purpose flour
all purpose flour 1/4 teaspoon salt
salt 2 tablespoons olive oil Instructions Squeeze the shredded zucchini with your hands as vigorously as you can to remove their juice .
Do this in batches and put the squeezed zucchini in a large bowl .
Beat the eggs in a small bowl and then pour it over the shredded and squeezed zucchini .
Add in feta cheese , herbs , baking soda , flour and salt .
Stir until combined well .
Heat a non -stick skillet over medium high heat .
Pour 1 /2 tablespoon olive oil in it .
Using a tablespoon or an ice cream scoop , drop zucchini batter in the pan and gently press with a tablespoon or a spatula .
Cook about 3 minutes on medium high heat and carefully flip them over with a spatula .
Cook the other side about 3 minutes .
If they cook too quickly , reduce the heat to medium .
Remove the fritters from the skillet and place them on paper towel .
Repeat with the remaining batter .
Notes
The amount of salt depends on how salty your cheese is .
If it ’s too salty , you might need to add less .
If it ’s not , add more salt .
To squeeze as much juice as you can , sprinkle salt over shredded zucchini .
Let it sit for 5 minutes and then squeeze .
Nutrition Serving Size : 1 fritter
Calories : 51
Sugar : 0.4g
Sodium : 262.7mg
Fat : 2.7g
Carbohydrates : 4.4g
Protein : 2.8g
Cholesterol : 34mg Keywords : zucchini fritters , savory snack
This post was first published in 2009 and has been updated with new photos and additional information .
One resolution I had coming into 2010 was getting a better number for the shadow inventory in Southern California .
It is rather clear that shadow inventory is a real factor in the current market but how big is this inventory ?
Can we really get an accurate figure for a large area like Los Angeles County ?
Well this is something I set out to do .
The trouble with the current numbers is they are derived from a variety of sources .
First , you need to pull MLS data for each of the 269 zip codes in Los Angeles County .
This is the largest county in California with approximately 9,700,000 people living here .
It provides an excellent cross section of all the ills California housing is currently experiencing .
If we can get a handle on the actual shadow inventory for this area we can put together a better picture of the housing market for 2010 .
The California housing market for 2010 is going to deal with the heavy flow of Alt - A and option ARM products hitting in conjunction with prime mortgages that are no longer able to remain current in this troubled economy .
Let us first define shadow inventory at least how we perceive it .
Some narrowly define shadow inventory as REO properties that are not on the MLS .
This definition is wrong and too limited because it misses the bigger piece of the pie .
That piece includes homes scheduled for auction and homes with a notice of default filed ( NOD ) that have yet to make it onto the MLS .
Some argue that these homes are not shadow inventory because there is a chance they will become current and have no need of being on the MLS for sale .
This is misguided because only 3 to 5 percent of these mortgages will be cured so the bulk will eventually end up as foreclosures and will get on the MLS at some point .
This is what we can measure .
Yet I would also argue that there is another layer of homes that are currently 90 + days late that have no NOD filed and these are also part of the shadow inventory .
I painstakingly over a few days pulled data on all 269 zip codes for Los Angeles County to get a better picture of what is really going on .
Data was pulled from a variety of sources including the MLS , foreclosure filings , and DataQuick to name a few .
Putting this together gives us a fascinating picture :
Here is the real story .
The purple column is the MLS viewable data by the public .
According to this data L.A. County as of the start of 2010 has approximately 19,400 homes .
In November 6,257 homes sold in the county .
This gives us some 3 months of inventory ( a healthy amount ) .
Yet that is probably where the normalcy ends .
Let us go through each column .
First , we have more homes in pre-foreclosure than the entire MLS data .
These are homes that now have a notice of default filed .
Next , we have homes that have an auction scheduled .
These homes are deeper in the foreclosure process .
This number is enormous and by itself is almost twice the size of the MLS data .
Next , we have bank owned homes that is usually what some look at when they define shadow inventory .
It becomes clear why some like to skew the data .
Banks are lagging and when you only look at REOs , then it does n’t look so bad .
Yet this assumption falsely sits with the notion that the NOD and auction column are somehow going to miraculously cure with some programs like HAMP .
Yet the data on HAMP is proving otherwise with roughly 4 percent of trial modifications becoming permanent .
Add the shadow data columns up and you get a hidden inventory that is nearly 3 times the MLS data .
The difference is 3 months of inventory versus nearly 14 months of inventory .
What does this mean ?
There is a tremendous amount of property in distress .
Until this calms down the market is going to remain highly volatile .
I also wanted to look at which zip codes had the largest number of shadow inventory in relation to the MLS data .
As you would expect , more troubled areas have a larger number of shadow inventory but you ’ll be surprised how many zip codes have more shadow inventory than MLS data :
Now this data is fascinating .
Let us dig around the data to help explain what is going on .
First , you ’ll notice that the top 10 shadow inventory zip codes all fall around $ 300,000 except for one area .
This would be expected since many of these areas are the most troubled .
Let us use one of the examples above with Pacoima .
Pacoima on the MLS has 118 properties listed .
In the latest month of data 62 homes sold .
So to the public , this looks like a city with less than 2 months of inventory , a very healthy market .
Yet if we add up the shadow data a very different picture emerges :
NOD ( 318 ) + Auction ( 630 ) + REO ( 148 ) = 1,096 shadow inventory properties
Add in the shadow data with the MLS data and you go from below 2 months of inventory to a whopping 19.5 months of inventory .
This is why this is so crucial .
It is the difference in a relatively healthy market and a very unhealthy one .
As I mentioned before , I pulled data on all 269 zip codes in Los Angeles County .
I wanted to get a better sense how dispersed shadow inventory really was .
Some want to paint a picture that only poor areas are subject to large amounts of hidden inventory .
That is not the case :
Out of 269 zip codes only 26 zip codes had less shadow inventory than what was appearing on the MLS .
206 zip codes actually have shadow inventory that is twice the size of the publicly viewable MLS data .
Even more troubling 75 zip codes have shadow inventory that is five times the MLS data .
This data is compelling enough to make you pause because what is being presented is not the entire picture .
Let us get a better picture of L.A. County by pulling up demographic information :
In L.A. County 1.178 million homes have a mortgage .
Over 350,000 have no mortgage .
Of those with a mortgage over 400,000 are underwater .
This shows us a market that is in high distress .
Simply looking at the MLS data and going by what the banks are telling us is really giving you a distorted picture of reality .
The market is saturated with distress inventory to the point of overflowing the above charts .
Over 90,000 homes with a mortgage are now 90 + days late .
And here is where we jump even deeper into the rabbit hole .
Of active distress properties ( NOD + scheduled auction ) we get roughly 60,000 homes .
We ’ll leave out the nearly 9,000 REOs since these are now fully categorized as “ foreclosed ” and are owned by the bank .
So you have another 30,000 homes in L.A. County that are 90 + days late but have no notice of default filed .
What is going on here ?
It could be that it is still early in the process .
But what is more likely is that banks are simply stalling out the process .
Unfortunately we do not have access to this data since this is where banks keep their Enron style accounting statements .
If you add the entire potential data :
90 + days late but not NOD + NOD filed +
Auction Scheduled + REO = Approximately 100,000 homes
Los Angeles County has roughly 100,000 homes as part of the shadow inventory .
This is an enormous number given that the MLS only lists 19,400 homes .
In other words , the potential pool of properties in the county is five times as large as the public is currently seeing .
And these are properties that are in distress .
At the very minimum this is a borrower that has missed three mortgage payments .
The likelihood of future foreclosure is extremely high .
How many of these homes are Alt - A or option ARM connected ?
Hard to say but we can easily estimate that the vast majority of the shadow inventory that is also part of the Alt - A and option ARM circle is virtually assured to default .
Some areas seem to have very little shadow inventory but it is in the area where the fewest people live :
Now as you will notice the median price of all these areas is solidly above the $ 1 million mark .
But even here , you ’ll notice the large amount of inventory .
A place like Beverly Hills with the iconic 90210 zip code has over 28 months of inventory if we also include the shadow data .
But this is n’t uncommon in high priced areas .
Now it would be cumbersome to show all 269 zip codes here but given that I have covered Culver City , Pasadena , and Santa Monica in the past I ’m sure many of you would like to see that data :
The same patterns play out in these areas .
Factoring in the shadow inventory the data takes a different shape .
There are many factors that are going to determine where housing will head in 2010 but the above is rather clear .
Shadow inventory is large in L.A. County and I would imagine an analysis of many other counties would yield similar results .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
York University offers WordPress websites to faculty members and departments who want to use a web publishing system in a managed environment .
WordPress is an easy - to - use content management system that is suitable for websites and blogs ( which allow readers to comment on posts . )
Our system supports all of the features of WordPress including :
UIT - managed WordPress installation with a controlled list of WordPress plugins and themes
Passport - York authentication for blog administrators
An integrated user database allows users to have access to multiple blogs
UIT support to help you customize a York - branded blog theme
Simple version control allows you to view or restore earlier versions of posts and pages .
Generation of RSS and ATOM feeds which can " push " WordPress headlines into other websites .
Request a WordPress Site
Notes about website 's ' Look & Feel ' :
You will not be able to modify WordPress code or upload your own plugins or themes .
This service is primarily for York - branded sites .
If you require a specific theme or plugin , please see the Plugin Request page .
Managing users
Site administrators can invite anyone with a York Passport York login to join their site as a contributor , writer , editor or administrator .
By default WordPress sites can be viewed by anyone , but if required , you can restrict access to York faculty , staff and students .
More information can be found at the WordPress at York - Managing Users website section .
Bronson Pinchot will forever be best known as the zany , loveable goofball immigrant from the hit ’ 80s sitcom Perfect Strangers , but he ’s racked up an impressive résumé of character roles in film , stage , and television .
A
Yale graduate , Pinchot made his film debut in the 1983 cult classic Risky Business , and went on to appear in a slew of memorable ’ 80s films , including 1984 ’s Beverly Hills Cop , where he stole scenes from Eddie Murphy ; 1984 ’s The Flamingo Kid ; and Martin Scorsese ’s brilliant 1985 dark comedy After Hours .
But Perfect Strangers made Pinchot a household name .
After the show ended , Pinchot popped up in 1993 ’s True Romance , 1994 ’s Beverly Hills Cop III , and 1996 ’s Courage Under Fire and The First Wives Club .
In 2007 , Pinchot played a snooty art critic who learns valuable life lessons in Mr. Art Critic , which has just been released on DVD .
Advertisement
Mr. Art Critic ( 2007 ) — “ M.J. Clayton ”
Advertisement
Bronson Pinchot :
We shot it on this little island called Mackinac .
You ca n’t drive a car there ; everything is horse - drawn .
It was enchanting , but between every shot , someone would have to run into the street with a broom and clean up the horse crap .
Somebody said to me , “ Do you want to go to a cute little island where there are no cars and make a movie ? ” I would n’t have imagined that horse - crap removal would be a full - time job on the film .
But it reminded me of when I did First Wives ’ Club in Astoria , New York .
I love Astoria , because it ’s got a lot of Greeks , and I love Greeks , and my manager Bernie Brillstein — who recently died — who was mildly dyslexic called me and said , “ Would you like to make another movie in Astoria if I can get you good money ? ”
And I said , “ Yes , I love Greeks ! ”
And he said , “ You love Greeks ?
In Astoria ? ” And I said , “ On breaks , it ’s fun to go to the diners . ”
He booked me on this movie , which was called Out Of The Cold .
And they sent me the ticket , and I called him back , and I said , “ This is for Estonia . ”
He ’d mixed it up with Astoria .
No wonder he was confused I was mentioning Greeks !
Everybody there is really nice .
All the young people there are drunk all the time because there ’s nothing else to do .
The A.V. Club :
So there ’s a lot of drunken horse riding ?
BP : Well , everything there is so picturesque , you forget that the price of picturesque is boredom .
A local journalist said , “ What do you think of the island ? ” and I said , “ Everybody ’s so friendly .
I do n’t understand how you have any teeth , because there are like 44 fudge shops on Main Street , and everything is fudge , and I do n’t know how people can subsist on only fudge . ”
But it was really fun .
I would go to all the same restaurants all the time and get food , and you ’d have these 25 - year - olds who are like , “ I was so wasted , dude , ” because there ’s nothing to do !
I do n’t know what you ’d do if you lived there , but it was really fun .
It ’s a good lesson , because anything that looks “ charming , ” if you scratch the surface , there ’s going to be fudge .
Advertisement
The Young And The Restless ( 2008 ) — “ Patrick Dalton ”
BP : I forgot I even did that .
I do n’t know how many episodes I did .
My character was supposed to be launching this magazine , and there were several episodes previous to the launch , and one or two after the launch , and I remember thinking , “ I do n’t know what the character ’s going to do after the magazine ’s launched , because then he has no identity anymore . ”
There was so much booze around that it occurred to me , and I got the okay to do it , that basically when the party was launched , it revealed that he was a lush .
I would just lean on things and be inappropriate , and that was really fun .
So what the hell do you do ?
I decided that he would just be a drunk .
Advertisement
Because it was a fashion magazine and he was somebody that was supposed to be well versed in high fashion , I had a few run-ins with the fashion department .
They would put on the rack like a regular blazer and a tie , and I said , “ If he ’s in the eye of the hurricane of fashion , a jacket wo n’t pass , give me something else . ”
They would get mad , and I was like “ Well , let me go through the costume racks and pick something weird and make it up , because a jacket and tie wo n’t do it . ”
They were not too thrilled with me , but what I ended up doing was , I took an opera scarf which was about seven inches wide and tied it into a tie , which meant that the knot was about eight inches tall , and everyone said , “ Oh , that ’s weird and new . ”
And so that ’s what I ended up doing .
Soap operas are a world where rich people always have chandeliers and hip people have striped hair and the language that they use does n’t have any flexibility anymore .
But I enjoyed it .
I got to do everything in one take , and the people on it were very neat , and they ’re very self - aware .
Risky Business ( 1983 ) — “ Barry ”
BP : We did n’t know it was going to be a big hit .
We thought Tom [ Cruise ] was the biggest bore on the face of the Earth .
He had spent some formative time with Sean Penn — we were all very young at the time , Tom was 20 , I was 23 .
Tom had picked up this knack of calling everyone by their character names , because that would probably make your performance better , and I do n’t agree with that .
I think that acting is acting , and the rest of the time , you should be you , but he called us all by our character names .
He was tense and made constant , constant unrelated homophobic comments , like , “ You want some ice cream , in case there are no gay people there ? ”
I mean , his lingo was larded with the most …
There was no basis for it .
It was like , “ It ’s a nice day , I ’m glad there are no gay people standing here . ”
Very , very strange .
Advertisement
Years and years later when people started to torment him with that , I used to think “ God , that ’s really fitting , because he tormented a lot of people as a 20 - year - old . ”
He made such a big deal about it .
Same thing with Eddie Murphy — I remember somebody calling and saying , “ You ’ll never guess who was just caught with a transvestite ! ” [ Laughs . ]
And I remember thinking that seemed fitting , because there are certain people in showbiz who make it an agenda , every third sentence has to have something knocking that life choice , and you think , “ What are you doing ? ”
Like , these women came up to me in a restaurant — I was wearing a bright red shirt , and I was with some friends , and they said , “ Would you like to join our club ?
We wear red . ”
What kind of choice is that ?
If you spent many years in the theater , and then you show up in movies , and people have on their to - do list for the day that they ’re going to make a comment every third sentence , it strikes you as very strange .
I just thought it was very funny that years later , that became his bugaboo .
Which is a nice 1930s term I thought you ’d enjoy .
AVC : Do you think he was just insecure ?
Or that he was young ?
BP : I really do n’t know .
It is what it is ; there ’s nothing I can add to it .
If someone ’s 20 years old and every third line out of their mouth is anti-something specific , then draw your own conclusion .
I thought it was very weird .
Similarly , there ’s a certain type of middle - aged woman that will tell you within 20 seconds of meeting you that she can’t find anyone to take her to bed .
And that really strikes me as strange , too , like , “ Why are you telling me that ? ” I do n’t like any kind of conversational agenda ; it makes me uncomfortable .
I just think it ’s weird .
Unless you ’re with your very best friends and you ’re being silly .
Then you can do whatever you want .
Advertisement
AVC : Did you have a sense that even though Tom Cruise was boring and unpleasant , he would be exciting onscreen ?
BP : Oh , no .
I thought the movie would disappear .
It just goes to show you , I obviously do n’t have the antennae for that .
I did n’t see it at all , but neither did any of the actors .
All of the actors who talked about him were like , “ What is this guy all about ? ”
And you know , honestly , I never got it , and I do n’t get it to this day .
But it was his breakout film .
He always talked about himself like he was a mega - superstar ; that was weird , too .
Advertisement
AVC : In order to achieve that level of success , you have to have a burning ambition .
BP : I guess so .
It ’s just a different kind of animal , like a racing greyhound versus a mutt that sits in your lap .
I guess I ’m a mutt that sits in your lap .
I do n’t know what that is , but I ’ve seen it many times .
I think Denzel Washington has it — he ’s one of the most unpleasant human beings I ’ve ever met in my life , but he ’s this mega - superstar .
Advertisement
AVC : A year later , you were in a movie with another one of the biggest stars in the world — 1984 ’s Bachelor Party .
BP : I was not in Bachelor Party .
AVC : The IMDB says you were .
The Internet has lied to me !
BP : You talking about Tom Hanks ?
I do know Tom , I did a play with his wife [ Rita Wilson ] , and he is the complete antidote to what I just said .
He is a wonderful and genuine and lovely and down - to - earth person .
I do n’t know how he does that .
I first met him when he was doing his spate of not - successful movies .
There was a period in the ’ 80s when he did The Man With One Red Shoe and Joe Versus The Volcano and all those movies that were n’t doing well , and that ’s when I first met him , and I would run into him on and off over the years .
Then two years ago , I did a play with his wife , and there he was at his absolute height .
He ’s always been a delightful person , so it ’s not really true that big stars need to be driven and repulsive , because he ’s anything but .
Advertisement
Beverly Hills Cop ( 1984 ) — “ Serge ”
BP : I almost did n’t do the movie , because my girlfriend and I had tickets to go to Florence , and they kept pushing the date back of when they were going to shoot it .
Not having a crystal ball and not knowing what was going to happen with it , I said , “ If you do n’t shoot it before next Wednesday , I ’m not doing it .
We ’ve got tickets to Florence , and I ’m not not going to Florence . ”
I did n’t have any money , I was nobody , and I was just kidding around and having fun , and it came out , and people were following me around and shrieking and taking pictures , acting like I was a big deal .
I did n’t have any concept of what the hell was going on .
But basically , it was a couple of days , fooling around , having fun .
I almost did n’t do it .
Advertisement
Beverly Hills Cop 3 ( 1995 ) — “ Serge ”
BP : That was a lifetime later .
Beverly Hills
Cop opened up a whole world .
I got the television show and movies , and I would go sign autographs for one hour and get paid $ 25,000 .
I had bodyguards and police barricades , and I had that whole life from 1985 to about 1992 , ’93 .
Eddie was going through his period at the time of doing movies that were not hits , and he was very low - spirited , low - energy .
I said to him , “ All anyone ever wants to know when they meet me is what you ’re like . ”
And he said , “ I bet they do n’t ask that anymore . ”
And then when we did a scene , we were shooting , and he was so low - energy that John Landis sent him upstairs and said , “ Just rest , Eddie , and I ’ll do the scene with Bronson . ”
So whenever you see my face in the movie , I ’m not really talking to Eddie , I ’m talking to John Landis .
And I can understand it — he was just having a bad stretch .
And that stretch lasted …
When did Dr. Dolittle come out ?
I think his funk really did last until then .
I do n’t know what started the funk , but it lasted a chunk of time , and that was in the belly of the funk , and he was just really sad and low - energy and I basically did the scene without him there .
Advertisement
AVC : Was that distracting for you ?
BP : No , that stuff happens all the time in movies .
Somebody needs to get their hair redone , or a camera angle makes it impossible to get the person on the spot , it ’s not uncommon .
They described it to me as , “ It ’s better to have a lively pair of eyes to talk to , as opposed to a person who does n’t want to be there . ”
Advertisement
AVC : Eddie Murphy reportedly said after Coming To America that John Landis had a better chance of working with Vic Morrow again than with him .
Was there tension between the two ?
BP : No , there was n’t at all .
John is a really sweet guy , he ’s a mensch .
It was just at the time , Eddie was really depressed , and that ’s not unusual for actors .
It ’s very easy to get depressed and to lose your way , it really is .
So John was very nurturing .
And everyone in show business makes these sweeping , “ I ’ll never work with so - and - so again , ” because that ’s the way you feel at the moment .
It ’s a business where there really is no point in ever saying never .
There are people I ’ve sworn that I would never go near again , and then you see an interesting role that would put you opposite that person and you think , “ Well , we ’ll work together , maybe they were having a bad year . ”
Advertisement
After Hours ( 1985 ) — “ Lloyd ”
AVC : In 1985 , you were in one of my favorite movies of all time , After Hours .
BP : That ’s one of your favorite movies ?
I forgot I was even in that movie !
I ’ll tell you my funny story about that movie — there had been an extra , a beautiful woman who was a background player on The Flamingo Kid who was just sensational , but more than that , she was one of the wittiest people I had ever met , sharp as a tack .
So we shot that movie in ’ 83 , and I had a crush on her , because she was so smart and fucking beautiful , and I love that combination .
They do n’t often happen together .
Advertisement
Then one day , I was standing at the elevator in my building in New York , and there she was , and we realized that we lived in the same building .
So we had this big affair — we were both with different people — and I went to the Caribbean to make a movie , and I started seeing somebody else , and she went back to her boyfriend , and I never saw her again , until the day I showed up for work on After Hours .
There she was as a background player , staring at me — not in a good way .
She was staring at me in the “ Why did n’t you leave your girlfriend for me ? ” way .
And I was doing the scene , and they did n’t have a good budget , so Scorsese takes me aside and says , “ I do n’t know why you ’re playing this character so nervously , but I do n’t want you to have that quality . ”
I said , “ Then you need to move that background player over there , because I hooked up with her last year , and she ’s staring at me , ” and he said “ Oh , okay ! ”
AVC : So that ’s your big memory of working with Martin Scorsese ?
BP : Yeah !
He was really desperate to get the shot , and he called me into this cubicle and said , “ We do n’t have a lot of time to do a lot of takes , I do n’t like this quality .
Why are you doing that ? ”
Actually , what he said to me was , “ You ’ve got this naturally vulnerable quality , so anything you add on top of that is too much . ”
I said , “ I ’m not doing it on purpose ! ”
But actually , that was an incredibly astute thing to say , and I ’ve noticed it in other movies , especially when I ’m in super close - up .
I ’ve remembered his words years later , because I thought , “ If I ’m supposed to play vulnerability and if I do zero , it comes across as very transparent . ”
So he of course was right .
Advertisement
Flamingo Kid ( 1984 ) — “ Alfred Schultz ”
BP : Yeah , that ’s the movie where I met the extra .
So here ’s my story about that : Janet Jones was in it , and she was a model , and Matt [ Dillon ] was in it , and Matt was from the school of acting — and I was , too — where if all else fails , just talk to the other person .
Forget about trying to get some complex thing about character going , just talk .
The basic thing is , just make sure you are talking to the person and making the event happen .
And Janet did n’t know the lingo of acting , so one day we were shooting in the van on the way back to New York , and she was crying , and I said “ What ’s wrong , Janet ? ”
And she said [ Adopts ditzy voice . ]
“ Matt never talks to me , and when we were shooting those scenes , and the camera was rolling , he said , ‘ Just talk to me , ’ and I did n’t understand why he wanted to talk right then ! ”
Bless her heart .
I told her that in acting lingo , that just means to get real and talk to the person , it did n’t mean that he wanted to have a conversation .
Advertisement
AVC : Did n’t she go on to marry Wayne Gretzky ?
BP : Yeah .
Probably not a bad life !
And she was a deeply sweet person .
The thing people forget is that when someone comes from a non-acting world , they do n’t deserve ridicule , they deserve help .
Sometimes they flower and they know what to do , like Marilyn Monroe — she was the cheesecake girl that was thrust into it , and she had the brains to go to someone and say , “ Get me in an acting class and show me what to do . ”
Advertisement
Sara ( 1985 ) — “ Dennis Kemper ”
BP : That was a tough show , and I ’ll tell you why .
I had been offered that role , and then when we were shooting it , Beverly Hills Cop came out , and I was immensely hot all of a sudden .
And there I was playing fourth banana in this TV show , and that did n’t go down too well , because when they would come to do stories about the show , they would focus on me , and that was awkward .
It was the beginning of many awkward periods in my life where it ’s like , “ Look , I ’m sorry — I did n’t tell them to come do a story on me , I ca n’t control it . ”
It was awkward , because it was n’t in the right pecking order .
Advertisement
Number two , the interesting thing with that show was …
There was going to be a black lawyer — because of course , do n’t we all know that “ black ” is a character — there was going to be a chauvinist lawyer , there was going to be a gay lawyer , and then there was going to be the Mary Tyler Moore character that Geena Davis played .
And at the time I auditioned for that show , I had so little money that someone had given me a gift basket for Christmas , and I would limit myself to two slices of the apple and a bite of cheese every day .
That ’s how poor I was .
So I went in , and they were so afraid that nobody would want to do the gay lawyer that they did n’t even show us the script .
It was 1984 !
So they said , “ Well , we just want somebody likeable , and here ’s your line , say this line , ” and I do the line , and they gave me the part .
Then I saw the script , and it was like , now he ’s the gay lawyer .
And I said , “ Fine , I could care less ! ”
Then when we started to rehearse it , I would think of funny things to do , and I was like , “ I want to be misting the plants , and I want to be doing this , ” and they said , “ No , no , no , no , you ca n’t do anything that ’s like actually gay .
We ’ll give you one line a show that ’s like , ‘ I sleep with men . ’ ”
I was a kid , and it was an entirely different world , it was a world away from the world now , so there I am doing this job as a gay man on television , and I played a gay man in Beverly Hills Cop .
So , every time I would go on a blind date or something , the first question would always be , “ Why do you play gay roles ? ”
And I would say , “ It ’s not like a sign I wear on my head that says that ’s all I ’ll do , ” but they just happened to coincide , so that was a strange period in my life .
There were n’t that many of that role out there .
There was Billy Crystal in Soap , and then there was me .
These organizations I had never heard of would come to me and say , “ Would you host the gay and lesbian whatever ? ” and I was like , “ Why ?
Because I ’m playing this role ? ”
And then it would be like wink , wink — it was very weird .
I wish I had been 35 instead of 25 — 25 ’s young .
You forget how young 25 is .
If I were 35 , I would have been like , “ You bet I will !
I ’ll be there with bells on . ”
I mean , I ’m on a list of famous people who are left - handed , because I wrote with my left hand on the show .
I do n’t go out of my way to tell people that I ’m not left - handed — they think I am , and that ’s a compliment , because then I made myself write left - handed , that ’s who I decided he was , and it made sense to me , because I figured he was such a right - brained kind of guy .
To this day , people swear that I have an accent .
Do I have an accent ?
Advertisement
AVC : No .
BP : I do n’t even fight them anymore !
When someone says , “ Oh my God , you have an accent , ” I ’m like , “ Okay . ” I do n’t have one , but they think I do .
I have these conversations sometimes where I ’ll go into a truck stop and they ’ll say , “ Do you know who you look like ?
Bronson Pinchot . ”
And I say , “ Well , I am Bronson Pinchot . ”
And the first thing they say , if I ’m in a rural area , is “ No you ’re not ! ”
That used to make me mad , but now I say , “ Okay !
You know best .
And I ’ll have the turkey with cheese . ”
When I was younger , for some reason that would freak me out — do n’t tell me I ’m not me !
That was an interesting and weird time , but what had happened was , when I was released from Sara , which was a crappy show anyway and a crappy time , and everybody was staring at me and running up to me with things to sign — I did n’t understand that either , what the whole autographing thing was about .
I ran away to a place where my mother had had some great times , which was Greece , and while I was there , I remember that somebody had asked me before Sara to consider doing a show about an immigrant , and I could do any accent I wanted .
I was in Greece for a while , and I said , “ Well , if I can make him sound Greek , I ’ll do it . ”
And so the running away actually led to the next step , which was Perfect Strangers , which was my identity for quite a while .
Advertisement
Perfect Strangers ( 1986-1993 ) — “ Balki Bartokomous ”
Advertisement
BP : I discovered my inner physical comic there , because I felt that the writing was weak .
I mean , I received my training in Shakespeare , Shaw , and Beckett , and all of a sudden I ’m doing this stuff , like …
What the hell is this about ?
Who cares ?
And so I put all my energy into coming up with physical business , and all of a sudden I was a physical comic , and that is exactly how it happened .
I ’d always admired physical comics , but I did n’t think there was that much going on .
The character was n’t stupid , but you ’d look at the script and say , “ What is this about ? ”
So I made my own life up , and I had a lot of fun doing that with Mark Linn - Baker , because he loved all that stuff , too .
It was a weird period in my life , because what I needed to do , what I had needed for years …
I should have been able to go somewhere and get treated for some serious depression , based on the fact that I had some bad stuff happen when I was a kid , but I did n’t want to .
And so I was actually quite depressed during Perfect Strangers , and the contrast between what I was playing and what I felt like was a bit much .
And that was a hard time , actually .
AVC : There were 150 episodes — how did your feelings about the show progress as it went on ?
Advertisement
BP : It ’s really just like a relationship .
At the start , you ’re so in love and you ca n’t believe it , and then you settle down and it ’s comfy , and then you start to get bored , and then you get resentful , and I think at the very end , it was pretty bad .
Never ever between Mark and I .
Our curve was that we started out bickering about everything because we were being territorial , and then we realized over the course of time that we very dearly did care about each other , and that we did dearly love each other , and that was interesting .
We eventually had a deep bond .
And then toward the end of the show , you know , just being really brittle …
The girl that played my girlfriend came in one day and was in a snotty mood , and I stopped and said , “ You can get a stand - in to rehearse her scenes , and she can come in later . ”
I regret that , but there was crap like that .
True Romance ( 1993 ) — “ Elliot Blitzer ”
BP : That was an exciting thing , because at that point in my life , no one had really ever heard me speak with my own voice .
I remember the first couple of weeks , people would lean in and say , “ Let ’s hear him talk ! ”
Which was kind of a compliment , but weird .
If it had been a hit , it would have been the exact opening chapter of the second act of my career .
It was an interesting role , it was a good character role in a dramatic movie .
So it was a hugely important thing .
And it was a fun , very exciting thing .
Advertisement
AVC : Was Quentin Tarantino a presence on the set ?
BP : A little bit .
And I ’ll never forget one thing he said to me right after the dailies started to come out .
There ’s this scene where I ’m driving with this prostitute , where I get coke in my face , and I ’m doing this insane cackle of joy in the car as I drive , because I ’m getting a blowjob , which was my idea , and Quentin said , “ Thank you for putting that in the movie .
That ’s the sound that I wanted , and I was hoping to get that out of Christian [ Slater ] , but it just popped out of you .
That ’s the sound I wanted in the movie , that ’s the rhythm and the sound of it . ”
He was around , but not intrusively .
Advertisement
Courage Under Fire ( 1996 ) — “ Bruno ”
BP : That was a low point , because Denzel Washington was behind the incredibly cowardly bullshit of “ This is my character , not me . ”
He was really abusive to me and everybody on that movie , and his official explanation was that his character did n’t like me , but it was a dreadful experience .
I spent my salary on time with my shrink just for helping me get through it , and what that led to was the very next big movie that I did .
I should have said to the producers , “ You get that guy in line , or I ’m out of here . ”
Life ’s too short .
But the next movie I did , the director was getting a lot of crap from his star , and he started to take it out on me one day , and just like a German shepherd — you know when a German shepherd stands up on its hind legs and puts its paws on your shoulders ?
Advertisement
I put my hands on his shoulders and I very gently but firmly said , “ I do n’t do abuse , and if you say one more word of abuse to me , I ’m on a plane , and you do n’t have enough money to keep me here . ”
And that was the end of it , and I ’ve never taken abuse again .
And I was n’t vile or anything , it just ripped out of me .
Denzel Washington cured me forever of thinking that there is any amount of money or anything that could ever , ever make it okay to be abused .
The script supervisor on that movie said it ’s like watching somebody kick a puppy .
He was so vile .
And after that , I just would never endure it again .
The First Wives Club ( 1996 ) — “ Duarto Feliz ”
BP : Which is the movie I was just describing .
AVC : So Hugh Wilson would be the director in question ?
BP : Yes , because Bette Midler was such a bitch to him .
While he was directing , she would be rolling her eyes , pantomiming with her favorite actors , and she made it very difficult .
And he was at his wit ’s end .
He was actually a very nice man , but she was very unkind to him on that movie .
Am I not supposed to say these things ?
Because it is The Onion after all , the highest form of journalism .
[ Laughs . ]
I ’m just kidding .
One of the most freeing things about not being on a primetime sitcom that ’s aimed at children is that you do n’t have to edit so much .
My God , back in the day , it was implicit that if you wanted to keep your job , you wo n’t say anything about anybody or tell the truth about anything .
I did this Rolling Stone interview once , and the guy began the interview with a description of me talking about my ideal weekend , which was to fuck until the skin came off my dick .
And I read that , and I think to myself , “ You really needed not to be saying stuff like that . ”
But I was so desperate to express myself .
I was so hemmed in by people saying , “ Do n’t show the hair on your chest . ”
It was weird , like I was hired in the ’30s .
Advertisement
AVC : If you ’re repressed and repressed and repressed , then eventually you need an outlet .
BP : Yeah , at one point in my career , it was all hanging out .
And now , I can say the truth of the matter is that some of these people are jerks , and some of these people are gods , and I do n’t know why certain people are protected .
Some people are so nasty .
I do n’t know why .
Advertisement
Step By Step ( 1997 ) — “ Jean - Luc Rieupeyroux ”
BP : They changed my hair a lot , because the guy was a beauty guru .
I did n’t have much to do , so I worked out all the time — it was kind of a fun year .
I made a lot of money and just did it .
They were very nice people .
It was just … I do n’t know what it was .
It was all the Perfect Strangers people saying , “ Come and bail us out , ” because the guy who played the surfer dude on the show had shown up with a gun , and they had to send him on his way for a year , and they needed somebody to be the goofy character , so they brought me for a year to be the goofy character .
And then as usual , they did n’t quite know what to do with me , so I just kind of stood around .
Advertisement
You And I ( 2008 ) — “ Tarrino ”
BP : What ’s You And I ?
AVC : Let ’s see , it might be called Finding t. A. T.u ?
BP : Oh , yeah .
That ’s the different name , I think they ’re still re-editing it — have you seen it ?
Advertisement
AVC : No , I think they ’ve been talking about it coming out for a long time , and I do n’t know what the situation with that is .
BP : Well , the movie was basically done by the time I came on , but there was a reference in the script to a fashion photographer being incredibly abusive to Mischa Barton ’s character and messing with her ego , which made her do self - destructive things .
So they decided to actually show that person .
So they brought me in , and the director said , “ Do you like improvising ?
Basically , you have to reduce her to tears , and it has to be very personal , and it has to be about her body , because you ’re the most powerful fashion photographer in the world , and you should decimate her . ”
So I said okay .
There were all these beautiful models there , so I said , “ Let me be sitting on one . ”
Like literally , like have me be straddling her and taking pictures of her so that it basically looks like I ’m fucking using her for my pleasure .
Advertisement
So I took Mischa Barton aside and said , “ Are you aware of this ?
What are you okay with ?
Give me an arena . ”
She said , “ If you talk about my ass , it ’ll make me cry . ”
So I did , and I was n’t loving it — I do n’t love that stuff — but she felt that it was important for me , so we did like 20 takes where I made comments about her ass , and then she cried , and then we all went home .
It was n’t my favorite day in filmmaking .
I felt a little dirty , but that ’s what was asked of me .
She was a very sweet kid , actually .
Rather brave in a way , because I asked her what she wanted me to do , and she said , “ Talk about my hips and my ass , that ’ll make me cry . ”
And it ’s like , “ Yikes .
Well , at least I have it from the horse ’s mouth . ”
There had been early warning signs the accused Nazi sympathiser would do something terrible .
In fact , one of his favourite activities after work as a pipelayer with Cairns City Council was stealing sticks of gelignite from his employer and blowing up gum trees .
He also tested his ability in making pipe bombs .
" Karl Kast had no real criminal history to speak of but he had a real interest in explosions , " local historian Jack Sim said yesterday .
Kast , a German ship deserter who was released from a prison camp in Australia during World War II and took on local citizenship , found it hard to secure work and developed a " paranoid view of Australia " .
He showed a remarkable memory - he was apparently able to draw an entire to - scale map of the nation 's eastern seaboard including dams , ports and railway without prompting - but felt isolated .
One day , working in Cairns , Kast fell into a trench onto a hard steel pipe .
The 30 - year - old started to make claims about severe back pain and visited local doctors , but accused them of discrimination after they failed to substantiate his injury complaints .
I think he had intention to commit a great act of terror on Wickham Terrace that day
He refused to work , claiming he could not raise his arms past his waist and all his toes on his right foot had turned black and green , and demanded a pension for the rest of his life .
Kast , who spoke to authorities with " utter contempt " , travelled to Brisbane 's famed " street of doctors " - Wickham Terrace - to find a medic who would support his claims .
In today 's parlance , it would be known as doctor shopping .
But fresh x-rays found nothing .
" This just added to Karl Kast 's paranoia that he was a victim of a system that was against ' Krauts ' , against ' New Australians ' , and against him , " Mr Sim said .
" Karl Kast would begin to do the rounds of doctors . "
Even a well - respected and sympathetic orthopaedic surgeon , Dr Arthur Meehan , who promised to ignore everything the other doctors had said and look at his case afresh , concluded the pain he claimed to suffer was all in the mind .
" You 're all liars , " Kast protested , threatening to kill all of the doctors who had challenged his story .
The angry patient returned to Wickham Terrace on December 1 , 1955 , bearing a .38 calibre revolver and a satchel containing 12 pipe bombs he had made in the bedroom of his Woolloongabba home .
The first stop was Dr Michael Gallagher 's practice on the second floor of Wickham House , which still stands today despite Kast 's unsuccessful attempt to blow up the building .
Kast fired bullets into the doctor 's right forearm , the right side of his chest and his leg .
" It is to do with spines , " Kast said , when challenged about his behaviour in front of horrified onlookers , before heading back downstairs .
Miraculously , Dr Gallagher survived the gunshots .
As he was leaving Wickham House , Kast laid down a number of bombs and a lit candle in the foyer area before fleeing to the next building .
Mr Sim said experts believed the firepower would have been enough to bring down the entire building , had a racehorse trainer not suspected something was awry and hurled the explosives out on to the street .
The bomb broke the windows of a passing cab and smashed the bitumen as shrapnel from the explosion hit a nurse in the eyebrow .
The nurse had earlier thought someone careless had left a lit cigarette in the foyer .
Karl Kast , meanwhile , was heading to Ballow Chambers where a number of other doctors on his hit list worked .
The first man he killed was Dr Andrew Murray , a well - mannered man who had moved from England with his wife and children .
" He walked up to Dr Murray and shot him straight in the head as he sat at the desk , " Mr Sim said .
He then visited Dr Meehan , whom he also shot dead in cold blood .
Kast was to make one other stop before his murderous rampage came to a close .
He walked into the practice of John Lahz , wearing a light blue safari suit with a striped tie .
He menaced the waiting patients before politely asking a woman whether she would mind his satchel for a couple of minutes .
But when Kast strode into Dr Lahz 's office and levelled his gun at him , something unexpected happened .
Two nurses stepped in front of the doctor to protect him .
Kast hesitated long enough to provide the doctor time to run away to safety .
" The remaining bombs in his satchel , he produced them , he ended up going in to Dr Lahz 's room , he went down on the desk and he laid down the remaining bombs that he had in his possession and they exploded , " Mr Sim said .
" They tore Karl Kast into pieces but he was still alive , so he took out the revolver and shot himself . "
The explosions could be heard across town in Woolloongabba - the sight of destruction everywhere and onlookers were in hysterics .
Mr Sim said people sometimes thought Australia was immune to terrorism - style attacks , but forgot about incidents like Karl Kast 's rampage .
" I think he had intention to commit a great act of terror on Wickham Terrace that day . "
Anticipation is everything .
If someone tells you to close your eyes and open your mouth while they feed you a slice of the most delicious chocolate gateau you 'll ever encounter , only to spoon a pawful of dead mashed mouldering cat on to your tongue , chances are you 'll vomit .
You 'd vomit anyway , of course , but the contrast between what you were expecting and what you actually got would make you spew hard enough to bring up your own kidneys .
This also works in reverse .
Over the past few weeks , several people have emailed imploring me to watch Take Me Out ( Sat , 8 pm , ITV1 ) , ITV 's new Saturday night dating show .
They described it using the sort of damning language usually reserved for war crime tribunals at the Hague .
I rubbed my hands together , like a sadist approaching a car crash , settled in to my sofa and watched an episode .
And you know what ?
It 's not bad .
Okay , it is bad , obviously , but only if you compare it to something worthy or suave or less shrieky .
On its own terms , as a raucous chunk of meaningless idiocy , it succeeds .
If you 're not familiar with the format ( maybe you had harpsichord practice last Saturday ) , it 's a studio - based cross between Blind Date and Boots ' mortifying Here Come The Girls campaign .
I 'm willing to bet Here Come The Girls was a working title .
It 's hosted by Paddy McGuinness , who arrives on the studio floor by descending down a huge glittery pipe , like a showbiz turd being flushed into the nation 's lap .
He introduces 30 women – yes , 30 – who march in jiggling their tits and blowing kisses at the camera , cackling and screaming and winking like a hen night filling the front row at a Wham ! reunion .
It 's a crash course in misogyny .
The girls line up behind a row of illuminated podiums , and the first of the men arrives , sliding down the same pipe Paddy used earlier ( if you 'll pardon the expression ) .
Said bloke must impress the women by speaking , dancing , performing party tricks , and so on , like a jester desperately trying to stave off his own execution at the hands of a capricious female emperor .
If he does a back - flip and six of the girls did n't like the way his buttocks shook as he landed , they switch their podium lights off , thereby whittling down his selection of available mates , and by extension , the gene pool .
There 's an elephant in the room .
Not literally , as a format point , but in the moment where each man first slithers down the tube and some of the girls immediately turn their lights off based on appearances alone .
Paddy skitters around asking what 's turned them off , and they dole out diplomatic answers about disliking the way he walked , or his shoes , rather than saying he 's too ugly or fat or that his skin 's the wrong colour for their tastes .
At a push , they 'll gently mock someone 's height , but that 's about it .
There 's little crushing honesty here .
If they were hooked up to brainwave - reading machines , the outcome might be a little more brutal and a lot more disturbing .
But probably not very " Saturday night " .
Anyway , if our isolated male makes it through to the end with some girls still lit up , he picks one to take away with him .
If the show was as hideous as I 'd been led to believe , it 'd culminate in a round where the newly paired - off couple rut like dogs in a Perspex dome while McGuinness films it on his mobile .
Instead they somewhat meekly go for a drink , the results of which we get to see the following week .
That 's it .
The clever bit – in format terms at any rate – is that the girls return each week , so we get to know their " characters " .
And they 're all " characters " .
There are mouthy ones , stupid ones , sweet ones , gothic ones , young ones , old ones , and identical twin ones .
All human life is here , apart from anyone you 'd actually want to spend the rest of your days with .
Or more than about an hour on a Saturday night , come to that .
In summary : yes , it 's horrible .
But that 's its job .
WASHINGTON ( The Borowitz Report ) - Sen .
Joe Lieberman of Connecticut today shrugged off suggestions that he is becoming one of the most despised men in the U.S. Senate , telling reporters , " I will continue to fight for the people I represent : America 's assholes . "
While Sen. Lieberman 's decision to align himself with the nation 's assholes could be a high - risk strategy , politically speaking , a new poll of likely Connecticut voters indicates that they are a key constituency for the Senator .
According to the survey , over 62 percent of Sen. Lieberman 's supporters describe themselves as an " asshole , douchebag , or dickwad . "
Additionally , a majority of those surveyed agreed with the statement , " I want an asshole to represent me in the Senate , and there is no bigger asshole out there than Joe Lieberman . "
More here .
_______
About author Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , BorowitzReport.com .
He is performing at the 92nd St. Y on April 30 at 8 PM with special guests Judy Gold , Hendrik Hertzberg , and Jonathan Alter .
For tickets , go to 92y.org
Ticket camera corporations like to put out press releases and pay for biased surveys that show that ticket cameras are well - liked by the general public .
The reality is that this is far from the truth .
This is borne out by the fact that no ticket camera program has ever survived a public vote .
Thankfully , speed cameras are fairly rare in the United States right now ( and will hopefully continue to be ) but in Europe — and particularly in the United Kingdom — they are being used extensively .
So , how has the public reacted in these countries ?
Take a look at this list below , which was compiled from the 2009 archives of TheNewspaper.com .
Let ’s just say they have n’t exactly received a warm welcome :
UK : Somerset Speed Camera Scorched ( 12/13/09 )
Vigilantes destroy Somerset , UK speed camera with gasoline - soaked tire .
UK , The Netherlands : Speed Cameras Destroyed , Gift - Wrapped ( 12/6/09 )
UK speed camera burns while Dutch cameras are gift wrapped on St. Nicholas Eve .
France , Germany , Italy : Speed Cameras Burned , Blinded , Bombed ( 11/29/09 )
Three cameras in Germany , two in France and one in Italy were destroyed or damaged this week .
Dorset , UK Speed Camera Destroyed by Fire ( 11/15/09 )
Vigilantes in Dorset , England take out a speed camera with a burning tire .
UK : Surrey Speed Camera Burned ( 10/25/09 )
Vigilantes set fire to a speed camera in Surrey , England .
Speed Cameras Attacked in Finland , Poland and Wales ( 10/11/09 )
Explosives destroy speed camera in Northern Finland , Welsh authorities report 102 camera attacks and Polish speed camera burned .
Louisiana and UK Speed Cameras Burned ( 10/4/09 )
Fixed and mobile speed cameras damaged by fire in Bradford , UK and Westwego , Louisiana .
Speed Cameras Attacked in Italy , Germany , Kuwait , Poland ( 9/27/09 )
Speed cameras smashed , traffic cameras shot , a speed trap hiding spot is destroyed in Italy , Germany , Kuwait and Poland .
Automated Enforcement Assaulted in Australia , France , Maryland , UK ( 9/13/09 )
Speed cameras are spraypainted , toppled , shot and firebombed on three continents .
Speed Cameras Attacked in France , Ireland , Poland , The Netherlands and UK ( 8/30/09 )
Speed cameras in France , Ireland , Poland , The Netherlands and UK are booed , blocked , burned , bombed , bent and boosted over the past week .
Camera Attacks in Tennessee , Australia , Italy , Latvia , Spain , UK ( 8/16/2009 )
Speed cameras are shot , rammed , burned and smashed in Tennessee and throughout Europe this week .
Speed Cameras Taken
Out in The Netherlands , Poland and the UK ( 8/9/2009 )
Vigilantes act to stop camera ticketing in The Netherlands , Poland and the UK .
Louisiana , Poland , South Africa and UK Express Anger Toward Speed Cameras ( 8/2/09 )
People in Zachary , Louisiana ; Poland ; South Africa and Swindon , England choose different methods to strike at photo enforcement .
UK , California and New York Destroy Traffic Cameras ( 7/26/09 )
Traffic cameras smashed in Fremont , California ; grabbed in New York City , New York ; burned in West Yorkshire , UK .
Speed Cameras Disabled in Arizona , France ( 7/5/09 )
Arizona freeway camera vans receive Post - It Note treatment while French cameras are burned and painted black .
Speed Cameras in UK , Germany , The Netherlands Swiped , Smashed , Scorched ( 6/7/09 )
Vigilantes use a variety of methods to eliminate Scottish , British , German and Dutch speed cameras .
Australian Cops Block Speed Cameras , French , UK Vigilantes Destroy Them ( 5/31/09 )
West Australian police block speed cameras while vigilantes smash French and burn UK cameras .
Speed Cameras Attacked in Germany , Italy , Poland , UK ( 5/24/09 )
Vigilantes disable and destroy speed cameras located in Germany , Italy , Poland and Wales .
Tennessee Protests Speed Cameras , UK Burns and Poland Grabs Them ( 5/10/09 )
Students protest speed cameras in Tennessee , while cameras burn in Lancashire , UK and are grabbed in Poland .
Cameras Burn in England and Germany ( 4/26/09 )
Vigilantes incinerate a Lincolnshire , UK speed camera and damage another in Stade , Germany .
Vigilantes Target French , UK Speed Cameras ( 4/6/09 )
Vigilantes burn speed cameras in France , UK .
Anti-war rioters take time to eliminate a speed camera during NATO summit .
Vigilantes Destroy Speed Cameras in France , Italy , UK ( 3/8/09 )
Two French speed cameras disabled , two Italian camera smashed and one UK camera is knocked over .
Vigilantes Attack Cameras in UK , Italy ( 3/1/09 )
Spray paint disables a French speed camera while a burning tire destroys a UK camera .
UK , Italy Vigilantes Attack Speed Cameras ( 2/22/09 )
Two speed cameras in the Isle of Wight , UK covered in paint while a speed camera in Lombardy , Italy is destroyed .
Belgian , British , Polish Speed Cameras Swiped ( 2/8/09 )
Vigilantes grab speed cameras in Belgium , England and Poland .
UK and French Vigilantes Continue Attacks on Speed Cameras ( 1/25/09 )
French speed camera attacked six times in a year while UK speed camera disappears .
1. Anthrax
2. DeadJournal A goth kid essential .
3. AIM Subprofiles
The best part of the subprofile was seeing who secretly had your screen name .
4. Kazaa I still do n't know the proper way to say it .
5. Jason Biggs
He may have played the same character in every movie , but he still had such a promising career ! ( lol )
6. Ja Rule J.Lo and Ja Rule were a match made in early 00s heaven .
7. Bandanas I could n't find a picture of Justin Timberlake with his puffy blonde fro , so LFO will do .
8. Darrin's Dance Grooves
9. Jeans With Flames / Anything With Flames
I 'm thinking of JNCO in particular .
10 . TRL Britney vs. Christina . BSB vs. NSYNC .
Korn vs. Limp Bizkit .
GLORY DAYS .
11 . Trucker Hats Von Dutch .
12 . Frosted Tips
No words .
13 . Hanging A Flag Outside Your House A post -9/11 MUST .
14 . Boybands
15 . Old Navy Performance Fleece
This commercial may be from 1998 , but the craze lasted through the 00s .
16 . Fred Durst
The original douche .
17 . Pepsi Twist
18 . Rubber Bracelets FOR EVERYTHING .
19 . Advertising CDs On TV WOW Worship was a personal fav .
20 . Volkswagen Beetles
21 . Nelly
The band aid never really caught on .
22 . Dogpile , Alta Vista , Etc .
23 . " Bling bling "
24 . " The Weakest Link " Lady So scary .
25 . Chat Rooms
26 . The Dell Guy
27 . Ties Skater chic .
28 . " Metrosexual " A buzzword that you do n't really hear anymore .
29 . Being Closeted Lance Bass , NPH , etc .
It was a thing .
30 . Lindsay Lohan's Acting Career
31 . Trading Spaces
Loved this show , until it got old .
32 . The Osbournes
33 . SARS
This is more mid-2000s , but a " this list " MUST .
34 . Tom Green
35 . Showing Your Roots Blonde hair and black roots = 00s staple .
36 . State Shirts
My other favorite was " Getting Lucky In Kentucky . "
Thank Urban Outfitters .
37 . Shell Necklaces
And hemp .
38 . Nick Lachey
39 . CD Walkmen
TÉLÉCOMMUNICATIONS .
France Télecom se sépare de sa directrice de la communication , Caroline Mille - Langlois
Caroline Mille - Langlois , directrice exécutive en charge de la communication et de la marque de France Télécom depuis le juillet 2006 , « cessera ses fonctions à compter du 31 janvier 2010 » annonce un bref communiqué du groupe , qui la « remercie pour son action » alors que les rumeurs sur un départ anticipé du PDG de France Télécom , Didier Lombard , qui doit officiellement quitter l'opérateur au printemps 2011 , se sont multipliées ces derniers jours .
Béatrice Mandine , directrice du service de presse du groupe , assurera l'intérim à partir du 1er février .
I am on the old side of the generation that grew up with video games as a ubiquitous presence in their life .
I clearly recall the world 's worst Atari port of one of the greatest game of all time — Pac Man — and I even remember playing what is widely considered to be the worst game of all time , the Atari 2600's E.T. ( I still clearly recall how hard it was ) .
Today , video games focus less on forcing you to pump more and more quarters into an arcade machine punishing difficulty and more on telling a story and making the experience a bit gentler on the novice gamer .
Prior cognitive , psychological , and neurological studies have shown that expert video game players are capable of outperforming novices in measures of attention and perception .
They also have demonstrated that , when novices train on video games for 20 - plus hours , they experienced no measurable increase in cognitive ability .
These two pieces of information would seem to point to an innate difference between expert and novices gamers , instead of suggesting that gaming is a skill that can be learned .
New neurological research , published in — and made freely available by — the journal Cerebral Cortex has found a correlation between the size of a trio of structures in the human brain and their owner 's ability to learn and play video games .
Animal studies had focused the authors ' attention on three distinct structures deep within the brain : the caudate nucleus and the putamen in the dorsal striatum , and the nucleus accumbens in the ventral striatum .
It was known that the striatum was used in habit forming and skill acquisition , so a role in video games skills makes sense .
The researchers recruited 39 healthy adults ( 10 men , 29 women ) who had played fewer than three hours of video games each week during the previous two years .
They then examined their brains with the aid of an MRI machine .
The volume of each of the structures of interest was compared to the total volume of their brain .
Each participant then trained with the video game " Space Fortress " — a game developed at the University of Illinois that can be used to measure performance on various cognitive tasks .
Half of the participants were tasked with simply getting the highest score possible , while the other half was given a series of tasks that forced them to improve their skills in different areas .
The researchers found that those with a larger nucleus accumbens learned faster and excelled at the early stages of the game regardless of which group they were in .
Participants with larger caudate nucleus and putamen did best on the variable priority training exercises , where they had to focus on different aspects at various times throughout the training .
Both of these results make sense , according to the study 's lead author Kirk Erickson .
The nucleus accumbens is linked to the brain 's reward center and would aid a participant 's motivation following early successes .
According to Erikson , " The putamen and the caudate have been implicated in learning procedures , learning new skills , and those nuclei predicted learning throughout the 20 - hour period .
[ The players with the largest of these structures ] learned more quickly and learned more over the training period . "
He also suggested that games tell us about learning in general : " This study tells us a lot about how the brain works when it is trying to learn a complex task . "
The next time a Contra or old - school Mega Man variant puts you and your video game skills to the test , take solace in the thought that it may be biology ( rather than lack of skill ) that is holding you back .
And , if that fails , there 's always Crash Bandicoot or Ratchet and Clank waiting for you .
Cerebral Cortex , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1093/cercor/bhp293
Boston
In the 18th century , the genre of “ earthquake sermon ” was good business .
Two small shocks in London , in 1750 , sent the preachers to their pulpits and pamphlets .
The bishop of London blamed Londoners ’ lewd behavior ; the bishop of Oxford argued that God had woven into his grand design certain incidents to alarm us and shake us out of our sin .
In Bloomsbury , the Rev. Dr. William Stukeley preached that earthquakes are favored by God as the ultimate sign of his wrathful intervention .
Five years later , when Lisbon was all but demolished by an enormous earthquake , the unholy refrain was heard again  one preacher even argued that the people of Lisbon had been relatively fortunate , for God had spared more people than he had killed .
It was the Lisbon earthquake that prompted Voltaire to attack Leibniz ’s metaphysical optimism , in which all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds .
Theodicy , which is the justification of God ’s good government of the world in the face of evil and pain , was suddenly harder to practice .
But the preachers kept at it .
“ There is no divine visitation which is likely to have so general an influence upon sinners as an earthquake , ” wrote the founder of Methodism , John Wesley , in 1777 .
Have we made much of an advance on this appalling discourse ?
Our own earthquake - sermonizer , the evangelist Pat Robertson , delivered an instantly notorious defense of the calamity in Haiti .
This was classic theodicy .
First , good comes out of such suffering .
This event , said Mr. Robertson , is “ a blessing in disguise , ” because it might generate a huge rebuilding program .
Second , the Haitians deserve the suffering .
According to Mr. Robertson , when the Haitians were throwing off the tyranny of the French , they “ swore a pact to the devil .
They said ‘ we will serve you if you will get us free from the French ’ ... so the Devil said ‘ O.K. , it ’s a deal . ’ and they kicked the French out .
The Haitians revolted and got themselves free but ever since they have been cursed by one thing after the other . ”
The Dominican Republic , he said , had done quite well , and had lots of tourist resorts , and that kind of thing .
But not Haiti .
This repellent cruelty manages the extraordinary trick of combining hellfire evangelism with neo-colonialist complacency , in which the Haitians are blamed not only for their sinfulness but also for the hubris of their political rebellion .
Eighteenth - century preachers at least tended to include themselves in the charge of general sinfulness and God ’s inevitable reckoning ; Mr. Robertson sounds rather pleased with his own outwitting of such reckoning , as if the convenient blessing of being a God- fearing American has saved him from such pestilence .
He is presumably on the other side of the sin-line , safe in some Dominican resort .
Consumerist is investigating readers ' complaints regarding the inability to purchase an iPhone through AT&T 's website when using an NY zip code .
According to a CS rep : " New York is n't ready for the iPhone . "
UPDATE : Online fraud is the more likely cause .
Advertisement
The conversation Consumerist 's Laura Northrup had with an AT&T customer service representative after confirming that iPhones could not be purchased online when using any New York zip code almost plays out like an SNL skit :
Daphne : Welcome to AT&T online Sales support .
How may I assist you with placing your order today ?
Laura :
Hi , I was looking at the iPhone 3Gs and the system tells me that I cannot order one in my ZIP code .
My zip code is 11231 .
( Brooklyn , NY )
Is this true ?
Are iPhones no longer available in New York City ?
Daphne : I am happy to be helping you today .
Yes , this is correct the phone is not offered to you because New York is not ready for the iPhone .
Daphne :
You do n't have enough towers to handle the phone .
Laura :
Thank you for your help .
So the phone is not available to people anywhere in the city ?
Daphne :
Yes this is correct Laura .
Yikes .
Turns out Laura then went to try and buy an iPhone online and was shut down using any NY zip code she tried .
Advertisement
Then we tried it and were similarly shot down but not with the same message Laura got from a customer service rep .
We know that AT&T's aware that it sucks in NY , but is the solution to a localized network strain from heavy data usage to stop online sales of a particular phone ?
Does n't exactly seem like the most sensible of ideas , especially since there are plenty of iPhones in AT&T 's brick - and - mortar New York stores .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Something else that 's peculiar about this " sales ban " is that folks in San Francisco , another spot where data puts a huge strain on AT&T 's network , are still able to purchase the iPhone online :
A possible explanation to things comes in the form of whispers regarding some kind of New York - based online sales fraud , but somehow the answer to the old " " Is it the network ? " still seems to be a loud , angry " Yes ! "
After all , how can a bit of online sales fraud prompt refusing to sell one particular phone model to an entire market ?
Then again , if it really is the network , why are they still selling iPhones in stores ?
Advertisement
Whatever the real story here , I 'm definitely curious to hear if AT&T makes an official statement on this odd issue .
Hell , I 'd be happy with just another Luke Wilson pep talk .
Instead , we 're waiting for a AT&T media rep to write us back and further clarify the situation .
[ Consumerist ]
Advertisement
Exclusive : Luke Wilson 's Internal Motivational Speech to AT&T Troops
This internal motivational speech by Luke Wilson to the AT&T ground troops actually says little …
Read more
Update : According to the folks at TechTrackr , AT&T told them that the reason for the mysterious lack of iPhones for New Yorkers is because AT&T " periodically modif[ies ] [ their ] promotions and distribution channels . "
AT&T refused to go beyond that statement , so this is still a bit of a head scratcher .
Reprinted from Online Journal
National Security Agency ( NSA ) sources have reported to WMR that the signals intelligence agency 's warrantless wiretapping program was more widespread than originally reported and that it began shortly after the 2001 inauguration of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney , some six months prior to the 9/11 attacks .
Former Qwest CEO
Joseph Nacchio reported that NSA requested that his firm take part in the warrantless wiretapping program in a February 27 , 2001 , meeting but that he told NSA that Qwest would refuse to participate .
AT&T , BellSouth , SBC , Sprint , and Verizon all agreed to participate in the wiretapping program , which resulted in such a large database of intercepted calls , faxes , and e-mails , that NSA recently announced it was building a huge 1 million square feet data warehouse at a cost of $ 1.5 billion at Camp Williamsin Utah , as well as another massive data warehouse in San Antonio .
The cover story is that the warehouses are part of NSA 's new Cyber Command responsibilities .
NSA sources have told WMR that the warehouses are to store the massive amount of intercepts collected by the ongoing Terrorist Surveillance Program , an above top secret program once code named STELLAR WIND by the NSA .
Nacchio was later convicted on 19 counts of insider trading of Qwest stock and sentenced to six years in federal prison .
Nacchio maintained that his prosecution and conviction was in retaliation for his refusal to participate in the illegal NSA surveillance program .
NSA also canceled a major contract with Qwest over its refusal to wiretap calls without warrants .
President Obama ordered his Justice Department 's attorneys to press U.S. Judge Vaughn Walker to toss out a lawsuit brought against the Bush administration 's warrantless wiretap program , details of which were revealed by AT&T engineer Mark Klein .
Our NSA sources revealed that Obama has asked the lawsuit to be dismissed because the warrantless wiretapping program is as robust in collecting massive amounts of intercepted communications without a warrant under Obama as it did during the Bush - Cheney administration .
Obama also backs immunity from lawsuits for telecommunications companies participating in the illegal surveillance operations .
The Justice Department is using the draconian State Secrets Privilege to battle against lawsuits against the telecommunication carriers .
NSA collects domestic communications by installing specialized eavesdropping equipment , including traffic analyzers , at over 25 telecommunications facilities around the United States , including where Klein worked at AT&T 's central office in the SBC Building at 611 Folsom Street in San Francisco and at major switching facilities in Bridgeton , Missouri ; San Jose ; San Diego ; Seattle ; Los Angeles ( 1150 South Olive Street , as well as the Beverly Hills central office that targets the area's rich and famous celebrities ) ; Chicago ( 227 West Monroe Street ) ; New York ( Lower Manhattan at 33 Thomas Street , 375 Pearl Street , and 811 10th Avenue ) ; Northern Virginia / Washington , DC ; Miami ; Atlanta ( Midtown Center ) ; Houston ; Minneapolis ; Detroit ( 1365 Cass Avenue ) ; Jacksonville , Florida ; Philadelphia ; Kansas City ; Dallas ( One AT&T Plaza ) ; Memphis ; Pittsburgh ; Bedminster , New Jersey ; Boston ; Nashville ( 333 Commerce Street ) ; Baltimore ; Cleveland ( Huron Road Building ) ; and Denver .
One of the first targets of the NSA warrantless wiretapping program in February 2001 , a few weeks after Bush 's inauguration , was Iraqi - Americans and other Arab - Americans , as well as resident aliens from Arab countries in the United States .
The warrantless wiretapping of the Arab - American community coincided with " surge operations " directed by NSA against the communications of Saddam Hussein and his top government officials in Iraq and other countries .
The NSA warrantless wiretapping program soon grew to include millions of Americans , including elected and appointed government officials , federal judges , anti-Bush celebrities and clergy , and even intelligence and law enforcement officials .
WMR previously reported that a joint NSA - CIA database code - named FIRST FRUITS maintained a database on the intercepted phone calls of U.S. journalists .
Humpty Dumpty given a happy ending by ' politically correct ' BBC
Big fall :
The words for Humpty Dumpty were changed on CBeebies programme Something Special
The BBC was yesterday accused of ' outrageous ' political correctness after changing the words to a nursery rhyme on a children 's show .
CBeebies programme Something Special altered the words to Humpty Dumpty and gave it a more cheerful ending .
Instead of being unable to ' put Humpty together again ' , the new version claimed all the King 's horses and all the King 's men ' made Humpty happy again ' .
' I very much doubt that any child has in the slightest bit been traumatised by Humpty Dumpty or any other age - old nursery rhyme , ' said John Midgley of the Campaign Against Political Correctness .
' This is an unnecessary and outrageous piece of political correctness directed at young children . '
The amended version of Humpty Dumpty was broadcast on Friday .
The Something Special show , presented by Justin Fletcher , is aimed at children with learning difficulties but is popular with all children under the age of five .
The BBC insisted the nursery rhyme was not modified due to its target audience and said it had only been changed for ' creative ' purposes .
But Tom Harris , the Labour MP for Glasgow South , called the alteration ' ridiculous ' .
' Kids should be exposed to real life a bit , not cosseted away , ' he said .
The former transport minister who watched the episode of Something Special with his sons aged five and three , claimed CBeebies was developing a worrying trend of giving its young viewers a sanitised version of the world .
In a recent episode of Big Cook Little Cook - a cookery show on the BBC 's children 's channel - the tale of Little Miss Muffet ended with the girl befriending the spider , rather than running away in fright .
' I do not think it 's the biggest problem but I do have a problem with sanitising nursery rhymes and cartoons for children , ' Mr Harris said .
' I think it 's becoming a bit too much of a trend with the BBC .
We need to stop this moronic activity . '
He added : ' I 'm a big supporter of what political correctness was originally - about getting rid of racist or sexist images .
' Thirty and 40 - year - olds need to stop telling three - year - olds what to think .
Let them see gory and violent cartoons and let them be children . '
Some theories claim Humpty Dumpty is actually about a large cannon used by the Royalists during the English Civil War .
A shot from a Parliamentary cannon caused it to fall to the ground and the Royalists failed to raise the cannon as it was so heavy .
Last night a BBC spokesman said : ' We play nursery rhymes with their original lyrics all the time and the small change to Humpty Dumpty was done for no other reason than being creative and entertaining .'
But Mr Midgley , who explored the origins of Humpty Dumpty in his book The Politically Correct Scrapbook , disagreed .
' Those who made this decision should replace political correctness with common sense , ' he said .
I ’m thinking of starting a new cult …
The premise : Jesus was one of the few underground hippy liberal scientists in the future .
He did n’t liked how the world turned out and he blamed the Testament ( which we now call “ Old ” ) for making the world a fascist society , where slavery was the norm .
So he secretly invented a time machine to travel back in time to give our ancestors an alternative view on God .
Hoping that people will learn to treat each other equally and think like hippies .
The goal :
To bring intelligent people together to make sure that the technology to create a time machine will exist so that somebody in the future can go back in time and stop our government to make hemp illegal .
Target demographics : hippies who think they are smart and buys overpriced weed .
The hook : sacred rituals that requires the use of cannabis .
Business model : selling overpriced weed to believers .
It ’s the new scientology , baby !!!
Who wants to be my first bishop ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Jesse Stern does n't look like I expect .
I expected the writer of Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare , Modern Warfare 2 and the ultra - popular television show NCIS to be some kind of special forces veteran - shaven - headed with scars from close - call bullet wounds .
Not quite .
Stern is sporting wavy hair , a deep tan , a T - shirt , board shorts and flip flops .
He looks like the kind of laid - back guy I 'd expect to see on a beach back in Australia .
My goal for our meeting was simple : I wanted to find out how you can take a bunch of guns and explosions and make people care about them .
Call of Duty 4 shocked the gaming world by injecting a blockbuster story and believable characters into a first - person shooter .
When Stern and I spoke , Modern Warfare 2 was still on the way - but the sequel turned out to be plenty shocking in its own right .
Stern 's role in the original Modern Warfare began long after the developers had started crafting levels and character models .
" In Call of Duty 4 they had a scenario already , " Stern says .
" They had the levels built and everything laid out .
Then they hit a wall in terms of how to tell the story , and that was when they started talking to writers .
" I came in and pitched , ' Here 's what I would do .
I like this ; I 'd do more of that .
I do n't think this is working all that well - instead I 'd put one of these in here . '
A few months later , Infinity Ward called up again and said , ' We 're ready for you . '
From that point on , I was the story specialist . "
Each level of Modern Warfare was like an episode of a TV show , Stern tells me , and each game like a season .
" There are a million ways of telling a story , " Stern says .
" With NCIS , I love to mess with our format by using flashbacks and scrambling the narrative .
Doing a television show , you do n't just look at each episode - you look at each episode as it's going to have bits of the whole season .
" We do n't do many serialized storylines .
The elements of our story that are serialized are our characters .
You do n't need to see every episode to know what 's going on , but if you do , you 're going to get a lot more out of it .
You 'll enjoy it more .
That 's how you build a good season : by sprinkling those serialized elements throughout . "
According to Stern , writing a videogame is similar .
Each level is just a piece of the puzzle , and making it click is as easy as shuffling cards .
" This is a level where you do such and such - how does that relate to the next level ? " he says .
" To me they 're like note cards .
To everyone else they 're months and months of hard labor - but to me they 're note cards , and you can just move them around and say , ' What if we put this level here ?
Okay , you 'll have to get a thing . '
That will just be a ' thing ' for months , and then finally it turns into ' something . '
How about it 's a guy ?
How about it's a clipboard , or a bomb ?
You build it up , and it 's funny how it develops and turns into a story . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US has condemned a Taliban video of an American soldier captured by the militants in Afghanistan last June as an affront to his family at Christmas .
The man in the film , identifying himself as Private Bowe Robert Bergdahl , criticises the US over the Afghan war and relations with Muslims .
A Taliban spokesman then calls for the release of captured insurgents in exchange for the 23 - year - old .
His parents , Bob and Jani Bergdahl , responded by appealing for his release .
The Western military alliance Nato confirmed that the man in the video - seen wearing sunglasses , a military helmet and uniform - was Pte Bergdahl .
It said he had clearly been forced to read a prepared statement .
It is not clear when the video , released on Friday , was recorded .
We love you and we believe in you , stay strong
Bergdahl family statement
Who are the Taliban ?
The airborne infantryman , originally from the US state of Idaho , spoke clearly and appeared healthy .
He was captured in Paktika province , a Taliban stronghold in eastern Afghanistan , on 30 June .
US Navy Rear Adm Gregory Smith said in a statement : " It reflects nothing more than the violent , deceitful tactics of the Taliban insurgency .
" To release this video on Christmas Day is an affront to the deeply concerned family and friends of Bowe Bergdahl . "
The Bergdahl family later issued a statement through the Idaho National Guard , urging the captors " to let our only son come home " .
And to Pte Bergdahl , the family said : " We love you and we believe in you .
Stay strong . "
' Next Vietnam '
In the video , Pte Bergdahl gives his rank , date and place of birth , and deployment details .
" This is just going to be the next Vietnam unless the American people stand up and stop all this nonsense , " he says .
He adds : " You are not fighting a small group of terrorist guerrilla fighters .
" You are fighting an organised guerrilla army that has perfected guerrilla warfare better than any country has ever perfected it in history . "
A statement read by a Taliban spokesman , Zabihullah Mujahid , appears at the end of the video and renews demands for a " limited number of prisoners " to be exchanged for Pte Bergdahl .
The insurgents also released a video of the American a few weeks after he was captured .
The Pentagon has said Pte Bergdahl was serving with an Alaska - based infantry regiment in Paktika province .
He vanished from his base , near the border with Pakistan , just five months after arriving in Afghanistan .
The military has been trying to locate him ever since , and a reward has been offered for his safe return .
He is believed to be the first soldier seized in either Iraq or Afghanistan for at least two years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
president Kaz Hirai has said the company will be expanding theacross most of the Sony product range , not just the PS3 and PSP gaming consoles .
The new PSN will be unified across HDTVs , Blu-ray players , PCs and laptops .
To access the service , eventually users will have aBeginning next month , when the PSN video service arrives on Windows PCs , Bravia TVs , and Sony Blu-ray players , the company will launch a new studio , which will be in charge of content produced for distribution via PSN .
The Wall Street Journal story on Thursday morning that revealed insurgents in Iraq had been intercepting video transmissions from US Predator drones had a very catchy headline : " Insurgents Hack US Drones : $ 26 software is used to breach key weapons in Iraq ; Iranian backing suspected . "
Those words " hack , " " breach " and " Iranian " were enough to set off frightening flights of fancy : Iraqi fighters had found a way to commandeer the $ 4 million Predators and their Hellfire missiles .
If they 'd managed to wrest control away from their US pilots ( who are often sitting in air - conditioned offices in Arizona while gathering intelligence over Mosul or planning strikes on insurgent leaders in Baquba ) , could turning them on our own forces be far behind ?
But the full story revealed that there really was n't any hacking going on , and certainly no prospect of seizing control of the drones .
Instead , what was happening was the passive downloading of US video transmissions , which were later discovered on captured insurgents laptops .
Since the video streams that the Predators send back to bases across the world are n't encrypted , no security effort was being " breached . "
And while a number of Shiite insurgent groups in Iraq like the Mahdi Army have received explosives and financial support from the Iranians over the years , no evidence has even been presented that they 've received advanced weaponry .
Insurgents used $ 26 software meant for downloading soccer matches
Advanced Iranian support would certainly not have been needed to target and download what amount to free - to - air transmissions by US Predators , since all it acquired was the $ 26 Russian software package SkyGrabber , a computer , and a satellite dish .
SkyGrabber , along with most types of commercial software , is freely available in Baghdad , where it 's popular for its designed purpose : illegally downloading European soccer matches and movie channels without paying hefty satellite subscription fees .
The software is also available for download , including a free version , from the company 's website .
The existence of this and other software packages have long infuriated movie and satellite - television agencies , which argue that since they enable viewing of copyrighted broadcasts for free , their use should also be illegal .
To its credit , the Journal did point out that what enabled insurgent access to the videos was a security flaw that the US has known about since the moment the Predator 's went into service over the Balkans 15 years ago .
" The potential drone vulnerability lies in an unencrypted downlink between the unmanned craft and ground control , " the Journal wrote in the 14th paragraph of the story .
" The US government has known about the flaw since the US campaign in Bosnia in the 1990s , current and former officials said .
But the Pentagon assumed local adversaries would n't know how to exploit it , the officials said . "
That final sentence is a bit worrying , and reflects a common pitfall within the US and many other " sophisticated " armed forces :
Officers and war - planners often make the mistake of assuming their enemies are dumb , and not particularly adaptable .
Iraqi insurgents have proved they adapt quickly
If the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have taught anything , it 's that insurgents are mighty good at adapting .
Those who are n't good at adapting are killed and captured quickly .
The smarter ones survive longer and get tactically smarter and more nimble as they go .
That 's why the crude improvised explosive devices ( IEDS ) that bedeviled US troops at the start of the Iraq war evolved into the explosively formed penetrators that could throw slugs of metal through the armored Humvees that were rushed to Iraq to deal with the earlier problem .
It 's why insurgents switched from using remote - controlled radio detonators ( garage - door openers were popular ) to detonate these bombs in the early days after the US started deploying jamming equipment .
Instead , they started burying detonation wires .
And it's why , with few exceptions ( the battle for Fallujah , for example ) , insurgents never massed to fight US forces head on – something that allowed superior US training and aerial supremacy to wipe them out in large numbers
TV stations take more precautions
What 's particularly odd about this is that the US military is generally obsessive about keeping its secrets .
" Operational security , " or " op- sec " is often given as a reason why Marines calling home from Iraq are n't allowed to say what Iraqi province they 're in , or when they might be coming home .
On more than one occasion I walked into briefing rooms on US bases that sent soldiers on duty scrambling to turn white - boards with mission planning information or local intelligence on them towards the wall .
But as Nate Anderson , writing on the Arstechnica website , points out , fewer measures were taken to thwart interception of the sensitive intelligence provided by drones – which the US military has increasingly come to rely on – than commercial television stations and DVD manufacturers take .
" Operating system vendors have built entire " protected path " setups to guard audio and video all the way through the device chain .
TVs and monitors now routinely use HDCP copy protection to secure their links over HDMI cable , '' he writes .
" But US drones , which spy on militants and rain down death from a distance , have none .
The mind boggles . "
Learn Korean : LP's Korean Language Learning
Learn Korean Easily Online For Free .
" Come to me , all you who are weary learning Korean and I will give you rest . "
Jesus
OK 1
or
( ō- kā′ )
adj .
1 . a. Satisfactory or agreeable ; acceptable : Was everything OK with your stay ?
b. Correct : That answer is OK .
c. Barely satisfactory ; mediocre : made an OK presentation .
2 . a .
In proper or satisfactory operational or working order : Is the battery OK ? b. Uninjured or not seriously injured :
The skier fell but was OK .
c. Fairly healthy :
Thanks to the medicine , the patient is OK now .
n. pl. OK's or o·kays Approval ; agreement :
Get your supervisor 's OK before taking a day off .
or
adv .
Fine ; well enough ; adequately : a television that works OK despite its age .
interj .
Used to express approval or agreement .
tr.v. OK'ed or OK'd , OK '·ing , OK's or o·kayed or o·kay·ing or o·kays
To approve of or agree to ; authorize .
orororor
[ Abbreviation of oll korrect , slang respelling of all correct . ]
Word History : OK is a quintessentially American term that has spread from English to many other languages .
Its origin was the subject of scholarly debate for many years until Allen Walker Read showed that OK is based on a joke of sorts .
OK is first recorded in 1839 but was probably in circulation before that date .
During the 1830s there was a humoristic fashion in Boston newspapers to reduce a phrase to initials and supply an explanation in parentheses .
Sometimes the abbreviations were misspelled to add to the humor .
OK was used in March 1839 as an abbreviation for all correct , the joke being that neither the O nor the K was correct .
Originally spelled with periods , this term outlived most similar abbreviations owing to its use in President Martin Van Buren 's 1840 campaign for reelection .
Because he was born in Kinderhook , New York , Van Buren was nicknamed Old Kinderhook , and the abbreviation proved eminently suitable for political slogans .
That same year , an editorial referring to the receipt of a pin with the slogan O.K. had this comment : " frightful letters ... significant of the birth - place of Martin Van Buren , old Kinderhook , as also the rallying word of the Democracy of the late election , ' all correct ' ....
Those who wear them should bear in mind that it will require their most strenuous exertions ... to make all things O.K. "
OK 2
abbr .
Oklahoma
American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language , Fifth Edition .
Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company .
Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company .
All rights reserved .
WPXI
January 22 , 2010
[ efoods ]
Pittsburgh police Chief Nate Harper said three plainclothes officers have been reassigned during an internal investigation into the beating of an 18 - year - old student violinist from the city ’s Creative and Performing Arts High School .
Police charged Jordan Miles , 18 , with assault and resisting arrest Jan. 11 because , they said , he fought with the officers who thought a “ heavy object ” in his coat was a gun .
It turned out to be a bottle of Mountain Dew .
Miles said he resisted because he thought the men were trying to abduct him and did n’t identify themselves as police .
Miles ’ family and attorney said he was hit with a stun gun and hospitalized after the violent Homewood struggle during which a chunk of his hair was yanked out and a tree branch went through his gums .
“ I was accused for something I never had anything to do with , ” said Miles , an honor student at CAPA .
“ I was completely innocent .
They could n’t find anything . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In a new brand of competition dissing , James DeBragga , General Manager of Windows Consumer Product Marketing , says Android " is free like a puppy . "
The comment came in the context of the CEO of Entourage praising Android for the fact that 's it 's versatile and free -- major motivating factors behind his use of the OS on his Edge e-reader device .
James says that Android ( like a puppy ) is great in theory , but a hassle once you get it home .
Unfortunately for him , his metaphor neglects the love and kisses and companionship many humans also associate with puppies .
Perhaps James is a cat man ?
Still , we see his side to some extent : Windows is certainly more mature , supported and capable for powering a tablet device , especially if that tablet needs to perform serious computer - style tasks .
Unfortunately , we 're not sure if Android , Windows or anything else is really ready to make tablet converts out of us .
Now if you 'll excuse us , we need to go feed our free iguana , Ricardo .
Here 's a rare chance to step inside a would - be terrorist 's head .
From 2005 to 2007 , underpants bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab appears to have posted 310 times to the Islamic Forum on Gawaher.com , under the handle " Farouk1986 . "
Now , all of Farouk1986 's posts have been assembled into a single file , thanks to Evan Kohlmann , the NEFA Foundation 's indefatigable jihadism researcher .
I 'd be curious to see what you guys find out about the man who tried to take down Northwest Airlines flight # 253 .
" i do not have a friend , i have no one to speak too , no one to consult , no one to support me and i feel depressed and lonely .
i do not know what to do , " he complained in one post .
Online , he questioned whether it was okay to take meals with his parents , even though they ate meat he considered unclean .
He asked if Muhammad were alive today , " would he watch [ soccer ] , play it , encourage it or what ? "
He talked about how much he enjoyed his studies in Yemen .
He wondered , " when is lying allowed to deceive the enemy ? "
And he denounced the " global War On Terror [ which resulted ] in the death of thousands of innocent lives and thousands more detained illegally without trial or judgement [ sic ] . "
But that 's just the start of the trail Abdulmutallab left behind , online .
Take a look at the Gawaher posts , poke around other sites , and post what you learn in the comments .
[ Photo : U.S. Marshalls ]
Light fitness programme not a problem for pregnant women Doctors used to tell pregnant women that they should avoid physical exercise at all costs .
But that 's a thing of the past .
Current medical thinking is that exercise is good for pregnant women and their unborn babies – with the proviso that they should avoid intensive training in the last months of pregnancy .
According to sports scientists at the Spanish Universidad Politecnica de Madrid , there ’s nothing to stop pregnant women following a light fitness programme right up to the birth .
The researchers published the results of their study in the American Journal of Obstetrics & Gynecology .
They did an experiment with 142 women , half of which were not physically active before or during their pregnancy .
The other half were not active before pregnancy , but started exercising from the third month of pregnancy under supervision from a trainer .
The women went to the gym three times a week , where they did a short warming up , followed by training using weights that weighed no more than 3 kg .
They did abdominal curls , biceps curls , triceps extensions , lateral raises , seated bench press , seated lateral row , lateral leg elevations , knee extensions en leg curls .
" Supine postures and exercises that involved extreme stretching and joint overextension , ballistic movements , jumps , and those types of exercises that are performed on the back were specifically avoided " , the researchers write .
" To minimize cardiovascular stress , we specifically instructed participants to avoid the Valsalva maneuver . "
After a cool - down the women went home .
The women continued training right up to the birth .
Afterwards the researchers looked at how their subjects ' birth had gone , and found no noticeable differences between the two groups .
The training programme had no effect on the unborn child either .
So appropriate fitness training is safe for pregnant women , the researchers conclude .
Previous studies have shown that women who run or do aerobics have less chance of complications if they continue light - level training during pregnancy .
Source :
Am J Obstet Gynecol .
2009 Dec ; 201( 6 ) : 590.e1 - 6 .
Do n’t Take Netanyahu to the Woodshed
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu flew to Washington on Sunday following weeks of speculation about whether he would be met by U.S. President Barack Obama during the visit .
When his plane took off , there was still with no word from the White House .
Finally , at the last minute , the president ’s staff confirmed that there would a brief meeting late Monday night .
With Obama ’s " trust " ratings among the Israeli public sunk below 10 percent , compared with ratings in the 70 to 80 percent range for past presidents like Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , one might have thought that Obama would seize the opportunity of Netanyahu ’s visit as a chance to warm the relationship with the country he describes as the United States ’ No. 1 ally in the region .
Instead , the delayed response and brief Monday meeting were quickly deemed in the Israeli press as a full - fledged snub .
Obama is reluctant to get too close because of the roiled state of U.S. relations with the Palestinian side .
After Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s trip to the region last week , there was widespread criticism that her fumbling about settlements had undermined Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’s position , perhaps even precipitating his decision not to stand as a candidate again if presidential elections are held in January .
Moreover , the far - left cohort of Obama ’s advisors , rallied by Mideast special envoy George Mitchell ’s deputy Mara Rudman , are furious at Netanyahu for what they depict as a fiendishly clever strategy that undermined Obama ’s diplomacy , and they want to punish , not reward , him when he comes to Washington .
Meanwhile , the center - left , pragmatic wing of the Obama team recognizes that the administration ’s early decision to confront Netanyahu publicly over settlements , making absolutist demands that no Israeli prime minister could accept , was a mistake , and this fumble had the added effect of hardening rather than softening Abbas ’s position , too .
It is a matter of record that Mahmoud Abbas participated in 18 years of direct negotiations with seven Israeli governments , all without the settlements freeze that he now insists is an absolute precondition to begin even low - level talks .
Obama campaigned on a promise that he would renew U.S. diplomacy in the Middle East , but what he has actually achieved so far is to return to the pre-Madrid situation in 1991 in which Palestinians refused to meet with Israelis and spoke of abandoning the two - state solution and returning to armed struggle .
By comparison , a much - chastised George W. Bush , who supposedly did little for the region , presided over the 2005 removal of all Israeli soldiers and settlers from Gaza .
During his watch , Abbas met with former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert for talks in 2007 and 2008 that Abbas himself characterized as among the most productive ever held .
If Obama wants to get a fresh start — and how could he not ? — he has an opportunity staring him right in the face .
Netanyahu is here in Washington .
He is begging for a serious meeting , and he has every reason to want this one to be more positive than his benighted first bilateral with the new president on May 18 .
Some on the U.S. side may want to use the opportunity to take Netanyahu to the woodshed , to say to the Palestinians , " See , we are being tough with Israel . "
That would be a profound mistake , one that would convince Israelis that their original fear that Obama is allied with the Arabs and not with Israel was correct .
And it would reinforce the belief among many on the Arab side that what is needed is American diktats to Israel , not direct negotiations .
If the president wants to avoid the appearance that a positive meeting with Netanyahu means he is deaf to Palestinian concerns , a solution is close at hand .
The meeting , or at least the public diplomacy about the meeting , should be primarily about Iran , not the Israeli - Palestinian morass .
Nothing is going to happen on the Palestinian front until their crisis of legitimacy reaches some kind of new equilibrium in January with presidential elections anyway .
The Iranian issue , by contrast , is at an urgent moment and cannot long be ignored .
If Obama were to emerge from a meeting with Netanyahu with their partnership on Iran restored , all the friendly governments in the Mideast would be gratified — from Riyadh to Cairo to the Mukata in Ramallah , not to mention the people of Israel .
Renewing real U.S. - Israeli strategic cooperation on the Iranian crisis is a necessity and an opportunity for Obama to undo some of the harm of past mistakes and get back on a track that may actually produce progress in the Middle East .
I should start with a full disclosure here .
I am a doctoral student in Political Science .
I was 3 years ago , about when I stopped blogging / writing on Daily Kos .
If you go back , you can find some of my old papers .
I have also almost certainly worked on research that has gotten NSF grants in my previous capacity as a research / administrative assistant in political science .
So this is personal to me .
However , even if I had not worked on these sorts of things , there is a real need to support research that can help us better understand the world around us , something that Senator Coburn seems to forget .
Despite the personal nature of my post , cutting NSF funding to Political Science would hurt incredibly important research in a variety of fields and areas , hurting our understanding of why individuals , groups , and other political entities make the decisions that they do , and how and whether our systems work effectively .
Generally , Coburn 's proposal ( linked above ) gives us a good starting point to understand how important political science ( and social science research in general ) is to understanding the world around us .
Coburn ( or his people ) write :
Most would be surprised to hear that the agency spent $ 91.3 million over the last 10 years on political " science " and $ 325 million last year alone on social studies and economics .
Really ?
You want to rip on economics research in a time where we need much more of it to understand why we 're in the boondoggle we 're in ?
( I digress . )
Furthermore , $ 9.1 million per year is chump change when you consider that the entire NSF budget was about $ 6.5 billion last year .
But Coburn is under the impression that what political scientists do is n't science .
This is one of the more fascinating debates within the discipline ( for example , Harvard , Princeton , and NYU , all Top 20 political science institutions according to US News and World Report , do not use the word " science " in the title of their department names , with Harvard using " Government " , and the latter two referring to themselves as Departments of Politics ) .
However , despite the name issues , the scientific method does come into play regularly in quantitative political science research .
Qualitative research that focuses more on case - based studies and other form of work has also followed this on some level , though there is much debate over this topic ( if you 're interested , I recommend both King , Keohane , and Verba 's Designing Social Inquiry , and the response to it , Brady and Collier 's Rethinking Social Inquiry . )
Despite the debates , political science research does follow a specific path : theories and hypotheses are proposed , they 're tested using a variety of data , the data is replicable and retestable , and future research going further into the subject is proposed .
In that regard , in using the method , what is done is scientific , and in terms of Britannica , which defines science as :
any system of knowledge that is concerned with the physical world and its phenomena and that entails unbiased observations and systematic experimentation .
In general , a science involves a pursuit of knowledge covering general truths or the operations of fundamental laws .
it is science , especially considering the experimentation done in regards to data collected by political scientists to best understand the world .
Going beyond Coburn 's belief that political science is not science , and into the programs he deems unimportant , we see that Coburn 's sense of what political science " is " is quite skewed .
For example : his primary concern seems to be with the American National Election Survey , a survey on elections conducted every 2 years through the University of Michigan with a grant from the National Science Foundation .
Coburn argues :
The grant is to " inform explanations of election outcomes . "
The University of Michigan may have some interesting theories about recent elections , but Americans who have an interest in electoral politics can turn to CNN , FOX News , MSNBC , the print media , and a seemingly endless number of political commentators on the internet who pour over this data and provide a myriad of viewpoints to answer the same questions .
There is no shortage of data or analysis in this field that would require the government to provide funding for additional analysis .
The information you get from the cable and national news networks is not the same as you get from the ANES .
The ANES asks a variety of questions about issues in a set of multiple waves , and also asks questions to the same individuals over time in some cases through panel studies .
In terms of its use in political science , a cursory search of the term " National Election Study " in Google Scholarturns up 905,000 links , with citations discussing topics as disparate as economic performance and presidential elections , to public opinion on English - language voting .
Unlike polls conducted by the networks , the ANES asks questions that may not necessarily be news - makers at the time .
Their primary goal is not making news , but gleaning information .
Coburn also seems to have a major problem with specific research done with NSF grants .
His primary concern seems to be that they are not " science " .
However , science is about understanding the world around us , not specifically about the biological / chemical / physical processes of the day .
There are too many to list here ( he does throw in a shot at Paul Krugman at the end of his discussion ) , but it is important to note that all of these studies do have real world effects : to help us understand what effect certain independent variables have on the world around us .
If we do n't understand the world around us from the perspective of testing and retesting , how are we to understand why things happen ?
So , I 've probably babbled on long enough on the importance of political science research .
It is not only scientific , it is important to understanding why people make the decisions that they do in a political setting .
Cutting NSF funding would hurt that understanding .
Science is about the search for data , about understanding the world around us in a way that we can conceptualize through the testing and retesting of what we see and collect in the outside world .
Political science is the same .
So , if you 're interested in helping , please contact your Congresscritters about the Coburn Amendment ( 2631 to H.R. 2847 . ) .
You can call them , or if you just like to email , here 's a fun petition . :)
PS - One of Coburn 's arguments against political science focuses on it not helping students understand math .
Obviously he 's never read a quantitative article .
I spent at least a few hours today dealing with multivariate calculus and integrals , so there 's a good deal of math involved with what we do . :)
The ultimate beauty of every architectural design is showcased by using a super visualization to breathe life into your idea .
Archmania is here equipped and designed to offer you immaculate 3D rendering services .
While the architects develop their 2d floor plans , we work to develop 3d visualizations of the same .
Our rendering services cover a house ’s elements inside out .
We specialize in generating for our esteemed clients ; normal house plans , 3d exterior rendering , 3d interior rendering , architectural visualization .
We never stop there but also design the 2d and 3d floor plans for you .
Our main aim is to make your work standout before your clients so that you may focus energy on cash negotiations .
An illustration of nuclear power plants to be built by the consortium
A South Korean consortium has been awarded a contract worth some $ 20 bn ( £ 12.5 bn ) to build four nuclear power plants in the United Arab Emirates .
The group , led by the Korea Electric Power Corp ( Kepco ) , beat bids from a US - Japanese group and a French firm .
South Korean officials said the deal was the biggest single contract the country had ever won abroad .
Though the world 's third largest oil exporter , the UAE says only nuclear power can meet its energy demands .
The nuclear reactors should all be in operation by 2020 , by which time demand for electricity in the UAE is expected to have more than doubled .
The first is scheduled to begin supplying power in 2017 .
As well as Kepco , the winning consortium includes Samsung , Hyundai and Doosan Heavy Industries , as well as US firm Westinghouse and Japan 's Toshiba .
The South Korean president 's office described the deal as " the largest mega - project in Korean history " .
It also represents that first time the country has exported a nuclear power plant , according to the Associated Press news agency .
South Korea first introduced atomic power in 1978 and now has 20 nuclear reactors in operation .
DALLAS -
It was a decisive week by a purposeful team — seven days that have framed the Vancouver Canucks ’ season and redefined their team .
It was n’t just that Vancouver ’s 3 - 1 win Saturday against the Dallas Stars allowed the Canucks to complete a difficult four - game road trip with three wins and a shootout loss .
Or that the Canucks found different ways to win , blowing out the Calgary Flames 5 - 1 last Sunday , coming from three goals down to beat the St. Louis Blues 4 - 3 in overtime on Thursday , then hanging on in Dallas to protect a lead .
The most impressive thing is that the Canucks ’ best week of the season , and their most successful road trip since November 2008 , came amid startling developments that could have undermined the team and caused focus to waver .
A few hours apart last week — Tuesday in Phoenix where the Canucks rallied late before losing 3 - 2 in a shootout against the white - hot Coyotes — Vancouver jettisoned malcontent defenceman Mathieu Schneider , then lost key blue - liner Kevin Bieksa to a devastating leg injury .
Taken cumulatively , losing those players under those circumstances should have been a blow to the defence and the organization .
Even if Canuck players support the idea of evicting the unhappy Schneider — and they do — the unusual and at least a little embarrassing move was highly combustible .
It could have become a sideshow .
Pile on to that pyre the loss of Bieksa and how serious injuries such as his can shake confidence and , if followed quickly by a loss or two , cause at least a whiff of panic in the dressing room .
But in one of his finest moments as the Canucks ’ coach , Alain Vigneault emphatically stated that he would not have Schneider back and that Bieksa ’s injury changed nothing .
The Canucks had made their decision , were better without Schneider , and would win anyway .
Then they rallied from 3 - 0 to beat the Blues , then handled a Stars ’ team that had won four of five home games .
The Canucks are 9 - 2 - 1 in their last 12 games , are genuinely eight games over .500 and within one good weekend of first place in the Northwest Division .
They open a four - game homestand Tuesday against the Columbus Blue Jackets .
“ I do n’t think confidence was ever a problem because I ’ve been here four years now and we ’ve always had pretty good success on the road , ” goalie and captain Roberto Luongo said Saturday .
“ But we definitely have that confidence now we can come into any building and win .
And not just the same way all the time .
“ Last game , we had to come back in the third period .
[ Saturday ] , we had to hold the fort .
It ’s nice to know we can win in different ways . ”
The Canucks , who have had two potent scoring lines most of the season , finally got their third line going on the trip as Kyle Wellwood , Steve Bernier and Tanner Glass were noticeable each game .
It ’s an intriguing mix of under - and overachievers , finesse and physical players , but it worked .
There ’s enormous disappointment among progressives about the emerging health care bill — and rightly so .
That said , even as it stands it would take a big step toward greater security for Americans and greater social justice ; it would also save many lives over the decade ahead .
That ’s why progressive health policy wonks — the people who have campaigned for health reform for years — are almost all in favor of voting for the thing .
The argument about the evil of the individual mandate is , as Jon Cohn says , all wrong .
It was wrong during the primaries , when Obama unfortunately used it to demagogue his rivals — helping set the stage for problems now .
And it ’s still wrong .
And the truth is that health care reform was probably doomed to be deeply imperfect .
As Ezra Klein pointed out a few weeks ago , we ’re basically in a hostage situation : progressives really , really want to cover the uninsured , while centrists whose votes are needed can take it or leave it .
So the centrists have a lot of power — which in the case of Joe Lieberman means the power to double - cross and indulge his pettiness .
Now , in a hostage situation there are times when you have to just say no — when giving in , by encouraging future hostage - takers , would be worse than letting the hostages perish .
So the question has to be , is this one of those times ?
I do n’t think so , given the history : as Kevin Drum points out , health reform has come back weaker after each defeat .
I ’d also point out that highly imperfect insurance reforms , like Social Security and Medicare in their initial incarnations , have gotten more comprehensive over time .
This suggests that the priority is to get something passed .
But what ’s happening , I think , goes beyond health care ; what we ’re seeing is disillusionment with Obama among some of the people who were his most enthusiastic supporters .
A lot of people seem shocked to find that he ’s not the transformative figure of their imaginations .
Can I say I told you so ?
If you paid attention to what he said , not how he said it , it was obvious from the beginning — and I ’m talking about 2007 — that he was going to be much less aggressive about change than one could have hoped .
And this has done a lot of damage : I believe he could have taken a tougher line on economic policy and the banks , and was tearing my hair out over his caution early this year .
I also believe that if he had been tougher on those issues , he’d be better able to weather disappointment over his health care compromises .
So there ’s a lot of bitterness out there .
But please , keep your priorities straight .
By all means denounce Obama for his failed bipartisan gestures .
By all means criticize the administration .
But do n’t take it out on the tens of millions of Americans who will have health insurance if this bill passes , but will be out of luck — and , in some cases , dead — if it does n’t .
Inquiring minds are asking " Why Is California Broke ? "
It 's a good question .
Please consider ...
California has the 3rd highest state income tax in the nation : 9.55 % tax bracket at $ 47,055 and 10.55 % at $ 1,000,000 - Tax Foundation 2010 State Business Tax Climate Table 2
California has the highest state sales tax rate in the nation by far at 8.25 % .
Indiana is next highest at 7 % .
Table 15
California corporate income tax rate is 17th worst in the nation with a rate of 8.84 % .
- However , of the non graduated states , only Pennsylvania at 9.99 % , Rhode Island at 9.0 % , and the District of Columbia at 9.98 % are higher .
One size fits all ( and a very high one at that ) is exceptionally hard on small businesses .
Table 8 and Table 2
California ranks 13th best in property taxes .
However proposition 13 causes massive distortions for new buyers .
Table 2
California has the fourth highest capital gains tax 9.55 % .
- Capital Gains Tax Rates By State
California has the highest gasoline tax as of January 2010 , averaging 65 cents / gallon .
The national average is 47.4 % - API Motor Fuel Taxes
California has one of the highest state vehicle license car taxes , 1.15 % per year on value of vehicle , up from 0.65 % in 2008 .
[ expired link ]
So where 's the money going ?
US Competitiveness
American companies often function at a competitive disadvantage in the global economy .
They pay one of the highest corporate tax rates of any of the industrialized countries .
The top federal rate on corporate income is 35 percent , and states with punitive tax systems cause companies to be even less competitive globally .
State lawmakers are always mindful of their states ’ business tax climates , but they are often tempted to lure business with lucrative tax incentives and subsidies instead of broadbased tax reform .
This can be a dangerous proposition as a case in Florida illustrates .
In July of 2004 Florida lawmakers cried foul because a major credit card company announced it would close its Tampa call center , lay off 1,110 workers , and outsource those jobs to another company .
The reason for the lawmakers ’ ire was that the company had been lured to Florida with a generous tax incentive package and had enjoyed nearly $ 3 million worth of tax breaks during the previous nine years .
Lawmakers create these deals under the banner of job creation and economic development , but the truth is that if a state really can’t attract employers without such packages , it is often because punitive tax laws have created a woeful business tax climate .
Every tax law will in some way change a state ’s competitive position relative to its immediate neighbors , its geographic region , and even globally .
Ultimately it will affect the state ’s national standing as a place to live and to do business .
Entrepreneurial states can take advantage of the tax increases of their neighbors to lure businesses out of high - tax states .
Most states have at least one major tax area that is hospitable to business and economic growth , and most have at least one punitive tax that makes the state ’s tax climate look comparatively bad .
For example , California ranks poorly overall , 48th best , despite having the 13th best score on property taxes .
On the other end of the spectrum , Delaware ranks 8th best despite a dreadful corporate income tax that ranks as the second worst in the nation .
California Improves ( Sort Of )
With such a low ranking , it may not assuage California taxpayers to hear that the state ’s tax system has improved one spot this year and now ranks 48th best .
Unfortunately , even this slightly good news does not come because of improved tax policy .
New York implemented even worse policies , dropping below California .
In fact , California ’s raw score dropped substantially because it added 0.25 percent to each personal income tax rate and increased its statewide sales tax to 8.25 percent , now the nation ’s highest state - level rate .
State Business Rankings
California Pension Crisis
Government workers also enjoy absurd protections .
The Los Angeles Times did a recent series about the city ’s public school district , which does n’t even try to fire incompetent teachers and is seldom able to get rid of those credibly accused of misconduct or abuse .
A state law referred to as the Peace Officers Bill of Rights , along with excessive privacy restrictions , likewise makes it nearly impossible to fire police officers who abuse their authority .
The media have finally started to take notice , largely because of some impossible - to - ignore financial excesses , particularly the tens of billions of dollars in “ unfunded liabilities ” — that is , future debt — run up by politicians more interested in pleasing union officials than in looking after the public ’s finances .
News reports have also focused on scandals at CalPERS , the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System , which has faced record losses after making risky leveraged investments in bizarre real - estate deals .
( The government pension system encourages such risky behavior : with defined - benefit systems , union members stand to gain if the investments go well , while taxpayers shoulder the burden if they do n’t . )
Meanwhile , the Los Angeles Times reported on a politically connected insider who received $ 53 million in finder ’s fees from CalPERS , raising questions of pay - to - play deals .
But the real scandal is a two - tier society where government workers enjoy benefits far in excess of those for whom they supposedly work .
Why Is California Broke ?
California has a horrible business climate that drives business elsewhere .
California has an array of some of the highest tax rates in the nation .
California is beholden to the unions , especially the teachers union and prison system , and at the municipal level to the police and fire unions .
California hands out money with free services encouraging an influx of illegal aliens and an exodus of those wealthy enough and mobile enough to move .
The real scandal is a two - tier society where government workers enjoy benefits far in excess of those for whom they supposedly work .
Top from left : Salam
Aid worker distributes bread ; the film Welcome angered the French government ; migrant washes himself in cold water in Calais .
Bottom from left : British group No Borders has plastered Calais with posters , its attempt to hold a demonstration drew 500 police ; migrants wait for the evening meal station to open near the Calais docks .
Jonathan and Marie - Jo , Anglo - French reporting team , have been to Calais to investigate the situation of migrants in the port & tunnel portal zones .
Here is a very brief summary of the trip :
In January 2010 , an extremely complex situation is revealed in Calais .
It has been a cold winter and Canute - like efforts by French and British authorities to disrupt the tide of migrants do not seem to have stopped more from arriving at the channel ports , hoping to reach the promised land of Britain .
The exiles come mainly from zones of conflict , mostly Afghanistan , Iraq , Somalia , Sudan and Kurdistan .
The migrants are 95 % male , and have an average age of about 22 , although some of them are children .
This is a story replete with bitter ironies .
The policies of the British and French governments may not have kept the exiles at home but the officials have succeeded in making migrant lives more miserable , once they are in Calais .
It might be asked from a saloon bar in the UK , why would the migrants think that Britain was a land of milk and honey ?
None of them will qualify for welfare .
Jobs are scarce and they are forbidden to work hence forced if they can find a job into the most marginal and exploited employment .
Improved security on the tunnel and around the port has made it harder to cross and the bribes more costly .
There have been well - mediatised efforts to destroy and disrupt migrant camps , but now there are more of them , and smaller , as the migrants have dispersed .
Pins mark ‘ jungle ’ settlements
The migrants are now all along the coast in Bologne certainly but as far south as Caen and north into Belgium .
Many have moved inland to autoroute lorry parks ( ‘ aires ’ ) where they attempt to find concealment among cargoes destined for Britain and others are biding their time alongside the Canal St Martin in Paris .
With no legal status in France , but all the normal basic human needs , the migrants present policy dilemmas and political pressures as well as ignite defiant acts of generosity .
This isa country that boasts that it is a land of welcome and asylum , yet the National Front remains a potent political force and Sarkoszy ’s ruling UMP is obsessed with ‘ Frenchness ’ .
Polls do not show huge sympathy for migrants .
The political and legal conflicts and problems are multiple .
In France it is illegal to help illegal migrants and worst of all to provide accommodation or to host a migrant .
« Toute personne qui aura , par aide directe ou indirecte , facilité l’entrée , la circulation ou le séjour irrégulier d’un étranger en France , sera punid ’un emprisonnement de cinq ans et d’une amende de 30 000 euros . » ( L’article L622 - 1 du Code de l’entrée et du séjour des étrangers ) .
Nevertheless , there are defenses to this seemingly endlessly vague and broad law , and seeming exceptions .
If anyone is breaking the law they include the socialist regional government which is subsidising relief efforts , and even the UMP mayor of Calais , who is providing a space for the migrants to receive meals .
Many other organisations and individuals are also defying this law .
Others are operating in shadier territory .
The police have the ability to arrest anyone they like in France and hold them incommunicado in the squalid conditions of garde a vue for 48 hours , and they have used this power against selected activists in Calais .
The contradictions and cruelties of the migrants of Calais are the theme of Phillipe Lioret ’s Welcome ( 2009 ) , a gritty example of filmaking that tells the wider story of the migrants through the tale of just one .
It is not necessary to speak much French to understand the film that in any case includes numerous passages in English .
Welcome was condemned by the French ‘ national identity ’ minister Eric Besson , a former socialist whose former colleagues believe has sold his soul to the devil to become a minister in Sarkozy ’s government .
It is now many months since the film was released but the conflicts in policy exposed by it remain acute .
Activities by NGOs and charities working in Nord - Pas de Calais are loosely coordinated by the C’SUR ( Collectif Soutien d’Urgence aux Réfugiés ) coordinated by the activist priest , l’abbé Boutoille , who is a strong critic of the government ’s national identity policies .
We saw in action : Association Belle Etoile ( lunch time meals ) ; association Salam ( morning tea , evening meals , clothing , blankets , tents and first aid ) .
We also encountered observers from the UNHCR and France – Terre d’Asiles .
Other organisations involved in helping migrants to have basic human rights : Secours Catholique : Showers & sanitation ; Transportation of migrants to PASS ( Permanence d’Accès aux Soins et à la Santé ) ; paperwork for acquiring political refugee status or “ demandeurs d’asile ” asylum seekers .
MDM ( Médecins du Monde ) .
Auberge des Migrants ( help Belle Etoile with lunches )
Yinz wanna sound like a Picksburgher ?
Here 's your chance !!!
The Pittsburghese Translator will take your text and substitute the associated Pittsburghese word or phrase , making you sound like a Picksburgher !
Or check out these translations !
No .
Pneumonia is an infection and / or inflammation of the lungs .
Being cold or wet does n't make you sick with infectious diseases .
Being infected by a bacteria or virus ( or other infectious pathogen ) that your immune system is unable to fight off is the cause of not only pneumonia , but virtually every communicable disease .
It is the transmission of this infectious agent that causes the illness , not the conditions in which the infection is contracted .
To say that cold and / or damp conditions cause pneumonia is like saying sleeping in a bed makes a woman pregnant simply because that 's where lots of women get pregnant .
The correlation between the two is purely coincidental .
I received a surprise gift today from NZAIIBlacks .
I guess he read my comments that I like nintendo stuff cause he got me 8 amazing nintendo super mario keyrings that make noises from the game when you press them .
I am going to give on to each member of my little family and keep the rest for myself :)
Thank you so much jake !
Today 's sports cars make 100 MPH feel like you 're standing still .
That means you can drive faster than ever .
Giving into that urge is only natural .
Here 's why .
Advertisement
I live to drive fast .
Do n't believe me ?
I passed up a real career — one with respectability , a fat paycheck , and health insurance — to write about cars .
But that writing is just an excuse to drive the fastest cars in the world on good roads and great racetracks and have someone else pay for it .
Do I miss the nice house , the savings account , and the closet full of suits ?
I do when I 'm counting backwards from one hundred while a surgeon draws purple lines on my skin , or when I 'm sitting by the side of the road contemplating jail time by the glow of flashing red lights .
But those things are shoved aside by adrenaline when I turn off a congested highway and see a " curves ahead " sign .
Driving fast is dangerous , illegal , and irresponsible .
Society dictates that you should n't do it , but car manufacturers sell faster and more powerful cars every year .
Twenty years ago , the fastest car in the world , the Ferrari F40 , made 471 HP .
Now you can buy a four - door Cadillac with almost 100 HP more .
People want fast cars because driving fast is dangerous , illegal and irresponsible .
In a society beset by mindless conformity , the fear of risk , and the pressing need to uncover President Obama 's birth certificate , cars deliver an easy way to experience danger and control .
Advertisement
The danger inherent in fast driving is different from the risk you run as you tool back and forth to work and Wal - Mart .
It 's not " a car might run a light and hit me today , " or " this bridge could give way and drop me into a river . "
It 's " if I screw up , I 'm going to die . "
One is passive , the other is active .
The difference between the two is the difference between existing and living .
In a nutshell , that 's the key .
That need to exert control over your own fate is primal in nature , the lingering artifact of monkey heritage in the upright ape 's mind .
Man 's ancestors did n't walk out of the woods because we could run faster or bite stronger than our relatives — we 're unique because we use tools .
What is a car if not the ultimate tool ?
What is driving fast if not using that tool to the fullest extent of its intended purpose ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
When Karl Benz insisted that a horse was n't fast enough and invented a way to do better , he was solving his problem by creating a tool .
Michael Schumacher is n't returning to Formula
One because his wiener - schnitzel fund is running low ; he 's going back because existence without challenge bores him .
When I post this piece , I 'm going to walk out of my house , climb into an Audi S5 , and speed , all because it 's my nature to do so .
I 'm sorry , officer — I just can't help myself .
Dr. Mengele 's Victim Why One Auschwitz Survivor Avoided Doctors for 65 Years
Sixty - five years ago , infamous Auschwitz doctor Josef Mengele removed Yitzhak Ganon 's kidney without anesthesia .
The Greek - born Jew swore never to see a doctor again -- until a heart attack last month brought his horrific tale into the open .
Alles außer Hochdeutsch ?
Peter Mühlbauer
Der neue EU - Kommissar Günther Oettinger legt für sich und seine Untertanen unterschiedliche Maßstäbe an
Der baden - württembergische Ministerpräsident Günther Oettinger soll der neue deutsche EU - Kommissar werden .
Bei seiner Vorstellung im Europaparlament berichteten einheimische Mainstreammedien relativ einhellig , wie gut er angekommen sei .
Nun tauchte ein Redemittschnitt auf YouTube auf , der nahe legt , dass es mit der Auswahlkompetenz der Europaparlamentarier nicht allzu weit her sein kann , wenn Oettinger auf sie tatsächlich einen guten Eindruck machte .
Das Video besteht eigentlich aus zwei Aufnahmen des CDU - Politikers :
In einer postuliert er , dass Englisch die " Arbeitssprache " werde , die jeder sprechen können müsse - egal , ob er an der Werkbank steht oder Geschäftsführer ist .
In der anderen hört und sieht man Oettinger Englisch sprechen .
Dabei bleiben viele Wörter und Sätze rätselhaft .
Auch ( oder gerade ) für Englisch - Muttersprachler .
Dafür gibt es im Video eine teilweise untertitelte Wiederholung der Ansprache , in welche die Hersteller ( sofern ihnen nicht das schriftliche Manuskript vorlag ) viel Zeit investieren mussten , bis sie Bedeutungen aus dem Kontext errieten , wie Linguisten Bestandteile einer unbekannten Sprache .
Oettingers Aussprache von Wörtern wie psychology ( " psücholotschi " mit gesprochenem " p " und deutschem " ch " ) , initiative ( " inischieitif " mit Betonung auf " ei " ) , quite ( " kwitt " wie in " to quit " ) , lowered ( " lauerd " ) , purpose ( " pörpous " mit Betonung auf " ous " ) , justifiable ( " tschastifibl " ) , capable ( " capeibl " ) , subsidies ( " sabsideis " ) und policies ( " poliseis " ) klingt so , als hätte er diese zwar vielleicht schon einmal gelesen - aber definitiv noch nie gehört .
Tatsächlich zeigt sich in dem Vortrag , dass der künftige EU - Kommissar für Energiefragen , nicht einmal die Wörter " Energy " und " Europe " richtig aussprechen kann .
Bei anderen scheint der Schwabe die richtige Aussprache zwar zu kennen , die ihm offenbar ungewohnten Lautkombination aber nicht über die Lippen zu bringen - und so wird aus " citizen " ein " sitifn " .
Wie schon bei einem ähnlichen ( aber deutlich weniger eindrucksvollen ) Giudo - Westerwelle - Video bietet auch Oettingers misslungene Übertragung deutscher Redewendungen dem YouTube - Forum Anlass zu bewussten Lübke - Englisch - Parodien wie " I understand just train - station ! " , " There my hairs stand up to the mountain " , " My english is not the yellow from the egg ! " , " This man is heavy on wire " , " Now we have se salad ! " und " When I would not better know I would say that he makes that extra - Or becomes he money for that of the sender ? "
Ein " weiterer Grund , Hauptschulen abzuschaffen " , wie ein Kommentator meint , ist Oettinger aber gerade nicht :
Er besuchte nämlich das Gymnasium Korntal - Münchingen , schloss es in den 1970er Jahren mit dem Abitur ab und durfte anschließend Rechtswissenschaft und Volkswirtschaftslehre an der Universität Tübingen studieren .
Nach seinem damaligen Englischlehrer gefragt , verweigert Schulleiterin Angelika Nollert ebenso jegliche Auskunft wie zu den heutigen Standards für den Englischunterricht an ihrer Schule .
Guido Westerwelle könnte sein Englisch theoretisch auf die von CDU und FDP immer wieder kritisierte Aufweichung der Bildungsstandards im lange rotregierten Nordrhein - Westfalen entschuldigen .
Oettinger dagegen kommt aus einem seit seiner Gründung durchgehend mit konservativ - liberaler Bildungspolitik gesegnetem Bundesland .
Aber vielleicht liegt gerade darin das Problem : Baden - Württemberg verlangt bei der Zulassung zum Studium zwar auch in solchen Fächern ein Latinum , in denen sich beim besten Willen kein Nutzen dieser Sprache herbeifantasieren lässt , verzichtet dafür aber auf Unterrichtsstunden in lebenden Sprachen und wirbt sogar seit Jahren frech mit dem Slogan : " Wir können alles .
Außer Hochdeutsch . "
Möglicherweise betrifft das Problem auch bloß die baden - württembergischen Eliten in besonderer Weise .
Ein YouTube - Kommentator , der in Tübingen studierte , wies darauf hin , dass der ehemalige Rektor seiner und Oettingers Universität " bei offiziellen Anlässen ganz genauso Englisch gesprochen " habe .
Eine Erklärung dafür , wie bei solchen Eliten die als " Dunning - Kruger - Effekt " bekannt gewordene Diskrepanz zwischen Selbst - und Fremdwahrnehmung der eigenen Fähigkeiten entstehen kann , gab " Monitorreiniger " , ein weiterer YouTube - Nutzer , unter Verweis auf die von Oettinger nach seiner Nominierung im Oktober gegebene Auskunft , er sei sich " in Englisch , was das Gespräch angeht , sehr sicher " :
Da fragt man sich , mit wem der sich bis jetzt unterhalten hat .
Wahrscheinlich nur mit Untergebenen , die sich nicht getraut haben ihn darauf hinzuweisen , wie miserabel sein Englisch ist .
Etwas anders formulierte diese Theorie ein weiterer Zuschauer , der bemerkte , wenn Englisch die Arbeitssprache sei , dann würde sich die im Video zu beobachtende Fertigkeitslage wohl nur dadurch erklären lassen , dass Oettinger nichts arbeiten muss .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
I heard recently from one of my regular readers ( I ’ll call her “ Kathy ” ) who shared her concerns about the future of our shared faith .
Like me , she is a Roman Catholic with liberal religious and political inclinations .
And , like me , she was distressed by several recent major events in the Church : the Ryan Report documenting generations of sexual abuse by the clergy in Ireland , the hostility expressed by several American bishops towards Notre Dame University for inviting President Obama to give the commencement address , and the recent conversion of Florida ’s Father Alberto Cutié to the Episcopal Church .
Cutié , the former Roman Catholic priest and media star ( known to many as “ Father Oprah ” for his advice to those struggling with both personal and religious issues ) , was exposed in the press as having a girlfriend .
Forced to choose between the celibacy of the Roman Catholic priesthood and the life he wished to live , he left not only the priesthood but the Church .
Kathy believes , as many of us do , that priestly celibacy should be optional and that the priesthood should be open to women .
We object to efforts by Church leaders to force their subjective teachings on non-Catholics and its attacks on religious pluralism and separation of church and state – often in league with the Religious Right .
And we especially object to the belligerence directed at independent - thinking Catholics by a reactionary hierarchy .
These conflicts are making it unbearable for many of us to stay in the Church .
And some us think Church leaders are intentionally squeezing us out .
Kathy is n’t so sure about that .
She observes that many liberal - leaning Catholics like Father Cutié do n’t fight back but “ just walk away . ”
She thinks that the reactionary forces within the Catholic hierarchy “ are fighting a lost cause , ” and that in “ their moral posturing over President Obama ’s speech at Notre Dame , they run the risk of alienating a lot more Catholics than they realize . ”
The Catholic Right wants those of us who embrace religious pluralism and liberalization within the church to leave a global religion solely in their hands .
But I think that the Catholic Right and the reactionaries in the hierarchy do indeed know what they are doing .
They want those of us who embrace religious pluralism and liberalization within the church to leave a global religion –with its well - organized hierarchy and diplomatic nation - state status – solely in their hands .
The movers and shakers of the Catholic Right are indeed attempting to provoke a modern day schism within Catholicism and they are willing to lose untold numbers of members in order to achieve a leaner , arguably meaner , but in any case more traditionally orthodox and authoritarian Church .
The Pope himself has called for a “ a leaner , smaller , purer church . ”
1
Not only reproductive justice and equality issues are at stake .
The time - tested Roman Catholic concern for economic justice and the poor , the rights of workers and immigrants , and a responsive government are anathema to the groups pushing for a more traditional church .
The Catholic parish as a vital community for immigrants and poor people will be lost .
They believe shrinking the Church would only be temporary .
Actually , a “ pruning ” is the more apt description of the agenda of those pushing schism .
Liberal and moderate members – many of whom have small families – would be replaced by more traditional - minded Catholics who eschew family planning and would quickly augment the Church ’s numbers .
Schism is very much a top - down phenomenon .
Influential bishops and priests backed by the Pope and right - wing lay intellectuals are aggressively pushing the Church rightward .
Unlike the Protestant Reformation , when the reformers left to establish their own denomination , today we are seeing more of a “ reverse schism , ” one in which those who actually oppose reform and transparency create an atmosphere so hostile and so constricting that those actually desiring transparency and reform are forced out .
They have little support at the base of the U.S. church .
Even today , only somewhere between 50,000 to 100,000 out of 60 million American Catholics describe themselves as “ traditionalist . ”
2
I will talk more about the right - wing lay intellectuals ’ role in promoting schism in a later article .
For now , I will just say that the struggle unites all kinds of Catholic conservatives , internationalist and isolationist , those supporting a robust government and a small one .
Much of the Catholic Right pines for the return of the Latin Mass and are united on such matters as abortion , euthanasia , homosexuality and stem cell research .
They merge theological with political conservatism .
Like several of the reactionary bishops who opposed Obama ’s appearance at Notre Dame , these leaders tend to be traditionalist and bemoan the modernization of the Church stemming from the Second Vatican Council ( Vatican II ) .
This was the three - year gathering of bishops and other church leaders launched by the marvelous Pope John XXIII that ended in 1965 with the Church extending its hand in dialog to Eastern Orthodox and other churches , saying that truth could be found outside of the Roman Catholic Church .
Vatican II also encouraged lay members to study the Bible for themselves and dropped the Latin Mass in favor of Mass held in the congregants ’ own tongue with laypeople taking an active role in the service .
The Second Vatican Council extended a hand to Jews by saying that Jews both in Jesus ’ time and today could not be held responsible for the killing of the messiah .
The spirit of Vatican II is the spirit of dialog .
Vatican II also increased the power of the bishops against the pope , a decentralization which helped nurture the development of Liberation Theology in Latin America and Africa .
By 1978 , reversing Vatican II and forestalling any other liberalization seemed the far - fetched dream of a small group of reactionary bishops and cardinals , and a relatively small number of dissatisfied Catholics .
But the appointment of Pope John Paul II in that year , and his successor Pope Benedict XVI in April 2005 , means the traditionalists ’ dream is no longer far - fetched .
They enjoy a Catholic hierarchy with fewer liberal members .
About three quarters of the world ’s bishops were appointed by Pope John Paul II following his ascendancy in 1978.3
With very few exceptions , they reflect a world - view whose spectrum usually extends from the socially conservative Cardinal John J. O’Connor to the communion - denying Cardinal Edmund Burke and even to the extreme of the self - professed militant warrior Bishop Robert Finn attached to the reactionary men ’s fraternal society Opus Dei .
Unless a moderate or liberal succeeds Pope Benedict XVI , the hierarchy will soon be wholly in the hands of the traditionalists .
The bishops who attacked Notre Dame will represent the bulk of the church and liberal Catholics will go the way of liberal Republicans , as rarely sighted as a polar bear in a melting world .
How did we get to this point ?
The Second Vatican Council
Before the papacy of Pope John XXIII ( 1958 - 1963 ) , there was little difficulty for the average American Catholic to reconcile one ’s Roman Catholicism with one ’s Americanism .
Catholic economics were part and parcel of America ’s embrace of New Deal capitalism and the true battles over abortion and biological issues had yet to begin in earnest .
It was only among the Church ’s theologians and hierarchy where democracy and modernity were pitted against orthodoxy .
Essentially , Catholics who were both economically and religiously conservative had no avenue for influencing the Vatican simply because they were boxed in : an economically liberal Church was still religiously traditional .
Since the 1960s , issues such as civil rights , women ’s rights , and reproductive choice exacerbated the divide between more traditional Catholics , who wanted little or no change – and those who did .
This had a partisan dimension .
Politically conservative U.S. White Catholics became disenchanted with what they believed to be the Democratic Party ’s catering to Hispanic and African - American minorities .
Although this perception probably exceeded reality , the additional focus on women ’s rights generally , and abortion in particular , clashed with Roman Catholic orthodoxy .
Some Catholics then did the once unthinkable and started voting for what has been the party of the Protestant Brahmins .
Eventually those who saw the Church ’s liberalization as too similar to the Democratic Party ’s liberalization formed the core of what became the contemporary American Catholic Right .
Then , disenchanted Catholics began falling away from the faith .
New England lost one million Catholics over the past 20 years even as the region ’s overall population has grown .
4
Between 2006 and 2007 alone , the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life reports that American Catholicism lost about 400,000 adherents , shrinking the playing field for the Right.5
The Catholic Right ’s hatred of modernity can be best summarized in philosopher Isaiah Berlin ’s observation that they embrace “ the old Platonic belief in the philosopher - kings , who were entitled to give orders to others . ”
Their common opposition to embryonic stem cell research , gay marriage , and abortion rights are classic manifestations of such a belief .
Embryonic stem cell research , for example , begins to demystify science and in their eyes , removes the virtue of human heroism .
Homosexuality supposedly runs contrary to a thirteenth century understanding of natural law .
And abortion – beyond the issues of life and death – presupposes a woman ’s equality with man , another belief that runs contrary to a thirteenth century understanding of the natural order of life .
A pluralism of values – a material element of modern liberal democracy – is therefore not acceptable .
All must submit to one selective version of “ the truth . ”
To that end , almost any form of dissent is viewed as disobedience .
It is here that the church ’s conservative politics merge with a more authoritarian hierarchy .
Back in the early 1960s , even some of his supporters looked askance at the way Pope John XXIII , the pope who launched Vatican II , encouraged bishops and cardinals to openly air their disagreements with one another .
For the more authoritarian - minded princes of the Church , “ the truth ” is not to be found in either bottom to top or lateral exchanges – or in respectful dialog with other faiths – but solely in top - down pronouncements grounded in ancient if not obsolete “ tradition . ”
Church traditionalists ’ goal is simple : a return to a pre-Vatican II Catholic Church , one where a Catholic toes the line , remains mum , or gets out .
They object , among other things , to replacing the language of Mass from Latin to the local language ; the elevation of conscience in relationship with Magisterium ( the “ teaching authority of the Roman Catholic Church ” ) .
Perhaps more importantly the respectful view of other faiths enunciated by Vatican II and the ecumenical dialog that followed was anathema to those who viewed the one true church as the only path to eternal salvation .
But perhaps most shocking to the traditionalists was open dissent to the authority of the hierarchy from clergy as well as the rank and file .
For those who followed St. Bernard of Clairvaux ’s neoplatonic admonition that “ faith is to be believed , not disputed , ” dissent , in and of itself , was tantamount to heresy .
With Pope John - Paul II ’s 1978 ascension , the traditionalist - minded conservatives now had a powerful ally setting Church policy .
The socially conservative John - Paul reached out to reactionary - minded lay organizations like the plutocratic and free market - loving Opus Dei which his two predecessors wisely viewed with deep suspicion .
A mix of laymen , bishops and priests , Opus Dei has historically worked to purge progressives from church ranks , notably in Latin America , and infuse Catholicism with right - wing principles .
John Paul saw Opus Dei and other authoritarian - minded groups such as the Legionnaires of Christ and Communion y Liberacíon as a means to a more conservative Church .
Dissent was increasingly equated with disloyalty .
The current Pope Benedict – formerly known as Cardinal Ratzinger — executed John - Paul ’s purges as head of the office of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , once known as the Office of the Inquisition .
In that role , Ratzinger attempted , but failed , to condemn noted Liberation priest and theologian Gustavo Merino ; successfully had Father Charles Curran , one of the chief American dissenters against the church ’s 1968 statement against artificial birth control , removed from his position as theologian and teacher of theology at Catholic University in Washington , D.C. ( see box ) ; and disciplined the liberal theologian Hans Küng for daring to question papal authority ( although years earlier Küng brought a younger Ratzinger to teach at the University at Tübingen , essentially being the future pope ’s academic mentor ) .
Now as Pope , Benedict ’s outreach to far right splinter groups such as the Priestly Society of Saint Pius X ( SSPX ) takes Pope John Paul II ’s rapprochement with the far Right to a new level .
SSPX is best known for its fondness for the Latin rite Mass and , in Europe , for its affinity for the French neofascist National Front Party .
In January , Benedict accepted four bishops into the church ordained by an archbishop and SSPX leader in defiance of the Vatican in 1988 .
One , Richard Williamson , was a Holocaust denier who decried the “ false messianic vocation of Jewish world - dominion . ”
Benedict ’s acceptance of the bishops sparked an international firestorm .
6
Apparently this pontiff ’s obsession with supposed schemes of secular moral relativism and nihilism , and his desire for traditionalism in the church , allowed him to turn a blind eye to the hateful ideology of Williamson and many other SSPX members .
Finally , faced with outrage from Catholics far and wide , the Pope revoked his acceptance of Williamson in February .
While the Pope ’s embrace of SSPX backfired so badly that liberal Catholics won a rare victory , the message was clear : Traditionalists no matter their past transgressions can be brought back in the fold while liberal dissenters such as Father Charles Curran can go their own way ( see box ) .
Shrinking the Church in America
The vast majority of Catholics – here and overseas – do n’t want a return to the Latin Mass .
For me , the Latin Mass is very elitist , with the priest speaking almost in a whisper and his back facing the congregation .
It is nothing more than a scheme to gain support from more reactionary forces both within the Church ( Opus Dei ) and somewhat estranged from the Church ( SSPX ) .
Two years ago , the New York Daily News interviewed a priest , Reverend Brian Jordan , about the Latin Mass .
He hit the nail on the head when he said ,
For 24 years I have been a member of an endangered species - the Catholic priesthood - and never celebrated the Mass in Latin because there was never a local pastoral need to do so ….
There continues to be no national pastoral need to celebrate the Mass in Latin other than to satisfy a small - albeit very influential - number of disgruntled Catholics .
7
Helping power the push among right - wing Catholicism to shrink and purify the church in the United States is Opus Dei and its Washington , D.C. operative Rev. C. John McClosky .
McCloskey , a former Wall Street executive , is a “ self - described supply - sider ” according to journalist Chris Suellentrop , who “ has a top - down strategy to transform the culture , too .
He wants to turn Blue America into Red . ”
8
McCloskey described his futuristic vision of the moderate and dissent - free Church of 2030 in a Catholic World Report article he published in May 2000 :
“ As you may have learned , there were approximately 60 million nominal Catholics at the beginning of the Great Jubilee at the turn of the century .
You might ask how we went from that number down to our current 40 million .
I guess the answer could be , to put it delicately , consolidation .
It is not as bad as it looks . …
I mean to say only 10 percent of that base assented wholeheartedly to the teaching of the Church and practiced the sacraments in the minimal sense of Sunday Mass and at least yearly confession .
The rest , as was inevitable , either left the Church , defected to the culture of death , passed away , or in some cases at least for a couple of decades , went to various Christian sects , what remained of mainstream Protestantism or Bible Christianity .9
He also gleefully notes that in this future Church , “ Dissent has disappeared from the theological vocabulary .
”
10
The danger that a politically active Opus Dei membership currently represents to both Catholicism and liberal democracy is not from assassinations by imaginary albino monks ( for the record , contra The DaVinci Code , there are no Opus Dei monks ) , but in its very plutocratic attitude in abhorring dissent .
Opus Dei is openly concerned with the economic self - interest of “ friends ” who already have superfluous wealth and power often at the expense of the economically less powerful .
Movement Conservatives
It is no accident that Opus Dei ’s allies in advocating a smaller , more orthodox church are closely aligned with the U.S. Right .
For example , William Donohue , president of the Catholic League , is an adjunct scholar with the Heritage Foundation .
Pizza - franchise magnate Tom Monaghan regularly bankrolls the laissez - faire - oriented Acton Institute as well as orthodox Roman Catholic GOP candidates for public office .
Catholic neoconservatives Michael Novak and the late Richard John Neuhaus were among the founders of the Institute on Religion and Democracy ( IRD ) , where McCloskey has served as an advisor .
This is significant because , as Frederick Clarkson wrote in The Public Eye , IRD brings both right - wing politics and conservative theology to mainline Protestant denominations .
It has always “ intended to divide and conquer — and diminish the capacity of churches to carry forward their idea of a just society in the United States — and the world .
” 11 In this way , Roman Catholic elements involved in IRD not only sought to hobble the major Protestant churches which had become more politically and socially liberal during the 20th century , but also to divide what they saw as their main competitors for influence and the direction of the culture .
The role of McCloskey and other prominent conservative Catholics in this anti-liberal Protestant agency deeply troubled the late Reverend Dr. Andrew Weaver , a prominent Methodist writer , who called it “ the most grievous breach in ecumenical good will between Roman Catholics and Protestants since the changes initiated by Vatican II .
” 12 Indeed , the agenda advanced and the tactics used by IRD and its allies against the mainline Protestant churches as detailed by Clarkson , Weaver , and others are also evident in the battles in Roman Catholicism , and involve some of the same fractious groups and individuals .
While fractious may fairly describe the activities of McCloskey and his ilk both religiously and politically , that may be a radical understatement .
McCloskey makes it quite clear that if the United States as we know it must be ripped apart in order to achieve his ideal world of orthodox Catholicism , so be it .
For example , in his Church of 2030 manifesto , he refers to his fantasy of a new country called “ the Regional States of North America , ” a place where the separation of church and state and the freedom of conscience have been abolished :
[ A ] final short and relatively bloodless conflict produced our Regional States of North America .
The outcome was by no means an ideal solution but it does allow Christians to live in states that recognize the natural law and divine Revelation , the right of free practice of religion , and laws on marriage , family , and life that reflect the primacy of our Faith .
With time and the reality of the ever - decreasing population of the states that worship at the altar of “ the culture of death , ” perhaps we will be able to reunite and fulfill the Founding Fathers of the old United States dream to be “ a shining city on a hill . ”
[ Emphasis added ]
Garry Wills observed of such revisionist history that what McCloskey is doing here is trying to sell the Founders as “ proto - Catholics . ”
Wills further observed in his recent book Head and Heart : American Christianities , that John Courtney Murray ’s idea “ that America was really founded on Catholic principles … would have made Adams and Jefferson snort with derision .
” 13 Adams and Jefferson would find much to snort about because such views are not the exception but are increasingly the rule on the Catholic Right .
Common Ground or War ?
Bishop Robert Finn , head of the Kansas City - St. Joseph diocese - and like McCloskey a member of Opus Dei – recently described Catholicism as “ the Church militant ” and told his audience , “ We are at war . ” 14 The occasion was an address to prolifers at the 2009 Gospel of Life Convention held in Overland Park , Kansas .
His speech was marked by a view that most Americans would find hard to believe were uttered by an American Church leader of the 21st century :
The more dangerous “ human enemies ” in our battle are those who in this age of pluralism and political propriety seek ways to convince us of their sincerity and good will . …
They may propose “ tolerance ” and seem to have a “ live and let live ” approach to all human choices - even if the choice is not to “ let live , ” but actually to “ let die , ” or “ let life be destroyed . ”
These more subtle enemies are of all backgrounds .
They may be atheists or agnostics , or of any religion , including Christian or Catholic .
He went on to denounce those religious liberals , including President Obama , who have sought to identify “ common ground ” between antiabortion and prochoice camps :
This dissension in our own ranks should not surprise us because we all experience some dissension against God ’s law of love within our own heart .
But the “ battle between believers , ” who claim a certain “ common ground ” with us , while at the same time , they attack the most fundamental tenets of the Church ’s teachings , or disavow the natural law - this opposition is one of the most discouraging , confusing , and dangerous .
Finn then directly opened up on Notre Dame University president John I. Jenkins who had invited President Obama , to give the 2009 commencement address :
I suspect that , since Notre Dame will need a scapegoat for this debacle , and Fr. Jenkins will probably lose his job , at this point perhaps he ought to determine to lose it for doing something right instead of something wrong .
He ought to disinvite the President , who I believe would graciously accept the decision .
Notre Dame , instead , ought to give the honorary degree to Bishop John D’Arcy of the Diocese of Fort Wayne - South Bend , who has supported and tried to guide the University , despite their too frequent waywardness , faithfully for 25 years .
This is nothing short of separatist language aimed at taking over the entire institution .
It reflects a certitude and arrogance on a par with the great American preacher Jonathon Edwards , whose 1741 diatribe “ Sinners in the Hand of an Angry God ” defends , in the midst of a complex religious revival he helped spur , the Puritan notion of God ’s elect .
Like 18th century Puritans , today ’s Roman Catholics who see themselves as fundamental , pure , and elect for salvation seek separation from those they see as disobedient via their independent thought .
Springtime for Traditionalism
How , we may ask , would such a Catholic schism affect American Christianity ?
A Protestant friend , Reverend Dan Schultz,15 provided a sober assessment .
“ If it comes to schism , ” Schultz explained , “ Mother Church is going to lose a whole lot more than it gains .
It needs Americans to fund its work in Africa and elsewhere . ”
The clear - thinking United Church of Christ minister added , “ A purge will no doubt strengthen the Episcopalians , Lutherans , perhaps the UCC and unfortunately , the already - swelling ranks of the non-religious . ”
If Schultz is correct , liberals might be tempted to look for possible renewal in mainline Protestantism .
But consider the political implications :
The Catholic Church with its global reach and moral authority would be run by those who would put aside social justice principles and replace them with a greater emphasis upon buccaneer - style laissez - faire economics , ( not to mention such a radical opposition to birth control that they oppose condom distribution and HIV education in areas afflicted with AIDS ) .
The effect on the poor and disenfranchised would be devastating .
But what specific type of rightist policies would such a Church pursue ?
That may depend upon the lay leaders involved in the schism .
I will explore the roles of paleoconservatives and neoconservatives in this fight , their respective agendas , as well as their movers and shakers , in part two .
Video : Explosive erection of duck penis
Battle between the sexes ( Image : Neil Palmer / Rex Features )
The Muscovy duck ’s penis is corkscrew - shaped and can grow up to 40 centimetres long ( Image : Patricia Brennan )
If ever there was a story that illustrated the lengths a male will go to have sex , it is this .
Male Muscovy ducks have a penis up to 40 centimetres long – almost half the length of their body – but that ’s just one of the twists and turns in the story of how female and male ducks try to outsmart each other .
Advertisement
A female Muscovy duck chooses a mate based on her assessment of his courtship and plumage .
But rejected males do n’t give up easily , and can force copulation on unwilling females .
The long , flexible penis helps them do so .
So females have evolved to wrest back control of copulation , says Patricia Brennan at Yale University .
“ The males and females become locked in this arms race , each trying to dominate the outcome .
It ’s fascinating to find such a clear and obvious example of sexual conflict . ”
Do the twist
The male duck ’s penis is spiral - shaped : like a corkscrew , it twists in a counter - clockwise direction so that sperm will target the oviduct on the female ’s left - hand side .
In almost all birds only the left ovary is functional , but in a 2007 study , Brennan and colleagues noticed that in ducks the female ’s vagina twists in the opposite direction .
To see whether these clockwise twists and turns would make copulation more difficult for the male , the group managed to get male ducks to unfurl their penises into glass tubes shaped like a female ’s vagina .
The males found it difficult to evert their penises down the length of the tube – which is what the team reckons happens in the vagina .
Brennan thinks that , while the males are evolving long and flexible penises to help them force copulations , the females are using their complex vaginal anatomy to take back control over which sperm fertilises their eggs .
When a female wants to mate with her chosen partner , she can make the process easier by relaxing the muscles around the vagina entrance .
Brennan ’s team also timed the male ’s penis eversion , which took a mere one - third of a second – around 60 times faster than was previously thought ( see video above ) .
“ This definitely gives the males a mechanism by which they can copulate , ” says Brennan , who was taken aback by the speed .
“ To be totally honest , I ’m still in shock , ” she says .
Locke Rowe , an evolutionary ecologist at the University of Toronto , Canada , says the findings show a good example of antagonistic genital anatomy in animals .
“ This is a good piece of evidence that conflict , rather than confluence , is shaping evolution , ” he says .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the Royal Society B , DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2009.2139
Lamenting the likely outcome of recent revelations that the WHO knowingly and unnecessarily hyped the recent H1N1 influenza panic , WHO Director - General Margaret Chan admitted : " The days when health officials could issue advice , based on the very best medical and scientific data , and expect populations to comply , may be fading . "
The remarks came in Chan 's report to the WHO Executive Board at the biannual meeting of the board in Geneva last week .
They come at the end of a decidedly upbeat report on the WHO 's recent successes that avoids talking about recent allegations that the WHO 's own officials and advisors knowingly and unnecessarily hyped the recent swine flu panic to benefit their big pharma patrons .
In the report , Chan does not mention the recent Dutch parliament investigation into Dr. Albert Osterhaus or the ongoing investigation by the Council of Europe , choosing instead to allude to these ongoing investigations elliptically : " It is natural that every decision or action that shaped the response [ to the H1N1 outbreak ] will likewise be closely and carefully scrutinized . "
She adds somewhat hopefully that " WHO can withstand this scrutiny . "
The WHO 's critics , however , are not so sure .
The Council of Europe , for one , voted in favor of a resolution authorizing an investigation by that body into the H1N1 scare .
The resolution outright accuses the WHO of conspiring with pharmaceuticals manufacturers " in order to promote their patented drugs and vaccines against the flu , " and states that the incident has damaged " the credibility and accountability of important international health - agencies . "
Given the intensity and forthrightness of criticism of the organization , it is doubtful that the organization will escape sanction for its transgressions .
If the Council finds that the pharmaceutical companies have influenced the WHO 's decisionmaking processes in any way , the fallout is likely to be devestating for the organization and its top brass .
Perhaps in an effort to shape the narrative before the investigations make their determination , Chan appears to deflect criticism of the WHO back on to the public : " It may no longer be sufficient to say that a vaccine is safe , or testing complied with all regulatory standards , or a risk is real . "
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
The comments are made in reference to the fact that large numbers of people chose to ignore the WHO 's advice and not take the experimental H1N1 vaccines , leaving country after country after country scrambling to dispose of their excess vaccine stockpiles .
Chan 's comments are disingenuous at best , as the best medical and scientific data did not indicate the vaccines were safe .
As Wolfgang Wodarg explained to L'Humanité , some of the vaccines greenlighted for use included adjuvants that had not previously been approved for use in vaccinations and others , like Novartis ' ' ObtaFlu , ' used experimental manufacturing techniques like growing the virus on live cancer cells .
" It can therefore happen that during the manufacturing process of the vaccine , residue of cancerous cells remain in the preparation , " explained Wodarg .
That there could be valid , scientifically justified reasons for not taking the H1N1 vaccine is not allowed for in Chan 's trite formulation , even despite the fact that the majority of medical professionals in country after country after country indicated their unwillingness to take the vaccine .
Nor does Chan 's statement allow for the fact that many of the vaccines were approved before testing even began , sometimes with approval coming before testing had even been done on the very target population for the vaccine .
In Chan 's formulation , all such misgivings are dismissed as incredulous .
They are chalked up to a " revolution in communications and information technologies , " evidently meaning the ability for people to follow the scientific debate for themselves on the internet rather than wait for official word from the authorities about what is or is not safe .
She then concludes that this recent failure to achieve 100 % vaccination rates presented a " communications challenge " that could be solved by " managing public perceptions . "
Certainly , the public 's perception of such arrogance does play a role in influencing their thinking about organizations like the WHO .
Chan 's own actions are an example of the type of double - standard that often afflicts those who order the public to do what they 're told ; like one - child policy advocate Ted Turner ( who has five children himself ) or carbon reduction advocate Al Gore ( whose household consumes twenty times more energy than the average American ) , it was revealed that Margaret Chan had not bothered to take the H1N1 vaccine herself , citing a busy schedule as an excuse for not having undertaken the twenty second procedure .
Since both Ted Turner and Al Gore have self - serving reasons for taking their hypocritical stances , it would be illogical to conclude that the same cannot be true in Chan 's case .
Of course , Chan 's comments should be taken for what they are : an attempt ( however clumsy ) to derail serious investigation of the WHO 's actions by claiming that the health authorities are always correct .
Assuming the Council of Europe receives the necessary cooperation with its investigation , this idea is likely to be exposed as a patent falsehood in due course .
More worrying than Chan 's transparent attempt to save her own job , however , is the fact that the WHO is not even giving the increased scrutiny of its actions pause for thought .
Instead , as we reported last week , the organization is contemplating a vast increase in its budget , scope and authority .
Alluding to the WHO 's audacious plan to implement global taxes in order to expand its operations overseas , Chan tells the Executive Board : " Last week , I convened an informal consultation of experts to look at the future of financing for WHO . "
She fails to mention that one of the members of the Expert Working Group in question has now publicly claimed that the group was not fully consulted on all of its supposed recommendations and that the process had been manipulated by big pharma .
By far the most chilling revelation of the entire document comes next .
According to Chan , " Global governance of public health was part of the discussions during that meeting . "
Given the recent attempt to set up global governmental systems on the back of the discredited pseudoscience propounded by the climategate criminals , the calls for global currency from the same criminals who engineered the financial collapse and calls for cross - border military operations by the same politicians who were missing on purpose during the largest military emergency of modern history , even the most gung - ho globalist would have to admit a pattern of fraudsters , felons and criminals backing global government as a way to increase their power , control and personal wealth .
Now that the WHO is attempting to implement global taxes even after they have been exposed as Big Pharma stooges and swindlers only further reinforces the point .
That the WHO is attempting to push through their globalist agenda at this point is either a sign that they have to go all - in on their plan before it is completely exposed or that they think the public is too dumbed - down and self - absorbed to notice what is happening in plain view .
Either way , the question of whether or not the WHO will be able to pull off this global scam is up to the public , who will vote by continuing to support those institutions , media , and governments that perpetuate the status quo or those alternative media figures , politicians and activists who are exposing the truth on these globalist issues .
Saginaw City Hall was packed Monday with protesters calling for the City Council to vote down a six - month moratorium to freeze medical marijuana production and use while leaders rework zoning laws for the drug .
The council later postponed the decision .
They will vote at a 6:30 p.m. Monday , Jan. 11 , meeting at City Hall , 1315 S. Washington .
As of Friday , six people had signed up to speak about the topic .
By Monday's 1 p.m. deadline to sign up for the public speaking session , 28 people registered , although only 22 people spoke .
Protesters as far as Detroit , Clio , Niles and Grand Rapids signed up to speak on the subject .
City Clerk Diane Herman said the long - distance interest likely originated from Web sites calling on medical marijuana advocates to oppose the measure .
Paul Meyer , a Saginaw Township family physician who spoke Monday , said he was n't in favor of medical marijuana before voters state - wide OK 'd legislation in November 2008 that made it legal to grow , sell and use the drug for medical purposes .
That changed when he met patients who showed significant medical progress because of marijuana , he said .
Meyer said the council is opening the door to lawbreaking with the moratorium .
" You 've got to consider the downside , " he said .
" That creates a shortage which could be filled by illegal outside providers .
I do n't think you want that . "
John Roberts , executive director of a pro-medical marijuana group in Saginaw called Tri-City Compassion Club , said the measure would force ill residents into " the black market . "
" I do n't understand why we 're going forth with this , " Roberts said .
" This will only bring on unnecessary lawsuits . "
Some protesters traveled from across the state to speak against the proposal .
Brandy Zinc , a Detroit resident and executive director of the Michigan Medical Marijuana Association , said the ordinance is " harmful . "
" Why is Saginaw attempting people from having safe and legal access to this , " Zinc said .
" The city of Saginaw would try to step between a doctor and a patient , and a patient and a caregiver .
By placing a moratorium and waiting six months , you are waiting for patients to die . "
Casey Kornoelje said a ski accident in 2007 left him in need of strong pain killers .
Michigan 's law allowing medical marijuana use gave Kornoelje a better alternative to help his pain , the Grand Rapids resident said .
" This is a direct violation of the Michigan Marijuana Act , " he said .
" A majority of the Saginaw County residents passed this proposal .
This proposal does not give the city additional rights to infringe on the rights of patients or on caregivers . "
Monday 's chamber was filled with protesters .
When public speakers finished their talks , the crowd cheered without exception .
Twice , Mayor Greg Branch used his gavel to quiet the group 's applause .
The public addressed the council for about 60 minutes .
City Attorney Thomas H. Fancher said he believes opposition to the move amounts to a misunderstanding of moratoriums and City Hall 's intention for seeking the freeze .
The citywide moratorium — which would go into effect through June 30 — would pause marijuana and marijuana - related sales and growth .
The moratorium does not include residents or businesses with already established ties to medical marijuana , Fancher said .
In other words , a grandfather clause excludes buyers and sellers already in business .
Fancher said that , technically speaking , a resident who registers to use — and , therefore , buy — medical marijuana during the six - month period would be violating the moratorium .
He said City Hall is n't looking to knock down residential doors to catch users in violation , though .
" All we 're really concerned about are these shops , " Fancher has said .
" Right now , the code does n't address them . "
The targeted shops could include businesses that do n't sell the drug but do produce or sell medical marijuana equipment , such as hydroponic appliances and growing lights , he said .
" ( State law ) touches on these but not in a comprehensive way , " he has said .
" We want to address that . "
Fancher said those concerned about the city imposing zoning laws that would supersede the Michigan Medical Marijuana
Act legislation should n't worry , either .
He said municipalities often enforce temporary moratoriums similar to what 's on the council 's table , including freezes on fast food restaurant developments .
The city attorney said officials still are determining how to proceed with developing the zoning changes , but it could include a citizens panel that would provide ideas .
The feud erupted Christmas morning after Sheen , the star of Channel 9’s sitcom sensation Two and a Half Men , flew to Colorado from LA to spend time with wife Brooke Mueller and their twin boys , Max and Bob .
The pair had been living apart and had simmering marital problems .
Soon after Sheen arrived at their $ 7.5 million Aspen chalet , he and Mueller began arguing until Sheen allegedly throttled Mueller , US reports said .
Last night his wife tried to hose down the drama , telling police both had been drinking before the scuffle , according to reports .
Police claimed Sheen blew 0.04 while Mueller registered 0.13 on their blood alcohol tests , celebrity website TMZ reported .
It was unclear why a blood alcohol test was needed .
Sheen was released in the late afternoon after posting $ 8,500 bond and being advised by a county judge on the conditions of his release , she said .
Dasaro declined to name Sheen ’s accuser , citing a department policy prohibiting the identification of potential victims in domestic violence cases .
Aspen attorney Richard Cummins said late Friday that he was representing Sheen in the case .
He declined to name Sheen ’s accuser or discuss details .
A court date was set for Feb .
8 .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A wealthy British Nazi ­sympathiser was behind the theft of the ­infamous sign above the Auschwitz death camp .
The shadowy figure was the intended buyer of the iconic 16 ft - long metalwork – one of the Holocaust ’s most potent symbols .
The sign , stolen two weeks ago , bears the German words “ Arbeit Macht Frei ” – the Nazi motto “ Work Sets You Free ” .
Now a Sunday ­Mirror investigation has ­revealed that the sign – recovered in three pieces by police – was destined for a rich UK collector of Nazi memorabilia , via an extreme - right group in Sweden .
Five Polish men have been arrested by police in Poland , but well - placed ­underworld informants say they were just bit - part players in an operation designed to sneak the sign across Europe to Britain .
“ The collector wanted it as a trophy – and used his neo - Nazi contacts to put word out he was prepared to pay huge money for it , ” a source in Sweden said .
“ Arrangements had been made to hide the sign in a cellar in Stockholm , waiting for the British man to collect .
The plan was to use the British guy ’s money to fund neo -Nazi hate attacks in Sweden . ”
Had the British buyer gone ahead with the deal , his cash could have funded dissident Nazi ­sympathisers in Sweden who are advocating terrorist acts to disrupt this year ’s elections there .
But the operation came unstuck when the crooks panicked at the sudden security clampdown in Poland , prompted by worldwide revulsion at the theft .
The gang fled from the Baltic port of Gdansk and dumped the sign in woods nearby .
It was ­later recovered after a tip - off from a middleman in Stockholm .
Besides the five Poles , police said that “ a European mastermind ” could be arrested after ­evidence gathered through Interpol .
news@sundaymirror.co.uk
Applications for Green Card Renewal / Replacement may be denied for various reasons .
Two of the most common reasons would be criminal activity and adjustment of immigrant category .
Criminal activity means that you committed a crime and are therefore no longer seen as a valuable asset to American society .
However , this is really only applicable to major crimes such as felonies .
Minor crimes such as speeding tickets would probably not result in a denial of a Green Card Renewal / Replacement application .
Adjustment of immigrant category means that your circumstance has changed in such a way that the reason you were granted a green card is no longer applicable .
For example , if you were granted a Green Card through marriage to a US citizen but have since gotten divorced , your application for a Green Card may be denied .
If your Green Card Renewal / Replacement application was denied , you do have an opportunity to ask USCIS to rethink their decision .
You may submit a motion to reopen or a motion to reconsider with the same office that denied your application .
This will cause USCIS to reexamine your case and reconsider their decision .
In the motion to reopen , be sure to clearly state and provide evidence for why your application was wrongly denied and why USCIS should reconsider .
Hirohisa Fujii has been seen as a champion of fiscal restraint
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has said he does not want his finance minister , Hirohisa Fujii , to resign .
Earlier reports suggested Mr Fujii 's resignation had been accepted .
Mr Fujii , 77 , is an experienced backer of fiscal discipline .
It would be a blow to Mr Hatoyama , who took office in September , if he left , analysts say .
The prime minister has promised to shift Japan to the left after half a century of conservative dominance by the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) .
Mr Fujii , who is suffering from high blood pressure , was admitted to hospital last week for tests .
He is one of only a few members of the new government with extensive previous experience of administration .
He has been seen as a champion of fiscal restraint , resisting calls from the ruling Democratic Party 's ( DPJ ) coalition partners for more spending despite Japan 's huge debt , the BBC 's Roland Buerk reports from Tokyo .
The prime minister is already getting a reputation for being indecisive , and is struggling to revive Japan 's frail economy and tackle the vast public debt , our correspondent says .
Mr Fujii had told reporters he was exhausted after weeks of wrangling within Japan 's governing coalition to finalise the budget .
He was reported to have offered his resignation after a cabinet meeting he had left hospital to attend .
Some reports said the government had accepted Mr Fujii 's resignation .
But Mr Hatoyama was quoted on Wednesday as saying that he wanted Mr Fujii to see through his work on the budget .
" But it is a question of his health , so we also have to think about the opinions of the doctors , " he added .
Good news for UK residents as Tesco Mobile partnered with O2 will shortly sell iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS in Tesco Phone Shops and online through Tesco Direct in the UK .
There is no date announced but we expect it to be near Christmas .
O2 which already provide palm pre will now sell iPhone too through Tesco supermarket chains .
This promises a large number of iPhone sales on Christmas , plus we ’re expecting some great deals on iPhone at Christmas .
Tesco will sell iPhone through 100 stores this Christmas and plan to increase the number of iPhone stores to 200 very soon .
The phone will be available as contract as well as pay - as - you - go deals .
O2 having already 2 m mobile customers is expecting a major sales after this release .
Keep visiting Tesco and O2 to stay updated .
prev item prev item
randumb randumb 12 NYC Days of Chrismakwanuvus
top 25 top 25
next item next item
Tis ' the time of the season to recycle content ... well it 's new if you did n't get a holiday card last year ... sorry .
Thanks Shitaki for pulling it down from the mantle and dusting it off .
sort above page content by : date rating comments reverse
Mark Rosentraub , the author of the book “ Major League Losers , ” said that many of the stadium deals included “ revenue bombs , ” with financial traps like balloon payments on debt in later years and sweeteners like the Hamilton County property tax rebate to win public support .
Image
In 1996 , voters approved a sales tax increase to build Paul Brown Stadium as part of a redevelopment project and to keep the Bengals in Cincinnati .
Credit ... Tom Uhlman for The New York Times
In many cases , the architects of the deals are long gone by the time the bill comes due .
“ This is one of the effects of the economic tsunami sweeping through , ” Rosentraub said of the deficits .
The 1996 proposal to build stadiums for the Bengals and the Reds had plenty of proponents .
The economy was growing , Riverfront Stadium was outdated and the Bengals were hinting that they would move , as the Browns had done .
The plan went awry almost from the start .
The football stadium exceeded its budget by $ 50 million , forcing the county to issue more bonds .
Forecasts for growth in the sales tax turned out to be too rosy .
The teams received sweetheart leases .
In 2000 , voters threw out the county commissioners who cut the deal .
That year the sales tax grew 1.8 percent , the first of many years below the 3 percent forecast .
Both stadiums were originally expected to cost $ 500 million combined .
Yet Paul Brown Stadium alone cost $ 455 million and the Great American Ballpark , the Reds ’ home a few hundred yards down the Ohio River , cost $ 337 million by the time it opened in 2003 .
The generous deal for the Bengals has been a sore spot .
The team had to pay rent only through 2009 on its 26 - year lease , and has to cover the cost of running the stadium only for game days .
Starting in 2017 , the county will reimburse the team for these costs , too .
The county will pay $ 8.5 million this year to keep the stadium going .
The Bengals keep revenue from naming rights , advertising , tickets , suites and most parking .
If the county wants to recoup money by taxing tickets , concessions or parking , it needs the team ’s approval .
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama lashed out at Wall Street , calling bankers " fat cats " who do n't get it , in an escalation of tensions with the industry .
Mr. Obama , speaking on the eve of Monday 's meeting with the heads of major banks at the White House , said he would try to persuade bankers to free up more credit to businesses , with the aim of boosting job growth .
But the president also expressed frustration with banks that the government has assisted .
" I ...
Chances are that if you ’re reading this , you ’re something of a video game collector .
It ’s not an easy hobby and certainly not a cheap one .
Like many collectors , my mom gave away all of my old video games back in the 90’s and I ’ve been spending the past several years trying to get my collection back .
So I ’ve decided to write this guide of where to find good deals or rare items .
A note before proceeding , though ; in the interest of brevity , I ’ll occasionally use the term ‘ CIB . ’
It stands for ‘ Complete In Box ’ and in the collecting world , a CIB item is an item that comes with everything it originally came with when it was first sold at retail .
So a CIB copy of Killer Instinct for the SNES would not only include the game , box , and manual , but also the Killer Cuts soundtrack CD .
This place is a goldmine .
I started going to this store back in the late 90’s when it was still a brick & mortar storefront .
Now it ’s a website that ships pretty much everywhere in the world .
It ’s like the Mecca of video game collecting .
Every single wall is filled from floor to ceiling with shelves of games ranging from the Atari 2600 all the way up to the PS3 .
Showcases have rare items like factory sealed titles and the cream of the crop .
Furthermore , eStarland ’s trade - in values destroy anything else out there and unlike other stores , eStarland accepts almost anything gaming related .
Even if it is n’t on the site , the store will give you something for that strange peripheral or rare import .
Although I will tell you that their trade - in policy is strict .
If you send them trash , they wo n’t give you credit .
Some might complain , but it ’s that rigorous quality control that ’s made sure their inventory is in good condition .
Another good thing about eStarland is that the buy and sell values of video games change based on how many they have in stock and how complete the items are .
Prices rise and fall depending on if games have their boxes , manuals , bonus discs , bundled peripherals , and anything else .
Currently , a cartridge only copy of Chrono Trigger for the SNES is $ 54.25 whereas one with the box , manual , and maps would run you $ 91.95 .
It ’s definitely a plus because sometimes I ’ve purchased used games from other online sources that fail to take item completion into consideration .
e Starland also stocks various 3rd party systems like the FC Mobile II ( a portable cartridge - based NES ) , the Retro Gen ( a portable Genesis ) , the Retro Duo ( a 2 - in - 1 NES and SNES console ) , and the FC3 Plus ( a 3 - in - 1 NES , SNES , and Genesis console ) .
They also just got in the FC 16 Go , a portable SNES .
In all my years of shopping at eStarland , I ’ve never received a game that did n’t work and while prices might be higher than something you find on Craigslist or eBay , there ’s a guarantee on all preowned items .
They also do repairs so if you need CD ’s resurfaced or have your PS2 repaired , this is the place to go .
They ’ve even had some ultra rare items like the RX - 78 Sega Dreamcast .
They also have tons of anime and video game figures , statues , artbooks , guidebooks , and merchandise .
If you ’re near Fairfax , Virginia , I suggest you stop by the store .
If not , I suggest you hit up the website .
Believe it or not , you can find a lot of good stuff here .
The selection is n’t spectacular or as varied as eBay , but there ’s the protection and security of having Amazon.com as the middle man .
Of course , you have to buy from sellers with good ratings , but there ’ve been occasions where I ’ve purchased low priced used games and received brand new ones instead .
I actually ordered a copy of Rez for the PS2 for about $ 20 and received a brand new copy .
I ’m kinda miffed seeing as I wo n’t be able to play it , but it can happen to anyone .
Amazon is n’t the best site for the rarer items , but if you ’re a PS2 collector , you can find almost every game you need here and chances are someone somewhere is trying to get rid of a copy .
Prices range from outrageously cheap to outrageously expensive , so make sure you do your research before buying .
This is where most people go and you ca n’t blame them .
The rarest video game collectibles ever sold were all sold on eBay .
A gold version of the 1990 Nintendo World Championship cartridge ( one of 26 ) sold for $ 13,600 in December 2009 and thousands of rare imported games and merchandise are being auctioned off from China and Japan .
You ’ll definitely be stumbling across stuff that you did n’t even know existed .
A few things you need to be aware of , though .
Buying from low rated sellers is extremely risky .
You might receive anything from bootlegs to the wrong item to absolutely nothing .
eBay does a relatively good job of protecting you , but the best protection is to only purchase from power sellers or people with high seller ratings .
Price - wise , like Amazon , there are sellers who both under - and overprice their stuff .
In the end it ’s really all about how much you ’re willing to spend on the particular item you ’re after .
This site is particularly useful if you ’re after imports both new and old .
There ’s even an option to ask them to track and item down for you .
I primarily use Play - Asia for video game soundtracks .
They have everything from original sound versions to orchestral and symphonic covers and even live albums .
You wo n’t find all of the video game music you want here , but standards like Final Fantasy are readily available , even music from the older games .
They ’ve got a quite a few figures , statues , and artbooks as well , but with the company being based in Hong Kong , shipping can be extremely high for larger items .
You ’ll also find all of those handhelds like the GP2X Wiz ( which Elder - Geek reviewed ) and the Gopher Handheld Sega Mega Drive , which is surprisingly cheap and has 20 built - in SEGA titles .
Garage Sales
Let me tell you a story .
It was a Saturday in August and I awoke at the ungodly hour of 8 AM to drive 20 minutes out to a garage sale I had read about on Craigslist .
The posting said that there would be video game items , so despite the fact that I ’d been let down before , I went anyway .
I returned home overjoyed because I snagged a working Virtual Boy with the stand and eyepiece plus Wario Land CIB and Mario Tennis cartridge only for only $ 5 .
The fact of the matter is that if some mother is putting her kid ’s old video games out on the lawn , she has no idea what they ’re worth and that ’s how video game collectors get off–on the ignorance of others .
Anyone who puts stuff on the lawn for passers by to purchase is n’t trying to make money .
If someone is being a stickler about a price , keep in mind that you ’re doing them a favor by helping them get rid of their junk .
And never let them think it is n’t junk .
But of course , you win some , you lose some .
Most times if you stop by a garage sale you ’ll find yet another box of Genesis sports games which are absolutely worthless .
But when you do find something rare or even something fun to play , it ’s worth it .
Try driving through wealthy neighborhoods –because those rich people getting rid of video games are the same rich people who bought their kids a Neo Geo AES and a 3DO .
Thrift Stores / Pawn Shops / Craigslist
Speaking of the rich , many times they ’ll try to finagle a tax break by donating a bunch of stuff to places like thrift stores .
Like garage sales , thrift stores are oblivious to the value of video games , as are many of their customers .
However , to reap the rewards of a thrift store , you need to be there the first hour that it ’s open every day of the week because their stock changes daily .
You also need the discipline to rifle through rows upon rows of worthless items to find the diamonds in the rough .
A friend of mine , the bastard , found a black label copy of Vagrant Story for the PS1 for $ 2.95 .
He also snagged a brand new factory sealed copy of Super Mario Bros 3 for the NES for only $ 10 .
It takes a time commitment , but it ’s worth it if you find something extremely rare .
And do n’t avoid the CD or DVD sections , either , because there is nothing like an organization system in thrift stores so you can find PS1 , Dreamcast , and Saturn imports amidst Hilary Duff singles and greatest hits collections and some rarer PS2 titles next to crappy Martin Lawrence comedies .
As for consoles , there ’s no dedicated area for them at most thrift stores so you need to check the toy aisles , the computer aisles , the VCR / DVD / TV aisle , and , believe it or not , the kitchen appliances aisles .
Occasionally people mistake the Model 1 NES for a toaster and I am not joking about this .
CD - i’s and 3DO ’s look just like VCRs and DVD players to most people and mini arcade cabinets and some peripherals like the Super Scope are considered toys .
If you do n’t have the time to spend an hour in a thrift store digging through crap , stopping by a pawn shop might yield a good find , but prices are usually higher and older store owners are often under the impression that all CD ’s and DVD ’s are expensive , which leads to Xbox copies of Tony Hawk ’s Pro Skater 3 being outrageously priced at $ 20 .
As for Craigslist , most of the time it ’s a dead end .
It ’s usually people trying to get rid of crap that may or may not function or even exist .
You have to drive to make pickups and most of the time the quality of what you get is less than spectacular .
Craigslist is best treated as a garage sale where nine times out of ten you ’ll end up going home empty handed .
Occasionally a collector will try to get rid of his stuff there because he does n’t want to go through the hassle of eBay , but those deals are snatched up quickly by people who have the video gaming section of the site bookmarked .
In about a year of Craigslist use , I ’ve only found two good deals .
One was a massive 3DO lot which I later went on to review in episodes of the Elder - Geek Gaming Show and the other was a CIB copy of Lufia II : Rise of the Sinistrals for the SNES for only $ 20 .
Unfortunately , the owner used too much perfume in her house or something along those lines because it reeked for weeks after I bought it .
Family & Friends
When I was a kid , all my friends had video games .
If you did n’t have video games , you were an outcast or at best a Milhouse to another boy ’s Bart .
Decades later , you never know if your friends ’ parents still have all those old video games and you never will know unless you ask .
It ’s polite to offer monetary compensation , but a lot of times you can get the stuff for free .
Exercise tact , however , because you do n’t want to sour a friendship over a CIB copy of Earthbound for the SNES in the large box with the player ’s guide .
Or wait …maybe you do …after all , it ’s pretty damn rare .
The US is seeking to extend its control over the day - to - day running of Afghanistan with the appointment of an international " high representative " in Kabul in an attempt to bypass Hamid Karzai 's much - criticised government .
The initiative , being pushed by the US special envoy , Richard Holbrooke , has caused a split between Washington and its closest Nato allies , who believe it could further undermine the Afghan president 's legitimacy and the United Nations ' role in the country .
The proposal is part of a political strategy designed to accompany the dispatch of US reinforcements due to be announced tomorrow night by Barack Obama and ultimately provide an exit strategy .
The political package under discussion includes the installation of an Afghan chief executive at Karzai 's shoulder in the government and closer international cooperation by a permanent " contact group " .
The measures are designed to overcome the weakness and corruption of the Afghan government that the troops will be fighting to support .
The British foreign secretary , David Miliband , has said the government would fall within weeks if Nato pulled out now .
Some European officials , including senior British figures , argue that the gains in efficiency achieved by appointing an international envoy with vice regal authority would be outweighed by the Kabul government 's further loss of legitimacy .
" This has to be Afghan - owned or it's not going to work , " a top European official said .
European states and Canada have a more positive view of the UN 's performance than the US .
Following his re-election in fraud - ridden elections , Karzai has promised his Nato backers he will a take a tougher line against corruption and has made greater efforts in supplying recruits for the Afghan army and police force whose training and deployment represent the core the exit strategy to be outlined by Obama .
Western governments are sceptical about whether Karzai will be able to reform as quickly as they would like to enable them to withdraw troops , and they are beginning to discuss contingency plans to improve Afghan governance by bypassing the president if necessary .
Foreign ministers from the countries with most troops involved – the US , Britain , Germany , France and Canada – discussed the next steps at Karzai 's inauguration on 19 November .
Holbrooke pursued the issue in visits to Berlin and Paris , and in conversations with British officials last month .
Final decisions will be taken at the London conference on Afghanistan in late January .
Holbrooke in particular believes the UN mission is ineffectual and soft on the Afghan government 's alarming record of corruption .
He is pushing for the appointment of a high representative for the international community , modelled in part on the post of the same name in Bosnia .
He has met resistance from European states and Canada that have more faith in the Norwegian head of the UN mission , Kai Eide .
" This is something Holbrooke is pushing but it's not set in stone yet , " said a senior defence official from a country with troops on the ground .
" It is a way of getting around Kai Eide but some of the allies have a lot of time for Kai .
He has achieved a lot .
He persuaded Karzai to hire some of his better ministers .
He just goes about it in a quiet way . "
A European diplomat portrayed the initiative as an attempt to restore US influence at the heart of the international co-ordination effort after Peter Galbraith , an American diplomat , was forced out of his job as the second - in - command at the UN mission in September because of a personality and policy clash with Eide .
" In a way , the idea of this is to replace Galbraith , " the diplomat said .
The Holbrooke - led campaign against Eide drew support last week from the International Crisis Group .
In a report on Afghanistan 's " crisis of governance " on Wednesday , the independent organisation recommended Eide 's resignation " since he has lost the confidence of many on his staff and the necessary trust of many parts of the Afghan polity " .
Eide 's term ends in March and some European countries have suggested he could be replaced then by a " super-envoy " , perhaps combining the UN post with a Nato civilian role .
The former Lib Dem leader Paddy Ashdown was initially approached for such a job in early 2008 but his appointment was blocked by Karzai .
The appointment of Ashdown or another leading British figure in such a powerful role is still seen in Kabul and some capitals as problematic because of Britain 's imperial history .
Another name mentioned as a possible international high representative is the current US ambassador in Kabul , Karl Eikenberry , but he has recently clashed with the American Nato commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , over whether Washington should send more troops .
Nick Horne , a former UN official in Afghanistan who resigned at the end of October over the failure to achieve political reform , said the new international representative " would have to be someone of international stature " .
" He has to have the full support of the international community , and the confidence of the Afghan people " , Horne said .
Why we do stupid stuff
Prison is a tough place to be , says prison psychiatrist David Krassner .
Krassner helps inmates deal with mental health problems ranging from schizophrenia to the stress of a life sentence .
( Image credit : © Fernando Gregory | Dreamstime.com )
Compared with most animals , we humans engage in a host of behaviors that are destructive to our own kind and to ourselves .
We lie , cheat and steal , carve ornamentations into our own bodies , stress out and kill ourselves , and of course kill others .
Science has provided much insight into why an intelligent species seems so nasty , spiteful , self - destructive and hurtful .
Inside you 'll learn what researchers know about some of our most destructive behaviors .
Editor 's Note :
This list was first published in 2011 and was updated in March 2016 to include the latest studies and new information .
We lie
Participants relied on gossip about others , even when it contradicted their own direct observations .
( Image credit : Dreamstime.com )
Nobody knows for sure why humans lie so much , but studies find that it 's common , and that it 's often tied to deep psychological factors .
" It 's tied in with self - esteem , " says University of Massachusetts psychologist Robert Feldman .
" We find that as soon as people feel that their self - esteem is threatened , they immediately begin to lie at higher levels . "
Feldman has conducted studies in which people lie frequently , with 60 percent lying at least once during a 10 - minute conversation .
And lying is not easy .
One study concluded that lying takes 30 percent longer than telling the truth .
Recent studies have found that people lie in workplace e-mail more than they did with old - fashioned writing .
It 's a whole other matter whether people really mean to lie in many instances .
Figuring that out requires coming up with a complicated definition of lying .
" Certain conditions have to be in place for a statement to rise to the level of a lie , " explains philosophy professor James E. Mahon of Washington and Lee University .
" First , a person must make a statement and must believe that the statement is false .
Second , the person making the statement must intend for the audience to believe that the statement is true .
Anything else falls outside the definition of lying that I have defended . "
However , a study in 2014 found that white lies , for the right reasons , can can strengthen relationships
Animals are also known to be capable of deception , and even robots have learned to lie , in an experiment where they were rewarded or punished depending on performance in a competition with other robots .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Violence
We crave violence
A boxer punching .
( Image credit : stockxpert )
The oldest evidence of human warfare dates back 10,000 years ago .
Skeletons of 27 people show signs of projectile wounds and blunt force trauma .
And so it has been ever since .
Some researchers figure we crave violence , that it's in our genes and affects reward centers in our brains .
However , going back millions of years , evidence suggests our ancient human ancestors were more peace - loving than people today , though there are signs of cannibalism among the earliest pre-history humans .
A study in 2008 concluded that humans seem to crave violence just like they do sex , food , or drugs .
The study , reported in the journal Psychopharmacology , found that in mice , clusters of brain cells involved in other rewards are also behind their craving for violence .
The researchers think the finding applies to human brains .
" Aggression occurs among virtually all vertebrates and is necessary to get and keep important resources such as mates , territory and food , " said study team member Craig Kennedy , professor of special education and pediatrics at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee .
" We have found that the reward pathway in the brain becomes engaged in response to an aggressive event and that dopamine is involved . "
Many researchers believe violence in humans is an evolved tendency that helped with survival .
" Aggressive behavior has evolved in species in which it increases an individual 's survival or reproduction , and this depends on the specific environmental , social , reproductive , and historical circumstances of a species .
Humans certainly rank among the most violent of species , " says biologist David Carrier of the University of Utah .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Stealing
We steal
( Image credit : Hands in hand cuffs image via Shutterstock
Theft can be motivated by need .
But for kleptomaniacs , stealing can be motivated by the sheer thrill of it .
One study of 43,000 people found 11 percent admitted to having shoplifted at least once .
" These are people who steal even though they can easily afford not to , " says Jon E. Grant of the University of Minnesota School of Medicine .
In a study in 2009 , participants either took a placebo or the drug naltrexone — known to curb addictive tendencies toward alcohol , drugs and gambling .
Naltrexone blocks the effects of substances called endogenous opiates that the researchers suspect are released during stealing and which trigger the sense of pleasure in the brain .
The drug reduced the urges to steal and stealing behavior , Grant and colleagues wrote in the journal Biological Psychiatry .
Theft may be in our genes .
After all , even monkeys do it .
Capuchin monkeys use predator alarm calls to warn fellow monkeys to scatter and avoid threats .
But some will make fake calls , and then steal food left by those that scattered .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Cheating
We cheat
A new study indicates who is more likely to be promiscuous based on their personality type .
Few human traits are more fascinating .
While most people would say honesty is a virtue , nearly one in five Americans think cheating on taxes is morally acceptable or is not a moral issue , according to a survey by the Pew Research Center .
About 10 percent are equally ambivalent about cheating on a spouse .
People who espouse high moral standards are among the worst cheats , studies have shown .
The worst cheaters tend to be those with high morals who also , in some twisted way , consider cheating to be an ethically justifiable behavior in certain situations .
Cheating on spouses by celebrities and politicians thought to be moral leaders has become rampant .
The behavior has a simple explanation , experts say : Guys are wired to want sex , a lot , and are more likely than gals to cheat .
The behavior may be particularly likely for men with power .
" People do n't necessarily practice what they preach , " says Lawrence Josephs , a clinical psychologist at Adelphi University in New York .
" It 's not clear to what extent people 's ethical values are actually running what they do or do n't do . "
Experts say there are two main reasons people cheat on their spouses :
Either they bored with their sex life or they are unhappy with their relationship .
A 2015 study found that a person who is economically dependent on their spouse is more likely to cheat than those in a financially equitable relationship .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Clinging to bad habits
We cling to bad habits
Perhaps everything else on this list would be far less problematic if we were not such creatures of habit .
In fact , studies have found that even when the risks of a particular bad habit are well - known , people find it hard to quit .
" It 's not because they have n't gotten the information that these are big risks , " says Cindy Jardine of the University of Alberta .
" We tend to sort of live for now and into the limited future — not the long term . "
Jardine , who has studied why people cling to bad habits , cites these reasons : innate human defiance , need for social acceptance , inability to truly understand the nature of risk , individualistic view of the world and the ability to rationalize unhealthy habits , and a genetic predisposition to addiction .
People tend to justify bad habits , she says , by noting exceptions to known statistics , such as : " It has n't hurt me yet , " or , " My grandmother smoked all her life and lived to be 90 . "
Scroll up to click to the next item : Bullying
We bully
Bully victims show changes in gene activity in their brains , a finding that could explain social anxiety in many victims .
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
Bullying in childhood can leave worse mental scars than child abuse , and being bullied as a teen doubles the risk of depression as an adult , according to two separate studies in 2015 .
Studies have found that half or more of grade - school children experience bullying .
A European study found that children who bully at school are likely to also bully their siblings at home .
That led a researcher involved in the study to speculate that bullying behavior often starts at home .
" It is not possible to tell from our study which behavior comes first , but it is likely that if children behave in a certain way at home , bullying a sibling for instance , if this behavior goes unchecked they may take this behavior into school , " said Ersilia Menesini of the Universita ’ degli Studi di Firenze , Italy .
But bullying is not just child 's play .
One study found that almost 30 percent of U.S. office workers experience bullying by bosses or coworkers , from withholding of information critical to getting the job done to insulting rumors and other purposeful humiliation .
And once it starts , it tends to get worse .
" Bullying , by definition , is escalatory .
This is one of the reasons it ’s so difficult to prevent it , because it usually starts in really small ways , ” says Sarah Tracy , director of the Project for Wellness and Work - Life at Arizona State University .
Experts say to combat workplace bullies , respond rationally , specifically , and consistently .
Why do we do it ?
To gain status and power , psychologists say .
And for some , it may be hard to resist the behavior .
Researchers have seen bullying behavior in monkeys and speculate that the behavior may stretch way back in our evolutionary tree .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Nipping , tucking and plumping
We nip , tuck , plump and tattoo our bodies
Woman receives botox injection .
( Image credit : © Sergiy Palamarchuk | Dreamstime.com )
Americans spent a record $ 13.5 billion on surgical and nonsurgical " aesthetic procedures " in 2014 , the latest year for which data is available .
Some 17 percent of U.S. residents now get cosmetic procedures , the industry estimates .
Some would call it self - edification , of course , or art , or a way to kill time or perhaps rebel against authority .
But in general , and given that people have died from cosmetic surgery procedures , what makes so many people so intent on artificially remaking themselves ?
First , it 's worth noting that while options at the body shop have never been more varied , the practice is ancient , often tied to cults and religions or power and status , and in fact much of the modern nip , tuck , paint , poke and plump procedures are benign compared with some ancient practices .
People have reshaped their heads , elongated their necks , stretched their ears and lips , painted their bodies or affixed permanent jewelry for thousands of years .
Perhaps the strongest motivations nowadays are to be beautiful , however one might define that , or simply to fit in with a particular group .
The lure of beauty can't be denied as a prime motivator to nip and tuck .
Studies have shown that shoppers buy more from attractive salespeople ; attractive people capture our attention more quickly than others ; and skinny people have an easier time getting hired and promoted .
" There 's this idea that if you look better you 'll be happier .
You 'll feel better about yourself , " says psychologist Diana Zuckerman , president of the National Research Center for Women & Families .
" And logically that makes so much sense , because we live in a society where people do care what you look like . "
A sign of the times , as Baby Boomer age : While cosmetic surgery sales sagged during the Great Recession a few years back , wrinkle - blasting laser treatments skyrocketed .
In 2015 , the industry said cosmetic procedures for men were up 43 percent over the past 5 years .
Scroll up to click to the next item : Stress !
We stress out
Americans are feeling more negative about their personal finances than they have in four decades .
( Image credit : Barbara Reddoch | Dreamstime.com )
Stress can be deadly , raising the risk for heart problems and even cancer .
Stress can lead to depression , which can lead to suicide — yet another destructive behavior that 's uniquely human ( and glaringly not on this list ) .
But exactly why we stress is difficult to pin down .
These truths will resonate with many , however :
The modern workplace is a source of significant stress for many people , as are children .
More than 600 million people around the world put in 48 - hour - plus workweeks , according to the International Labor Organization .
And advances in technology — smartphones and broadband Internet — mean a blurring of the lines between work and free time .
About half of Americans bring work home , according to a recent study .
The stress of being a parent while also working is borne out by a 2007 study that found older people feel less stress .
However , research in 2015 found high - stress jobs raise the risk of stroke , and stress can increase the risk of memory problems in older people .
" Many older workers are empty - nesters , " says researcher Gwenith Fisher , an organizational psychologist at the University of Michigan 's Institute for Social Research ( ISR ) .
" They do n't have the same work - personal conflicts that younger and middle - aged workers deal with , juggling responsibilities to children along with their jobs and their personal needs . "
Health experts suggest exercise and adequate sleep are two of the best ways to battle stress .
[ More Tips ]
Scroll up to click to the next item : Gambling
We gamble
Gambling , too , seems to be in our genes and hard - wired into our brains , which might explain why such a potentially ruinous behavior is so common .
Even monkeys gamble .
A study that measured monkeys ' desire to gamble for juice rewards found that even as potential rewards diminished , the primates acted irrationally and gambled for the chance to get a wee bit more .
A study published in the journal Neuron last year found that almost winning activates win-related circuitry within the brain and enhances the motivation to gamble .
" Gamblers often interpret near - misses as special events , which encourage them to continue to gamble , " said Luke Clark of the University of Cambridge .
" Our findings show that the brain responds to near - misses as if a win has been delivered , even though the result is technically a loss . "
Other studies have also shown that losing causes gamblers to get carried away .
When people plan in advance how much to gamble , they 're coldly rational , a study last year found .
But if they lose , rationality goes out the window , and they change the game plan and bet even more .
Scroll up to click to the last item : Gossiping
Gossip
Participants relied on gossip about others , even when it contradicted their own direct observations .
( Image credit : Dreamstime.com )
Gossiping is a social skill , not a character flaw , argues psychology researcher Frank T. McAndrew at Knox College in a 2016 op - ed article .
We humans are evolutionarily set up to judge and talk about others , no matter how hurtful it might be , researchers say .
Here 's how Oxford primatologist Robin Dunbar sees it : Baboons groom each other to keep social ties strong .
But we humans are more evolved , so we use gossip as social glue .
Both are learned behaviors .
Gossip establishes group boundaries and boosts self - esteem , studies have found .
In many instances , the goal of gossip is not truth or accuracy .
What matters is the bond that gossiping can forge , often at the expense of a third party .
People are mostly likely to spread a story if it's about someone familiar to them , and if the story is particularly " juicy , " according to a 2014 study .
" When two people share a dislike of another person , it [ gossip ] brings them closer , " says Jennifer Bosson , a professor of psychology at the University of South Florida .
I receive many questions via email every single day but my # 1 most asked question is …
How long do you think it will take for me to make money with my business ?
Here ’s another common permutation of this same question …
I need to be able to make money in 6 months , can it be done ?
And finally my favorite …
Can I expect to make 100 K in the first year with my online store like you did ?
One year ought to be enough runway right ?
So here ’s the truth .
Brand new entrepreneurs are horrible at predicting how far they can get with their businesses in the short term .
In fact , they often grossly overestimate how much money they can make in their first year .
But on the flip side , they also grossly underestimate how much they can make in 3 + years with their businesses as well .
So anytime a reader or a student asks me any of the above questions , I immediately start to question their commitment and how serious they are about starting a real business .
Why ?
It ’s because when someone asks me how much they can make in 6 months , it usually means that they are only willing to stick it out for 6 months to see if their business idea has a chance .
This is not enough time !
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Starting A Business Requires Long Term Thinking
Starting a business takes commitment .
And I do n’t mean a year or a few years .
When I say commitment , I ’m talking about giving it a go for at least 3 - 5 years .
When my wife and I started our online store , we were in it for the long haul .
Although we set a goal to make 100 K before the baby arrived , we were ready to work at it and keep the store afloat indefinitely until we got the formula correct .
If we did n’t have this mentality , we might have quit at 6 months because sales were not where we wanted them to be .
We were n’t convinced that the store could ever make enough money to supplant my wife ’s income .
We did n’t believe that our market was large enough .
We did n’t think that we could crack the first page of search to get the necessary traffic .
What ’s funny is that we started our online store with this delusion of grandeur that our business would start making decent money within the first 3 months .
After all , we had what we thought was a fool proof strategy .
Our initial plan was to siphon away EBay customers by posting auctions online and steering them over to our online store through links in the auction description .
Then , we would roam the wedding forums and guide customers over to our shop by making recommendations to would - be brides .
But what ended up happening is that we violated EBay ’s terms of service and got our account temporarily suspended for posting external links on auctions .
Furthermore , we repeatedly got banned on the wedding forums for being overly promotional .
There are no shortcuts .
You have to be in it for the long haul .
If you are wondering whether you can start making money right away because you are in a desperate situation , then chances are you lack the resolve to see your business idea through .
Estimating Time , Money And Human Nature
But here ’s what is interesting about human nature .
When my wife and I reached our goal of making 100 K during the end of our first year of business , we were overjoyed .
But at that point we did n’t think we could do it again .
We did n’t think that our business could possibly grow any more .
From our perspective , the business had peaked !
After all , it was a major struggle for us to reach that number in the first place because it involved so much legwork and a little bit of luck .
In fact , we did n’t think that we could achieve the same sales pace ever again .
What we did n’t realize was that the first year was just the tip of the iceberg .
Every year since then , our business has increased in the double and triple digits !
Never in a million years did we think that this could happen .
Which brings me to reiterate my second point .
As humans , we often overestimate what we can accomplish in the short term , but we vastly underestimate what can be done in the long run .
When I first started MyWifeQuitHerJob.com , I was hoping to start making significant money within a year of launch .
Even though I started my blog with a 5 year plan towards profitability , I full on expected to be making at least 5 figures by the end of year 1 .
But in reality , it was n’t until well into year 3 when I started to see hockey stick growth .
Today , the blog is practically growing on autopilot .
When I first launched my Create A Profitable Online Store course , I was only hoping to sign on about 30 students .
But today , I have over 70X that amount and the course ’s growth continues to surprise me !
Setting The Right Expectations
The key to running any successful business is to set the right expectations and the right level of commitment .
When my wife and I began our online store in 2007 , we full on planned to still be in business in 2012 .
When I started my blog in the end of 2008 , I full on planned to still be blogging 5 years later .
When I launched my “ Create A Profitable Online Store ” course in 2011 , I made a long term commitment to continuously add content to the course for many years to come .
Even though the course started out with practically no content , today I have well over 100 hours of video in the course and a 400 page PDF ebook to show for it .
And the best part is that the course continues to grow and evolve !
Most people quit their businesses within their first year .
If you are n’t willing to devote at least 3 - 5 years to your business , do n’t even bother .
Why ?
Because most of the wealth and the profits are to be had well after your first year .
Expecting your business to be vastly profitable within a short time frame is a half assed way to think about your business .
Let ’s be realistic .
During the first year of any online business , your website is probably not going to have superior search engine placement .
Your business probably wo n’t have a large customer base .
Your business probably wo n’t have much name recognition .
It takes time for word of mouth to spread .
It takes time for things to snowball .
Looking back at my blog , I did n’t think that I was getting anywhere at all after year 1 .
But after doing this for 7 years now , I look back and am completely amazed at how far I ’ve come .
Change Your Mindset
Here ’s the biggest problem that I see with most people .
They expect to make a significant amount of money in under a year and then they give up when they do n’t reach their goal .
I ’ve had several students in my course give up early and even had an extremely talented student give up on his online store after just 6 months !
The first year is going to be tough and the most awkward .
After all , you know nothing during your first year .
Even if you have a great mentor or teacher , you still may not be able to absorb everything right away .
So you ’ll make mistakes … but that ’s fine !
That first year is also when you ’ll be having the most fun because you ’ll be learning a heck of a lot .
Year 1 should not be your end game .
Instead , you should treat year 1 as your learning year and expect to reap the rewards in the years ahead .
In a recent survey conducted among students in my Create A Profitable Online Store Course , 56 % of students in my class who launched a product and stuck it out for a full year are now making AT LEAST 4 figures per month .
One of the most unfortunate aspects of human nature is that we all love shortcuts .
We all love to believe that we can strike it rich in just 6 months .
Do n’t get me wrong .
It ’s still possible to make a good chunk of change during your first year but you should go into it expecting to commit at least 3 - 5 years .
Avoid The Easy Short Term Money
Now if you ’re going to commit to a business for 3 - 5 years , you also want to make sure your business model has long term potential .
Everywhere you look , there are a number of “ make quick cash ” types of schemes out there on the Internet .
And yes , some of these might actually work but only in the short term .
For example , there ’s a popular scheme right now where people buy up goods on Amazon and sell them on EBay at higher prices and lots of people are making money this way .
But do you think this “ business model ” can last ?
Most people are attracted to businesses that are “ as easy as possible to make money ” but I ’m the complete opposite .
The harder it is to start your business , the more lasting power it will have .
The more value you can add , the more money you will make .
So before you choose an online business model , ask yourself how you are adding value .
Is buying up surplus goods online and selling them on Amazon providing more value than coming up with your own branded products to sell ?
Are you spending all of your time trying to make short term money that will never scale ?
Before you decide what to do , make sure you check out my post on the pros and cons of 8 different ecommerce business models and choose wisely .
Striking A Balance
The key to finding the right business to pursue is to avoid randomly pulling yourself in all directions at once .
Do n’t throw up a bunch of businesses , give them a go for 6 months as a trial and then take them all down because they are n’t working out .
You should go into every business venture with a full commitment to put your best foot forward .
Are you still going to want to be running this business in 3 - 5 years ?
If you do n’t think you ’ll be able to maintain your interest for that long , then do n’t even bother .
What you want to avoid is starting over every 6 months .
If this is happening to you , then you are n’t committed and you are calling it quits without giving your business a chance to grow into something bigger .
Remember , most of the profits for your business are going to occur after 3 - 5 + years so make sure that you pick something that you are willing to maintain for at least that long .
Take Time Out Of The Equation
In fact once you ’ve decided what you want to do , take “ time ” out of the equation altogether .
Do n’t give yourself ANY artificial constraints on how well you need to perform in a given time frame .
Instead , make your business a part of your daily or weekly routine .
That ’s right .
Set aside some time , the same time , every day or week to work on your business .
Do n’t even think about it .
Just work on it on a regular basis and tell yourself that you are going to maintain this routine FOREVER !
This way , your business will be a part of your life and time becomes irrelevant .
photo credit : Cyber Monkey swahili sunset Sun setting over Deception Bay - 1= Clever Cogs !
We buy cars for cash sign , 9/2016 , Brooklyn , NY , Pics by Mike Mozart of TheToyChannel and JeepersMedia on YouTube .
# Buy # Cars # Cash
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
With all the cold , snow and post - Xmas / NewYear traumas out there , I think it is up to us , bloggers , to put the spank back in the world ;-) So get out of your chair and onto your stick , eberiebodie , and join Frostie , the 20 - year - old Cockatoo , in good company from the Blues Brothers .
Shake it babeeeh !
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australia experienced its hottest decade on record from 2000 to 2009 due to global warming , the nation ’s bureau of meteorology said on Tuesday , as annual summer bushfires again burn drought lands and destroy homes .
Australian farmer John Weatherstone inspects his cattle on his drought - affected property near the southern - tablelands city of Goulburn , located 200 km ( 124 miles ) southwest of Sydney February 2 , 2007 .
The U.N. climate panel issued its strongest warning yet on Friday that human activities are heating the planet , putting extra pressure on governments to do more to combat accelerating global warming .
REUTERS / David Gray
The average temperature in Australia over the past 10 years was 0.48 degrees Celsius above the 1961-1990 average , said the Bureau of Meteorology said in its annual climate statement .
And 2010 is forecast to be even hotter , with temperatures likely to be between 0.5 and 1 degrees above average .
“ We ’re getting these increasingly warm temperatures , not just for Australia but globally .
Climate change , global warming is clearly continuing , ” said bureau climatologist David Jones .
“ We ’re in the latter stages of an El Nino event in the Pacific Ocean and what that means for Australian and global temperatures is that 2010 is likely to be another very warm year -- perhaps even the warmest on record . ”
Environment Minister Peter Garrett used the report to attack opposition politicians for blocking the government ’s key climate policy , a carbon emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) aimed at reducing greenhouses gases causing global warming .
“ Australia is one of the hottest and driest inhabited places on earth and our environment and economy will be one of the hardest and fastest hit by climate change , ” said Garrett .
“ Today ’s statement finds that the patterns of the last year and the decade are consistent with global warming .
It ( passing the ETS ) is in the national interest and it is in the interest of the world , ” he said in a statement .
The government has promised to reintroduce its ETS legislation to parliament in February , a move which may trigger an early election in 2010 if the legislation is again defeated .
An election is due in late 2010 .
EXTREME BUSHFIRES , HEATWAVES
The year 2009 will be remembered for “ extreme bushfires , dust - storms , lingering rainfall deficiencies , areas of flooding and record - breaking heatwaves , ” said the bureau .
In fact , 2009 was Australia ’s second warmest year on record , with the annual mean temperature 0.90 degrees Celsius above the 1961 - 1990 average , driven by three record - breaking heatwaves that caused Australia ’s most deadly bushfires , killing 173 people .
“ To get one of them in a year would have been unusual .
To get three is just really quite remarkable , ” said Jones .
Outback Australia was warming more quickly than other parts of the country , with some inland areas warming at twice the rate of coastal regions , said the bureau .
But as Australia warmed , with large tracts of the country battling a decade - long drought , the northern part of the country was becoming wetter , said the bureau .
Floods now cover large parts of northern New South Wales state and the tropical state of Queensland .
“ Australia as a whole has been getting warmer for about 50 - 60 years and it ’s actually been tending to get wetter , ” said Jones .
“ You see this paradox -- the country , particularly in the north , it ’s getting wetter but is also warming up . ”
( Source : Bureau of Meterology here
e/20100105.shtml )
To read in - depth articles on Australasian carbon risks and opportunities , visit Carbon Central - Australia 's Climate Change Hub ( here ) , which brings together several of Australia 's leading climate - change advisers and solution - providers in one place .
Hi .
I ’ve noticed you around these parts a lot .
I made you some cookies .
I ’m glad you ’re here .
Maybe we could sit down and you could shell out some advice .
I just have one question .
Gimme your gut .
What ’s it thinkin’ ?
This might seem silly , but what else is new ?
I really need your help with this .
Couch .
Should I buy a couch ?
Just the thought of a real life couch in my little apartment gives me all sorts of unreasonable anxiety .
Yeesh .
I thought I would only buy a couch … a big fluffy couch … when I was an adult and I had my life aaaaaaaallllllll figured out .
Well …
I ’m pretty darn sure I ’m an adult , and I ’m pretty darn sure I ’ll never actually have it all figured out ….
so I might just need to buck up and buy the darn couch , right ?
Couch .
It ’s just a couch .
Somehow … it seems like so much more .
What do you think ?
I ’ll trade you your thoughts for these ridiculously good cookies .
Deal ?
Deal .
There are a few things you should know about these cookies …. wait !
Do you know what dulce de leche is ?
Dulce de leche is like a thick , milky , caramel sauce .
It ’s made when sweetened milk is slowly cooked and boiled down to deliciousness .
I buy the jarred stuff because it makes my life easier .
This recipe from Dorie Greenspan makes one whole heck of a lot of cookie dough .
Phew !
This recipe makes about 30 sandwich cookies .
That ’s a lot .
Even with the dulce de leche , brown sugar and granulated sugar , these cookies are n’t as sweet as you might think .
Surprising … I know .
I added a bit of sea salt on top of the dulce de leche I spread into the sandwich cookies .
Amazing !
The one small downside to these cookies ?
They sure are n’t as pretty as I wanted them to be ….
but oooh so delicious .
FTW , this is the coolest halloween costume I ’ve seen this season .
We ca n’t say we actually watch many movies on television .
Not because we do n’t enjoy films , because we do .
But you often get a bastardized version of the film on broadcast television filled with commercials and edited content , both in sight and sound .
Sometimes it makes you wonder if its even the same film .
We do n’t consider ourselves movie snobs , but we ’d rather just have the real thing .
Though there ’s a strange hypocrisy when networks keep in all the violence , but deem it necessary to edit out even the mildest curses .
Still , occasionally you come across some re-dubbing of a profane line or lines that leads to unintentional hilarity .
And those moments stick with you .
The Powers that Be were not content to substitute freak for every f-bomb , they instead went above and beyond in a whole different direction .
Would n’t you want to be that guy who comes up with the most absolutely idiotic re-dubbing for inappropriate movie language ?
Here are eleven ( we could n’t decide which one to cut ) classic examples with a few goodies at the end :
** Obvious Warning : NSFW Language Ahead **
11 ) The Breakfast Club – 1985
Original Line : “ Do you slip her the hot beef injection ? ”
Edited Line : “ Did you slip her the hot wild affection ? ”
Really , take your pick on this one .
Like Judd Nelson ’s extended “ Flip me ?
No , dad , flip you ! ” speech .
Or the “ Dim you !
Dim you ! ” edit .
10 ) National Lampoon ’s Vacation – 1983
Original Line : “ Fuck yo mama ! ”
Edited Line : “ Man , who do I look like , Christopher Columbo ? ”
Different , but maybe not that out of left field .
9 ) The Usual Suspects – 1995
Original Line : “ Hand me the keys , you fucking cocksucker ! ”
Edited Line : “ Hand me the keys , you fairy godmother ! ”
Yes , this really happened .
And for all five suspects :
8 ) Do The Right Thing – 1989
Original Line : “ Motherfucker ”
Edited Line : “ Mickey Fickey ”
Pretty much throughout the movie .
Not overly original , but a true classic
7 ) The Big Lewbowski – 1998
Original Line : “ This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass ! ” and “ Do you see what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass ? ”
Edited Line : “ This is what happens when you fight ( or find ) a stranger in the Alps ” and “ Do you see what happens when you fix a stranger scrambled eggs ” .
You might also see : “ This is what happens when you pump a stranger ’s gas ” substituted in there .
Really great stuff .
Talk about a non sequitur in an otherwise finely strange film .
6 ) Mallrats – 1995
Original Line : “ Jesus , how much did you smoke ?
All it took was a phat , chronic blunt .
These guys were lightweights . ”
Edited Line : “ Jesus , how much did you smoke ?
All it took was a phat , karate punch .
These guys were lightweights . ”
Sounds much like a nice Hawaiian Punch .
That might also lead to two guys unconscious on the floor .
5 ) Casino – 1995
Original Line : “ Fuck me ?
Fuck me ?
You motherfucker ! ”
Edited Line : “ Forget me ?
Forget you , you mother forgetter ! ”
This Martin Scorsese film uses the word “ fuck ” 398 times .
That ’s $ 106,629 per fuck !
Or something like that , I would n’t check my math .
But you can imagine a number of bizarre edits , particularly when Pesci goes off on one of his tirades .
Here ’s the edited desert scene just for your enjoyment :
4 ) The Exorcist – 1973
Original Line : “ Your mother sucks cocks in Hell , Karras , you faithless slime . ”
Edited Line : “ Your mother sews socks that smell , you faithless slime . ”
Almost good enough to be on Wilmer Valderrama ’s Yo Mamma .
Actually , it probably was good enough .
Still , it ’s utterly preposterous .
3 ) Scarface – 1983
Original Line : “ Where ’d you get the beauty scar , tough guy ?
Eatin ’ pussy ? ” and “ This town like a great big pussy just waiting to get fucked ”
Edited Line : “ Where ’d you get the beauty scar , tough guy ?
Eatin ’ pineapple ? ” and “ This town like a great big chicken just waiting to get plucked . ”
Who knew of the dangers of eating pineapple ?
True , these are two separate distinct lines .
But converting the ultraviolent , profane Scarface into a network - friendly film is sure to uncover a few gems .
So we could n’t leave either out .
2 ) Snakes on a Plane – 2006
Original Line : “ Enough is enough !
I have had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane ! ”
Edited Line : “ Enough is enough !
I have had it with these monkey fighting snakes , on this Monday to Friday Plane ! ”
The genius of replacing motherfucking with two different phrases in one line .
Just in case you wanted some audio-visual proof :
1 ) Die Hard / Die Hard 2 – 1988 / 1990
Original Line : “ Yippee - ki- yay , motherfucker !!! ”
Edited Line : “ Yippee - ki-yay , Mr. Falcon !!! ”
The edited version has gone through a few variations , ranging “ melon farmer ” to “ my friend ” , but Mr. Falcon takes the cake and is a true classic dub-over .
Can it ever be topped ?
No movie clip , but this will work :
Okay , that may have been eleven examples , but we ’re not quite done yet .
Here are some great skits mocking the edited for television craze .
First , Mr. Show in all it ’s brilliance :
… and how about a British take on things :
Finally , here is a video compiling many of our favorites listed above , with some other classics mixed in :
by Doug Vance on November 20 , 2009
Once upon a time , populations were n’t diverse , at least not anywhere near to the forced extent they are today .
Some of these non-diverse populations started to think of ways to avoid conflict among themselves , which included thinking about ending fratricide .
One consequence of the development of humanist philosophy during the Renaissance was the increased emphasis on the importance of education .
about
Later , these same populations began to take in different newcomers from all over the planet .
At first , they treated these people as tools beneath the level of beasts or as funny exotic oddities .
Then , guilt wormed its way in through various channels and the opposite ludicrous extreme occured as a call went out to insist everybody was a supremely dignified The Same .
In a ranking of 50 states and D.C. by how much each spent per pupil in public schools in 2005 , New York ranked first ; D.C. third .
The state spent $ 14,100 , and New York City just a tad less .
And the bountiful fruits of this massive transfer of taxpayersâ€™ wealth ?
Still later , cognitive dissonance began to seep in between the widening cracks .
We wanted to keep insisting everyone is the same because like defecating is the ugly outcome of attractive feasting , conflict is the ugly half of our interactions .
The socially polite assertions , a desperate clenching of the gluteus maximus to keep unattractive reality concealed , kept blaring out of the televisions , movie theaters , preacher ’s pulpits , teacher ’s podiums , politician ’s soapboxes and newsman ’s microphone , all the while conflicting with the empirical results back in the real world .
Bodily toxifying within , because nature will not be resisted only delayed in vain , society pukes forth the ugly nonetheless :
Yet last week came a report from New York that makes D.C look like M.I.T .
Some 200 students , in their first math class at City University of New York , were tested on their basic math skills .
Ninety percent could not do basic algebra .
One - third could not convert a decimal into a fraction .
takimag
The answer is less likely found in equally educating with blindness to differences which is on the inside a rotten excuse to not bother with people on an individual basis due to sheer population numbers today .
The excuse ’s more marketable , friendlier face is called Equal Treatment .
The more likely solution is identifying some best fit vocational path choices on an individual basis .
To manage this , since mass social programs alone are generating a lot of mediocre life stories at best , parents themselves would need better tools , possibly including Myers - Briggs typology to identify the individual features of their own children for improved guidance .
Society itself needs to stop insisting that In America , Anyone Can Be President , CEO , groundbreaking scholar , or musical genius because the reality was always that only the rare few get to rise above the rest .
Because equality was always no more than comforting illusion , the rest of us in all our great numbers are lost to history forever .
I believe we can choose to be adult enough to accept this understanding of our own limitations , ditch the collective ego drama culture , and move on to things better in life than fantasy delusions of humanistic grandeur .
Tags : cognitive dissonance , liberalism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
… and we will all pay for it .
Today it has been made public that the TSA ’s detailed airport security procedures manual has been posted to the Internet .
The TSA was putting out some services to bid , and posted what they believed to be a redacted version of the document .
Well it turns out that the redaction technique they chose was ineffective .
Now that everyone can see TSA ’s airport screening procedures in detail , they will have to resort to more pat - downs , wand scans , and body scans .
Procedures for identifying CIA , air marshalls , and law enforcement personnel may need to change as well .
Some of the details revealed in the procedures include :
The size of wires that can pass through magnetometers without setting alarms
Procedures used for screening liquids
Items that do not require extra screening such as wheelchairs and casts
Procedures for verifying the identity of CIA , NSA , air marshalls , and other law enforcement personnel
See my earlier posting on redaction here .
Proper redaction of sensitive data in electronic documents is more than just covering up sensitive words and images .
Instead , sensitive information is actually removed and replaced with solid black , so that the redacted text or images are not merely “ underneath ” it .
I suspect that the NSA merely “ covered ” sensitive items without actually removing them from documents .
[ picapp align = ” right ” wrap = ” false ” link=” term=tsa&iid=3702199 ″ src=”c/9/9/e/New_Airport_Security_d307.jpg?adImageId=8254188&imageId=3702199 ″ width = ” 234 ″ height = ” 236 ″ /]
News stories here :
CNN
Yahoo News
Washington Post
New York Times
MacRumors has found a new Apple job listing seeking an iPhone Software Engineer to join the iPhone and iPod Touch Maps team with the goal of taking the iPhone 's built - in Maps App to " the next level " :
We want to take Maps to the next level , rethink how users use Maps and change the way people find things .
We want to do this in a seamless , highly interactive and enjoyable way .
We 've only just started .
The specificity of the job description is somewhat unusual for Apple , and particularly interesting given recent events .
Apple and Google have increasingly become competitors in the mobile space while Google 's mapping data remains an integral part of the iPhone 's Maps application .
Google has recently stepped up even further with the introduction of many new features for their Android mapping application .
This included advanced features such as plain english search , voice search and more .
Although Apple and Google are said to be working on bringing the same technology to the iPhone , there 's been evidence that Apple is working on their own mapping technology .
Apple recently acquired a mapping company called Placebase which had been known for differentiating itself from Google 's offerings .
The former CEO of Placebase is now part of the " Geo Team " at Apple , which has led to speculation that Apple is looking to separate itself from their dependence on Google maps .
The 7 Psychological Principles of Scams : Protect Yourself by Learning the Techniques
How hustlers trick 3.2 million people each year in the UK into handing over £ 3.5 billion .
Good hustlers are excellent intuitive psychologists .
Just like magicians they understand enough about how the mind works to exploit its vulnerabilities .
Our fascination with hustlers is insatiable and , despite being criminals , they are frequently portrayed by Hollywood in a flattering light , in films like The Sting , Catch Me If You Can and the Ocean ’s Eleven trilogy .
Of course the reality is nowhere near as romantic , especially if you ’ve fallen for one of the cons .
Frank Stajano , a security expert at Cambridge University , has been working with Paul Wilson , a scam artist and author of BBC TV’s The Real Hustle to identify the 7 major psychological principles used in short cons to part people from their cash ( Stajano & Wilson , 2009 ; PDF , 308K ) .
1. Distraction
Attention is like spotlight , which means when it ’s pointing in one direction it pretty much ignores everything else .
Except people do n’t realise how little information coming in from the outside world we actually process .
Naturally you do n’t notice what you do n’t notice , plus the mind is designed to fill in the gaps for us .
But hustlers do know and almost every con uses some kind of distraction .
The classic example is ‘ Three - card Monte ‘ sometimes called ‘ Find the Lady ’ , a rigged card game in which the aim is to find one card out of three after the hustler shuffles them around .
At the heart of this hustle is the orchestration of a crowd of onlookers who the mark ( that ’s you and me ) thinks are all fellow punters , but who are actually in on the game .
Marks are distracted by the situation in the street — the banter , laughter and excitement — and do n’t realise the whole thing is a setup : no matter what the mark thinks they know , there is no way to win .
The hustler is always one step ahead .
Stajano and Wilson call Three - card Monte ‘ polite mugging ’.
2. Social compliance
The classic study showing how compliant we are , especially when told to do things by an authority figure , was carried out by Stanley Milgram .
Hustlers know all about this and happily exploit our automatic deference to authority figures .
People will hand over credit cards to people they think are waiters , car keys to people they think are car park attendants and give access to their house to people they think are from the water board .
The best known online example is a ‘ phishing attack ’ where people give fraudsters their bank details in response to an email that purports to be from their bank .
3 . Herd principle
People are sheep : they ca n’t help following each other .
The classic study on conformity was conducted by Solomon Asch in the 1950s showing that people will deny evidence from their own eyes to fit in with others .
In the Three - card Monte con , the crowd of shills around the game creates the herd for the mark to follow .
Online there are all kinds of tricks people can use to make others think there is a herd when actually there is only one person .
The practice of ‘ astroturfing ’ means creating multiple online identities to fake grass - roots support for a politician .
In peer - to - peer networks the multiple identities created by people trying to influence them are known as Sybils .
Whether online or offline , though , groups exert an enormous influence over us .
4. Dishonesty
Fear is the mind - killer .
Hustlers know that people are fearful and play on this fact .
Some cons involve selling goods to marks that are used for illegal purposes .
For example one scam described by Stajano and Wilson involves selling people ‘ cancelled banknotes ’ , actually just pieces of paper which have been spray - painted , then telling marks they have an amazing gadget which will clean off the ink and make the notes usable again .
Marks are discouraged from reporting the scam because they would be implicating themselves and the hustler wins both ways .
5. Deception
People are easily tricked , even when they think they are being careful .
Hustlers take advantage of the fact that most people go along with their expectations of what will happen in any given situation .
If the hustler ’s behaviour fits the situation then people will accept what they say .
One classic is ‘ van dragging ’ where hustlers target a warehouse from which they want to steal the goods being delivered .
They hang a sign saying the door is broken and those delivering should call a number .
The hustlers , hiding nearby , answer and steal all the goods from the delivery driver , all the while complaining that they ’ve called the locksmith and he has n’t turned up yet .
The delivery driver often helps the hustlers load their van .
6. Need and greed
Once hustlers know what people want , even if it does n’t exist , they are in a position to manipulate them .
They will play on people ’s desperation ; unfortunately the more desperate people are , the easier they are to con .
A classic short - con that works people ’s greed is the ‘ ring reward rip - off ’ .
A female hustler enters a bar and shows - off a new ring to the barman ( the mark ) claiming it cost thousands ( actually it ’s a cheap fake ) .
The female hustler leaves to be replaced by a male accomplice .
The female hustler then rings the barman to say she lost her ring .
The male hustler then claims to have found it but asks if there ’s a reward .
Over the telephone the female gives a price but the barman realises he can make a profit so tells the male hustler a much lower price .
The barman hands over the money and , of course , neither of the hustlers are seen again .
This con relies on the barman ’s greed or it wo n’t work .
In reality it works surprisingly often .
7 . Time pressure
A classic study of how people make decisions under time pressure demonstrates what hustlers already know : when there ’s no time to think people rely on short cuts and emotional responses to a situation .
So hustlers make sure the mark is under time pressure so they will respond in a predicable fashion , i.e. by being greedy , or giving in to the herd principle , or by bending to the will of an authority figure .
Who are the marks ?
And if you think no one falls for these tricks then think again .
A recently published UK report found that each year 3.2 million people in the UK fall for mass marketed scams ( OFT , 2009 ) .
That ’s 5 % of the population , each year .
Collectively they lost £ 3.5 billion .
£ 3.5 billion .
The OFT report investigated those who had been conned and reached some insightful conclusions :
Counter - intuitively victims of cons tended to put more effort into analysing scams than non-victims .
Victims admitted they saw the scam as a long - odds gamble but were prepared to take the risk .
Victims often failed to discuss the scam with anyone else , as if they knew others would confirm their worst fears .
Between 10 % and 20 % of people were repeat victims , getting caught up in scams again and again despite being burned before .
Victims are not generally poor decision - makers , but are often professionals or successful business people .
The best advice is that given at the end of the TV programme The Real Hustle : if it seems too good to be true , then it probably is .
→ Read on : like hustlers , magicians know how to exploit our mental vulnerabilities , discover 3 critical techniques in the psychology of magic .
Last year , Radiohead expressed their growing discomfort with record labels that abuse copyrights for their own benefit , while harassing their fans .
In a recent interview , Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien said that he does n't believe piracy is killing the music industry , but that the industry will kill itself if it does n't adapt to the digital age .
In an attempt to take a stand against the labels , several well known artists including Radiohead formed the Featured Artists Coalition last year , a lobby group that aims to end the extortion - like practices of record labels and allow artists to gain more control over their own work .
Radiohead and others are unhappy with the fact that the labels , represented by lobby groups such as the RIAA and IFPI , are pushing for anti-piracy legislation without consulting the artists they claim to represent .
Radiohead , who used BitTorrent to leak one of their songs , went as far as being willing to show up as a witness against the RIAA in court .
In a new MIDEM interview , Radiohead guitarist Ed O’Brien stands up for file - sharers once again , stating that piracy is not killing the music industry in his view .
O’Brien is no stranger when it comes to piracy .
“ There ’s a very strong part of me that feels that peer - to - peer illegal downloading is just a more sophisticated version of what we did in the 80s , which was home taping , ” he said , something the music industry strongly discouraged at the time .
“ If they really like it , some of them might buy the records , ” he said , adding that if they do n’t buy the albums they might buy a concert ticket , t- shirt or other merchandising .
“ I have a problem about it when people in the industry say ‘ it ’s killing the industry ’ , it ’s the thing that ’s ripping us apart ’ , ” O’Brien said , adding : “ I do n’t believe it actually is . ”
According to O’Brien the music industry is using analogue business models in a digital age .
“ You ’ve got to license out more music , more Spotifys , more websites selling more music .
You ’ve got to make it slightly cheaper as well to get music in order to compete with the peer - to - peers . ”
Radiohead ’s guitarist says he ’s surprised that the music industry is still struggling with the digital transition , and urges the labels to “ move quicker ” and get their content out there at a fair price .
BEFORE settling on Seattle as the home of Amazon.com , the founder , Jeff Bezos , considered placing the company on an Indian reservation near San Francisco .
“ This way , we could have access to talent without all the tax consequences , ” he said in a 1996 interview with Fast Company .
The reservation could n’t be used as a sales - tax haven , after all , Mr. Bezos said he learned , so he had to look elsewhere .
Offering prices free of sales tax to customers in California , the most populous state , would be possible only if the company were placed elsewhere .
“ You have to charge sales tax to customers who live in any state where you have a business presence , ” he said then .
Today , Amazon collects sales tax in only five states , which gives it a continuing advantage over companies who do collect them in all or most states .
Competitors are n’t the only ones hurt by Amazon ’s stance on sales taxes : it also means the loss of considerable revenue to states and localities that badly need it .
The final tally on this holiday season ’s sales are not yet in , but Amazon ’s revenue for the four most recent quarters , ended Sept. 30 , approached $ 21.7 billion .
Amazon will not disclose how much tax it collected on those sales .
Unfortunately for the rangers tasked with capturing the animal , it woke up from its apparent slumber as they came near and gave chase to the man who had shot it .
Rail traffic continues to decline despite very easy year over year comps .
In a sure sign of tepid recovery , we continue to see improvement off the lows , but a still very meager traffic trends .
A recovering economy would have no problem overcoming the very low levels of last fall , but we actually continue to see declines .
Total intermodal traffic was down 6.4 % versus 2008 and down a staggering 32 % versus 2007 .
The recovery on Wall Street might be real , but it ’s certainly not real on Main Street as these numbers clearly show .
A few commodity groups are showing strong year over year climbs , but all data is still very weak compared to 2007 .
The AAR reports :
The Association of American Railroads today reported that freight rail traffic was down for the Thanksgiving holiday week ended Nov. 28 , 2009 .
U.S. railroads reported originating 246,133 carloads for the week , down 3.9 percent compared with the same week in 2008 and down 29.3 percent from the same week in 2007 .
The comparison week from 2008 included the Thanksgiving Holiday , while the 2007 comparison week did not .
In order to offer a complete picture of the progress in rail traffic , AAR will now be reporting 2009 weekly rail traffic with year over year comparisons for both 2008 and 2007 .
In the Western U.S. , carloads were down 3.8 percent compared with the same week last year , and 23.9 percent compared with 2007 .
In the East , carloads were down 4.3 percent compared with 2008 , and 37.3 percent compared with the same week in 2007 .
Intermodal traffic totaled 165,856 trailers and containers , down 6.4 percent from a year ago and 32.1 percent from 2007 .
Compared with the same week in 2008 , container volume dropped 0.9 percent and trailer volume dropped 27.2 percent .
Compared with the same week in 2007 , container volume fell 26.2 percent and trailer volume dropped 51.9 percent .
While 10 of the 19 carload freight commodity groups were down compared with the same week last year , increases were seen in nonmetallic minerals ( 38.1 percent ) , grain ( 21.3 percent ) , farm products not including grain ( 20.1 percent ) , motor vehicles and equipment ( 15 percent ) , chemicals ( 13.2 percent ) , grain mill products ( 11.5 percent ) , metals and products ( 11.2 percent ) , metallic ores ( 3.1 percent ) and petroleum products ( 2.2 percent ) .
Declines in commodity groups ranged from 0.9 percent for crushed stone , sand and gravel to 28.3 percent for coke .
Total volume on U.S. railroads for the week ending Nov. 28 , 2009 was estimated at 27.6 billion ton-miles , down 3.8 percent compared with the same week last year and down 25 percent from 2007 .
For the first 47 weeks of 2009 , U.S. railroads reported cumulative volume of 12,571,696 carloads , down 17.1 percent from 2008 and 18.2 percent from 2007 ; 8,967,824 trailers or containers , down 15.5 percent from 2008 and 18.3 percent from 2007 , and total volume of an estimated 1.35 trillion ton-miles , down 16.2 percent from 2008 and 16.7 percent from 2007 .
Right about now the rest of the internet is tripping over itself to crank out the “ definitive ” end - of - year list .
Well , they can stop .
We already did it .
Over the next few pages our unquestioned expertise will identify the coolest , most important games of 2009 with zero room for error .
Yeah , it ’s that big of a deal .
That ’s why they ’re basking in the dazzling radiance of a Platinum Chalice .
Oh , we have a game of the year .
But the rest of the awards are GR - style accolades so you do n’t have to sift through “ best puzzle game ” or the always important “ best PSP graphics technology . ”
Videogames … prepare to be acknowledged .
If you ’ve played much of Prototype , then you already know that its true appeal does n’t come from prefab points of interest like story or missions .
That stuff ’s all fine and good , but the real lure here is the absolute freedom offered by Alex Mercer ’s powers , which enable you to tear ass ( and asses ) across Manhattan with impunity , leap off skyscrapers and land unharmed , throw cars around , eat civilians and just generally be the biggest asshole imaginable .
Above : Alex Mercer doing what Alex Mercer does best
Part of what makes that particular brand of bastardry so much fun is that it ’s absolutely soaking in gore .
Entire buildings are made of gore , and every new superpower brings with it exciting new ways to dismember hapless city - dwellers in a gruesome display .
Infected monstrosities , soldiers and civilians can all be sliced to ribbons or devoured messily by Alex ’s slimy tendrils , and watching them come apart in new ways adds immeasurably to the thrill of victory ( or just rampant sociopathy ) .
There are few pleasures quite as guilty as whipping Alex ’s razor - sharp tendril - arm through a crowd in Times Square , for example , and watching the upper halves of dozens of citizens fly skyward at once .
Kind of sick ?
Sure .
A blast anyway ?
Absolutely .
Splattering zombie goo is all the rage these days , and no game does it better than L4D2 .
Your vast arsenal is capable of rending flesh , shattering rib cages and separating limbs in such shockingly grotesque detail we made a whole video about it .
Modern Warfare 2 may not be the most carefully paced game ( PCP and Meth come to mind as descriptors ) , but it does unload a bandoleer ’s worth of balls - out crazy moments into your face .
Oh shit , your driver just took one in the skull , grab the wheel !
Oh shit , you just watched a guy ’s eyes roll into his head after rappelling onto his back and slitting his throat .
Oh shit , you ’re an astronaut and …FFFFFFFUUUUU …
Above : ... UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!
It ’s relentlessly surprising , and keeps you playing in the same way that supermarket fiction keeps you turning pages - by never letting you get comfortable .
Much like Will Smith ’s life , everything in MW2 gets flip - turned upside down constantly , and unless you ’re a cold , unfeeling robot or a nun , it ’ll coax more than a few expletives from your filthy mouth .
What was your first oh shit moment in Uncharted 2 ?
Was it climbing the dangling train ?
Running from the speeding truck in the narrow Nepalese alley ?
Sprinting across a crumbling bridge ?
We know there were regular old shootouts , but they all got trampled under the stampede of holy - crap - did - that - just - happens .
No hand - holding .
No easy wins .
No compromises .
From beginning to end , Demon ’s Souls was the hardest game of the year .
Think you ’re good at videogames ?
This action / RPG will put you in your place .
Every time you think you ’re making progress , Demon ’s Souls will crush any sense of self worth you once had with frequent deaths and brutal boss fights .
It ’s enough to send the most Zen - like gamer into controller - smashing fits of rage .
Above : Just when you ’re starting to get the hang of things , a three - storydemonsmashes you with hisgiant battle axe
But Demon ’s
Souls unforgiving difficulty is a double - edged sword that gives just as much as it takes , making every victory feel like a truly glorious triumph .
Soon , you ’ll be dodging , parrying and blocking attacks with uncanny precision .
Your timing will become impeccable as attack patterns and monster locations are ingrained in your memory .
Before you know it , overcoming seemingly impossible boss fights and scenarios becomes a reality , making Demon ’s Souls not only the most difficult , but also one of the most rewarding games of all time .
Gorgeous sprites and detailed backgrounds make Prinny : Can I Really be the Hero ? a treat to watch .
But it ’s the masochistic difficulty level , which demands pixel - perfect precision that makes this ultra hardcore platformer a pleasure to play .
Much as the idea of waging war against an oppressive regime as a freedom fighter / terrorist / demolitions expert on Mars is instantly appealing to us , Red Faction : Guerrilla would have been just another bland , shooty , open - world Grand Theft Auto clone without one key feature : the ability to reduce any building or structure on the map to a cascading heap of rubble .
If it ’s man-made , odds are you can rip it to shreds in an awe - inspiring cacophony of shattering glass .
Above :
You may not want to stand on top of them while you do this , though
Bringing down buildings in games was nothing new when Guerrilla came out , but Guerrilla is the first game to really make it feel organic .
As you ram trucks through walls , blast bridge - support pillars or just tear apart buildings hundreds of times your size with a sledgehammer , the component building materials come flying apart in a way that ’s convincingly real , if not exactly “ realistic . ”
Also , the creativity with which you can tackle demolitions – and the futuristic implements of destruction you ’ll get to play with – make Guerrilla incredibly fun , and there ’s no feeling quite like driving a massive truck into a camp full of heavily armed enemy soldiers and bringing the whole thing crashing down by doing high - speed donuts through the walls .
It elevates what would otherwise be a fairly bland experience into something explosively inventive .
Paris is a beautiful setting , and World War II is always a compelling time period , but they ’re not enough to justify The Saboteur ’s half - baked gameplay .
The visually spectacular style in which that city and era are brought to life , however – with stark , drizzly greyscale representing Nazi oppression and splashes of dazzling color representing freedom – made us forgive every flaw instantly .
NEW YORK ( AP )  Haitian - born musician Wyclef Jean defended his charity on Monday in the wake of questions about its practices while calling on the international community to enable the evacuation of his homeland 's earthquake - ravaged capital .
" Port - au - Prince is a morgue , " Jean said at a Manhattan press conference , recounting how he collected the corpses of small children and adults from the festering streets on his recent trip .
Tears streamed down his face as he looked into the camera , speaking to his countrymen .
Residents should be evacuated to tent cities outside Port - au - Prince to allow for aid to reach them and so cleanup from the Haitian earthquake can begin in earnest , Jean said , asking for help from around the world in building encampments .
" We need to migrate at least 2 million people , " Jean said , promising to draw on his status as one of Haiti 's favorite sons to aid in such an effort .
" I give you my word , if I tell them to go , they will go .
But they need somewhere to go to , " Jean said .
The musician made the plea for an evacuation at the behest of Haitian Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive and President Rene Preval , said Hugh Locke , the president of The Wyclef Jean Foundation Inc .
The organization , also known as the Yele Haiti Foundation , has drawn fire in recent days as groups that vet charities raised doubts about its accounting practices and ability to function in a nation devastated by last week 's earthquake .
Jean gave an impassioned defense of the organization , which has received more than $ 2 million in donations in just a few days .
" My dad always told me , if you 're a man with a clear conscience , speak with a clear conscience and the world will know , " he said .
" Have we made mistakes before ?
Yes .
Did I ever use
Yele money for personal benefit ?
Absolutely not . "
An Associated Press review of tax returns and independent audits provided by Jean 's foundation showed that it was closely intertwined with Jean 's businesses .
Among the mistakes by the young organization , Locke said , was the decision to buy $ 250,000 of airtime from Telemax S.A. , a for - profit TV station in Haiti that is majority - owned by Jean and another foundation board member .
Locke said that Yele believed it was getting a good price for airtime in a nation where many are illiterate and rely on the TV for information .
The decision would be handled differently now , he said .
The foundation plans to send donated supplies to Haiti on a plane provided by FedEx on Saturday .
It is still deciding how donated funds will be spent , considering such options as mobile schools for refugee camps and security forces to escort supplies , Locke said .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Obama 's Dirty War
In his Nobel Peace Prize speech , President Barack Obama declared “ we ’re in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from spreading throughout that country . ”
The phrasing signals that his war escalation will follow the dictates of what the CIA calls political and psychological warfare , the cornerstones of counterinsurgency .
Email
Printer friendly
By viewing this “ cancer ” as a political and ideological threat – as much as a military one – the U.S. counterinsurgency strategies will merge violence against armed enemies with attacks on their unarmed supporters , as has happened in such conflicts around the world , from Indochina to Latin America to Africa .
In Algeria , the French dubbed their counterinsurgency “ la sale guerre , ” the dirty war , due to its reliance on terror to coerce the civilian population into submission .
The elements of dirty war traditionally include murder , kidnapping , torture , disappearances and the total disruption of the nation ’s political , cultural , and economic infrastructure .
Obama ’s Dec. 10 speech in Oslo also marked an important juncture for him as he took on the job of selling a counterinsurgency war in Afghanistan , which has already been stained by the blood of thousands of innocents killed in bombing raids that targeted militants mixed with non-combatants .
Obama ’s speech is being hailed by prominent U.S. neoconservatives who believe they have surprisingly found in the young President a far more effective spokesman for their interventionist cause than the inarticulate George W. Bush .
“ The shift in rhetoric at Oslo was striking , ” observed neocon theorist Robert Kagan in a Washington Post op - ed .
“ Gone was the vaguely left - revisionist language that flavored earlier speeches , highlighting the low points of American global leadership -- the coups and ill - considered wars -- and low - balling the highlights , such as the Cold War triumph . ”
Indeed , in his speech , Obama shoved six decades of those bloody low points behind one five - word clause , “ whatever mistakes we have made . ”
Obama seems to have shouldered the job of salesman for the war in Afghanistan .
But it is not necessary for Obama to win the support of the majority of the American people for the war since many Americans simply will rally around the flag and support the troops .
Obama and his national security team are also aware that public opinion can change if the war is not won quickly enough .
Thus the public must be made to feel there is an on - going , urgent need for the war .
So , Obama packages the war as a cure for cancer .
He makes it a matter of personal survival , like chemotherapy and radiation that take a terrible toll on the patient ’s body , but are necessary for the patient ’s survival .
The public will suffer what it is told is the cure for what ails Afghanistan , if it believes the cure will dispel fear and insecurity in America .
Beyond relying on fear and patriotism , Obama ’s war council knows that public confusion is helpful .
Most Americans do n’t have the time to learn the truth – in this case , that there is no “ insurgency ” or “ counterinsurgency , ” but rather a resistance movement by Afghan nationalists – especially among the Pashtun tribe – to American military occupation .
What Is Counterinsurgency ?
In his recent speeches , President Obama defines America ’s objectives in Afghanistan as : 1 ) suppressing the Taliban and national resistance forces to American occupation and the Karzai regime ; 2 ) eliminating several score members of Al Qaeda ; and 3 ) creating a stable pro-American government and economic infrastructure .
David Galula , author of Counterinsurgency Warfare : Theory and Practice ( RAND Corporation , 1964 ) and a recognized authority on the matter , stresses that counterinsurgency includes “ building or rebuilding a political apparatus within the population . ”
In this sense any counterinsurgency is , in reality , an insurgency .
In Afghanistan , the Taliban ruled for several years until the U.S. and the CIA - backed Northern Alliance drove them out .
Obama may define the Taliban as the insurgents , but the Taliban , who control many parts of Afghanistan , view the Americans as backing an insurgency against Taliban rule .
Gen . Stanley McChrystal ’s military strategy for defeating the Taliban is to “ protect the people from terror ” through the tactic of “ clear and hold . ”
To “ clear and hold ” means to drive the Taliban out of their secure areas in the countryside , which Obama proposes to do through his “ surge ” of 30,000 troops , and then occupy those areas while systematically killing enough Taliban and nationalist forces ( in urban areas as well ) , so that they no longer resist the occupation .
The model for this “ clear and hold / surge ” strategy is Iraq .
According to the conventional wisdom that dominates Official Washington , President George W. Bush ’s 2007 “ surge ” and the “ clear and hold ” strategy “ won ” the war in Iraq .
The reality may have been much different – with a variety of factors including paying off Sunni tribes in 2006 and the grudging U.S. agreement in 2008 to withdraw from Iraq playing bigger roles in the drop in violence – but that is not what Washington ’s influential neoconservatives and their allies want people to believe .
For instance , Establishment journalists Evan Thomas and John Barry at Newsweek explain that “ clear and hold ” works because it protects the “ friendly civilians ” who provide the intelligence that enables CIA and U.S. Special Forces to precisely find and kill members of the resistance and Al Qaeda .
“ By ratcheting back the heavy use ( and overuse ) of firepower , ” they claim , “ McChrystal has reduced civilian casualties , which alienate the locals and breed more jihadists . ”
However , the reality is far less humane and clinical .
First , the assertion that a counterinsurgency war is gentler than the shock and awe of , say , the Iraq invasion is false .
It is more a psy - war argument intended to deceive a target population in , say , the United States into thinking that innocents are not being killed .
Second , the assertion that only “ jihadists ” are targeted for assassination is another deception .
In fact , thousands of people are fighting not for religious reasons , but for nationalist reasons – Afghans opposed to American invaders and their collaborators .
Third , the notion that civilians provide information because they are “ friendly ” to the Americans is misleading , since most intelligence is coerced or simply bought .
The Newsweek correspondents , however , are correct when they say that Obama ’s war is modeled on the CIA ’s Vietnam - era Phoenix Program , whose goal was to “ target and assassinate Viet Cong leaders . ”
Waging a successful dirty war depends on identifying and killing enemy leaders – both combatants and non-combatants – as well as spreading disinformation as to who is the enemy and why they are being killed .
As is well known , the CIA developed the Phoenix Program in Vietnam as the ultimate , systematic means for fighting a dirty war , encompassing both counterinsurgency and counter - terror .
The CIA and U.S. Special Forces have further refined the Phoenix Program over the past 40 years .
Phoenix - style operations have become the weapon of choice in the “ global war on terror . ”
Intelligence Intelligence is gained primarily through 1 ) informants , 2 ) detainees , 3 ) interrogations , 4 ) defectors , 5 ) electronic intercepts , 6 ) agents involved in surveillance and theft of documents ( etc ) , and 7 ) the insertion of penetration agents inside the enemy infrastructure .
1 ) Voluntary civilian informants typically work for money , ideology or personal reasons like vengeance ; more often civilian informants are coerced – they have debts , secrets or are simply framed and given no choice .
Coercing informants is the CIA ’s strong suit .
2 ) Detainees only provide coerced information – in an effort to escape a jerry - rigged legal system in which Americans deny them due process .
Producing informants and detainees is one of the major means that occupiers employ to rip apart – through suspicion , fear , confusion and divided loyalties – a nation they wish to control .
3 ) In the Afghan conflict , interrogations are conducted largely by members of the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) or the Afghan secret police ( KHAD ) under the supervision of their counterpart CIA and U.S. military officers in jointly managed facilities .
“ High Value ” targets captured in unilateral U.S. - directed Phoenix operations are interrogated by CIA and U.S. military intelligence personnel in secure ( off - limits to Afghans ) facilities .
The CIA and U.S. military purchase from individuals members of the corrupt the Karzai government the right to operate secret unilateral interrogation and detention centers , as well as the right to use unilateral CIA and U.S. Special Forces paramilitary teams to target , capture and kill resistance members .
After eight years , America ’s secret detention and torture centers are due to be handed over to the Afghan secret police .
Suspects will hereafter appear before “ review boards ” which will afford them a slim chance to challenge their internment and present evidence of their innocence .
Reporters and international human rights officials may soon be granted access too .
Interrogation often is a word for torture .
As reported in the Nov. 28 Washington Post : " Two Afghan teenagers held in U.S. detention north of Kabul this year said they were beaten by American guards , photographed naked , deprived of sleep and held in solitary confinement in concrete cells for at least two weeks while undergoing daily interrogation about their alleged links to the Taliban . "
4 ) After interrogation , defectors are indoctrinated by former defectors who have repented .
Defectors are made to prove their loyalty by serving as translators or interrogators , or by joining CIA - funded militias and paramilitary teams , and then sent back into enemy territory to contact Taliban and other resistance members and recruit more defectors .
5 ) Electronic intercepts are almost entirely unilateral , and are directed largely against the ANA , KHAD and Karzai government to detect double agents .
Unilateral intercepts are also the method which U.S. security forces use to monitor the activities of corrupt and drug - dealing officials in the Karzai government .
The CIA uses evidence of corruption to control these individuals .
6 ) The CIA and U.S. military run agents in liaison with the ANA and KHAD , as well as unilaterally , against the resistance and against the ANA , KHAD and Karzai government .
Recruiting agents is especially difficult in Afghanistan because the Taliban do not have politics , per se .
They also are not capitalists and have not succumbed to the cash nexus .
They do not have bookkeepers nor do they organize in Western - style hierarchies .
They do not issue press releases , broadcast their plans and strategies , or allow photography ( which can confound CIA assassins ) .
These ideological precepts make them nearly impervious to blackmail , extortion and corruption – the CIA ’s standard means of penetrating the enemy infrastructure , and the means by which it controls top - ranking officials in the Karzai government .
The Taliban will meet with foreigners to negotiate land and mineral rights , as well as form alliances - but they are loath to deal with Americans , which further hampers the CIA ’s ability to insert agents in its ranks .
In addition , the CIA and U.S. military gain intelligence about the Taliban , other resistance groups and Al Qaeda through translated documents , interrogations conducted through interpreters , and Afghan agents and informants .
There is no way of knowing if this intelligence is reliable , but that does not much matter .
The main function of intelligence in a dirty war is to support U.S. policies , both stated and unstated .
Intelligence managers skew intelligence to this political purpose , as happened with the bogus reports of WMD in Iraq .
Any policy can find sup¬porting intelligence , especially when the meaning of words is garbled by collaborators and indoctrinated employees who are required to report positively from the field , for their own survival and / or profit .
As one Phoenix Program veteran explained to me : " The Vietnamese lied to us ; we lied to the Phoenix Directorate ; and the Directorate made it into documented fact .
It was a war that became distorted through our ability to create fiction . ”
Intelligence programs have two other major functions in a dirty war .
One is to map out the clandestine organizations that drive the resistance , so they can be destroyed .
At the secret detention centers it operates in Afghanistan , the CIA draws up blacklists of Taliban and other members of the resistance based on their social and family ties , position within the infrastructure , age , sex and profession .
The idea is to send paramilitary teams out to capture them , make them inform on their comrades , turn them into double agents , or kill them and their families and friends .
None have any right to due process .
Some instances of these death squad operations have surfaced during U.S. military disciplinary proceedings .
For instance , in one case , an Afghani , identified as suspected insurgent leader Nawab Buntangyar was encountered on Oct. 13 , 2006 , by an Afghan army patrol led by U.S. Special Forces Capt .
Dave Staffel .
While the Americans kept their distance out of fear the suspect might be wearing a suicide vest , the man was questioned about his name and the Americans checked his description against a list from the Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force Afghanistan , known as “ the kill - or - capture list . ”
Concluding that the man was Buntangyar , Staffel ordered Master Sgt. Troy Anderson to fire from a distance of about 100 yards away , putting a bullet through the man ’s head and killing him instantly .
The soldiers viewed the killing as “ a textbook example of a classified mission completed in accordance with the American rules of engagement , ” the International Herald Tribune reported .
“ The men said such rules allowed them to kill Buntangyar , whom the American military had designated a terrorist cell leader , once they positively identified him . ”
Staffel ’s civilian lawyer Mark Waple said the Army ’s Criminal Investigation Command concluded that the shooting was “ justifiable homicide , ” but a two - star general in Afghanistan then instigated a murder charge against the two men .
But that case foundered over accusations that the charge was improperly filed .
[ IHT , Sept. 17 , 2007 ]
In Afghanistan , the CIA also focuses Phoenix - style teams on Taliban judicial officials operating religious law courts and assessing and collecting taxes ; resistance members operating business fronts for purchasing , storing or distributing food and supplies , including farm products ; public health officials who distribute medicine ; security officials who target American collaborators and agents ; officials in transportation , communication and postal services ; military recruiters ; and military leaders and forces .
The other major purpose of the intelligence programs is to understand how resistance leaders organize Afghans to cope with the violence the CIA and U.S. military are visiting upon them .
Through opinion poll and surveys , the CIA tries to understand what drives people into the resistance or , conversely , into the arms of the corrupt Karzai regime .
Based on this attitudinal or socio- psycho - anthropological intelligence , the CIA seeks to establish its own parallel government , free of corruption , but modeled on Afghan sensibilities .
How to Disguise a Dirty War
The CIA forms its parallel government under cover of the U.S. State Department and its AID missions , in conjunction with the military .
Again , psywar is the main ingredient .
Traditionally , Christian " missions " brought medicine and literacy to uncivilized native populations in Africa , North and South America , and Asia .
In the process , the benighted natives were softened up for conquest , colonization and exploitation , no matter how well - intentioned the missionary .
Indeed , the more effective the missionary ’s message , the softer the natives became .
The CIA through AID missions serves the same softening - up function today , though its Gospel is materialistic “ economic development , ” not the spiritual Word of God .
In either case – by accepting the outsider ’s medicines , material goods and message – the natives tacitly accept the outsider ’s authority .
They are converted into a compliant workforce ; recruited into the occupation army ; become petty bureaucrats in the puppet government ; and , most importantly , assist the internal security apparatus .
As with the Christian missionaries of old , the modern AID worker may be well - intentioned .
But he or she is no less and agent of conquest .
As one U.S. aid worker in Afghanistan recently said to me : “ The ANA [ the Afghan National Army ] is really good : people trust them and share intelligence with them , something they are not willing to do with internationals . ”
Obviously , this AID worker does not acknowledge the Taliban as being Afghans .
Though I do not have enough information to cite a specific example about AID organizations in Afghanistan serving as CIA fronts , I ’ll describe one that existed in Thailand during the Vietnam War .
In 1967 the CIA formed DEVCON , a component of Taylor Associates , a CIA proprietary company that marketed itself as a community development counseling service .
DEVCON in turn sponsored the Hilltribe Research Center in Chiang Mai .
The CIA used the Hilltribe Research Center as a way of maintaining contact with agents and recruiting informants .
As a cover for its espionage activities ( and to baptize the natives in the cash nexus ) , the Center bought and marketed the handicrafts of native people in the area .
As part of the CIA ’s parallel government in Thailand , the Center also employed teachers , agronomists , animal husbandry - men and engineers .
These Thai nationals doubled as intelligence agents and served as cut-outs to debrief the tribal people on insurgents and drug traffickers .
( The Hilltribe Research Center also famously employed Puttaporn Khramkhruan , a CIA agent who was arrested for smuggling opium to the United States .
CIA agents in the Karzai government are most certainly following in Puttaporn ’s footsteps . )
As with the Thai employees of DEVCON , Afghans who collaborate with the CIA must inform on their countrymen , often directly to CIA officers who may be posing as AID workers .
All AID workers and their Afghan counterparts are affiliated with the parallel government and are obligated to preach the party line : they refer to the resistance as “ insurgents ” in exchange for their prosperity and for their survival .
As the U.S. AID worker in Afghanistan told me : “ Security comes before development .
The wrath on informants [ should the resistance prevail ] will make the rape camps of Serbia look like picnics in the park . ”
The terror that accompanies collaboration enables U.S. Army “ civic action ” and “ psywar ” teams ( often under CIA direction ) to train Afghan converts how to build perimeter defenses around their villages .
When not administering medicine and forming militias , U.S. Special Forces units , having learned how to dress and act like natives , slip into the countryside at night and , using intelligence from their assets , " snatch and snuff " the local Taliban and resistance cadre .
Urban units do likewise in cities .
Sometimes they also may engage in “ black propaganda ” activities , inflicting some outrage on the population that can be blamed on the enemy .
Instilling terror in the converted , as well as the resistance , is the main job of the counterinsurgent , his allies ( and useful idiots ) in the media , and aid workers : people whom author Graham Greene would describe as acting “ like a dumb leper who has lost his bell , wandering the world , meaning no harm . ”
The critical importance of terror is well understood by the gurus at CIA headquarters .
As former CIA Director William Colby said , " The implication or latent threat of terror was sufficient to insure that the people would comply . "
As the prime apologist of the CIA 's Phoenix Program , Colby knew the importance of wrapping American terror in humanitarian and educational packages and selling it to the public as “ protecting the people from terrorism . ”
That is exactly how he described Phoenix to Congress : as protecting people from terrorism .
It does n’t matter that many Taliban men , women and children may be pure in thought and deed , or that their motivations may be honorable , simply seeking to defend their homes from foreign occupiers .
Most do not participate in terrorism or even guerrilla action , and yet they and their sympathizers are dehumanized – a necessary step for those included in the computerized Phoenix blacklists in Langley and Kabul , and targeted for destruction .
Meanwhile , at least in the mainstream American news media , the U.S. government ’s intentions are always characterized as heroic , generous , even therapeutic .
Which is how good can be made to equal bad .
Protecting the People Dependent on official government sources , the U.S. news media often helps justify the killing of the enemy ’s civilian supporters by blurring distinctions between combatants and non-combatants .
In Afghanistan – as in Vietnam – special programs offer bounties to help target the enemy ’s political leaders , like a Taliban “ shadow ” or “ second ” governor in a province where Karzai ’s official or “ first ” governor is likely despised by the indigenous population because of his corruption .
As Griff Witte wrote in the Washington Post on Dec. 8 , 2009 , the Taliban has “ an elaborate shadow government of governors , police chiefs , district administrators and judges that in many cases already has more bearing on the lives of Afghans than the real government . ”
Witte quoted Khalid Pashtoon , “ a legislator from the southern province of Kandahar who has close ties to Karzai , ” as saying : “ These people in the shadow government are running the country now . "
Witte cites the case of “ the shadow governor , Maulvi Shaheed Khail , ” who “ is regarded as fearsome but clean .
A former minister in the Taliban government , he became the shadow governor here last year after being released from government custody .
Residents said he spends most of his time in exile in Pakistan but occasionally crosses the border to discuss strategy with his lieutenants . ”
In many parts of Afghanistan , Witte continues , “ Afghans have decided they prefer the severe but decisive authority of the Taliban to the corruption and inefficiency of Karzai 's appointees .
From Kunduz province in the north to Kandahar in the south , even government officials concede that their allies have lost the people 's confidence and that , increasingly , residents are turning to shadow Taliban officials to solve their problems . ”
All of these statements are confirmed by my independent source in Afghanistan .
And yet , while Witte reflects the facts of the matter when interviewing an Afghan , he veers into propaganda when quoting official U.S. sources .
Specifically , he claims that all Taliban officials are combatants : “ There are no clear lines between the Taliban 's fighting force and its shadow administration .
Insurgents double as police chiefs ; judges may spend an afternoon hearing cases , then take up arms at dusk . ”
For instance , regarding the role of a province ’s “ second governor , ” Witte writes that this political leader “ sneaks in only at night .
He issues edicts on ‘ Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan ’ stationery , plots attacks against government forces and fires any lower - ranking Taliban official tainted by even the whiff of corruption . ”
Through the phrase “ plots attacks against government forces , ” Witte ’s article contributes to the notion that all political figures in the Taliban are “ legitimate ” military targets whether they are engaged in combat or not .
Secret Government
The entire intelligence apparatus in Afghanistan is the foundation of the CIA ’s own secret government .
And just as the CIA operates under the cover of U.S. and NATO AID missions , it lurks behind the Karzai government .
Obama now is struggling to present the Karzai government in the best terms possible , though in reality it is no different than the corrupt political apparatus the CIA built in South Vietnam .
In 1965 , the CIA named Air Force General Nguyen Cao Ky as chief of national security in South Vietnam .
In exchange for a lucrative narcotic smuggling franchise , Ky then sold the CIA the right to create a parallel government of collaborators and miscreants .
Called the Revolutionary Development Program , it consisted of numerous CIA covert action programs composed of South Vietnamese officials on the CIA payroll .
The same phenomenon exists in Afghanistan , where the CIA has awarded members of Karzai ’s inner clique essentially immunity to traffic in narcotics in exchange for their acquiescence to U.S. operations inside Afghanistan , including covert actions , detention centers , informants , hit teams , etc .
The CIA ’s tolerance of drug dealing by their clients is legendary .
In Indochina , one freewheeling CIA agent in Thailand , Puttaporn Khramkhruan , used his protected status to smuggle opium to the United States .
After Puttaporn finally was arrested in 1973 , William Colby and the CIA prevented the Justice Department from prosecuting him .
Similarly in the 1980s , the CIA ensured that U.S. law enforcement agencies looked the other way regarding cocaine smuggling by the Nicaraguan contra rebels and heroin trafficking by the Afghan mujahedeen fighting the Soviets in Afghanistan .
This history is not lost on Karzai and the bandits in his regime .
A recent article by the McClatchy Newspapers noted that after U.S. militarists blocked a diplomatic solution in Afghanistan – in favor of Obama ’s surge – Karzai was spared from having to make meaningful reforms ; he even refused to send his drug - dealing brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , into a comfortable exile .
After eight years of U.S. military occupation and misrule by the corrupt Karzai regime , the Afghans cooperating with this operation – the informants , interrogators , hit teams and corrupt pols – understand the wrongheadedness of what they ’re doing , but their prosperity and lives depend on U.S. patronage .
As a result , the definition of “ insurgent ” gets skewed to mean anyone who is not allied with the Karzai regime or compliant with the U.S. occupation .
I would like to close this article by quoting from John Cook , a U.S. military officer assigned to the Phoenix Program in Vietnam .
CIA officers gave instruction to Phoenix advisers at the Vietnamese Central Intelligence School .
Cook said : “ There were forty of us in the class , half American , half Vietnamese .
The first day at the school was devoted to lectures by American experts in the insurgency business .
Using a smooth , slick delivery , they reviewed all the popular theories concerning communist - ori- ented revolutions ....
“ Like so many machines programmed to per¬form at a higher level than necessary , they dealt with platitudes and theories far above our dirty little war .
They spoke in impersonal tones about what had to be done and how we should do it , as if we were in the business of selling life insurance , with a bonus going to the man who sold the most policies .
“ Those districts that were performing well with the quota system were praised ; the poor per¬formers were admonished .
And it all fitted together nicely with all the charts and figures they offered as support of their ideas . "
Like many of his colleagues , Cook resented " the pretentious men in high position " who gave him unattainable goals , then complained when he did not reach them .
Forty years later , the Obama administration is embarking on the same bloody journey .
As he demonstrated in Oslo , Obama ’s job is now to preserve the myth of America as altruistic liberator .
But the larger truth is that the “ cancer ” Obama seeks to destroy in Afghanistan is more a projection of the dark side of the American psyche than a real threat to U.S. national security or to the safety of the American people .
Obama ’s counterinsurgency is part of a dirty war for world dominance .
Douglas Valentine is author of The Phoenix Program , which is available through Amazon , as well as The Strength of the Wolf and the new book Strength of the Pack .
His Web sites are http://www.douglasvalentine.com/index.html, http://www.members.authorsguild.net/valentine/, and http://trineday.com/paypal_store/product_pages/Strength_of_the_Pack.html
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
' From Osama to Obama , ' Bin Laden Delivers New Threats Al Qaeda leader claims responsibility for ' Underwear Bomber ' in new tape .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 24 , 2010  --
In a new audio message , Osama bin Laden directly addresses President Obama , threatening new attacks on the United States and claiming responsibility for the Christmas Day airliner bombing attempt .
" From Osama to Obama , " bin Laden says at the opening of the message , which was aired early today on the Al Jazeera television network .
" The message delivered to you through the plane of the heroic warrior Omar Farouk Abdulmutallab was a confirmation of the previous messages sent by the heroes of the Sept. 11 , " said the voice on the recording , which was released by the Al Jazeera television network .
Until there is " security in Palestine " and an end to U.S. support of Israel , bin Laden says , " America shall not dream about security . "
Inelligence officials say they can't verify the authenticity of the tape , but they say there has never been a fake and there is no reason to believe this one is not real .
" I think everybody in this world understands that this is somebody that has to pop up in our lives over an audiotape because he 's nothing but a cowardly , murderous thug and terrorist that will some day , hopefully soon , be brought to justice , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said today on Fox News .
" If you 're a 22 - year - old Nigerian and you 've conducted an attack and Osama bin Laden comes out and calls you hero or calls you a martyr and elevates your status , that 's very troubling and that can serve as a very valuable recruiting tool , " said Rick Nelson , a senior fellow with the Center for Security and International Studies in Washington D.C .
The bin Laden tape comes as new details emerge about the Christmas Day bomb attack and how suspect was handled by interrogators .
According to The Associated Press , Abdulmutallab arrived at a local hospital at 2 p.m. , escorted by Detroit police , and made incriminating statements to a doctor giving him treatment about his efforts to detonate an explosive on the plane from Amsterdam to Detroit .
Around 3:30 p.m. , FBI agents began interviewing the suspect in his hospital room where he talked openly about his links to al Qaeda operatives in Yemen , the AP reported .
Osama Bin Laden Addresses President Obama in New Audio Tape
Ten hours after his initial arrest , investigators told him he had the right to an attorney and a right to remain silent .
After that , Abdulmutallab stopped talking , putting an abrupt end to any further intelligence gathering operation .
Some lawmakers say if bin Laden is claiming Abdulmutallab as a soldier in his army , then the United States should treat him like an enemy combatant .
" He was cooperating until he got a lawyer , " Sen . John McCain said today on CBS .
" Now that makes it almost impossible for us to pursue the leads that the Christmas bomber might have .
That , to me , is unbelievable . "
Intelligence analysts say there 's no way to know how closely bin Laden is linked to the Christmas Day attack , if at all , but his message makes one thing clear .
" Osama Bin Laden is still alive .
He 's still having an influence on the al Qaeda movement and the al Qaeda narrative and he does have the ability to plan attacks , " Nelson said .
Administration officials say they 're still aggressively pursuing bin Laden , but in a recent interview ABC News ' George Stephanopolous asked Secretary of Defense Robert Gates when the United States last had good intelligence on bin Laden .
Gates responded : " I think it has been years . "
Some mistakes are so big that only smart people are tempted to make them .
One is the faith in Big Government .
We 'll see that in full force today , when Barack Obama gives another major address on the economy .
On the generalities , there wo n't be much real disagreement .
But at a time when many claim to see no difference between the two political parties , President Obama and his Democratic allies are making one distinction paramount : their operating assumption that bigger government ...
Your finest work takes more time than your audience has to spare .
But not us .
We have the patience , the technology , and the creativity to tell your story at lightning speed .
Whatever your project or timescale , we can turn it into a super - smooth time - lapse film , edited for minimal flicker , maximal enjoyment , and the liveliest audience attention spans .
And while we ’re recording , you can login at any time to use our cameras and technology for online monitoring and compliance .
Scenes from the battleground state of Pennsylvania , where many voters with ties to blue - collar industries continue to support Trump despite failing to deliver the coal renaissance he promised .
by Don Paskini
David Blackburn in the Spectator explains the horrors of inheritance tax :
Take one example : a family friend , who was a career soldier rising to the rank of Colour Sergeant , retired to a two - up two - down in suburban Essex and lived off a combination of state and service pensions for 27 years .
He died in 2006 and his estate yielded £ 84,000 in inheritance tax .
The deduction means that a maximum of 3 of his 4 grandchildren will enjoy the opportunities that a private education can offer ; he had intended all four to do so , among other things , such as enabling his children to move up the property ladder .
I ’m assuming this is the worst example of the iniquities of inheritance tax that Blackburn is aware of .
So the consequences are :
1 . The family ‘ only ’ inherited about £ 420,000 , having paid a lower rate of tax on the amount they inherited than if they had earned the money themselves by working .
2 . One of the four grandchildren has to go to a state school , because £ 400,000 is n’t enough apparently to cover the private school fees for four children .
3 . If his children want to move up the property ladder , they have to earn the money to do so themselves .
But , something like 93 % of children go to a state school , fewer than 1 in 20 families inherit as much as £ 400,000 from their parents , and most people have to earn their own money if they want to get on or move up the property ladder .
In other words , Blackburn is complaining that inheritance tax forces his family friends to experience the same conditions as those which the overwhelming majority of people in Middle England have to put up with .
We live in a country where millions of families , including many in Middle England , are really struggling to find a job , pay the bills or keep a roof over their heads .
Before we decide that families who inherit half a million pounds should n’t have to pay a penny of it in tax , and every family which inherits over £ 1 million should get a £ 280,000 tax cut , should n’t we use the tax system to give more help to the people on middle and lower incomes who have actually worked hard and earned their own money ?
Tesla Motors is preparing an initial public offering it hopes will raise as much as $ 100 million .
The company announced Friday that it has filed the Form S - 1 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed public offering .
The form says the stock would be issued " as soon as practicable . "
Tesla spokesman Ricardo Reyes declined to comment .
The announcement , widely anticipated and frequently rumored , comes just a week after the Department of Energy closed a $ 465 million loan to help the Silicon Valley automaker build the Model S sedan ( pictured ) .
The company has put 937 Roadsters in driveways since starting production two years ago , but that has n't kept it from losing money .
A lot of money .
The SEC filing provides the first clear look at the company 's finances .
It notes that Tesla has lost " approximately $ 236.4 million from our inception through Sept. 30 , 2009 " and said profitability depends upon successfully producing " automobiles such as the Model S " and growing public interest in electric vehicles .
Most of the major automakers are developing electric vehicles and plug - in hybrids , but Tesla has had the field to itself as the only company mass - producing a highway - legal EV .
That field will grow a little more crowded later this year , when General Motors and Nissan begin selling the Chevrolet Volt and Nissan Leaf , respectively .
The Roadster retails for $ 109,000 before the $ 7,500 federal EV tax credit , and the souped - up Roadster Sport starts at $ 128,500 before the credit .
The company has sold 937 cars and had $ 106.5 million in cash at the end of September .
Tesla posted its first profit in July , marking the first time it had been in the black since its founding in 2003 .
The company has teetered on the brink of financial ruin in the past , but it has always squeaked through .
Tesla got a $ 50 million infusion in May when Daimler bought a 10 percent stake in the company .
Speculation of an initial public offering ramped up in November , but the company has largely kept mum about its finances and plans .
According to the SEC filing , half of the proceeds from the IPO would have to fund a dedicated account toward the production cost of the powertrain in the Model S and the facilities to build the car , if the company is to be eligible to draw on all of its Department of Energy Loan .
The statement says Tesla will need every last cent of the $ 465 million the feds are putting up to build the car .
Tesla has n't said where it will build the Model S , but all signs point toward an old television and film production facility in the Los Angeles suburb of Downey .
Tesla says the Model S will see production in 2012 and – interestingly – the Roadster will cease production in 2011 .
It wo n't be back until at least one year after the S starts rolling off the line .
( Read more about that here . )
And speaking of the Roadster , the SEC filing contains an intriguing detail regarding its profitability :
In the financial data summary Tesla says it had a profit margin of 8 percent — not anemic but not good .
However , that entire margin seems dependent on zero-emission - vehicle credits , which will not be available by the time the Model S is commercially available .
Since the Roadster was arguably unprofitable even at a drive - away price of between $ 125,000 and $ 140,000 , it would seem that some unspecified efficiencies would have to be part of the success story for a vehicle with an MSRP touted to be half that — $ 57,000 before the federal tax credit .
Wired.com New York Bureau Chief John C Abell contributed to this report .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
West Hills resident Victoria Afonina works as a computer programmer for a major supermarket chain , so she knows probably better than most people how vulnerable her personal information is once it gets out into the open .
She routinely tells banks and other financial - service providers that they can’t share her information with other companies .
So it came as something of a shock when a letter arrived from Chase bank the other day informing Afonina that her name , address and account numbers were among confidential customer data that had been shared with another business .
Worse , according to Chase ’s letter , a file containing the info had been inadvertently posted online for all to see .
Advertisement
And as if that was n’t troubling enough , the information “ was accessed by a non-Chase employee , ” which narrows the list of possible suspects to , oh , about 6.6 billion people .
“ I was very upset , ” Afonina , 44 , told me .
“ I know that it only takes a fraction of a second for someone to copy files that appear on a website . ”
The incident serves as a reminder that , in the digital age , no one ’s personal information is ever 100 % safe .
More than 343 million records have been involved in security breaches over the last five years , according to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse , a San Diego advocacy group .
But the accidental posting of confidential customer data on another business ’ website is highly unusual , illustrating the ease with which your personal info can get out there -- even when you specify that you want your records to stay under wraps .
Advertisement
A Chase spokesman , Tom Kelly , declined to provide details of the breach , including the name or location of the other company involved , or how long customers ’ data were posted online .
He said only that Chase works with the other company to handle some of its mailing .
Afonina said that when she called a Chase customer service rep , she was told only that the incident happened in October .
So why did it take about three months for the bank to notify customers ?
“ We had to match the file to current customers , ” Kelly answered .
“ This was the amount of time it took . ”
He declined to elaborate on why a computer could n’t perform this task in a matter of minutes .
Advertisement
Kelly also declined to elaborate on the “ non-Chase employee ” who accessed the customer data .
Did he work for the mailing company ?
Is his identity even known ?
“ It ’s a non-Chase employee , ” Kelly reiterated .
“ That ’s the level of detail that we ’re sharing . ”
He said that even though people ’s names , addresses and account numbers were potentially exposed to identity thieves , no Social Security numbers were involved .
The file also did not identify the accounts as belonging to customers of either Chase or Washington Mutual , which Chase acquired in 2008 , Kelly said .
However , this probably would have been known if the person who accessed the file worked for the mailing company .
Advertisement
Kelly said Chase was offering a year of free credit monitoring ( using Chase ’s own monitoring service ) to anyone affected by the breach .
But this requires you to provide your Social Security number during the enrollment process -- a no- no for many people .
Afonina said she wants even more protection .
She intends to freeze her credit files , meaning that no one could access them without her say - so .
However , this will require a $ 10 fee ( per credit agency ) to place the freeze , plus another 10 bucks every time you authorize access to your files .
“ This is the best way to protect yourself if your information is released , ” Afonina said .
“ But Chase said they wo n’t pay for that . ”
Advertisement
Kelly said that “ given the circumstances of this incident , we do n’t think it ’s necessary . ”
In September , Chase sent letters to an unspecified number of customers informing them that a computer tape containing their personal information had gone missing from a third party ’s storage facility .
Kelly declined to provide details of that earlier breach .
Not to be rude , but I ’m kind of getting the feeling that Chase needs to pay a bit more attention to its business partners .
A trend is emerging , and it ’s not one that favors customers .
Hit and run
Advertisement
I wrote in November about a Pacific Palisades resident who was left to fend for herself after her car was rear - ended on the 101 Freeway .
The other driver , who probably was uninsured , took off after the accident .
The same thing just happened to me .
I was driving last week from Hollywood to downtown on the 101 in stop - and - go traffic when my car got bumped from behind .
We were n’t going fast enough for serious harm to be caused , but this was more than a love tap .
There was no way I could exit my vehicle in the middle of the freeway .
Advertisement
So I rolled down my window and pointed to the shoulder of the road , then carefully picked my way across three lanes of busy traffic .
The other car , a white sedan containing what looked like a pair of teenagers , appeared to follow .
But when I reached the shoulder , they were gone .
State officials believe the number of uninsured drivers has soared in tandem with sky - high unemployment .
Moreover , most insurance companies wo n’t cover any collision damage if you ca n’t identify the driver of the other vehicle .
In my case , what this means is a rear bumper with a few bumps and bruises -- it could have been a lot worse .
Advertisement
But I ’ll sure think twice next time before looking away from the other vehicle .
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
With seven years to prepare and a budget of about $ 2 billion , organizers have nearly everything in place for next month ’s Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Except snow .
A dearth of snow , and dim forecasts showing not a flake in the near future and temperatures too warm to manufacture it with machines , have forced Olympic organizers to go to the much - dreaded contingency plan at Cypress Mountain , where six skiing and snowboarding events are scheduled to be held .
The Games will go on , but not without some massive maneuvering .
Snow , some man-made and stockpiled during the season , will be brought in from higher elevations by land ( snow - moving equipment and dump trucks ) and possibly air ( a helicopter ) , according to the Vancouver Organizing Committee .
In some cases straw and wood forms will be used as foundations and topped with snow , further reducing the amount of snow needed .
At least one helicopter is already in action , moving straw bales that will give shape to competition courses normally made entirely of snow .
Can one species be transmuted into another just by swapping their blood ?
What are those funny little things swimming in my water ?
Did this Einstein guy get his math right ?
Those are a few of the questions addressed in a trove of history - making papers published by the United Kingdom 's Royal Society and released in their entirety to celebrate the 350th birthday of the world 's oldest scientific body .
The 60 papers are a testament to human curiosity , and the power of ingenuity and rigorous observation to overcome ignorance .
Here 's a few of Wired Science 's favorites :
__1666 : " __Tryals Proposed by Mr. Boyle to Dr. Lower , to be Made by Him , for the Improvement of Transfusing Blood out of One Live Animal into Another "
In this grisly opener to the inaugural issue of Philosophical Transactions , doctor Richard Lower suggested that the nature of organismal character might be revealed by swapping blood between dogs .
He wondered if " a fierce Dog , by being often quite new stocked with the blood of a cowardly Dog , may not become more tame , " and whether " a Dog , replenisht with adventitious blood , he will know and fawn upon his Master ; and do like customary things as before ? "
The answer , unsurprisingly , was no .
1671 : " A Letter of Mr. Isaac Newton , Professor of the Mathematicks in the University of Cambridge ; Containing His New Theory about Light and Colors "
In one of the most famous experiments ever , Newton used a glass prism to spread a beam of light into a rainbow spectrum , demonstrating that colors were a property of light 's refraction .
Not mentioned , however , is Newton 's earlier studies of light , in which he stuck a needle into his eye and recorded how colors changed as he pressed his retina into different shapes .
__1677 : " Observations , Communicated to the Publisher by Mr. Antony van Leewenhoeck , in a Dutch Letter of the 9th of Octob .
1676 .
Here English'd : concerning Little Animals by Him , Observed in Rain - Well - Sea . and Snow Water ; as also in Water Wherein Pepper Had Lain Infused " __
With new instruments of observation come discoveries ; Leeuwenhoek , the father of microscopy , was the first person to see bacteria and protozoa ( again and again and again , as the paper describes in painstaking detail . )
To help his audience appreciate their size , he likened " the propotion of one of these small Water - creatures to a Cheese - mite , to be like that of a Bee to a Horse . "
1752 : " A Letter of Benjamin Franklin , Esq ; to Mr. Peter Collinson , F.R.S. concerning an Electrical Kite "
Franklin was already famed for showing how an iron rod atop a tall building would attract lightning , thus demonstrating that thunderbolts were electrical rather than supernatural in nature .
Here Franklin describes a methodological trick that allowed the experiment to be " made in a different in more easy manner , which any one may try . "
__1822 : " Account of an Assemblage of Fossil Teeth and Bones of Elephant , Rhinoceros , Hippopotamus , Bear , Tiger , and Hyaena , and Sixteen Other Animals ; Discovered in a Cave at Kirkdate , Yorkshire , in the Year 1821 : With a Comparative View of Five Similar Caverns in Various Parts of England , and Others on the Continent " __
Reverend William Buckland believed in the Bible and Noah 's tale .
But he was also a geologist , and knew that layers of fossils contained in varying sedimentary layers could n't have been deposited by a single deluge .
Moreover , bones found in Yorkshire caves could n't have been carried by floodwaters , but must have come from animals who lived in a time undescribed by literal readings of scripture .
Buckland went on to describe the first dinosaur .
1920 : " A Determination of the Deflection of Light by the Sun 's Gravitational Field , from Observations Made at the Total Eclipse of May 29 , 1919 " *
* Before Einstein was a frizzy - haired icon of physics , he was an unknown amateur with a wild but intriguing theory about gravity , space and time .
If it was true , then light should bend as it passed through the sun 's gravitational field — and that 's exactly what researchers watching a total solar eclipse found , thus propelling Einstein and his theory into the limelight .
__1965 : " The Fit of the Continents Around the Atlantic " __
Even though man was about to walk on the moon , the idea that continents drifted across Earth 's surface was still controversial .
In this paper , Edward Bullard showed how neatly the continents fit together , from their shape to common properties of rocks and fossils .
Plate tectonics is now widely accepted , and an instructive reminder of how human knowledge is continually under construction .
Images : The Royal Society .
1 ) The design of Newton 's prism experiment .
2 ) Ben Franklin flying his kite in a thunderstorm .
3 ) Bullard 's drawings of the fit between South America and Africa . "
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gardeners at a National Trust property in Cambridgeshire are urging people to relieve themselves outdoors to help gardens grow greener .
A three - metre long " pee bale " has been installed at Wimpole Hall .
Head gardener Philip Whaites is urging his male colleagues to pee on the straw bale to activate the composting process on the estate 's compost heap .
He said the " pee bale " is only in use out of visitor hours , since " we do n't want to scare the public " .
He said : " For eight weeks now , male members of our garden and estate teams have been using the outdoor straw bale when nature calls .
" The pee bale is excellent matter to add to our compost heap to stimulate the composting process ; and with over 400 acres of gardens and parkland to utilise compost , we need all the help we can get .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " There are obvious logistical benefits to limiting it to male members of the team , but also male pee is preferable to women's , as the male stuff is apparently less acidic . "
By the end of the year , it was calculated that the 10 men from the 70 - strong garden and estates team will make more 1,000 individual trips to the pee bale , contributing towards the compost for the estate .
The estate said it will have saved up to 30 % of its daily water use by not having to flush the loo so many times .
Rosemary Hooper , Wimpole estate 's in - house master composter , said : " Most people can compost in some way in their own gardens .
" Peeing on a compost heap activates the composting process , helps to produce a ready supply of lovely organic matter to add back to the garden .
" Adding a little pee just helps get it all going ; it 's totally safe and a bit of fun too . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you are like me , and I am guessing most of you would never admit to it , you may have little idea of what exactly a concussion is .
Sure , we can all pick up on the fact that it is a head injury , or even a brain injury , but what exactly is happening ?
What is the story with one guy coming back in two days , and another guy loses his career ?
Since they seem to not be going away , make the jump for some video and some talk about what happens in a concussion and what exactly it means .
I talked to a handful of people , medical people mind you , but no brain - specializing medical people .
They all said basically the same thing .
They ( medical folk ) do n't know squat about concussions .
They know concussions are more serious than previously believed , and they know that they are aware that they know very little .
As our former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld once said in a way only he can , " as we know , there are known knowns ; there are things we know we know .
We also know there are known unknowns ; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know .
But there are also unknown unknowns -- the ones we do n't know we do n't know . "
Still with me ?
No ?
OK , me either really .
It is still a mind boggling quote .
The basic idea stands , though .
With concussions , the doctors and medical people at least know that they do n't know much .
It is a starting point at the very least .
Maybe defining what exactly a concussion is will help :
That was n't as helpful as I had hoped , so here is an animation , a very basic one , of what happens to cause a concussion :
Basically , the brain sits in a sac of fluid , and it is traveling at the same speed as the body .
When the body experiences a sudden stop , say from Mike Richards ' elbow , the brain does not have the ability to stop itself from slamming into the front of the skull and bouncing back .
Then it accelerates again , to the same sped the body is traveling only to experience another sudden stop caused by , say , a giant sheet of ice , and slamming into the back of the skull .
Until someone invents a type of seat belt for the brain , players need to rely on their helmet to protect them .
The helmets currently used in the NHL do not seem to be useful in this regard , and so several competing versions of new helmets have popped up , the most popular being championed by Mark Messier .
Back to concussions and the severity of the issue .
Players in the mid seventies would have been called all kinds of girls names and sent back on the ice after a concussion .
Today , they are shut down for weeks at a time , only to show progress and months later suffer a set back and be shut down again .
What changed ?
The ability to properly diagnose the issue and to share data .
In the seventies if someone died in Russia from concussion complications , no one in New York would have known .
Today , we would be able to know that in a second .
Doctors now have the beginning of a data base to properly diagnose what is happening and attempt to save the players career and / or life .
The difference between a player who comes back in a day ( Victor Hedman ) and a player who is still living in a world of hurt ( David Booth , or Pierre - Marc Bouchard for the hometown fans ) is a mystery .
No one can pin point exactly when Butch suffered his concussion , and he has been out of play for a long time now .
While Booth suffered an obvious and very traumatic collision , Bouchard did not .
Both have missed long term playing time .
The most innocuous hit can turn into a disaster , and the most brutal hit can turn out to be nothing .
What makes the difference is not completely understood .
Shape of the players skull in relation to the brain ?
The amount of fluid protecting the brain at the time of impact ?
Angle and direction of travel ?
Most likely all of the above .
Until medical science finds a way to prevent concussions , they are not going to go away in contact sports .
It is a menace we will have to live with for some time .
New helmets and new research will continue to help .
The fastest and best way for concussions to be prevented ?
How about a little respect out on the ice for your fellow human being ?
That would certainly be a good start .
One final thought on this , straight from my own twisted mind .
Where are the enforcers of the league on this ?
Screw the instigator penalty .
You are going to tell me that an extra two minute penalty , a penalty kill , or even the loss of two points out of a possible 164 for the year are going to stop you from standing up for your teammate ?
Come on .
Jump the boards , skate over , and pound the guy into oblivion .
It 's your job .
The team and the fans will understand that you have to take a suspension , and you know what ?
We will give you a standing ovation in your first game back .
Your jersey will become the hottest selling in the pro shop , and the next time Mike Richards comes to town , he may actually think twice about leveling your boy skating through the neutral zone , head down or not .
- Buddha
News about Peter Molyneux 's Fable series always perks my ears .
When Peter talks , I listen ( and take notes ) .
He makes a lot of promises , strives to deliver the greatest gaming experience of all time , and seems to come up a touch short each time .
I appreciate that Molyneux and Lionhead Studios always take big risks , even if they do n't always pay off .
Check+out+the+debut+trailer+for+Fable+III .
Oh+look , +a+troll .
Fable III has Xbox fans buzzing .
Once again , there 's the potential for greatness .
But if Fable III hopes to become a revolutionary game and a classic , it needs to do a few things differently .
Seeing as how I 've never designed a game , it only makes sense that I would come up with some friendly suggestions on how to improve the series .
Rather than a sweeping epic , the first two Fables were straightforward tales of wronged children who grew up to get revenge .
While this typical tale of revenge is a fine starting point , Fable III needs to up the quality of the narrative .
It 's difficult to buy into the morality system of a game when there is no nuance to the story .
Good and evil can be very black and white , but the consequences come off as arbitrary when the story is this vanilla .
The stories in Fable I and II are far from engrossing .
Fable III needs more than just a few plot twists , it needs complex characters with motivations greater than just " that 's what bad guys do .
" Fable II is a great game , but one of its major faults lies in the character interactions .
It 's hard to emotionally invest in a game when the lines of communication amount to grinding your hips and farting on someone .
If Fable III wants me to feel love ( and from that pain and loss ) , then the population of Albion need to react like real people and not cartoons .
The only way to make me feel a deep connection with the world is to create believable characters that I care about .
No one cries during an episode of the Flintstones .
Most games with morality offer only a handful of real choices throughout the experience that truly define your character as either good or evil .
Often " evil " is determined by killing wantonly and , for Fable II , being good means donating money .
What I want are choices .
Real choices .
Constant choices .
It ca n't just be the player saying , " Yeah I should kill everyone I meet because I 'm a jerk . "
These choices must have a major impact on the people of Albion .
Being " good " is n't about completing tasks for someone .
After all , a greedy person might do a simple job to get money from someone .
A good person sacrifices for the betterment of someone else and an evil person sacrifices someone else for his own betterment .
Make those choices come often and appear on both a small and large scale so that I might make 50 moral choices in one game .
Fable II was supposed to have consequences for every action .
In a way , this was true .
Turn into a bad husband and your wife leaves you .
Kill a lot of people and others run rather than talk to you .
Those are pretty rudimentary consequences , though .
In Fallout 3 , I could blow up an entire town .
The consequence for being bad ?
Megaton was gone for good .
I lost quests and access to items because of my actions .
That 's real consequence equal to the severity of the act .
Of course , blowing up Megaton opens new quests that would not otherwise be available .
It 's not about punishing the player ; it 's about making them feel that their actions have a real and measurable impact on the world .
Fable II is a great game , but it lacks monster variety .
A fantasy series like Fable has the chance to wow with creative and unique enemies .
Instead , we get Hobbes and bandits and werewolves .
There are so many ghoulish creatures from folklore that it's hard to believe Lionhead tapped out after just a handful .
Give me a haunted forest with possessed trees , feral animals , a blazing phoenix , golems , a chimaera , hellhounds , dream eaters , griffins and wyverns .
For starters .
Only Lionhead knows what is truly in store for gamers with Fable III .
If it can meet some of the criteria listed above , then it has a real chance at being one of the best RPGs ever made .
What do you want to see in Fable III ?
Let us know in the comments below .
The much anticipated and discussed Motorola MILESTONE is already available in the UK for 450 pounds .
But the Christmas shopping choice is limited , because eXpansys UK hold the MILESTONE exclusivity until the end of the year .
Motorola 's biggest hope is already available in the UK and can be yours SIM - free for 450 pounds .
Of course you can also opt for a subsidizing T - Mobile contract .
If you need a memory refresh , the MILESTONE is the European version of the USA DROID .
It 's the same Android 2.0 running touchscreen slider packing high - res 3.7 - inch capacitive touchscreen , full QWERTY sliding keyboard , all - round connectivity , 5 megapixel camera , fast ARM Cortex A8 processor and all that comes in only 13.7 mm thickness , which makes the MILESTONE probably the slimmest side - sliding QWERTY phone to date .
Well , there is only one difference with its DROID sibling and that is the multi - touch support .
The MILESTONE is capable of all that fancy pinching gestures , well known from the iPhone .
Here 's a quick video ad of the new mobile :
We only have one thing to say to Motorola - HD video next time please !
Source
Posted on by peaceiscomingforyou
There are many rules for eating , most of them surrounding the consumption of the flesh or reproductive secretions of non-human animals .
The psychology of carnism is a very interesting topic with many puzzling and often discomforting nuances concerning food , clothing , “ pets ” , and all of our other exploitation of non-human animals .
Humans , in general , seem to be very confused about their relationship to non-human animals , and in being so , construct all types of arbitrary rules and guidelines of what to avoid and what to ingest based on the morality and cultural acceptance of certain “ foods ” made from dismembered non-human animal parts and secretions .
Many grey areas emerge .
This is the enigmatic psychology of carnism .
Defined narrowly , carnism is the ideology behind our decisions to eat , wear , or love some animals , and not others .
Broadly defined , and how the word will be used throughout this examination , is that carnism is the ideology that it is morally acceptable to exploit non-human animals as resources for humans .
Basically , carnism is the opposite of veganism .
This examination will concentrate on the subject of food in the western world and the ethics and culturogenic speciesism surrounding the choices stereotypical groups of eaters make , the rules they formulate concerning their diet , and the moral and logical inconsistency within those choices .
Carnists
Carnists eat foods that contradict their values to avoid unnecessary suffering .
For this reason they mostly base their food choices on arbitrary species or cultural distinctions , though some try unsuccessfully to align their values with their diet , and some do n’t have values pertaining to diet at all .
The Foodie Carnist -
The foodie carnist is the least selective of those who hold the carnist ideology .
They are pretty much willing to try anything – any part of any plant or non-human animal , sex organs , brains , tongue , placenta , stomach lining , eyes , ears , nose , rectum , etc .
They are like the garbage disposals of eaters .
Only bacteria outmatch foodies in their desire for diversified gluttony ; their insatiable appetite for rotting carcasses , fermented placenta and embryotic fluid – just a few of the “ delicacies ” ingested by these strange folk .
No matter the extent of suffering inflicted to the meal – foie gras , veal , live sashimi – it is the duty of the foodie to disregard the violent past of their foods , and to only experience the present – no matter how unpalatable .
There is no species too taboo for this scavenger - group .
Cannibals are the only group that eats with less discernment than foodies .
Most of them , while they would n’t eat their dog , would eat dog .
The Anthony Bourdains of the world ( who very well could be closet cannibals ) are only interested in the pursuit of individual pleasure , a totally self - centered world view that demonstrates the height of conceit present in modern human society .
Foodie Rules
( None .
Maybe do n’t eat humans or pets .
Maybe . )
The Standard Carnist – The standard carnists ’ diet consists mainly of edibles that are acceptable to the general population .
While standards vary greatly from region to region , the carnists who follow them do n’t .
If mainstream society has deemed something or someone edible , they will eat it .
If mainstream society has deemed it or him or her inedible , they will not .
They leave it up to culture and tradition to decide their diet .
For americans , this usually entails eating mostly the muscle tissue of a select few species of dead and dismembered non-human animals , the reproductive secretions of a few mammals and birds , and a somewhat diverse amount of non-animal matter .
For many standard eaters , leaving a non-human animal carcass physically intact , i.e. with the head attached , is unacceptable and the internal organs , facial organs , marrow , connective tissue , or cartilage are not consumed , but mainly for disgust reasons .
However , the disgust is likely a reaction related to the ethical aspects of identifying with certain parts of the carcasses being similar to human parts , the empathy that is a natural biological response to the thought of the once living animal now butchered on the plate for the eater ’s pleasure , evidencing in the form of cognitive moral dissonance that requires dismemberment of non-human animal carcasses to facilitate the enjoyment of the flesh consumed .
Western standard eaters usually only find it morally acceptable to eat only a few species of animals – pigs , cows , sheep , chickens , turkeys , fish – maybe the occasional deer , rabbit , elk , or limited bird species ; and most species are morally off - limits – dogs , cats , horses , all apes , dolphins , whales , zebras , manatees , etc .
However , different parts of the world have completely different ethical rules about eating species that most standard westerners would find worthy of not -eating .
The rules have become very complicated when deciding which animals are “ okay ” to eat and which are “ not ” for standard eaters of different regions , religions , or cultural backgrounds thanks to our global travel capabilities , but in every different culture , there are the standard eaters that consume whatever everyone else does , with very little thought about why they do or whether they should .
Of all the ideologies of eating , the standard eater is the lemming .
They let other people choose what they will eat .
Sheep .
Baa .
( No offense , sheep . )
Standard Rules
Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Plants
Fungi
The muscle tissue of pigs , cows , buffalo , chickens , sheep , goats , turkeys , a few species of fish , a few species of shellfish , a few species of crustaceans , a few species of mollusks , and maybe some “ game animals ” like deer , elk , rabbits , pheasants , quail , etc .
Reproductive secretions of chickens , cows , goats , and sheep .
Secretions of bees
Processed bones , connective tissues , organs and intestines of chickens , turkeys , ducks , cows , pigs , sheep , goats , and horses .
( gelatin / hotdogs , etc. )
The Grey Area :
Veal
Foie gras
Snakes
Alligators
Frogs
Snails
Gizzards of chickens , turkeys , and ducks
Unprocessed livers of chickens , turkeys , ducks , pigs , and cows
Unprocessed hearts of chickens , turkeys , ducks , pigs and cows
Unprocessed hooves of pigs
Brain
Bull or buffalo testicles ( Rocky Mountain oysters )
Not Morally ( either superficially , or due to a physical disgust / empathy response ) or Culturally ( due to culturogenic disgust ) Acceptable to Eat :
Pets
Muscle tissue of any mammal , bird , reptile or amphibian not mentioned above
Reproductive secretions of any mammal or bird not mentioned above
Reproductive secretions of reptiles and amphibians .
Testicles of any animal not mentioned above
Secretions of insects other than bees
Insects
Eyes
Ears
Noses
Lungs
Rectum
Penis
Vagina
Anus
Spleen
Pancreas
Tongue
Entrails
The “ Conscientious ” Carnist– “ Conscientious ” carnists have themselves convinced that torture and killing are conscientious , but excessive torture and the prolonged agony resulting in death are not .
They are a little bit more involved with their food than standard carnists , but still rely heavily on cultural influence to dictate what is or is not edible for the most part .
Baa .
These extremely confused carnists have all the same cultural rules of eating as standard carnists , with the exception that they prefer the non-human animals that are exploited for their flesh and secretions be treated slightly less - torturous than the absolute maximum torture .
This group coined the concept of and term “ humane slaughter ” , as if this is not as oxymoronic as “ friendly fire ” or “ civil war ” , and as if anyone with an iota of critical thinking ability could not see the flaws in .
This group of carnists includes religious carnists who base their rules of slaughter on some notion of supernatural laws of “ sacrifice ” ( as if the animal in question is a willing participant ) or “ respect ” ( Respect means killing in a certain way to these people ) such as kosher or halal – which actually just turns out to be barbaric ritual slaughter in the tradition of the inhumane practices that took place in the horrific temples of bloody sacrifice called churches the members of Judeo - Christian religions have demonstrated throughout their history .
Some eschew some species because they are “ unclean ” .
Some religions eschew the flesh of non-human animals they consider sacred , while finding it morally acceptable to exploit those sacred animals for their reproductive excretions , but take no ethical issue with consuming the flesh of non-sacred non-human animals .
While the non-human animals exploited “ humanely ” ( it is unclear how one accomplishes this ) might have a slightly better – though equally and disturbingly short – life than others , cows exploited for their secretions are still fisted in the rectum , their vaginas entered forcefully , their newborn babies stolen from them after a day or so .
Turkeys still can’t reproduce through natural methods , forcing “ humane ” farmers to rely on force - insemination .
Breeding is the lifeblood of farming , and every female farm animal ’s reproductive cycle is manipulated against their will .
For some reason these “ conscientious ” carnists think that a cow ’s vagina is less important to the cow , than a human female ’s vagina is to the human female , insofar as both animals want to be free from forceful reproductive violation .
Why female carnists exist is a mystery in itself .
Male chicks are still ground up alive , suffocated , or “ disposed of ” in another way .
Male calves still get sent to veal farms .
Pigs are still castrated .
Regardless of what happens during life , they all meet the same deadly fate in the slaughterhouse , and this is the issue “ conscientious ” carnists avoid .
No matter what the adjective is describing the farming method , all farm animals are born slaves and will die slaves .
There is nothing “ conscientious ” about that .
Many of the proponents of “ conscientious ” carnism who advocate “ humane ” slaughter , if asked to describe the “ humane ” slaughter of a dog , cat , or dolphin for food , come up short for replies , relying on an arbitrary species difference .
Never questioning our use of non-human animals – our exploitation of them for their flesh and secretions – the “ concientious ” carnivore is only worried about treatment – and only enough to prevent themselves from experiencing the suffering empathy causes them .
Mark Twain said it best :
“ I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that we can stand the pain of another creature straight along , without discomfort , until it ’s pain gives us pain .
Then we become immediately and creditably merciful .
I suppose it is a pity that we have no higher motive for sparing pain to a fellow creature , still it is the cold truth – we have no higher one .
We have no vestige of pity , not a single shred of it , for any creature ’s misery until it reaches the point where the contemplation of it inflicts misery upon ourselves .
This remark describes every human being who ever lived . ”
“ Conscientious ” Rules
Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Plants
Fungi
Muscle tissue of pigs , cows , buffalo , chickens , sheep , goats , turkeys , a few species of fish , a few species of shellfish , a few species of crustaceans , a few species of mollusks , and maybe some “ game animals ” like buffalo deer , elk , rabbits , pheasants , quail , etc. , labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” , “ pastured ” , “ pasture - fed ” , “ grass - fed ” , “ free - range ” , “ cage - free ” , meaning the animals were subjected to only slightly less torturous conditions before being decapitated , shot , clubbed , electrocuted , slit at the throat , gassed , or suffocated .
Reproductive secretions of chickens , cows , goats , and sheep labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Secretions of bees
Processed bones , connective tissues , organs and intestines of chickens , turkeys , ducks , cows , pigs , sheep , goats , and horses .
( gelatin )
The Grey Area :
Foie Gras labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Veal labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Gizzards of chickens , turkeys , and ducks labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Unprocessed livers of chickens , turkeys , ducks , pigs , and cows labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Unprocessed hearts of chickens , turkeys , ducks , pigs and cows labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Unprocessed hooves of pigs labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Brain labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Bull or buffalo testicles ( Rocky Mountain oysters ) labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Snakes labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Alligators labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Frogs labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Snails labeled “ humanely raised ” , “ humanely slaughtered ” …
Not Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Pets
Muscle Tissue of any mammal , bird , fish , crustacean , shellfish , mollusk , reptile or amphibian mentioned above who was subjected to gratuitously inhumane treatment before being decapitated , shot , clubbed , electrocuted , slit at the throat , gassed , or suffocated .
Reproductive secretions of any mammal , bird , fish , reptile or amphibian mentioned above who was subjected to gratuitously inhumane treatment before being decapitated , shot , clubbed , electrocuted , slit at the throat , gassed , or suffocated .
Muscle tissue of any mammal , bird , reptile or amphibian not mentioned above
Reproductive secretions of reptiles and amphibians .
Reproductive secretions of any mammal or bird not mentioned above
Testicles of any animal not mentioned above
Secretions of insects other than bees
Insects
Eyes
Ears
Noses
Lungs
Rectum
Penis
Vagina
Anus
Spleen
Pancreas
Tongue
Entrails
The ( Lacto - Ovo ) Pescetarian – This group of carnists ’ rules are generally the same as the standard carnists ’ , except with a more limited view of which non-human animals are acceptable to exploit .
Curious is the allowance of one , and only one type of flesh , flesh from the sea .
It is likely the ethical reasoning behind this dietary choice is based on the misinformation that fish do not feel pain .
There is no evidence to believe this is true .
Fish , crustaceans , mollusks , and shellfish have all the necessary parts for feeling pain and suffering that humans that other animals do .
They feel pain and it makes absolutely no sense to believe otherwise .
While they usually include shellfish , crustaceans , mollusks , and other “ fish - like ” species , pescoes do n’t eat all of the sea flesh available – they usually refrain from consuming animals such as dolphins , whales , manatee , etc. on moral grounds .
Maybe because these species are mammals , and under the assumption that fish do n’t feel pain and mammals do , they refrain from consuming them ?
Do these people even know that dolphins are mammals , or is the choice another arbitrary species distinction ?
It is somewhat understandable for an uneducated person to draw a moral distinction between flesh and secretions , under the assumption that exploiting non-human animals for their secretions does not result in the death of those animals , but to single out an entire class of animal …wow .
In any case , of all the sects of the cult ( ure ) of carnism , these profoundly speciesist members are the most perplexing .
Pescetarian Rules
Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Plants
Fungi
Muscle tissue of a few species of fish , a few species of shellfish , a few species of crustaceans , and a few species of mollusks .
Reproductive secretions of chickens , cows , goats , and sheep who , after years of reproductive exploitation , all end up decapitated , shot , clubbed , electrocuted , slit at the throat , gassed , or suffocated .
Secretions of bees
The Grey Area :
Cheese made with sheep ’s rennet
Processed bones , connective tissues , organs and intestines of chickens , turkeys , ducks , cows , pigs , sheep , goats , and horses .
( gelatin )
Muscle tissue of amphibians
Not Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Pets
Muscle Tissue of any mammal , bird , or reptile
Reproductive secretions of any mammal , bird , reptile or amphibian not mentioned above
Secretions of insects other than bees
Insects
Eyes
Offal
The Lacto - Ovo ( Secretionist ) –
This group of carnists ’ , the secretionists , adds one more rule to the list of no - no ’s present in the different sects of dietary speceisism .
No flesh .
Assumedly under the false notion that exploiting non-human animals for their secretions does not result in the death of those animals , lacto - ovo carnists eschew flesh of any kind .
What secretionists seem to fail to realize is that all the animals they support the exploitation of end up in the same slaughterhouse as the animals they do n’t support the exploitation of .
Further , the consumption of cow ’s milk , or rape juice , is directly responsible for the veal industry .
Steer ’s genitals are often sexually mutilated or removed to provide farmers with testers for the breeding readiness of cows .
When cow ’s milk prices go down , entire herds get “ culled ” to drive production down , and therefor prices up .
These are just a few examples of the atrocities these self - proclaimed , and so - called “ vegetarians ” support .
There is no moral distinction between flesh and secretions , and no vegetarian would eat a secretion from an animal .
Vegetarians eat vegetables .
Secretionist Rules
Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Plants
Fungi
Reproductive secretions of chickens , cows , goats , and sheep who , after years of reproductive exploitation , all end up decapitated , shot , clubbed , electrocuted , slit at the throat , gassed , or suffocated .
Secretions of bees
The Grey Area :
[ Cheese made with ] sheep ’s rennet
Processed bones , connective tissues , organs and intestines of chickens , turkeys , ducks , cows , pigs , sheep , goats , and horses .
( gelatin )
Not Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Pets
Muscle tissue of any animal
Reproductive secretions of any mammal or bird not mentioned above
Reproductive secretions of reptiles and amphibians .
Secretions of insects other than bees
Insects
Eyes
Offal
The Traveller– Travellers have a hard time knowing what the rules are .
When in Korea , eating dog is acceptable .
In Japan , whale meat is still consumed .
From 100 - year eggs to Rocky Mountain oysters , seals to insects , the rules are always changing .
For some the rule is “ when in Rome ” , similar to a foodie carnist .
For others , the rule is “ go with what you know ” similar to a standard carnist .
Because of the cognitive dissonance in every day carnism , it is especially hard to determine what ’s edible on the road .
Of course there are other groups , such as the “ conscientious foodie ” , or the “ Non-Lacto - pesce - sometimes - steak - itarian ” , but they ’re retarded .
Or more retarded , rather .
None of the ways in which humans exploit non-human animals are necessary in any meaningful sense of the word , including for food .
The majority of members of these groups share the same universal moral value that animals should not be killed , or made to suffer unnecessarily .
All of these groups contradict that universal value by exploiting non-human animals for the taste of their flesh or secretions .
Many of the members of these groups have non-human animal companions they consider members of the family , who refuse to eat some non -human animals like dogs , cats , or dolphins on moral grounds , but eat the flesh and secretions of other equally sentient non-human animals , purely on the arbitrary basis of species membership .
The decisions to eat some animals and not others , to include some as members of the family and eat others , to consume the reproductive fluids of mammals into adulthood , shows how ridiculous and arbitrary cultural and moral decisions about carnists ’ diets are .
Foodies , are the least confused about their moral and cultural rules for eating in that they have none ; they treat most non-human animals equally by consuming any non-human animal , or any part or secretion of any non-human animal , they do n’t personally know .
Pescetarians have to be the most confused and illogical – choosing habitat , species membership and cultural inclinations to guide their choices .
And then there is another , less confused group :
Vegetarians
Vegetarians eat foods that correspond with their values to avoid causing unnecessary suffering .
For this reason , they eat only plant - based foods .
Vegetarian Rules
Morally / Culturally Acceptable to Eat :
Plants
Fungi
The Grey Area :
None
Not Morally Acceptable to Eat :
Any parts of any animals or any of their secretions .
Many people think it is hard to be vegan .
According to these lists , it seems as though carnists are the ones who make it hard for themselves .
It is easy to live a compassionate , healthy life where the only rule is to boycott suffering .
‘ Nuff Said .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Food , Health , Vegan | Tagged : abolition , america , animal rights , beef , chicken , factory farm , Food , humane , meat , milk , opinion , pigs , polyface , pork , propaganda , rights , slavery , Society , usa , veg , veg*n , Vegan , vegetarian , War / Peace , world |
The Department of Defense has identified 885 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans Thursday :
STEFFEY , Brandon K. , 23 , Specialist , Army ; Sault Ste. Marie , Mich. ; 89th Military Police Brigade .
STANLEY , Cody R. , 21 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Rosanky , Tex. ; First Marine Expeditionary Force
Ez az illusztrációs alkalmazás a hatékony vektorgrafikus módszert hozza el iPhone - ra , iPadre vagy iPod touchra .
Kezdő és profi művészeknek is elérhetővé teszi azokat az eszközöket , amelyekkel részletes és méretezhető rajzokat készíthetnek , legyen szó céges logóról , weboldal vázlatáról vagy építési rajzról .
Változatos munkálatok Minden faiparban dolgozó szakember tudja , hogy a faiparba nem csak kisebb , általános gépekre van szükség , hanem többfunkciós gépekre is .
A többfunkciós gépek sokkal több mindent el tudnak végezni , akár még kevesebb id ő alatt is , mint az általános gépek .
A Samsung az első a világ vezető mobiltelefon gyártó cégei közt , nem más követi , mint az Apple , és a rohamos léptekben feltörekvő Huawei , mely állítása szerint megcélozta , hogy 2021 - re letaszítja trónusáról a dél - koreai Samsungot .
De a fenyeget őzések ellenére a Samsunk még mindig az élen áll , és a Huaweinek azért lesz még egy nagy harca az iPhone -al a közeljövőben , ha meg akarja kaparintani az első helyet .
I have a long history with console music players , going back well into the early days of my Linux experiences .
I staked out an early preference for cplay , which unfortunately was akin to betting on a losing horse , since cplay has since vanished .
But these days I am a staunch moc supporter — now there ’s a console music player with a serious future .
But there are a lot more than just two console music players out there in the wild .
Take a casual walk through Arch - plus - AUR with a sprinkle of Google in there , and you can come up with at least six more working options , plus references to just as many more that are hard to find .
Take a look .
At the top left is Orpheus , and opposite it is Herrie .
Center left is mp3blaster , next to cmus .
And at the bottom left is ncmpc , next to mcplay .
( Sorry about the jpg artifacts .
Your bandwidth is precious . )
I can’t practically examine every single one here , but I can tell you a little about each one ’s style and approach .
Much in the same way as graphical music players , some maintain libraries of your music titles , while others rely on file browsers and playlists .
Both styles have their fans ; I for one happen to resent music “ managers ” and prefer browsers and lists .
Orpheus , for example , would probably be my player of choice if I did n’t have moc to enjoy .
Nicely colored and easy to figure out , it has a clear playlist and straightforward commands to add things .
Good use of screen space and a built - in search function .
Technically it ’s a few years out of development , but that does n’t keep the Arch version from working .
Herrie would probably be my third choice , since it also has a playlist / browser approach , but Herrie ’s style seems somewhat cumbersome at times .
Although the default keybindings and controls are similar to cplay , I do n’t like that titles seem to be removed from the list as soon as they are finished playing .
Sometimes I like to hear a song again , and a queue - system like that is less attractive .
mp3 blaster was the first console - based music player I ever remember trying , and it does n’t seem to have changed much in the time since then .
It is actively developed though , or at least received a stable update in the last year .
From a strictly superficial standpoint , it ’s probably the most obvious to figure out , since all the keypress options are labeled on - screen — all the way down to accessing your audio card controls .
On the other hand , it seems a little cluttered now , which is probably a side effect of having worked with moc for so long .
cmus is opposite of mp3blaster in that screenshot , and it ’s easy for me to understand why it has a following .
Keystrokes mimic a lot of vim commands , it uses a library system to access files , and it has a quick , clean feel about it .
Personally I got a few screen artifacts while running cmus , particularly while accessing files inside folders with unusually long names .
Not that that is a dealbreaker , but in addition to the fact that I do n’t like music managers , it ’s enough to keep me happy where I ’m at .
I have ncmpc in that screenshot but it ’s not configured , which is why you see error messages there .
ncmpc is a terrifically terse frontend for the mpd system , but it ’s only useful if you can get both of them installed , configured and handshaking .
That last part has always been the stumbling block for me . 😦
The last one you see there is mcplay , which looks and behaves almost keypress - for - keypress the same as cplay .
That ’s intentional , with the code - level distinction of being written in C , as opposed to the original ’s Python .
Whether that ’s a good thing or a bad thing depends on which language you prefer to use .
To me , there ’s no difference .
Many of these players reach back to the early part of this decade , and some of them might even have their roots in this one .
That ’s mjs , the MP3 Jukebox System , a program so old it was intended for use on Pentium I and Cyrix machines .
The code is still available , and its predecssor — a program called mms — is still in some RPM archives .
mjs will compile in Arch , although I got some strange screen colors while I was running it in rxvt-unicode , and I could n’t get it to connect to my audio hardware .
However , if you need an extremely lightweight player that can handle mp3 files , this might be the winner .
Be prepared to dig around in its guts though .
Also on the list , but not in a working state for me , were jinamp , benmp3 and pytone .
If you ’re willing to work with the old XMMS audio player , you have several CLI interfaces that might be useful to you .
Left to right that ’s …
xcplay , which also mimics the cplay interface ;
clxmms , which works like a command - line interface prompt for xmms ; and
ncxmms , which might have the easiest interface to learn .
These might be useful over ssh , in a situation where you have a remote machine that can handle the oh - so - taxing graphical demands of XMMS and GTK1.2 , but want to control it from the console .
Being terribly honest , I do n’t know if I personally would bother with any of them , since a machine that can handle XMMS can likely do fine by itself without a CLI prod .
Also be aware that some common video applications have audio playback capability .
Here , top to bottom , are alsaplayer with the - i text flag , MPlayer playing audio files , and VLC ‘s ncurses interface — which I must admit , I find very attractive .
The first two are rather primitive , with little in the way of interaction that does n’t fall outside their normal keypress playback .
The vlc version is just as useful as — and probably more flexible than — most of the console applications you see above .
This is n’t all of them , of course ; it ’s just not possible to scrape up all the audio players out there , even at the console level .
This is a rough list , and if you ’re looking for something to run light and take up little space , it might be helpful .
Otherwise , if I ’ve forgotten one , remind me of it . 😉
That is not all .
President Obama and I know we have to put our fiscal house in order .
This is why those who claim they oppose reform because they fear for our country ’s fiscal stability should finally acknowledge what the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office makes crystal clear : not only is the Senate bill paid for , it is this country ’s single largest deficit - reduction measure in a dozen years .
I share the frustration of other progressives that the Senate bill does not include a public option .
But I ’ve been around a long time , and I know that in Washington big changes never emerge in perfect form .
Those in our own party who would scuttle this bill because of what it does n’t do seem not to appreciate the magnitude of what it has the potential to accomplish .
Howard Dean was head of the Democratic Party .
I respect his leadership on health care , and I understand his criticism of the bill .
But it is worth noting that on some of the key health reform issues  like ensuring that Americans have access to stable , affordable coverage , and doing away with abusive practices by insurance companies  the reforms in the Senate bill would do even more than Vermont , the state he governed , has done .
And they would do it for the entire country .
What ’s more , this bill would expand both choice and competition in an insurance market that , for many Americans , has offered far too little of either .
The issues in the health reform bill are complicated , but the consequences of failing to pass it are straightforward .
Those who would vote no on this bill need to look into the eyes of Americans who do n’t have health care now and tell them they ’re going to be better off without this bill  better off continuing to live without health coverage .
They should explain to all those Americans who are denied coverage because they have pre-existing conditions or whose insurance ran out because of lifetime caps that they do n’t need this bill .
And they should tell the families who have insurance and the small - business owners who provide it that the relentless rise in their premiums without this bill will somehow make them glad it did n’t pass .
Is America better off today because a chance at a compromise health bill was missed in 1993 ?
For my friends on the left , the rising toll of the uninsured provides an emphatic no .
For my friends on the right , the soaring share of federal spending on health care likewise provides a no .
Let ’s not make the same mistake again .
How dare a progressive suggest a vote against the Senate health bill ?
When Howard Dean did just that last week he was roundly condemned for casting aspersions on what even many of its more ardent supporters admit is an obviously flawed bill .
Instead of focusing their wrath on the few obstructionists in the Senate who blackmailed the majority into dropping a much - needed public option in order to avoid a filibuster , they made Dean the villain for daring to suggest that passage of this deeply compromised legislation might make the nation ’s health care system worse .
Dean deserves much better , and his concerns as a physician and a progressive politician are worthy of serious attention .
As the former governor noted in a Washington Post Op - Ed article last week : “ I have worked for health - care reform all my political life .
In my home state of Vermont , we have accomplished universal health care for children younger than 18 and real insurance reform — which not only bans discrimination against preexisting conditions but also prevents insurers from charging outrageous sums for policies as a way of keeping out high - risk people .
I know health reform when I see it , and there is n’t much left in the Senate bill .
I reluctantly conclude that , as it stands , this bill would do more harm than good to the future of America . ”
The devil is in the details , and the devil ’s scribe here is Joe Lieberman — and , by extension , the insurance companies he so faithfully represents .
Lieberman was responsible for striking a public option and Medicare buy - in from the Senate legislation that now includes no effective restraints on the power of the big insurers that have created our health care monstrosity .
The insurance companies know they have won big , as reflected in the dramatic increase in their stock valuations in recent weeks as the Senate bill came to exclude all forms of the public option .
The likelihood that even the anemic public option will not appear in the final bill was made clear Tuesday when President Barack Obama dismissed the option provision , which the House bill still includes , as nothing more than “ a source of ideological contention between the left and right , ” adding in an interview with The Washington Post , “ I did n’t campaign on the public option . ”
True , but he did campaign against Hillary Clinton ’s plan to mandate insurance coverage as the Senate bill does .
As Obama put it in Wisconsin in February 2008 : “ I believe the reason people do n’t have health care is n’t because no one ’s forced them to buy it .
It ’s because no one ’s made it affordable . ”
The biggest problem is that the legislation passed by the Senate forces Americans , under penalty of law , to make a decision about an expenditure of their own funds that they may not feel is in their interest .
The carrot of a publicly financed option has been eliminated , and thus tens of millions of Americans are left with the stick of an expensive insurance obligation that they may not be able to afford .
In criticizing the Massachusetts law , which is close to the Senate bill in conception , Obama said on a campaign stop in Cleveland in February 2008 , “ We still do n’t know how Sen .
Clinton intends to enforce a mandate , and if we do n’t know the level of subsidies that she ’s going to provide , then you can have a situation , which we are seeing right now in the state of Massachusetts , where people are being fined for not having purchased health care but choose to accept the fine because they still ca n’t afford it [ insurance ] , even with subsidies . ”
That ’s what concerns Dean about the Senate bill : “ The bill was supposed to give Americans choices about what kind of system they wanted to enroll in , ” he said .
“ Instead , it fines Americans if they do not sign up with an insurance company , which may take up to 30 percent of your premium dollars and spend it on CEO salaries . ”
Hopefully , if the bill is passed , Dean will be proved wrong and I respect the man enough to expect that he would welcome a positive outcome .
But I fear that the opposite will occur , with the cause of health reform given a bum rap as costs increase , the public feels ripped off and Obama is held responsible for the health care mess he insists he can correct without getting to the heart of the problem : providing a publicly accountable alternative to the proven greed of medical industry corporations .
In Hungary the Financial Crisis has picked up a Second Wind John Horvath
Hungarians are bracing for worse times ahead , some feel that a social explosion is imminent
At the beginning of this month the Hungarian parliament accepted the government 's latest budget through a vote that more or less ran along party lines .
In much the same way as the country is politically divided along two main rival camps , so too economists view the budget in either one of two ways : either the latest Hungarian budget is indicative of the government 's commitment to reform and has brought the country back from the brink of disaster , or the budget seeks to sink the country further into the mire of recession by making an already bad situation worse .
Indubitably , most investors and international institutions are of the former view ; most Hungarians , on the other hand , fear the latter to be closer to the truth .
The bankruptcy last year in September of one of the world 's largest financial institutions , Lehman Brothers , is taken by most to be the official start to the global financial crisis .
Yet in Hungary the crisis was already well underway albeit not proclaimed publicly .
Nevertheless , most financial experts at the time were quite aware of the state the country was in at the time .
Likewise , although much has been made subsequently about how close Hungary had come to insolvency , the truth of the matter is that the country was already bankrupt ; it was just not officially announced as such .
Indeed , many consider Hungary to be still insolvent .
The proof is in the fact that the country is unable to function without loans from the IMF and the EU .
Naturally , the government is trying to put a brave face on the situation .
In fact , it had recently announced that it wo n't be drawing on the remainder of the IMF loan it had negotiated last year to pull the country “ from the edge ” .
While for some this may seem to be a further indication that the country is really moving out of recession , others are more sceptical .
They feel that Budapest is not drawing on the remainder of the loan because it does n't want to , but rather because it is not allowed to .
If this is indeed the case then it wo n't be the first time that Hungary got into trouble with the IMF in this way .
In 1989 Hungary was not allowed to draw on a final instalment of a loan because it had lied to the IMF about how large the state deficit was .
Similarly , a year later the final instalment on another loan also could n't be drawn because Hungary could n't meet the necessary conditions .
In fact , between 1982 ( when Hungary first joined the IMF and immediately asked for a loan ) and 1996 ( the last major IMF loan prior to the current one )
Hungary had negotiated a total of $ 5 billion USD in loans of which one third was n't drawn on because the country for one reason or another had failed to meet the conditions set by the IMF .
A Taxing Issue
It is a well - known fact that IMF loans to countries come with strings attached .
These strings make up a package known as structural adjustment , although the IMF is not fond of using this term nowadays because of the negative connotations it has to such programs in the past .
In essence , structural adjustment forces a country to create an environment favourable to big business often at the expense of society as a whole .
This is accomplished through massive cuts in public spending , especially in the areas of education and health .
As a result , these sectors are left open to privatization and exploitation by big business since schools and hospitals are in desperate need of funding that governments no longer can or are willing to provide .
Although the Hungarian government has tried to fulfill the dictates of the IMF in this latest budget through a very drastic set of cuts in spending , it 's obvious that it has n't gone far enough .
In particular , its failure to introduce a comprehensive form of property tax that would target the poor has once again irritated the IMF .
For years Hungary has promised to introduce a comprehensive form of property tax but has always failed to do so , mainly because of the public backlash it would cause .
The latest attempt this year had to be modified because of remarks made by the prime minister which upset many people .
Basically these remarks amounted to that if a person can't pay the property tax because of the size of their home then they should move out and live in a smaller place .
It goes without saying that it wo n't be publicly acknowledged ( and least not yet ) by any of the parties concerned whether or not this is the real reason why Hungary is n't drawing on the remainder of its IMF loan .
There are some , however , who argue that this is n't the problem at all .
Rather , they see the government 's refusal to draw on the outstanding amount in terms of political prudence .
Since the present Hungarian government is extremely unpopular thanks to its economic policies of the past few years and that an election is set for the spring of next year in which it is almost certain to lose , the present government is doing as much as possible in order to make it difficult for the new government when it assumes office .
Political machinations aside , those in support of the government 's latest budget attempt to justify its severe austerity measures by noting that Hungary will actually be in a better position than most countries within the EU because it is taking the bold step of swallowing the bitter pill of reform first .
In other words , while other governments are increasing their budget spending , Hungary will have already gone through the worst and thus emerge in a much stronger position .
Such reasoning is absurd , to say the least .
The strategy adopted by some countries , including leading economies such as Germany , is that by increasing government spending they are investing in the economy in the hope that it would lead to a period of growth much sooner than it otherwise would .
Thus , the increased government debt would be offset by an increase in revenue related to the growth generated by government spending .
Along these lines , there would be no need for austerity measures in the first place since the economy would have moved out of recession before such measures would be necessary .
The fact that what Hungary is doing is the opposite of what other countries are doing has raised some eyebrows .
This has led some to accuse the IMF of deliberately weakening the Hungarian economy for ulterior purposes .
Critics point to the fact that the policies dictated by the IMF are contrary to the stimulus policies that the IMF recommends for rich countries , and directly contrary to the global stimulus objectives for the world economy as a whole .
Also , as a recent paper from the Center for Economic and Policy Research published earlier this year makes clear that " the main purpose of providing balance of payments support to a developing country in a time of recession or approaching recession is to enable the government to pursue the expansionary fiscal and monetary policies necessary to stabilize the economy . "
Hence , the austerity measures being imposed on countries such as Hungary are clearly in conflict with the economic logic of providing loans in the context of an economic crisis .
For the vast majority of Hungarians , the effect such policies will have on their economy does n't require a MBA or an in - depth of knowledge of economic theory .
Over 100,000 jobs have been lost since the official start to the financial crisis last year .
All these people were tax payers .
The net loss of these jobs not only means that there will be less revenue for the government because of this shortfall , but these people will also be drawing on government expenditure in the form of welfare , early pensions , and unemployment benefits .
Some will also incur an additional cost to society in terms of health care ( alcoholism , suicide , and stress - related illnesses ) , vandalism , and petty crime .
To make matters worse , the government 's austerity measures looks set to increase this number further .
For example , government support for the physically and mentally handicapped has been cut back drastically to the extent that many programs which helped handicapped people integrate into the workforce will have to be scrapped , leaving many without support and , in effect , without a chance to work .
The same can be said for almost all key government programs .
The country 's network of ambulance services , for example , is in such an overloaded state that some feel that by the beginning of next year the entire system will collapse .
Similarly , state - sponsored media have warned that because of a drastic cut in funding they will be unable to continue broadcasting at the level they are now .
This means that programs geared primarily toward minorities and rural areas may soon be replaced by a blank screen .
Public transport , meanwhile , both on the local and national levels , are also facing bleak prospects .
Budapest 's transport authority , the BKV , is more or less bankrupt and was only saved at the last minute by an emergency cash injection , on the condition that ticket prices are raise by 4 % in January .
Still , many do n't see how the company will be able operate in the future .
The same goes for Hungarian State Railways ( MAV ) and even the recently reacquired Hungarian Airlines ( MALEV ) , both of which are unable to function without extra government support .
In the case of all three companies , their financial woes were primarily caused by extreme cases of corruption and poor management .
On the local level , municipalities which have already been struggling to survive over the years may themselves soon become bankrupt .
A few have already become insolvent and the fear is that many more will follow suit as they are forced to take on debt in order to provide basic services .
For some , even the provision of basic services is already such a burden that they have begun to cutback on such services altogether .
The situation has reached such levels that some municipalities have resorted to drastic measures in order to raise cash .
One village in Hungary , for instance , has offered to sell street names .
Hence , anyone can have a street named after them if they are willing to pay for it .
All this has not only led the present government to be hugely unpopular , but has also led to a noticeable rise in anti-multinational sentiment .
This was clearly expressed recently in the southern town of Pecs where the municipality took control of the city 's water works , shutting out the French company Suez by force .
As elsewhere , many have woken up to the realisation that not everything should be left in the hands of private enterprise .
In the case of Suez , the high water rates had prompted the authorities to once again take control of their infrastructure .
Not only this , Suez appears to have committed serious crimes while in charge of the water works -- including fraud , embezzlement , money laundering , forgery and the misappropriation of funds .
Thus , it seems that as economic conditions worsen in Hungary the battle lines are becoming ever clearer .
Previously , few questioned the prevailing ideology of neo-liberalism : capitalism and the “ logic of the market ” was a universal axiom that all political parties adhered to ; wherein they differed were minor points of emphasis , but the fundamentals remained the same .
This apparent awakening of the population to what capitalism really entails has been disquieting not only to the country 's political establishment but many western governments as well .
It goes without saying that the concern of the latter is n't for the plight of people subjected to the full force of the government 's austerity measures , but to safeguard the investments made by companies and wealthy individuals that they indirectly represent .
Along these lines , embassies from leading Euro - Atlantic countries recently issued a veiled warning to the government over a decline of investor confidence because of recent events .
Although this warning made note of the problems of government corruption , there is no doubt as to where the emphasis of their message really lay .
A Corrupting Influence
The sudden interest by western embassies in government corruption in Hungary should come as little surprise considering that it comes on the heels of the water works dispute in Pecs , as well as the recent awarding of radio frequency licences to rival stations .
This is n't to say that these and other cases are n't free of some form of corrupt influence .
On the other hand , it 's no coincidence that these recent events also run counter to the interests of certain governments within Europe and across the Atlantic .
In the case of the Pecs water dispute , France made clear that it was unhappy with what had transpired .
Likewise , the government 's pro-business stance was also made apparent by their commitment to helping out Suez in the dispute .
For many , the government 's position is a clear example of economic treason , something which it has engaged repeatedly over the years and which has , in effect , led the country 's economy to the sorry state it is now in .
There are , however , forms of corrupt behaviour not unique to Hungary but which cut across the entire EU -- affecting old and new members alike .
The most common is the issue of outrageous salaries paid to CEOs .
Although in the eyes of the law such behaviour is not actually considered criminal , to the general public it is seen as such , and is regarded as the simple manifestation of a corrupt economic system in practice .
Politicians in leading European countries have realised as much and in September of this year worked out a deal to force banks to link bonuses to long - term performance .
It 's widely acknowledged that the previous system encouraged short - term risk - taking , which helped trigger the banking crisis .
Yet in countries such as Hungary the problem of corruption is much more widespread .
Salary and severance pay issues have permeated the BKV to such an extent that local politicians have also been caught in the line of fire .
Presently the police are investigating over 800 BKV contracts for irregularities related to excessive pay .
The problem of outrageous salaries in Hungary is n't limited to just business enterprises but extends all the way through the civil service and even to the head of the national bank ( MNB ) who makes four times as much as his American counterpart .
One may argue that the job by the head of the MNB , Andras Simor , is much more important and prestigious than that of the head of the Federal Reserve in the US , but very few would buy this argument .
Aside from this there is also the problem pertaining to the activities of offshore enterprises .
Not only was Simon embroiled in a scandal in where he transferred a large portion of his wealth to an offshore account in Cyprus , but nearly everyone within the government is tainted in one way or another by an offshore scandal of sorts .
This includes in Finance Minister , Peter Oszko ( often dubbed as Peter Offshore ) whose previous job was as a “ tax optimization ” consultant ; in other words , he helped clients to avoid paying taxes in Hungary through various offshore schemes .
The effluence of offshore activities affecting the Hungarian economy in terms of lost tax revenue is such that it goes all the way to the very top , including the Prime Minister himself .
His association with an offshore company called Wallis International was involved in the bankruptcy a few years ago of a major poultry processing plant that ruined the livelihood of hundreds of farmers , ultimately leading several to commit suicide .
At the time his reaction was simply that they did n't understand the business they were in ; ironically , this is the very same person who had since been entrusted to pull the country out of a crippling recession and financial crisis .
The Empire Strikes Back
Realising the growing backlash against multinationals , the government has gone on the offensive by trying to point out their intrinsic worth .
Recently the Prime Minister , Gordon Bajnai , held a lecture at a university attempting to explain the virtues of his government 's program and IMF - directed recommendations .
He also stressed that foreign multinationals are important to the Hungarian economy , noting that they have created 300,000 new jobs in Hungary over the past twenty years .
This message was similarly repeated on state media as well as commercial media outlets in support of the government agenda .
While such statistics may sound impressive , in actual fact they are n't .
True , while multinationals have created 300,000 new jobs in the past 20 years , during this same time period over 1.5 million jobs had been lost due to privatization and restructuring the economy in order to benefit the operation of multinationals .
In fact , 100,000 jobs were lost in the past year alone due to the financial crisis and some analysts believe an equal number will be unemployed in the coming year as well .
Not only this , at the rate that multinationals have created new jobs over the past two decades , it will take them another 100 years or so to replace the jobs that were lost during that same time frame .
Even the European Commission concedes that the effect of multinationals on an economy is not that great and that it 's micro , small and medium sized enterprises ( SMEs ) which are the important drivers of innovation and change in Europe .
According to statistics compiled by Marta Kozak of the International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) , micro , small and medium - sized enterprises represent 99 % of an estimated 23 million enterprises in the EU and provide around 75 million jobs representing two - thirds of all employment .
Indeed , they contribute up to 80 % of employment in some industrial sectors such as textiles , construction , and furniture .
In spite of the importance these enterprises have on the economy , little if anything is done in Hungary to serve their needs .
Instead , emphasis has been on creating an environment catered to the interests of multinational corporations .
As a result , it has been estimated that about one - sixth of the country 's GDP flows directly towards multinationals in one form or another .
Accordingly , the biggest problem facing the Hungarian economy , and one which has been aggravated by successive government policies , is the country 's over - reliance on imports .
Most economists agree that a country that is dependent on imports is doomed to failure .
And yet little has been done to wean the country off this self - destructive path .
This over - reliance on imports is reinfroced by an unusually ( and unjustifiably ) strong currency .
In many ways , it is the converse to what goes on elsewhere .
In China , for example , Beijing keeps its currency artificially weak in order to encourage exports , much to chagrin of other countries such as the US .
Because of generous tax breaks and other incentives , the “ playing field ” in Hungary is anything but level and Hungarian producers are unable to compete with their foreign counterparts .
This situation is further exacerbated by the fact that the government has done its best to hinder its own farmers through red tape and by providing little or no form of support whatsoever .
In addition to this , the payment of EU subsidies to farmers is often delayed .
In other countries the situation is usually the opposite .
To make matters worse , with falling real wages of 3 - 5 % over the past few years Hungarian consumers actually seek out the cheap imports because they can't afford better quality , yet more expensive , local produce .
An equally enigmatic problem for the Hungarian economy is that of interest rates .
Not only is the Hungarian economy unsustainable because of excessive imports , persistently high interest rates likewise makes the task of overcoming the country 's economic crisis near to impossible .
For one , the state debt is at a record high of about 80 % of GDP .
Most economists regard this is as an impossible hurdle to overcome .
This is made all the worse by the fact that successive governments have tried to service much of this debt through treasury bills and government bonds .
While the government has repeatedly tried to bring interest rates down it has always failed .
This is because when such attempts are made the currency usually begins to weaken at an alarming rate , forcing the national bank to raise rates once again .
As with the unusually strong currency , some observers feel that Hungary 's high interest rates serve an ulterior purpose and do n't truly reflect market fundamentals .
In essence , Hungary acts as a hedge fund for foreign investors trying to maintain high returns that can no longer be secured closer to home .
Again , the IMF is seen as playing a pivotal role in all this .
One way in which countries such as Hungary can shield themselves from the devastating whirlwind of currency speculation and rising interest rates is to introduce capital controls so as to limit the ability of foreign funds to enter and flee a country easily .
However the IMF is against such controls arguing that it restricts economic freedom .
Because of this , the Hungarian economy is forced into a no -win situation .
It has to adhere to IMF dictates otherwise it wo n't receive the cash it badly needs to avoid bankruptcy .
In turn , concern over a looming currency attack provides a perfect excuse for why the government can't undertake genuine stimulus measures even if it wants to .
This no -win situation is compounded by the fact that a sudden devaluation of the Hungarian currency to more realistic levels would have a catastrophic effect on most people .
Personal savings and property values would shrink , impoverishing many .
Most Hungarians are quite aware of this : earlier this year when the Hungarian currency began to devalue at an alarming rate , people rushed to convert what they could into Euros and US dollars .
The rush was such that many exchange offices ran out of hard currency .
This uneasy situation is also reflected in the fluid state of consumer prices .
Prices in Hungary are anything but stable , and price stability is what lies at the heart of any properly functioning economy .
Of most concern is the price of electricity and natural gas which have been increasing steadily throughout the year .
With rising prices and falling real wages a growing number of people have begun to default on their utility bills .
Some companies have responded by trying to make payment terms a little easier but this has been of little help .
As the end of the year approaches there is growing apprehension of what lies ahead .
The Hungarian currency has once again begun on a slide downward , albeit not as quick as it was at the beginning of the year .
Nevertheless , this unstable situation has many economists worried .
In effect , while most countries have been cautiously optimistic that they are moving out of recession , in Hungary it appears that the financial crisis has picked up a second wind and will return with vengeance in 2010 .
Even the government does n't appear too optimistic .
At first the prognosis was the same as everyone else at the beginning of January that by the end of this year the economy would slowly but surely climb out of recession .
By the summer the hope for a recovery had changed to the spring of next year ,
The latest forecasts now see hard times ahead until the fall of next year and even then the government warned that there will be challenges ahead and the recovery will be somewhat muted .
Future Uncertain
As people try to make ends meet the best they can , the government is clearly desperate for alternative sources of revenue .
This can be seen in some of the legislation that was recently passed , For example , a tax on donations has meant that many enterprises have foregone giving to charities this year .
The desperation on the part of the government is such that it even results to trickery in order to secure funding for some of its programs .
For example , when it was discovered earlier this year that electricity companies had overcharged customers and that a court ordered them to reimburse consumers , the government stepped in and instead of refunding customers the money was simply appropriated and put into a government program that gave financial assistance to those most affected by the financial crisis .
This money , in turn , was primarily used by people to pay their outstanding utility bills , so that in the end most of the money found its way back in the coffers of the electricity companies .
These and other measures have raised fears that in its desperate search for cash the government will be soon eyeing private savings as a possible source of income .
Previous administrations struggling with the debt problem indubitably looked at a variety of alternatives to taking out more foreign loans .
One option , which was explored by the Medgyessy government ( 2004 - 6 ) , was to raise funds by issuing special bonds or even paying civil servants or suppliers partly in “ script ” ( a government IOU ) .
Tibor Draskovics , who was Finance Minister at the time ( and recently stepped down as Justice Minister ) had then considered resurrecting enforced “ investment ” in government bonds , an approach often used in former communist times to plug holes in the state budget .
During the communist years employees were compelled to put their names down for ' peace ” or “ five - year - plan ” bonds .
At the demise of the totalitarian regime in 1989 billions of so - called socialist victory bonds amounting to billions of HUF at face value remained outstanding .
In due course , all this fancy paper became worthless scrap overnight .
Some people made use of the elaborately illustrated sheets as wallpaper for their bathrooms and toilets .
Although some economists argue that mandatory bond purchases or the acceptance of scripts could help bridge the chasm in government financing , the lack of public trust in the government , mostly due to past experience , would indubitably lead to capital flight from the country .
Moreover , since only about 10 % of the population has savings of more than 1 million HUF ( about 3,500 Euros ) and that most of these people have the wherewithal to park their money outside the country , it 's hard to see how much the government could actually gain from such an action .
On the other hand , desperate times frequently call for desperate measures .
With the pressure mounting on all sides , some feel that a social explosion is imminent .
This does n't mean , however , that people will suddenly mobilize and force the government to abandon the IMF dictates and introduce true forms of economic stimulus , including making multinationals pay their fair share of the tax burden .
Indeed , it 's far too simple to think that popular mobilization can defeat the IMF 's extraordinary power ; there are countless examples of governments imposing draconian IMF policies despite popular uprisings , riots , and insurrections .
Moreover , the brutality of the Hungarian police in the recent past shows just how far the government will go in order to enforce the status quo .
Along these lines the future looks quite bleak for many Hungarians .
Economic insecurity has given rise to political apathy on the one hand and extremism on the other .
This , in turn , fuels the rise of radical movements , as exemplified by the rise of the right - wing Jobbik Party in Hungary .
While all this may seem to be a Hungarian problem , it 's actually something which affects the entire EU .
For one , it 's not only Hungary which is going through this process , but many other countries within the region as well .
Not only this , more established EU member states are also feeling the pressure .
Greece is a case in point .
The economic failure of Hungary will no doubt have a lasting and negative impact on the rest Europe .
This is not only in terms of economics , but politics as well .
The Jobbik 's uniformed paramilitary wing , the Hungarian Guard , has already been emulated elsewhere , such as in the Czech Republic , and in London a branch of the Jobbik has been established .
Meanwhile , within the European parliament an alliance of nationalist parties was set up , among them the Jobbik , the British National Party , and the French National Front .
As long as Brussels prefers to look the other way while neo-liberalism wreaks havoc on the economies of Central and Eastern Europe , this situation will only get worse .
Most Hungarians had high hopes when joining the EU , believing that membership would bring economic prosperity and a certain guarantee against government abuse .
In both cases people have been disappointed to find out that they were wrong .
( John Horvath )
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
A tale of destroyed documents , fraud , conspiracy and the misuse of millions of government dollars would seem to have all the juicy ingredients of a scandal that journalists would kill to cover .
However , the mainstream media apparently does n’t think that Climategate is news .
ABC
News has n’t deemed the story newsworthy .
Neither has CBS nor NBC .
If Americans only got their news from the networks , they would not know about the global - warming fraud or would merely think there was a simple misunderstanding about what scientists meant in some vague e-mails
Never mind that two major universities have at least temporarily removed prominent academics from heading major climate research facilities .
Never mind that there are real questions raised about the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s ( IPCC ) controversial assessment report that the Obama administration and global - warming advocates have continually hyped in order to advance their case for new global regulations to curtail purported global warming .
Liberal news agencies might be casting a blind eye at this controversy , but even left - wing comedians such as “ The Daily Show ’s ” Jon Stewart take these events seriously enough to make fun of the defenses being offered by the scientists caught in the scandal .
Take one of Mr. Stewart ’s jokes regarding the now infamous e-mail about the “ trick of adding in the real temps to each series … to hide the decline [ in temperature ] . ”
A Tuesday repartee follows :
Mr. Stewart : “ It ’s nothing .
He was just using a trick to hide the decline .
It is just scientist speak for using a standard statistical technique recalibrating data in order to trick you into not knowing about the decline .
But here is what is great about science in disagreement .
We go back and look at the raw data . ”
Announcer : “ University scientists say raw data from the 1980s was thrown out . ”
Jon Stewart : “ Why would you go and throw out data from the 1980s ?
I still have Penthouses from the 1970s . ”
Despite cracks on late - night TV , the scandal is not considered newsworthy by the major television networks .
The Media Research Center reported that through Tuesday , “ none of the broadcast network weekday morning and evening news shows addressed Climategate or the incriminating [ East Anglia climate scientist Phil ] Jones development . …
This marked 12 days since the information was first uncovered that they have ignored this global scandal . ”
The networks found plenty of airtime to cover rumored family problems plaguing professional golfer Tiger Woods .
Yet , even though there is climate - regulation legislation pending in Congress that could cost Americans trillions of dollars , network producers do n’t see anything newsworthy in a scandal exposing fraud in global - warming research .
Such omissions make mainstream news complicit in the cover-up .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
When an accident occurs and is caused by negligence , the injured victim can typically file a lawsuit to obtain compensation from the careless person or entity responsible for causing injury .
Unfortunately , in some tragic cases , the injuries from an accident are so serious that they result in death .
A negligent person cannot escape legal liability for what he has done by killing his victim .
Instead , the family members of the deceased can file a wrongful death claim in order to obtain monetary compensation .
While no amount of money can ever truly make up for the loss of a family member , wrongful death damages can at least help to ensure that the death does n’t cause serious financial hardship and can ensure that the person who carelessly caused the death pays the consequences .
At the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman , our Massachusetts wrongful death attorneys understand the devastation that comes with the loss of a loved one and we know how important it is to protect a family ’s financial future .
We will put our legal knowledge , skills and dedication to work for you to provide you with compassionate representation and fierce advocacy for your rights .
Wrongful death claims can be brought by surviving family members in any situation where negligence or wrongdoing leads to a death .
For example , wrongful death claims can occur :
After a fatal auto accident
When a defective product causes a death
After a deadly slip - and - fall
When a child drowns in the pool of a negligent homeowner
When a doctor or healthcare provider provides sub-par care
After a deadly construction accident
When a drug turns out to have unexpected side effects and causes death
In these and other situations , someone does something wrong - releases a defective product , behaves carelessly , fails to maintain a property - and harm occurs as a direct result .
It is your burden as the plaintiff in a wrongful death claim to prove that the person you are seeking compensation from is the one who directly caused the death .
A Boston wrongful death lawyer can help .
Wrongful death claims ensure that the surviving family members of a person who is killed are fairly and fully compensated .
Wrongful death claims can be brought by certain close family members , such as spouses or the parents of a minor child who is killed .
In each case , the family member has lost something .
Sometimes , the loss is an economic loss , sometimes it is a non-economic loss and usually it is both .
For example , a person who has lost a family member can make a claim for :
Lost future financial support .
If a widow loses her husband , then she also loses the income he would have made and contributed to the family for the rest of his life .
This lifetime of lost income should be covered in wrongful death damages .
Loss of companionship .
When you lose a family member , you lose the happiness that relationship brought to your life .
Although it is impossible to put a price on it , you should be compensated and wrongful death cases are partly about determining what you should be paid to help make up for your loss .
You may also obtain compensation for direct expenses such as funeral bills and medical costs incurred before the death .
Finally , in some cases where the actions of the defendant were especially egregious , you may obtain punitive damages .
These are damages intended to punish the defendant .
Because so much is lost in wrongful death cases , the damages are often very high .
The appropriate amount of compensation is also very difficult to determine due to the complexities of estimating a lifetime of lost income and the financial value of lost companionship .
With so much at stake and so many legal complexities , it is very important to be represented by an experienced , competent and skilled wrongful death lawyer .
Wrongful death cases must be handled carefully by an attorney with comprehensive knowledge of the complex egal matters .
At the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman , our Boston wrongful death attorneys have represented many clients after tragic deaths and we understand how to help you get the compensation you deserve .
To schedule your free consultation and learn more about how we can help you , get in touch with us today at ( 617 ) 367-2900 or contact us online .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Earlier this month , Afghan President Hamid Karzai fought back against allegations of pervasive graft within his government , telling Al Jazeera that “ the Western media has blown corruption totally out of all proportion in Afghanistan . ”
Perhaps Karzai should have a conversation with Antonio Maria Costa , the United Nations ’ drug and crime czar .
His office released a report on Tuesday concluding that in the past year Afghans paid out $ 2.5 billion in bribes and kickbacks — the equivalent of 23 percent of the country ’s gross domestic product .
The income generated by corruption is exceeded only by the booming opium trade , which brings in an estimated $ 2.8 billion annually .
“ In other words , this is shocking , drugs and bribes are the two largest income generators in Afghanistan , ” writes Costa , who heads the UN ’s Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) , in the preface of the study .
The report , based on interviews with 7,600 Afghans , is yet another indicator that any US policy on Afghanistan that is predicated on cooperation with the government is threatened by endemic graft .
As it stands , writes Costa , “ It is almost impossible to obtain a public service in Afghanistan without greasing a palm : bribing authorities is a way of life . ”
The average payoff , according to UNODC , was $ 159 — a modest sum in Western terms , but a massive expenditure in a country with a per-capita income of $ 425 .
This , Costa says , amounts to a “ crippling tax on people who are already among the world ’s poorest . ”
And he notes that the massive influx of aid funding coupled with soaring drug revenues “ have created a new cast [ sic ] of rich and powerful individuals who operate outside the traditional power / tribal structures and bid the cost of favours and loyalty to levels not compatible with the under - developed nature of the country . ”
According to the study , 59 percent of Afghans identified corruption as their biggest concern — more worrisome even than the deteriorating security situation and widespread unemployment .
“ It ’s really depressing , ” Costa told me on Wednesday from Prague .
“ From the outside I would have expected that the bombing and the killing and the poverty would have been identified as the most severe problems the country is facing , but no , the [ Afghans ] are saying it ’s the corrupt leadership .
That is sending a very strong message .
Perhaps we are underestimating the importance of governance in fighting the other severe illnesses of the country , drugs and development and so forth . ”
US and international officials have leaned heavily on Karzai to tackle rampant corruption , and the issue is likely to figure heavily when world leaders convene next week in London for a conference on Afghanistan ’s future .
Presently , says Costa , members of the Afghan government are not doing their part to fight graft .
That ’s not entirely surprising , since Afghan officials — on both the local and national level — appear to be the ones profiting most handsomely from bribes and kickbacks .
According to the UNODC ’s study :
Around 25 % of Afghan citizens had to pay at least one bribe to police and local officials over the past year .
Between 10 - 20 % had to pay bribes to judges , prosecutors , doctors and members of the government .
A kickback is so commonly sought ( and paid ) to speed up administrative procedures , that more than a third of the population ( 38 % ) thinks that this is the norm .
The widespread corruption , Costa says , has given Afghans “ the impression that it is cheaper to buy a judge than to hire a lawyer . ”
And according to the UNODC ’s findings , Afghans do n’t believe the corruption problem is confined to their government .
Fifty - four percent of those surveyed said they believed that international organizations and NGOs “ are corrupt and in the country just to get rich . ”
Costa told me that the large amounts of development money “ consumed ” by “ transaction costs ” ( that is , funds eaten up by the organizations providing aid and heading up development projects ) , along with “ all the opacity ” surrounding procurement , has fueled the perception among Afghans that “ the international community and NGOs are not as clean as they would like . ”
These suspicions are surely warranted : Numerous instances of fraud and corruption in Afghanistan involving contractors , US military officials , and others have been extensively documented .
Among those accused of corruption is the former Afghanistan country director of the UN ’s Office of Project Services , Gary Helseth , who allegedly used funds intended to rebuild Afghanistan ’s infrastructure to bankroll his own lavish lifestyle .
And according to the office of the US Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction , only a quarter of the corruption cases it ’s investigating involve Afghans — the rest are cases targeting at least one Western suspect .
Costa compares Afghanistan ’s corruption problem to a “ cancer ” that is eating away at Afghan society — and he says the remedy is both preventative and surgical .
In addition to bolstering Afghanistan ’s lead anti-corruption authority , he says Afghan officials should be forced to file financial disclosures : “ Let ’s see how senior officials can afford fancy cars and flashy villas with salaries of less than $ 500 a month ! ”
And , when it comes to the appointment of provincial governors and district leaders , Costa suggests the vetting process should potentially include polygraph exams .
As for the surgery , he says , “ We need to remove the characters — the governors , the politicians , the members of parliament and whoever else has been tainted , not by the allegations , but by the evidence of corruption . ”
He added , “ Corruption in particular is an issue where the domestic leadership needs to manifest itself .
There has to be leadership by the Afghans and in particular the president in bringing about integrity and fighting corruption . ”
While Karzai has vowed repeatedly to tackle corruption , Western officials and analysts have privately expressed doubts about his commitment .
And his comments to Al Jazeera downplaying the issue surely did n’t help .
If Karzai ca n’t even acknowledge the extent of the problem , how can the US or its international partners rely on him to solve it ?
HALIFAX – Transcripts from a diary kept by a young American soldier fighting for the British is giving historians a new twist on the deportation of Acadians from the Maritimes in the 18th century .
In 1755 , 30 - year - old Jeremiah Bancroft signed up for one year as a militiaman with the British military .
He kept an almost - daily diary of his service , which took him from Boston to Beausejour , N.B. , and later to Grand Pre , N.S. , where he participated in the deportation of Acadians .
A transcript of the diary was found by historical archeologist Jonathan Fowler and was publicly displayed Thursday at Saint Mary 's University by Fowler and Earle Lockerby , an expert on the deportation .
The deportation forced the French Acadian population from Nova Scotia after they refused to swear an oath of loyalty to the British .
Bancroft was a junior officer to Lt. - Col .
John Winslow , whose own diary provides much of what is known about the deportation , which displaced about 7,000 Acadians in 1755 to Britain , Louisiana and France .
The diary also fills in historical gaps at Grand Pre from mid-November to the end of December , when Winslow left Grand Pre for Halifax .
Neil LeBlanc , Canadian consul general to New England and former Nova Scotia cabinet minister responsible for Acadian affairs , described Bancroft as a level - headed man who believed in God and the betterment of man .
" At the same time he was not a regular militiaman so he looked at things perhaps differently , " said LeBlanc , who is also a prominent Acadian .
Bancroft 's account of the time differs from the diary kept by Winslow .
Bancroft was lower down the chain of command and had no reputation at stake , said Fowler , who teaches at Saint Mary's .
" By and large , the kind of humanity that emerges with respect to the New England or Anglo - American experience is one of organized chaos , " said Fowler .
He called the British soldiers in Bancroft 's account " weekend warriors " who were not good at following orders .
Fowler bases his description on passages depicting violence , desertions , thefts and insubordination in the unit .
Fowler first discovered the typed transcripts , transcribed in 1925 , at the Nova Scotia Archives in the mid-1990s .
Bancroft 's original diary has n't been found .
In the transcript , which Fowler and his students have studied for 10 years , Bancroft expresses fear , fatigue , pride , happiness and inner conflict .
Fowler said Bancroft 's writing helps to humanize the events of the deportation .
Within the Acadian and British camps , he said , the transcript allows its readers to " detect the individual and often varying motives and interests ... that we 've regarded as more or less uniform . "
In one passage , Bancroft describes the reactions by Acadian men who learn that they 're losing land and cattle , and the guilt he feels in his role as enforcer .
His writing is often ungrammatical and plagued with spelling mistakes , but the feelings he conveys are clear , such as a passage dated Sept. 5 , 1755 , when Bancroft writes , " Seing themselves so Decoyed the shame and confusion of face together with Anger so altered their countenense that it cant be expressd . "
The transcript increases our understanding by reporting Acadian reaction to the deportation , said Lockerby , who became aware of the diary in 2007 after visiting a former colleague who was an descendant of Bancroft's .
Images that are portrayed in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's poem ``Evangeline " of Acadians going to ships in unison and following orders are debunked in Bancroft 's diary , he said .
Bancroft 's witness account tells of a shooting and of escapes by Acadians , including one by two men fleeing a church , which was not previously known .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The widely adopted and idyllic images of the poem are misleading , said Lockerby , adding that it was written almost 100 years after the deportation by a poet who is not believed to have visited the province .
Lockerby said Acadia was a real place with real people , who had an opportunity to fight back , and they did .
Read more about :
Barclays , HSBC and Standard Chartered , three of the Big Five UK banks , are planning to radically alter their bonus pools in an attempt to head off political attacks of the type seen in America .
Last week President Barack Obama said he was " up for a fight " with the banks including Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan and announced plans to break apart the sector in the US .
If you were to mime Mario in a game of charades , chances are you ’d jump into the air with one fist and knee raised in tribute to the plumber ’s classic form .
It ’s hard to imagine the video game landscape of today without this iconic gameplay , but Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto recently revealed that this almost was n't the case .
Way back before Mario was called Mario , and instead went by Jumpman , Miyamoto was developing the character for Donkey Kong .
The debut of Nintendo ’s icon was originally designed to be played with only a joystick , thus no jump feature was planned .
“ I also recall that the cabinet we were making the game for had one joystick and one button , but initially I intended it to be controlled using only the joystick , ” said Miyamoto .
When asked by Nintendo president Satoru Iwata if it ’s possible that Mario may have never jumped if the Donkey Kong cabinet did n’t just happen to have an extra button , Miyamoto replied , “ Well , that might have been the case .
Originally it was a game where you had to escape from a maze , ” Miyamoto continues .
“ To allow players to jump and avoid dangers would have spoiled the strategic element of the game .
But then we thought : " If you had a barrel rolling towards you , what would you do ? "
“ I think that if we had n't allowed Mario to jump , it would have most likely proved to be a horrendously difficult game to play , ” Miyamoto adds .
There you have it .
Without the dumb luck of Donkey Kong being developed on an arcade cabinet with a superfluous button , your childhood may have never been filled with the visual of an Italian plumber bashing his head against glowing bricks .
O.K. , maybe this trend is n’t big enough to lift the entire city , but it ’s something .
These are not the beer - belly bowling alleys of yesteryear , but souped - up , hipster alleys often interwoven with restaurants , V.I.P. lounges , clubs , sports bars .
Dark lighting .
D.J. ’s and thundering music .
Videos dancing over flat - screen televisions above the pins .
Waiter service .
Dress codes .
Coolness .
Image At Leisure Time Bowl in Midtown , a bouncer turns away customers whose jeans are too baggy or gold chains too showy .
Credit ... Michael Nagle for The New York Times
The bowling is often a way to kill time between drink orders .
The alleys rely heavily on corporate and private parties .
Some customers never bother to bowl .
Meanwhile , conventional alleys continue to close .
In 2008 , Woodhaven Lanes in Queens fell after 49 years , and Van Wyck Lanes in Richmond Hill surrendered the same year after 48 .
All told , there are 23 bowling alleys in the city , according to the United States Bowling Congress , the sport ’s governing body .
Back in the 1970s , it figured there were close to 200 .
Throughout the country , there has been a continuing and pronounced decline in organized league bowling , though a rise in the number of people who bowl occasionally ( which can mean once a year ) .
Bowlmor is owned by Strike Holdings , and at its downtown headquarters , Thomas Shannon , the chief executive , spoke about the old bowling , and the new bowling that might save New York .
“ It used to be that if you wanted to go bowling , you had to suffer some form of deprivation , ” he said .
“ Bad food  you know , the hot dog on a roller .
Stale tap beer .
No service . ”
Bowlmor and the upscale alleys typically shun leagues .
They do n’t want guys who show up with bowling outfits and excessive stomachs and their own equipment and want to pay $ 1.95 a game .
“ They want the cheapest , most miserable experience , ” Mr. Shannon said .
“ I would describe it as a Stalinist experience . ”
At Bowlmor , games are generally $ 11 to $ 13 .
Mr. Shannon showed plans for the forthcoming Times Square alley .
Adorning the entrance will be Bowlmor Bob , a giant bowler in a red dinner jacket .
The front desk will have a concierge .
When you get bowling shoes , you can have your street shoes shined for another few dollars .
Livonia , Michigan ( CNN ) -- U.S. authorities had another Nigerian - born man with an engineering background on their radar when Northwest Airlines Flight 253 prepared to land in Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day .
Emmanuel Chukwu shared the same travel itinerary with Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the suspect in the unsuccessful attempt to blow up the Amsterdam , Netherlands - to - Detroit flight .
Both men were originally from Nigeria and had studied as engineers .
But while the 23 - year - old AbdulMutallab was a loner and a global nomad whose family tried to warn U.S. authorities about his turn toward Islamic extremism , Chukwu -- a 41 - year - old naturalized U.S. citizen and father of four American children -- also caught the attention of government officials .
Federal agents pulled Chukwu aside for several hours of intense screening when Northwest 253 landed in Detroit , shortly after authorities say AbdulMutallab tried to set off an explosive device concealed in his underwear .
Chukwu said agents told him his similar background prompted the additional scrutiny .
" The FBI came back and said , ' You know what , it 's a very unfortunate coincidence , right , that the suspect is a Nigerian , ' " he told CNN .
" And that was the first time I got to know that the suspect is a Nigerian and happened to be an engineer like myself . "
But unbeknownst to Chukwu , CNN has learned , he was being tracked in TECS -- a massive government database accessed daily by law enforcement agencies .
The database , dating back to the 1970s , allows government agencies to compare watch lists with flight manifests and to look for red flags that could prompt a secondary screening .
" TECS really is the backbone or the mainframe , the real operating system for Customs and Border Protection that has the information from other law enforcement agencies , " said Kathy Kraninger , a former Homeland Security official and now a security consultant .
Kraninger said that while some of the information housed on TECS is benign , most of it is " derogatory , " ranging from immigration and customs violations to warrants and criminal records .
On December 25 , Chukwu was seated about five rows behind AbdulMutallab when the bombing attempt took place .
" People started screaming , ' Oh , there 's smoke , there 's smoke , ' " Chukwu said .
Once the plane landed , he said , " I just said , ' God , thank you , I 'm alive . ' "
Chukwu said he has flown between Nigeria and the United States " about 20 times or more " since 1995 .
But in addition to being patted down and searched during his secondary screening , Chukwu said , he was questioned well beyond his frequent travels to his homeland .
Some of the questioning involved an incident from September 26 , 2008 , when he was caught in Amsterdam carrying an unloaded shotgun in his checked luggage on his way from the United States to Nigeria .
He said Dutch authorities told him , " ' Oh , you have a gun in your bag . '
I said , ' Yes , I know , I have a gun in my bag , ' It 's an unloaded gun , brand new , never been used , ' " Chukwu said .
But both the Netherlands and Nigeria forbid civilians to carry a gun without permission .
Dutch authorities confirmed the 2008 incident and said Chukwu was released and given a two - year probation .
It 's unclear whether a record of the gun incident or other risk factors -- Chukwu's travel patterns and personal profile -- triggered his secondary screening in Detroit .
The Department of Homeland Security will not comment on the matter .
But for Chukwu's pregnant wife , Janefrances , the additional screening meant six hours of waiting on Christmas Day -- not knowing if her husband was coming home .
" On the 25th , four children would have lost their dad , " she said .
" What I know is that my husband is not going to harm anybody , has never harmed anybody .
I hope that they will put the right people in the database so that they will be able to catch the people who will cause harm to the United States . "
So , I rewrote my blog softare in Haskell , for kicks .
I ’ve finally finished , after a long time developing , trying out different ideas , learning Haskell etc .
I had already confirmed that I could build a binary for my target machine .
That was a long process , which involved installing GHC 6.4 from binaries , and using that to build GHC 6.8.3 .
I have to build from source because of bug # 2211 .
However , in the process of developing , things have moved on , and it was much easier to develop with GHC 6.10 and newer libraries than the 6.8. * series .
Which means that I now need GHC 6.10 .* on the VM that I ’m using to build binaries .
I tried 6.10.4 , but due to bug # 3179 , I found I had to downgrade to 6.10.1 .
Trying to build that , however , produced bug # 3639 — it wo n’t build with GHC 6.10.4 .
I switched to using GHC 6.8.3 install to try to build it , but it still is n’t happy :
Configuring ghc - 6.10.1 ... cabal - bin :
At least the following dependencies are missing : Cabal - any , base < 3 , filepath > =1 && < 1.2 , haskell98 - any , hpc - any , template - haskell - any , unix - any make [ 2 ] : *** [ boot.stage .2 ]
Error 1 make [ 2 ] : Leaving directory `/home / build / build / ghc - 6.10.1 / compiler ' make [ 1 ] : *** [ stage2 ] Error 2 make [ 1 ] : Leaving directory `/home / build / build / ghc - 6.10.1 ' make : *** [ bootstrap2 ]
Error 2
Now , GHC 6.8.3 comes with base = 3.0.2.0 , which might be the problem here .
If that ’s right , then you ca n’t build GHC 6.10.1 with 6.8.3 .
So , it sounds like I ’m going to have to build GHC 6.6.1 in order to build 6.10.1 .
This seems pretty crazy !
It would n’t be so bad if GHC was quick to build , but every build takes many hours .
Anyway , here goes , wish me luck !
Over the past couple of months I ’ve had the chance to get in a bit of Unity research and development time , and one of the areas I have looked at is Augmented Reality .
By far the most entertaining experiment so far has been my “ AR Driving ” demo , which I tried out at the Skive London office recently .
It could be said that this particular demo is n’t strictly AR ( because it does n’t overlay graphics on the video stream ) but still , it uses AR technology to map the orientation of an AR marker to the steering , acceleration and braking of a car .
I recently demoed it in our London office , result : Fun !
The control works by reading the orientation of a single AR marker printed on an A4 sheet .
The sheet is folder so that the marker is visible to the camera on one side , and a steering wheel image is visible on the other side – so the user knows which way up to hold the paper !
The rotation around the Z axis ( as in , turning the steering wheel ) is mapped to the car steering , although not entirely linearly – in order to make the controls easy to use it required a few tweaks , such as smoothing out the sometimes jittery raw data , and giving bias to a ‘ not - quite - dead zone ’ around the zero - degrees rotation area to make it easier to drive the car in a straight line .
The acceleration and braking controls are implemented by reading the “ tilt ” of the marker around the X axis .
Holding the marker straight - on to the camera gives the equivalent of a steady gentle press on the accelerator .
Tilting the top edge towards the camera pushes down the accelerator , while tilting it away releases the accelerator completely and applies the brakes .
The final result is a fairly intuitive driving control , and most people who had a try in the office seemed to find the car responsive and easy to control on their first try , as the video shows !
At the present time ( Unity 2.6 ) , implementing AR is n’t entirely straightforward , not least because Unity does n’t have any built - in way of reading video streams coming in from the webcam , so the webcam stream in this demo is being read via a custom DLL , and the AR markers are picked up from the video stream using the beta version of “ UnityAR ” ( also a custom DLL , which provides an interface to ARToolkit ) from Weltenbauer who have kindly made their beta version free .
An alternative to this technique is to set up a socket connection from a flash movie , and send either the video data , or the AR marker data via the socket to Unity .
Neither of these methods are particularly ideal !
To cut a long story short , because of these custom DLLs the demo is a Windows - only EXE at the moment , and ca n’t work as a webplayer at all .
Now , if UT would add support for webcam input in Unity ( in a similar manner to flash ) it would open the doors for browser - based AR , which is something that Unity could really excel at .
Unity does have a User Feedback Forum , where you can vote up feature requests for future versions – so if you ’re interested in this , vote up Webcam input !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
State - Level â€ œEco-Terrorâ€ Legislation Pushed by Corporate Front Groups
The National Lawyers Guild has a new report on state - level versions of the Animal Enterprise Terrorism
Act that have been popping up around the country .
As I ’ve reported here previously , on laws such as the California Animal Enterprise Protection Act , they use sweeping , overly broad definitions of terrorism that are , in some cases , even worse than the federal law .
( Here ’s one of my all - time favorite blog posts in which a Tennessee lawmaker describes how similar legislation is needed to combat “ left - wing eco-greenies . ”
Take a look at the full report , and the influence of a corporate front group called the American Legislative Exchange Council : “ Beyond the AETA : How Corporate - Crafted Legislation Brands Activists as Terrorists . ”
As NLG Executive Director Heidi Boghosian said :
“ Although many states considered and outright rejected the ALEC bill soon after its release , there are still signs that parts of the legislation are being incorporated in some states ’ laws that equate animal rights activists with domestic terrorism . ”
The National Lawyers Guild continues to be out front on these issues , with its publication of a know your rights booklet for activists , and it ’s Green Scare hotline , 1-888-NLG-ECOL .
And NLG lawyers around the country have been working hard on behalf of animal rights and environmental activists labeled “ terrorists . ”
If you ’re a lawyer , please join the Guild .
And if you ’re not a lawyer , write a check , volunteer , or just drop them a note of support .
Author Message
tarpman
Joined : 04 Nov 2004
Posts : 1083
Location : Victoria , BC , Canada VeteranJoined : 04 Nov 2004 Posts : 1083 Location : Victoria , BC , Canada
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 8:14 am Post subject : Gentoo Monthly Screenshots January 2010
Where are the usual suspects ?
laptop
really really wish I could afford a laptop with a better resolution T_T ...
replaced my usual gentoo with ubuntu a few weeks back to try out a couple of things a friend mentioned ( gnome - do and gnome - shell ) ... have n't yet gotten to customizing it at all .
not bothering with my desktop because it 's just windows xp , classic theme , no icons on desktop , very few icons in quick launch , and no background .
all I really use it for is starcraft and office .
oh hell , maybe I 'll screenshot my desktop later .
Stuck . -- desultory
Unstuck . -- desultory
_________________
Saving the world , one kilobyte at a time .
Ooh , this is exciting ...
I 've never made this thread before .
Where are the usual suspects ? really really wish I could afford a laptop with a better resolution T_T ... replaced my usual gentoo with ubuntu a few weeks back to try out a couple of things a friend mentioned ( gnome - do and gnome - shell ) ... have n't yet gotten to customizing it at all .
not bothering with my desktop because it 's just windows xp , classic theme , no icons on desktop , very few icons in quick launch , and no background .
all I really use it for is starcraft and office .oh hell , maybe I 'll screenshot my desktop later .
_________________Saving the world , one kilobyte at a time .
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 10:30 am Post subject :
Mine has n't changed since last night :
Clean
_________________
photography - geekery I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.oMine has n't changed since last night :
_________________
cach0rr0
Joined : 13 Nov 2008
Posts : 4123
Location : Houston , Republic of Texas BodhisattvaJoined : 13 Nov 2008 Posts : 4123 Location : Houston , Republic of Texas
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 11:41 am Post subject :
love yall niggas !
happy new year !
_________________
Lost configuring your system ?
dump lspci -n here | see Pappy 's guide | Link Stash EDIT : oh god , my ethnic slurs are in full form tonight .
love yall niggas !
happy new year !
_________________Lost configuring your system ?
Last edited by cach0rr0 on Fri Jan 01 , 2010 11:57 am ; edited 1 time in total
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 11:48 am Post subject :
_________________
photography - geekery
When my daughter rants like that I have to bite down the urge to ruffle her hair and pinch her cheeks as she 's being so adorable .
_________________
desultory
Joined : 04 Nov 2005
Posts : 9391
AdministratorJoined : 04 Nov 2005 Posts : 9391
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 12:47 pm
Post subject : Fenster wrote :
When my daughter rants like that I have to bite down the urge to ruffle her hair and pinch her cheeks as she 's being so adorable .
Why do I get the impression that cheek pinching would go horribly , horribly wrong here ?
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 12:53 pm
Post subject : right .
_________________
photography - geekery
Or horribly , horribly_________________
dylix
Joined : 20 Sep 2002
Posts : 261
Location : Atlanta ApprenticeJoined : 20 Sep 2002 Posts : 261Location : Atlanta
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 2:13 pm
Post subject : http://omploader.org/vMzRxMQ
backgroud is changed every 10 mins to display accurate weather and day / night around world
_________________
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
http://plutonic.mine.nu/
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
backgroud is changed every 10 mins to display accurate weather and day / night around world_________________
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 3:15 pm
Post subject : dylix wrote : http://omploader.org/vMzRxMQ
backgroud is changed every 10 mins to display accurate weather and day / night around world
The map is sorta pixel -y .
That would make me twitch uncontrollably .
_________________
photography - geekery
The map is sorta pixel -y .
That would make me twitch uncontrollably .
_________________
dylix
Joined : 20 Sep 2002
Posts : 261
Location : Atlanta ApprenticeJoined : 20 Sep 2002 Posts : 261Location : Atlanta
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 3:49 pm
Post subject : Fenster wrote : dylix wrote : http://omploader.org/vMzRxMQ
backgroud is changed every 10 mins to display accurate weather and day / night around world
The map is sorta pixel -y .
That would make me twitch uncontrollably .
The map is sorta pixel -y .
That would make me twitch uncontrollably .
yea i know , doesnt come in my native res so its stretched a bit lol , but its ok for a quick glance , hardly ever see it anyways
_________________
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
http://plutonic.mine.nu/
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
yea i know , doesnt come in my native res so its stretched a bit lol , but its ok for a quick glance , hardly ever see it anyways_________________
tarpman
Joined : 04 Nov 2004
Posts : 1083
Location : Victoria , BC , Canada VeteranJoined : 04 Nov 2004 Posts : 1083 Location : Victoria , BC , Canada
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 4:06 pm
Post subject : Fenster wrote : I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.o
heh , that 's damn near uncanny .
nice picture !
have it in a bigger resolution ?
_________________
Saving the world , one kilobyte at a time .
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Fri Jan 01 , 2010 5:22 pm
Post subject : tarpman wrote : Fenster wrote : I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.o
heh , that 's damn near uncanny .
nice picture !
have it in a bigger resolution ?
1280x800 ?
_________________
photography - geekery 1280x800?_________________
_ DarK_
Joined : 04 Dec 2005
Posts : 3
n00 bJoined : 04 Dec 2005 Posts : 3
Posted : Sun Jan 03 , 2010 2:16 pm
Post subject :
Happy new year everyone !
Still exactly the same as december : http://dark.ellende.eu/public/gentoo_dec_2009.png
Happy new year everyone !
w1n73rmu7e
Joined : 20 Jul 2009
Posts : 32
Location :
The greatest country on Earth .
n00 bJoined : 20 Jul 2009
Posts : 32 Location : The greatest country on Earth .
Posted : Sun Jan 03 , 2010 5:39 pm
Post subject : Fenster wrote : tarpman wrote : Fenster wrote : I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.o
heh , that 's damn near uncanny .
nice picture !
have it in a bigger resolution ?
1280x800 ?
_________________
I would appreciate it if you posted it in 1920x1200_________________
BoneKracker wrote : Sorry for being patronizing .
jho
Joined : 24 May 2007
Posts : 153
Location : Jyväskylä , Finland ApprenticeJoined : 24 May 2007 Posts : 153Location : Jyväskylä , Finland
Posted : Mon Jan 04 , 2010 12:25 pm
Post subject :
Clean ~ Busy
_________________
" I 'm sorry , I only accept criticism in the form of sed expressions . "
No major differences from December '09_________________
Naib
Joined : 21 May 2004
Posts : 5844
Location : Removed by Neddy WatchmanJoined : 21 May 2004 Posts : 5844Location : Removed by Neddy
Posted : Fri Jan 08 , 2010 5:23 pm
Post subject : http://i48.tinypic.com/2guxnb4.jpg
_________________
The best argument against democracy is a five - minute conversation with the average voter
Great Britain is a republic , with a hereditary president , while the United States is a monarchy with an elective king _________________The best argument against democracy is a five - minute conversation with the average voterGreat Britain is a republic , with a hereditary president , while the United States is a monarchy with an elective king
Dj_Dexter
Joined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63
Location : Chile n00 bJoined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63 Location : Chile
Posted : Sun Jan 10 , 2010 2:58 am Post subject :
Clean ~ Busy
Wallpaper
_________________
Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
Mi Blog Now with awesome 3.3.4 , before that window manager , did not appreciate it so much : D_________________Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
Fenster
Joined : 26 Oct 2004
Posts : 172
Location : Purgatory ApprenticeJoined : 26 Oct 2004 Posts : 172Location : Purgatory
Posted : Sun Jan 10 , 2010 11:43 pm
Post subject : w1n73rmu7e wrote : Fenster wrote : tarpman wrote : Fenster wrote : I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.o
heh , that 's damn near uncanny .
nice picture !
have it in a bigger resolution ?
1280x800 ?
I would appreciate it if you posted it in 1920x1200
Sure .
Email ?
_________________
photography - geekery Sure . Email?_________________
marens
Joined : 05 Aug 2004
Posts : 173
ApprenticeJoined : 05 Aug 2004 Posts : 173
Posted : Mon Jan 11 , 2010 12:29 am Post subject : Quote : ... Now with awesome 3.3.4 ...
Busy
The blue timestamps are easy on the eye
...
...
not
_________________
If English was good enough for Jesus , then it 's good enough for you !
w1n73rmu7e
Joined : 20 Jul 2009
Posts : 32
Location :
The greatest country on Earth .
n00 bJoined : 20 Jul 2009
Posts : 32 Location : The greatest country on Earth .
Posted : Mon Jan 11 , 2010 12:33 am Post subject : Fenster wrote : w1n73rmu7e wrote : Fenster wrote : tarpman wrote : Fenster wrote : I thought your wallpaper was one of mine for a moment .
O.o
heh , that 's damn near uncanny .
nice picture !
have it in a bigger resolution ?
1280x800 ?
I would appreciate it if you posted it in 1920x1200
Sure .
Email ?
$ FGO_USERNAME , gmail
Thanks !
_________________
BoneKracker wrote : Sorry for being patronizing .
RedSquirrel
Joined : 22 Apr 2008
Posts : 336
GuruJoined : 22 Apr 2008 Posts : 336
Posted : Mon Jan 11 , 2010 3:31 am Post subject : marens wrote : Quote : ... Now with awesome 3.3.4 ...
Busy
The blue timestamps are easy on the eye
...
...
not
Yeah , those colours are a bit hard on the eyes .
( Nice new ferret avatar , by the way , marens . )
Yeah , those colours are a bit hard on the eyes .
( Nice new ferret avatar , by the way , marens .
openbox + fbpanel .
Fairly bland , as usual .
dylix
Joined : 20 Sep 2002
Posts : 261
Location : Atlanta ApprenticeJoined : 20 Sep 2002 Posts : 261Location : Atlanta
Posted : Mon Jan 11 , 2010 11:20 pm
Post subject : fixed my screenshot script so it overlays the dead area image where there is ' dead ' space so u dont see random bits of memory from vid card when i take screenshots lol
http://omploader.org/vMzhhOQ
_________________
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
http://plutonic.mine.nu/
Rape is such a strong word , I prefer surprise sex .
i'll pollute this thread some morefixed my screenshot script so it overlays the dead area image where there is ' dead ' space so u dont see random bits of memory from vid card when i take screenshots lol_________________
Kenji Miyamoto
Joined : 28 May 2005
Posts : 1452
Location : Looking over your shoulder .
VeteranJoined : 28 May 2005 Posts : 1452 Location : Looking over your shoulder .
Posted : Tue Jan 12 , 2010 3:23 am Post subject :
It 's pretty much the same as always .
_________________
[ Kawa-kun
Alex Libman seems to be more of an anarchist than a libertarian .
Boy , I have n't done one of these in a long time : http://omploader.org/vMzhkdQ
It 's pretty much the same as always .
That locomotive is pretty cool : it 's the first brand - new steam engine built in England since the '60s._________________ , new and improved !!
]
Alex Libman seems to be more of an anarchist than a libertarian .
Dj_Dexter
Joined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63
Location : Chile n00 bJoined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63 Location : Chile
Posted : Sat Jan 16 , 2010 4:27 am Post subject :
Clean ~ Busy
Wallpaper
_________________
Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
Mi Blog Sure , I 've shown a screenshot above but had not quite set in that wm , the awesome , which I have made it chido , cost me a bit as I wanted to leave , look for wikis , forums , etc. to understand a bit the rc.lua , clear that the configuration file manager window_________________Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
Kenji Miyamoto
Joined : 28 May 2005
Posts : 1452
Location : Looking over your shoulder .
VeteranJoined : 28 May 2005 Posts : 1452 Location : Looking over your shoulder .
Posted : Sat Jan 16 , 2010 5:08 am Post subject : DJ_DEXTER wrote :
Sure , I 've shown a screenshot above but had not quite set in that wm , the awesome , which I have made it chido , cost me a bit as I wanted to leave , look for wikis , forums , etc. to understand a bit the rc.lua , clear that the configuration file manager window
Clean ~ Busy
Wallpaper
_________________
[ Kawa-kun
Alex Libman seems to be more of an anarchist than a libertarian .
Be warned : the rc.lua API / format is subject to change very often .
_________________ , new and improved !!
]
Alex Libman seems to be more of an anarchist than a libertarian .
Dj_Dexter
Joined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63
Location : Chile n00 bJoined : 12 Feb 2009
Posts : 63 Location : Chile
Posted : Sat Jan 16 , 2010 3:00 pm
Post subject :
_________________
Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
Mi Blog Sure , with each new version of awesome , very often changes rc.lua , and we must look again to leave it as it was_________________Slim + Xorg 1.12.0 - r1 + dwm -6.0 + Urxvt + Openrc 0.9.9.1 + Ati Radeon 9600
The oft - cited credo that more guns equal more crime is being tested by facts on the ground this year :
Even as gun ownership has surged in the US in the past year , violent crime , including murder and robbery , has dropped steeply .
Add to that the fact that many experts had predicted higher crime rates as the US grinds through a difficult recession , and the discrepancy has advocates on both sides of the Second Amendment debate rushing to their ramparts .
After several years of crime rates holding relatively steady , the FBI is reporting that violent crimes – including gun crimes – dropped dramatically in the first six months of 2009 , with murder down 10 percent across the US as a whole .
Concurrently , the FBI reports that gun sales – especially of assault - style rifles and handguns , two main targets of gun-control groups – are up at least 12 percent nationally since the election of President Obama , a dramatic run on guns prompted in part by so - far - unwarranted fears that Democrats in Congress and the White House will curtail gun rights and carve apart the Second Amendment .
Pro-gun groups jumped at the FBI report , saying it disproves a long - running theory posited by gun-control groups and many in the mainstream media that gun ownership spawns crime and violence .
“ Anti-gunners have lost another one of their baseless arguments , ” Alan Gottlieb , founder of the Second Amendment Foundation , told the Examiner 's Dave Workman .
Some gun-control groups have long sought to establish gun ownership as a health issue , which would expose purchasers to the kind of regulation now imposed on prescription drugs and alcohol .
That view embodies the idea that mere exposure to guns makes people more violent .
But more pragmatically , groups like the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence have mostly targeted illegal sales and gun-show loopholes as the primary problem in America ’s gun culture .
They say such loopholes and lax enforcement allow violent criminals to get their hands on used , stolen , and inexpensive guns .
“ The guns that cause the worst problems in this country are not selling for very high prices , ” Brady Campaign spokesman Peter Hamm has said .
No correlation , researchers say
As advocates on both sides keep score , what ’s the rest of America to think as they weigh the relative crime risks – and statistics – in their own neighborhoods ?
The debate over whether guns spur or deter crime has been under way for decades .
So far , research has come out with , in essence , a net - zero correlation between gun sales and crime rates .
More likely factors for the crime rate decline have to do with Americans hunkering down , spending less time out on the town with cash in their pockets and more time at home with the porch lights on , experts say .
So - called " smart policing " that focuses specifically on repeat offenders and troubled areas could also be playing a role , as could extended unemployment benefits that staved off desperation .
“ We can absolutely draw a fact - based conclusion about [ whether there ’s a correlation between declining crime rates and increasing gun ownership ] , and the answer is no , ” says David Kennedy , director of the Center for Crime Prevention and Control in New York .
“ There are very consistent findings that the acquisition and obtaining of carry permits by ordinary law - abiding people has either no or very little impact on the crime rate . ”
He finds more evidence in the FBI ’s new report , which shows crimes declining not only across a variety of violent and nonviolent crime classifications , but also in both gun-resistant and gun-friendly corners of the country .
“ When you ’re seeing declines [ in violent crime ] both in cities like Atlanta , which is in a relatively gun-friendly state , and in places like New York City , where it is essentially impossible for ordinary folks to acquire and carry especially handguns , then it ’s not the guns that are driving the [ statistics ] , ” Mr. Kennedy says .
A possible deterrent effect ?
But one prominent gun rights researcher , Gary Kleck , a criminologist at Florida State University in Tallahassee , leaves the door open to the idea that news of booming gun sales could have a deterrent effect on violent criminals .
“ It ’s possible that criminals hear about lots of people buying guns , and then you can see a plausible mechanism , that conceivably could have produced a reduction in murder , ” says Professor Kleck .
“ It ’s all a matter of perception , not reality , for prospective murderers . "
----
Follow us on Twitter .
Scientists who have grown meat in a Dutch laboratory are hopeful that their breakthrough could eliminate the need for factory farming within a decade .
" People realize that there is a clear threat to the environment and to animal welfare , " said Mark Post , the team 's lead researcher at Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands .
Post 's team took cells from the muscle of a living pig – myoblasts – immersed them in a nutrient - rich " serum , " and cultured them in a petri dish .
The serum is derived from the blood of pig fetuses .
The cells divided exponentially into skeletal muscle tissue that Post describes as looking " like a piece of scallop . "
It is completely white , since it 's bloodless .
It 's also quite stringy .
Those judgments are made on the basis of observation .
Nobody has eaten the results .
" Of course , you can at this point , " Post said .
" But it really does n't make any sense . "
There is also the small matter of taste , which appears to be a bigger mystery than creating in vitro meat in the first place .
" Nobody knows where the particular flavour of different meat comes from , " Post said .
" Why does lamb taste like lamb ?
We 're not sure .
It 's a particular mixture of blood , iron and fat , perhaps . "
Since Post 's scallop -y pork has little to none of those things , it 's not clear if it 's going to taste like " pork . "
Large - scale meat farming is an expensive business .
The vast amounts of food required to feed the animals and the waste they produce , never mind the greenhouse gases , are a threat to the environment .
Though Post lards caution in with optimism , he 's hopeful that his team 's discovery can be a boon to the planet as well as the hungry .
The study is backed by a sausage manufacturer and funded by the Dutch government .
Post 's hope is that the surge of publicity will encourage bigger backing .
He figures the team is at least 10 years from producing an edible product ready for market .
Sadly , that 's too late to collect a $ 1 million prize offered by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
They 've offered the money to anyone who can bring an " in vitro chicken " product into grocery stores by 2012 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Post is reaching out to governments , food scientists and the industrial farming industry in the hopes of creating a global flavour to his research .
" If I were in the cattle business , I would tap in to this as well , " Post said .
" Who knows where this could lead us ? "
Your pet rock just peed on my paw .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Mark Kermode says we should be relaxed about adult themes in videogames ( Should we avoid violent games ? , 11 December ) .
He confesses to knowing nothing about these games : " I do n't play them and probably never will . "
But he then says , " I do know something about horror films , and the moral panic they provoke , " and takes issue with the " ominous sense of ill - informed outrage " about the modern videogames market .
He then advises readers looking for a sensible opinion on the subject to refer to " someone who knows , someone who plays them , someone who actually likes them " .
In short , the fans .
My organisation , Equality Now , has heard a lot from the fans of some of these games .
We highlighted the game RapeLay , produced in Japan , as one example of many that promote violence against women .
In RapeLay the player manipulates an onscreen penis to simulate rape of a woman and her young daughters over and over again .
Our international campaign called on the Japanese government to ban games that promote sexual violence against women and girls .
Fans of these games were outraged .
They asked us why we were targeting RapeLay when , they said , it was mild compared to similar available games .
In Japan there is a whole genre of extreme pornography , known as hentai , which takes in cartoons and comic books as well as videogames .
Imagery includes women and girls being molested , stalked and gang - raped .
We received hundreds of emails from around the world , many calling for our own rape and murder .
" By the way , I played RapeLay ( doing the 13 - year - old was best ) " , said one , referring to the pre-pubescent girl whom players " rape " in the game .
Kermode recalls media coverage in the 1980s – when horror movies were seen as likely to " deprave and corrupt " – and suggests that we now have a more sophisticated attitude to that genre .
" With almost any genuine art form , the most important works can rarely be taken at face value , " he asserts .
But if games such as RapeLay can now be classified as art , maybe the popular media promotion of sexual violence against women is so normalised that we do n't even pay attention any more .
Does " killing " a prostituted woman in Grand Theft Auto just reconfirm to a gamer the " lesser value " of women in prostitution generally ?
What we know is that violence against women and girls is all too real .
The NSPCC for example reported in September that a third of teenage girls in a relationship suffer unwanted sexual acts ( including rape ) and a quarter physical violence such as being slapped , punched or beaten by their boyfriends .
Certainly the UN 's women 's committee believes that gender stereotypes , including those of women as sex objects , and gender - based discriminatory attitudes , contribute to violence against women .
Will the players of RapeLay act on their threats towards us ?
It 's just a game , do n't threaten our free speech , say the fans who tell us to shut up or else .
Maybe Kermode was right after all when he said we should ask the fans .
They certainly gave us their answer loud and clear .
Text size
IT'S THE CRASH YOU DIDN'T HEAR .
Not in the price of any security market , but in short - term U.S. Treasury yields .
Treasury bills once again were trading at negative interest rates Thursday , a mind - boggling state of affairs that has n't existed since the panic late last year .
That followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the assorted knock - on effects , notably the run on money - market funds after the Reserve Fund " broke the buck . "
More significantly , the yield on the two - year Treasury note -- the most actively traded security on the planet -- fell to 0.669 % Thursday , within a hair of the low of 0.657 % set in the dark days of last December , according to data on Barrons.com 's Market Data Center .
But now , the economy is supposed to be well on the way to recovery , in contrast to late last year when it seemed we stood on the precipice of a second Great Depression .
The Dow is back above 10,000 and bulls claim all 's right with the world .
Why , then , would any rational investor be willing to lock up money for two years for the paltry return of less than two - thirds of 1 % ?
Wacky things have happened before in the T - Bill market .
Over the turn of the year from 2008 to 2009 , investors were so skittish about where they stashed their cash that they effectively paid Uncle Sam to hold it , resulting in negative yields on T - bills .
Other times have seen odd happenings in the T - bill market , usually during times of stress when investors wanted only the safest assets .
Unlike T - bills , which have only weeks to run until maturity , the two - year note embodies market expectations for interest rates .
Longer - term yields are simply the sum of successive short - terms ; all else being equal , you should earn the same from two consecutive one - year notes as a two - year note .
Nobody knows what the future holds , of course , so what the second year will yield is just a guess .
What a two - year yield of 0.70 % ( where the note ended Thursday ) means is that the market believes short - term rates wo n't rise much for a long time .
The 12 - month Treasury rate is just 0.25 % , so the market implicitly expects the 12 - month rate a year hence would be 1.15 % , all else being equal .
( The sum of 0.25 % and 1.15 % averages out to 0.70 % over two years . )
Considering that the two - year note yield was 1.40 % , exactly twice as high in early June , that 's a big comedown in expectations .
And it 's down sharply -- by nearly a third -- from just a month ago , when it was around 1 % .
What 's incongruous is the confluence of miniscule short - term Treasury yields with the stock market sitting at its highest perch in the past 13 - plus months .
If the recovery and the bull market are for real , who would settle for such niggardly note yields ?
Especially if the Treasury is about to auction another $ 118 billion of notes next week ?
Part of the reason relates to diminishing expectations of the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates any time soon .
In a speech Wednesday , St. Louis Fed President James Bullard pointed out that the federal - funds rate target typically is n't raised for 2 ½- to - three years after the end of a recession .
Bullard added that the slowness with which the Fed raised rates in recent cycles -- which helped inflate the housing bubble last time -- will weigh heavily on the Fed 's deliberations this time around .
And , as head of the monetarist - oriented St. Louis Fed , he emphasized that the central bank may rein in the expansion of the central bank 's balance sheet as a first step in removing accommodation .
Increasing the fed - funds rate may come later .
The bond market heard mainly the last part of the message , and is pricing in a continuation of the current 0 - 0.25 % fed - funds target — if not all the way to 2012 , as Bullard 's observation about Fed behavior suggested — but well into the second half of 2010 .
As recently as early November , the fed - funds futures market had priced in a rate hike as soon as next July .
But look no further than the latest mortgage data for a clue about what the Fed is apt to do .
One in 10 mortgage borrowers is at least one payment behind schedule in the third quarter , according to the latest numbers released Thursday by the Mortgage Bankers Association .
Add in the nearly 4.5 % of mortgage borrowers who are actually in foreclosure and you find that one in seven American homeowners with mortgages is in serious trouble .
Given this level of debt distress , the likelihood of the Fed raising rates dwindles to insignificance until well into 2010 and perhaps beyond .
And this may be like the proverbial butterfly flapping its wings on the other side of the globe , but the opposition Labour Party in New Zealand this week withdrew its support for its central bank 's policy of targeting inflation as its touchstone .
The significance of that is the Reserve Bank of New Zealand was the first central bank to adopt inflation targeting back in the 1980s .
That was a part of the tiny nation 's free - market reforms championed by Finance Minister Roger Douglas that came to be called " Rogernomics , " which outdid Reaganomics in the States .
One academic became an enthusiast of the Kiwis ' inflation targeting -- Ben Bernanke .
Other central banks followed the New Zealanders , if not as formally , then in practice .
The tide is turning against inflation targeting now that inflation is nil or negative in many countries .
Kiwi Labour leader Phil Goff called for a " competitive " exchange rate for the New Zealand dollar , which has surged 23 % against the U.S. dollar in the past six months , Bloomberg News reported , which is anathema to an export - dependent economy .
In a less dramatic fashion , this is an updated version of William Jennings Bryan 's famous " cross of gold " speech in 1896 .
During deflations , there is no political will to pursue zero-inflation policies .
In similar fashion , that means the Fed will likely maintain a rock - bottom fed - funds target as long as the debt deflation exemplified by mortgage delinquencies foreclosures persists .
That 's the message of the two - year Treasury note .
And it is n't a bullish one .
Comments : randall.forsyth@barrons.com
Matthew Continetti's editorial in last week 's issue of the Weekly Standard - -" The Inevitability Myth : Health care reform is not a fait accompli " -- makes the case that , despite all evidence , health care reform may not be enacted after all .
( Continetti does concede that " the chances of some sort of health bill passing , at some point , are by no means negligible . "
So he 's telling us there 's a chance . )
This sort of argument is actually the signature style of the Standard .
A magazine like National Review specializes in making the case for conservative ideas .
The Standard 's contribution is to assert over and over that Republicans are succeeding , or at least doing better than you think they are .
The idea is to buck up your side and encourage them to keep fighting , in order to ward off the self - defeating psychology of losing .
It 's unclear to me why the subscribers of that magazine pay money to be the subjects of a disinformation campaign .
To be sure , like any stopped clock , sometimes the Standard gets it right .
But there 's a distinctly Pravda - esque feel to the political coverage that makes back reading an enjoyable experience .
With help from Noah Kristula - Green , I pulled together some examples :
Date : 09/29/2008
Headline : The GOP Brand :
It 's hot again .
The Good News : " While McCain may win the presidency , Republicans are n't likely to recapture either the Senate or the House .
Their aim is to cut their losses -- to fewer than 10 in the House and 3 or 4 in the Senate - - and hope for better times in 2010 .
With their new and improved brand , they have at least a shot at this .
" It may seem far - fetched , but President Bush has helped .
As Democrats have tried to tie McCain to him , Bush has mostly stayed out of the limelight . "
TGM is a Tetris arcade game released in 1998 on Sony Playstation - based ZN - 2 hardware ( the same as games like Strider 2 and Battle Arena Toshinden 2 ) .
It has had 2 arcade sequels ( Tetris the Grand Master 2 The Absolute ( 2000 ) and Tetris the Grand Master 3 Terror Instinct ( 2005 ) ) and most recently a release on Xbox 360 ( Tetris the Grand Master ACE ( 2005 ) ) .
There is also a Tetris with Cardcaptor Sakura Eternal Heart which is more or less part of the series that was released on Playstation , but that 's more a puzzle - game - with - Tetris than a " real " Tetris .
TGM , this is the reader ; reader , I present you Tetris the Grand Master , or TGM for short .
Oh.
Right .
It does n't quite work that way does it …
Let 's try this again shall we ?
Like many people , my initial reaction to these videos was something along the lines of " WTF ?
O_O
Wow , that 's fast !
This Japanese guy is crazy . " and I left it at that .
But behind this video there was a game of unimaginable depth : the Tetris the Grand Master series .
" Come again ?
A deep Tetris game ?
What 's so special about that ? ? " you might say .
Patience , young grasshopper , for the real presentation is yet to begin .
This article is dedicated to one of the smallest and least known gamer niche : Tetris the Grand Master players .
While it was me who wrote this article , it is truly a work from most of Tetrisconcept 's members .
All my thanks to them , for without them this article would n't have been written .
Special thanks to colour_thief for the french to english translation and Jagorochi for the gifs .
Also , if you want to know ever more about so - called hardcore Tetris , do n't hesitate to visit us at Tetrisconcept ; ) .
Happy reading !
- PetitPrince
TGM , TGM2 , TGM3
The vice president of Arika , and also the designer behind TGM , is Ichiro Mihara .
A Capcom veteran ( he worked on the original Megaman ) , he is a diehard perfectionist .
For example , he did not hesitate to cancel the PS2 port of Ketsui ( another Cave shmup ) when it did not meet his expectations in arcade accuracy .
The people behind TGM are a small studio called Arika .
Started by several ex-Capcom employees , it 's a relatively little known company .
They are responsible for some pretty famous games such as テクニクティクス and 対局麻雀 ネットでロン！ …
More seriously , they developed the Street Fighter Ex series and are responsible for the celebrated top-quality ports of a couple manic shmups to PS2 ( Dodonpachi Dai Ou Jou , Esp. Galuda ) .
They 've also done many games with Clamp licenses , such as Card Captor Sakura or Tsubasa Chronicles .
DoDonPachi Dai Ou Jou , Esp Galuda , Tsubasa Chronicles DS
For the rest of the story , I 'll give the floor to Needle , a member of the TetrisConcept 's forum and a veritable fountain of TGM knowledge ( reading Japanese , Mihara 's Blog , and 2 chan certainly helps with that ) .
" Back in the late nineties , there was a popular TV variety show called Gotsu Eé Kanji , in which the show hosts occasionally played Tetris against each other on air .
Arika was originally internally developing a versus - oriented home console game inspired by that show , with lots of items , PaRappa the Rapper - like characters , and bells & whistles .
When they talked with the show 's hosts however , they stated that they'd like more of a vanilla game since the beauty of the game lies in its simplicity .
In the end , the show folded without Arika 's game materializing .
About half an year later , there was some incident that irked Mihara ( specifics are not mentioned ) , which made him decide to develop a game for the arcades .
The " simplicity " quote by the TV show host still stuck with him , which influenced his design of the overall game , while the versus parts were carried over from the unreleased console game . "
Even if Needle seems to suggest that TGM was born from a TV Show , one mus n't forget that TGM was heavily influenced by previous Tetris , notably those developed by Sega ( their own Tetris , Flashpoint , Bloxeed ) and a fan game ( " Shimizu Tetris " , a pretty obscure clone for X68000 that for the first time featured a 20G like gameplay ) .
But the original impulse still comes from a television show , a certain culture of players and the mantra of " simplicity " .
From its game show roots it took … umm … nothing .
Bad example , sorry .
Perhaps the jingles ?
From its player culture it took the spirit of competition .
And from the mantra of simplicity , well …
Tetris has a pure and simple premise .
All Mihara did was add a few subtle changes to the basic game .
And like the game of Go , it is possible for simple rules to give birth to complex and deep gameplay .
A game of Go
Let us review the progression of a game of " normal " Tetris , such as on the Game Boy , for example .
It happens like this : the player receives a piece ( tetromino , tetramino , piece , mino , @# * $& piece , noooo not that one , etc… ) which he must place in the game space in such a way that he fills lines .
When a line is completely filled with blocks , it clears .
As you clear more and more lines , the pieces start falling faster .
Here comes a distinction with TGM : in Game Boy Tetris , for example , the maximum speed is fixed at 1 unit every every 20th of a second ( or one unit every 3 frames , with the Game Boy screen running at a refresh rate of approximately 60 Hz ) .
In TGM , the pieces never stop falling faster and faster .
Putting it another way , the gravity increases until pieces begin to fall instantly ( 20 units each frame ) .
And this changes everything .
Why ?
Because this gravity significantly constrains the player 's piece placement options , radically changing the way pieces are stacked .
It takes more effort than to simply avoid making holes .
You must maintain a vaguely pyramid like shape so that pieces can flow to the sides of the screen .
In fact , everything is tuned for high speed play .
This is how it's all dressed up : the stack of placed pieces is darker than the active piece .
A white line contours the shape of your stack to provide a good impression of its structure .
A unique sound is tied to each of the 7 pieces and is played in advance so that you know what is coming next .
Similarly , each piece has its own colour .
They might seem like small details , but these features add up to allowing the player to know the state of the game in the blink of an eye .
The gameplay also has features dedicated to facilitating high speed play .
After a piece is placed , there is a brief pause before it locks in place .
This is essential at high speed , for without pause pieces would lock on top of each other rapidly before you have time to do anything with them .
Not cool .
Another new element is the IRS ( Initial Rotation System ) .
It allows you to pre-rotate pieces before they enter the screen .
This feature might seem useless or nearly useless .
But at high speed , it is indispensable .
These pictures will explain it better than words ever could :
The first animation is a simple demonstration of how IRS works .
In the second animation , the player wants to place his piece to the left .
Not quite up to the challenge , the " member " of the piece blocks the way putting him in an embarrassing situation .
In the third , the player has properly handled the beast , and now it glides over and into the hole perfectly .
( any dubious interpretation of the preceding passage is entirely your imagination : D ) .
Aside from these gameplay additions , certain existing elements had to be changed for high speed play .
Notably , the piece randomizer .
Theoretically speaking , each Tetris piece is given out completely at random .
This is all well and good , but it permits the existence of " the sequence of doom " ( < insert evil laugh here > ) .
What is this ?
Simply put , it 's a streak of S and Z pieces , without others .
It 's a sequence that forces the player to lose .
Well , in practice , you rarely get this exact scenario .
But the point still stands : it 's really shitty when you get too many of the same piece in a row .
To prevent this problem , you need a good piece generator .
In a nutshell , here 's how TGM 's works .
We do n't truly know if it really works like this , but statistically , it gives a similar distribution of pieces ( yes , people have done statistical analysis on this … says something about the passion of the players eh ? :D ) .
The randomizer maintains a history of the 4 most recent given pieces .
Every time it needs to generate a piece , it will impartially choose one of the 7 pieces .
The randomizer checks if this chosen piece is found in the history .
If it is n't , this piece is given .
If it is , it picks one of the 7 pieces randomly again .
If after a certain number of attempts ( 4 for TGM , 6 for its sequels ) , it still does not succeed at finding a piece outside the history , it settles for this recently given piece .
The advantage of this generator is that by and large you get an even distribution of pieces .
Put another way , the player never feels cheated by the machine ( by repeatedly providing the same unwanted pieces ) , but is still surprised by the unpredictable piece sequence .
The second point I want to discuss is the rotation system of the pieces .
Have you ever asked yourself how a Tetris piece rotates ?
Well , in reality , the term " rotation system " encompasses other gameplay elements as well .
It would perhaps be best to rephrase the question as " how can the player interact with the pieces " … but the previous term is sexier so I 'll keep it .
The rotations themselves are not that important , it 's what 's around the pieces at the time that is .
What happens when a piece , up against a wall , is rotated ?
An elegant general solution to this problem is wallkicks .
Here , I 'll demonstrate it with pictures :
The first picture depicts a piece up against the wall ( though it could just as well have been blocked by other pieces ) .
The second picture shows how the piece wants to rotate .
Certainly , having a piece encased in the wall is not what the player wants to happen here .
One solution would be to simply make rotation impossible in this scenario , but this would limit the game too much .
The solution TGM adopts is shown in the third picture : the piece is simply rotated as it wants , but one space to the right .
If one space to the right still overlaps another piece , TGM would then try to place it one space to the left .
Failing all 3 of those options , then it would simply fail to rotate ( lest things get ridiculous >_< ) .
TGM 's rotation system has plenty of restrictions , without being overly restricting .
Err , well , that sounds like an oxymoron .
But it 's true !
Certain restrictions on rotation prevent the player from placing pieces wherever he likes ( especially in 20G ) , which forces the player to not overthink things .
TGM is a game that is nervous , fast paced , and completely dedicated to the talent of the player .
Mihara focused on the quintessential essence of Tetris ( placing pieces correctly ) and through his game , challenged players to new heights .
This is why the game is limited to fewer than 999 pieces , and timed : at this level of skill , survival is assumed .
The real task is to prove your talent through more tetrises and a faster time to 999 .
This aspect of competition is emphasized wih a grading sytem ( 9 to 1 , then S1 to S9 , then finally Gm ) which permits a general way of classifying the player skill .
Even if it 's a game that favours a certain type of elite super human that can surpass 88 miles per hour , it does n't exclude the rest of us : it 's still just Tetris !
You do n't need to be a beast to enjoy playing the game , and without great difficulty a novice can discover the subtleties of the game for himself ( though obviously , at 100 Yen a pop , it 's a little different than 1 or 2 Euros per game ) .
Since the expiration of the original Tetris contracts in 1996 , The Tetris Company ( TTC ) , founded by Henk Rogers ( holder of the Tetris ' console rights and friend of Pajitnov ) , has since acquired complete rights to the game .
Every game bearing the Tetris name must be approved by the company .
Everything is standardized in a confidential document ( revised periodically ) which is called the Tetris Guidelines .
TTC 's vision of Tetris is quite a bit different than that of Mihara's .
Whereas Mihara approached the game methodically and polished the gameplay to satisfy hardcore gamers , TTC likes to keep things aimed squarely at casual players , with " cool " features of dubious lasting appeal .
To illustrate things more clearly , I will take the most striking difference from TGM : the feature called " Infinity " .
Recall above the dilemma of high speed play : if there is n't a brief delay before locking when a piece is placed , high speed play becomes impossible .
Well .
In TGM , this " locking delay " resets every time the piece drops lower .
In games strictly following TTC 's rules , this delay is reset by any movement or rotation .
Combined with different wallkick rules that allow rotation in almost any circumstance , you can effectively place pieces as slowly as you want at all times , regardless of the gravity .
Rogers defends himself by saying that abusing this feature will simply waste time that a skillful player could put to better use .
And in multiplayer games , this is absolutely true : Tetris DS 's online mode is a killer experience ( to be avoided during exam time ) .
The problem is that the single player modes are n't penalizing the player for wasting time , which in turn makes them a waste of time .
To take another example from Tetris DS , any player can reach 99,999,999 in marathon mode if they have the patience .
No talent is required .
So . Mihara and the TTC have very different visions of Tetris .
The frustrating thing is this : as time goes on the Tetris Guidelines are becoming more restrictive .
The early rules were no doubt more reasonable ( stuff like " the game area must be 10 by 20 blocks , plus 2 invisible spaces where the pieces spawn " ) , but the rules have gradually expanded to the point where they are choking the TGM series to death .
The current rules make TTC 's rotation rules and infinity feature mandatory ( the official name for that is SRS , or Super Rotation System … oh the irony ) .
It has neutered TGM's high speed challenge .
TGM has lost its balls .
For a little more history , the guidelines first started affecting the series with TGM3 ( 2005 ) .
But at that time it was only mandatory for games to include SRS , not focus on it .
TGM3 worked around this by letting the player choose between TGM and SRS rotation systems , the latter of which is much less popular among players .
In contrast , by the time TGM ACE was released , Mihara was forced to only include TGM rotation later with an Xbox Live update , and even then it was missing many of the features players had come to expect from the classic rotation system .
As a result of this , players largely kept to TGM3 and even made their own game .
Which brings me to my next appendix .
Shortly before the release of this article , colour_thief brought to my attention the fact that Sega had a great influence on TGM 's development .
Here 's what he wrote .
[...]
My only major criticism is that Sega Tetris gets only mentioned in passing .
It 's a Tetris ( predating GB Tetris ) that introduced lock time and ARE [ ARE is the period of time between the lockdown of one tetromino and the appearance of the next one ] .
This allowed the gravity to get really fast and the pieces to scrape the bottom just like TGM .
More than that , it also featured a slow - fast - slow - fast gravity curve that is similar to Master Mode [ in Master Mode , the gravity resets at level 200 ] and unlike other games .
Arcade players were hooked to this flavour of Tetris , continuing to prefer the Sega style even after the release of the Game Boy and other versions .
They 'd play to max out the score ... the lines ... everything .
And when they had completely conquered the game like this , they started making unofficial challenges .
The ' >' secret grade challenge from TGM [ see that video ] actually comes from this Sega Tetris culture : Players tried to build that shape as a training challenge .
Is that not awesome ?
The game failed to measure their skill improvement ( max score / lines is always just max score / lines ) and yet they continued on , addicted and devoted to improving their tetris skills .
Shimizu Tetris is a clone for X68000 that was released around that time period and culture of players .
It 's customizability made it possible to take the tetris concept to unexplored extremes .
Popular settings were 20G , and also a screen width of 4 .
Reducing the screen width to 4 gives you a game very similar to Big Mode in TGM .
Mihara has explicitly stated he took 20G from Shimizu Tetris , so it 's likely that it inspired Big Mode as well .
TGM VS , even if is was originally developed for a game show , uses mechanics that were established in Bloxeed .
The PSX Sakura game and Sakura mode in TGM3 are modern takes of the Flashpoint concept .
Truly , the debt to Sega Tetris games and culture is huge .
Being an arcade game , playing TGM is not a trivial task .
You can't expect to have it readily sold in your local game shop for your nextnext - gen console .
Except if you are rich enough to buy the actual arcade PCB ( depending on which TGM version your want , prices may varie from " that 's a little pricey for Tetris " to " eh , I 'd rather buy myself a new car " ) ( and you may add to that cost the price of an actual arcade cabinet / supergun ) , you 'll play to play TGM is via your computer .
There 's two way to play TGM styled Tetris :
MAME
Perhaps the most logical solution is to use the famouse Multi Arcade Machine Emululator aka MAME .
Currently , MAME emulates in a pretty good fashion TGM1 and TGM2 ( note : do n't forget to get the " Plus " verison that adds T.A. Death mode ! ) , but surely wo n't be able to emulate TGM3 in at least 15 years ( TGM3 runs on a Taito Type - X , which is nothing else than a disguised Windows XP machine - and thus hard to emulate ) ( EMULATE , not crack ) .
Some years ago ( around mid-late 2005 - just after the release of 0.99 u4 to be more precise ) , Arika asked the MAME team to withdraw TGM2 support ( it was then still pretty popular in the game center , and TTC gave them penalty because of some emulated footage on youtube ) .
The team then complied , and it was then an epic adventure to get the right version of MAME and the rom to play TGM .
Fortunately for us , they ( as in , the MAME team ) got TGM2 support back in 0.129 .
It 's still illegal for 99.99 % of us to play TGM in MAME , so I wo n't write further informations .
I 'm sure your google - fu will find any necessary informations .
Clones and fangames
The japanese amateur / indie scene ( famously called " doujinshi " ) is not a force to ignore .
Each year , there 's * tons * of good , not so good and brilliant game that are released ( Doukutsu Monogatari ?
Melty Blood ?
Every Extend ? yup , that came right from the doujinshi scene ) .
Naturally , it was bound to have some quality Tetris related game .
Most of them are clone of TGM , its mechanics guessed by careful footage analysis or brute retro-engineering .
Heboris
The oldest one is Heboris .
It started as a solo project to clone of TGM2 and was written in YGS2000 ( YaneuraoGameScript 2000 ) , a really easily moddable environment ( you could load the script up in Notepad if you liked ) .
Enter the 2ch community .
For those you do n't know , 2ch is like Something Awful , but even bigger .
It had the power , the technology and the capabilities to rebuilt TGM to make it better , stronger , faster than it was before .
More seriously , it 's one of the most complete clone at the moment .
It can easily simulate TGM1 , 2 and 3 of course but also TGM : ACE , Tetris DS and DTET ( another homebrew Tetris that was an experiment to improve SRS ) .
However , its develepment is now stopped ( or at least not publicly ) , as a result of Arika 's withdrawal of some Heboris video on youtube .
The main binary ( Windows only ) and one of the latest of 2 ch's unnofficial patch can be downloaded from this very page .
I figured out that the best way to introduce someone to TGM is to play it !
Texmaster
It is the work of a single japanese nicknamed Report , it 's also a quite old homebrew .
Its development stopped at a some point but then restated around 2008 when Report found Tetrisconcept and its quite rich wiki .
Currently , it is the most convenient way to play TGM style Tetris .
Launch , select your mode , play .
There 's also some handy feature , also present in Heboris but much more streamlined : auto game recording , statistics , screenshot and video export .
It runs quite well on the three main computer platform ( that is , Windows , Linux and OSX ) .
The only possible issue of Tex ' is its weird sound & background theme .
I hope you like Counter - Strike Source !
You can get a < a href = " http://www.tetrisconcept.net/forum/showthread.html?t=2 ">list of mirror from Tetrisconcept 's forum page .
Blockbox
BLockbox comes from Deniax , a dutch developper .
Blockbox is not only a very good TGM clone , but the only serious attempt to have a multiplayer Tetris with TGM rotations ( Heboris tried once but we have n't heard news of it for ages ) .
Complete with leaderboard and replay , it is our ( as in , Tetrisconcept 's ) multiplayer game of choice .
Also , being an online game , you can play it from virtually anywhere , as long as you have an internet connection and java .
Unfortunately , OSX is not supported ( " until Apple fixes its broken Java " Deniaxs says ) .
Conclusion
Here we are at the end of the article .
I will conclude with these words :
More than a " simple Tetris " , the TGM series is a brilliant example of the importance of gameplay in a videogame .
Even if a game 's basic concept is good , adding new elements can either make it boring ( the infinity behaviour ) or , on the other hand , raise it to new heights ( 20G gameplay ) .
It is surprising that TTC has n't yet developed a serious , competitive Tetris , because the concept has huge potential .
Granted , there 's TGM for single player competition and Tetris DS for multiplayer competition .
But the first one is distributed only in Japan while the second one lacks a proper infrastructure .
My dream : that Tetris becomes an electronic sport , commanding the same respect as Street Fighter , Starcraft or Counter - Strike ! :)
The series developed a devoted following in Japan .
Just look at all the players who bore a " TGM - " tag in their name after Tetris DS was released or , more simply , how precise and thorough the Heboris Unofficial Expansion is now .
For the Western world , the gathering point is Tetrisconcept ( you do n't mind if I make a little plug , do you ?
:D ) which was created by caffeine and kept alive by a bunch of heavily intoxicated tetriholics ( myself included , hehe :) ) .
Do not hesitate to ask them any questions that come to mind !
I hope my little presentation helped you discover a new side of Tetris ( a little more than " that game with blocks that fall " ) and , perhaps , even gave you an urge to try a competitive Tetris game .
Or at least , the urge to dust off your old Game Boy ;)
PetitPrince
Back in July , it seemed certain that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West were headed for divorce .
During a severe bipolar episode , Kanye publicly accused Kim of cheating on him and threatened to divorce her .
