Some Russian rich guys exercise in luxury , some in ingenuity of their luxury .
Like this shark - boat in St. Petersburg .
It stayed for a few days parked near one of the city river banks then floated away driven by some another New Russian Rich Man .
Photos by Ekaterina Volokitina
Tornado and Rainbow Over Kansas
<< Yesterday 13.06.2005 Tomorrow >>
The scene might have been considered serene if it were n't for the tornado .
Last June in Kansas , storm chaser Eric Nguyen photographed this budding twister in a different light -- the light of a rainbow .
Pictured above , a white tornado cloud descends from a dark storm cloud .
The Sun , peaking through a clear patch of sky to the left , illuminates some buildings in the foreground .
Sunlight reflects off raindrops to form a rainbow .
By coincidence , the tornado appears to end right over the rainbow .
Streaks in the image are hail being swept about by the high swirling winds .
Over 1,000 tornadoes , the most violent type of storm known , occur on Earth every year , many in tornado alley .
If you see a tornado while driving , do not try to outrun it -- park your car safely , go to a storm cellar , or crouch under steps in a basement .
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
< June 2005 > Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Su
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
1995 1996
1997 1998
1999 2000
2001 2002
2003 2004
2005 2006
2007 2008
2009 2010
2011 2012
2013 2014
2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 2020
A team of researchers at MIT is designing the CityCar , a tiny urban - assault vehicle with electric motors in all four wheels .
Photo : Courtesy of MIT Media Lab / Franco Vairani View Slideshow
Where will the car of the future come from ?
Detroit , which fumbled the electric automobile and let Japan grab the lead in hybrids ?
Not likely .
Instead , try NASA , MIT 's Media Lab or Silicon Valley , where the sizzling , battery - powered Tesla Roadster debuted last summer .
New technology that promises to revolutionize the automobile as we know it is emerging from research institutions and startups – and these innovations wo n't set you back $ 100,000 like a Tesla will .
U.K. - based PML
Flightlink put four of its 160 - horsepower electric motors in the wheels of a BMW Mini to produce a concept car that shoots from zero to 60 in about four seconds and hits a top speed of 150 miles an hour .
The engines also act as brakes , recovering energy that charges a battery and giving the car a range of more than 200 miles .
A tiny gasoline motor can be used to recharge the battery for longer trips , on which the car gets 80 miles per gallon .
Another British firm , the Lightning Car Company , has already begun taking orders for its Lightning GT , a sleek , 700 - horsepower sports car powered by PML's wheel motors .
A team of researchers at MIT 's Media Lab , meanwhile , hopes to use the same approach to reduce congestion in today 's crowded cities .
They 're experimenting with small electric motors located in the wheels of the CityCar , a tiny , nimble and practically silent vehicle with wheels that turn 360 degrees , enabling it to slip neatly into tight urban parking spaces .
Designed to stack like supermarket carts when not in use , the cars could be parked strategically in front of subway stations and office buildings , where people could grab one as needed for short - term , one - way rentals , says Ryan Chin , one of the MIT researchers .
Others are looking to revolutionize the automobile 's engine , not replace it .
The radical new design of the Scuderi power plant splits the cylinders of an internal - combustion engine in two , compressing air in one chamber , then shooting it into a combustion chamber where it 's mixed with gas and ignited .
The Massachusetts startup 's design allows recovered braking energy to be stored as compressed air .
It also creates a highly efficient combustion environment , promising to double gas mileage while drastically reducing tailpipe emissions .
Colorado - based Sturman Industries is working on another type of under - the - hood innovation .
Run by former NASA engineer Eddie Sturman , who designed an electronic valve for Apollo spacecraft in the '60s , the company uses digital valves to control the flow of air and fuel to internal - combustion engines , eliminating the need for camshafts .
Going digital means the valves work faster and more precisely than mechanically operated ones , and use far less energy .
The valves provide such precise control of combustion , Sturman says , that an engine using them will deliver twice the power , with essentially no emissions .
Cars and trucks using the technology would be able to adjust to different fuels .
" You 'll be able to fill up with diesel one day , and gasoline or ethanol the next , " says company president and chairwoman Carol Sturman .
" The valves send information back to a microprocessor which then adjusts the combustion process as needed . "
Some of the valves are already in commercial production .
Besides delivering far greater efficiency , Sturman 's technology could speed up the design cycle .
In the past , engine designers who wanted to experiment with different timing had to build a whole new cam assembly .
With Sturman 's digital valves , they just dial in a new timing value .
Then there 's the new " external combustion " engine being developed by Ethos Environmental , a publicly traded San Diego company that makes fuel additives .
The engine , says Ethos CEO Enrique De Vilmorin , runs on energy derived from an expanding gas similar to Freon .
The gas is heated outside the engine , and only has to be warmed to about 100 degrees .
Any one of a number of fuels could work , including coal pulverized to a fine powder that looks like the toner used in laser printers .
" Desulfurized powdered coal is nontoxic and much safer than a liquid fuel like gasoline , " says De Vilmorin , " and you do n't need a gas station .
You could pick up a bag at Wal - Mart , and 75 pounds would get you across the country . "
Listening to De Vilmorin describe the engine sounds like a pitch for snake oil : Based on the company 's early tests , he says , an engine the size of two basketballs could propel a full - size car down the road with only a fraction of the emissions of today 's internal - combustion engines .
But De Vilmorin has a boatload of patents on the technology , and is in discussions with a San Diego landfill operator for a pilot project to use the engine to generate electricity from the methane gas produced by garbage .
Payback time on that project , according to De Vilmorin : two years or less .
Some automotive researchers are n't convinced that these new types of engines will actually power cars anytime soon .
" A lot of ideas look really good as computer simulations , " says Stephen Ciatti , an engine expert at Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois , " but there 's no technological silver bullet out there .
The innovations are almost certainly going to be incremental . "
That 's not discouraging the startups – or stopping Detroit from following their work closely .
General Motors researchers regularly visit MIT 's Media Lab , and have met with the Tesla Roadster 's makers .
And early this year , GM unveiled a prototype for a sporty plug - in hybrid it calls the Chevrolet Volt .
The car has two electric motors and a small internal - combustion engine to recharge them , according to Tony Posawac , the GM executive in charge of the project .
The Volt is due to hit the street in 2010 .
By then , even without a silver - bullet breakthrough , the automaker is likely to have competition .
Automotive entrepreneur Malcolm Bricklin , who first imported Subarus into the United States in the '60s , is planning to use existing technology and Chinese factories to bring high - end plug - in hybrids to America .
Bricklin has signed up dozens of established car dealers to sell the vehicles , which will start at less than $ 40,000 , and expects to have them on the market by the end of the decade .
Hot Wheels
Detroit's Coupe de Grace
GM's Billion - Dollar Bet
Hybrids , We Never Knew Ya
Wired Blog : Autopia
The brain is a tangled web of information .
We do n’t remember single facts , but instead we interlink everything by association .
Anytime we experience a new event , our brains tie the sights , smells , sounds and our own impressions together into a new relationship .
Our brain remembers things by repetition , association , visual imagery , and all five senses .
By knowing a bit about how the brain works , we can become better learners , absorbing new information faster than ever .
Here are some study tips to help get you started :
1. Use Flashcards
Our brains create engrained memories through repetition .
The more times we hear , see , or repeat something to ourselves , the more likely we are to remember it .
Flashcards can help you learn new subjects quickly and efficiently .
Flashcards allow you to study anywhere at any time .
Their portable nature lends them to quick study sessions on the bus , in traffic , at lunch , or in the doctor ’s office .
You can always whip out your flashcards for a quick 2 to 3 minute study session .
Advertising
To create effective flashcards , you need to put one point on each flashcard .
Do n’t load up the entire card with information .
That ’s just overload .
Instead , you should dedicate one concept to each card .
One of the best ways to make flashcards is to put 1 question on the front and one answer on the back .
This way , you can repeatedly quiz yourself into you have mastered any topic of your choice .
Commit to reading through your flash cards at least 3 times a day and you will be amazed at how quickly you pick up new information .
As Tony Robbins says ,
“ Repetition is the mother of skill ” .
2. Create the Right Environment
Often times , where you study can be just as important as how you study .
For an optimum learning environment , you ’ll want to find a nice spot that is fairly peaceful .
Some people ca n’t stand a deafening silence , but you certainly do n’t want to study near constant distractions .
Find a spot that you can call your own , with plenty of room to spread out your stuff .
Go there each time you study and you will find yourself adapting to a productive study schedule .
When you study in the same place each time , you become more productive in that spot because you associate it with studying .
3. Use Acronyms to Remember Information
In your quest for knowledge , you may have once heard of an odd term called “ mnemonics ” .
However , even if you have n’t heard of this word , you have certainly heard of its many applications .
One of the most popular mnemonic examples is “ Every Good Boy Does Fine ” .
This is an acronym used to help musicians and students to remember the notes on a treble clef stave .
An acronym is simply an abbreviation formed using the intial letters of a word .
These types of memory aids can help you to learn large quantities of information in a short period of time .
4. Listen to Music
Research has long shown that certain types of music help you to recall information .
Information learned while listening to a particular song can often be remembered simply by “ playing ” the songs mentally in your head .
Advertising
5. Rewrite Your Notes
This can be done by hand or on the computer .
However , you should keep in mind that writing by hand can often stimulate more neural activity than when writing on the computer .
Everyone should study their notes at home but often times , simply re-reading them is too passive .
Re-reading your notes can cause you to become disengaged and distracted .
To get the most out of your study time , make sure that it is active .
Rewriting your notes turns a passive study time into an active and engaging learning tool .
You can begin using this technique by buying two notebooks for each of your classes .
Dedicate one of the notebooks for making notes during each class .
Dedicate the other notebook to rewriting your notes outside of class .
6. Engage Your Emotions
Emotions play a very important part in your memory .
Think about it .
The last time you went to a party , which people did you remember ?
The lady who made you laugh , the man who hurt your feelings , and the kid who went screaming through the halls are the ones you will remember .
They are the ones who had an emotional impact .
Fortunately , you can use the power of emotion in your own study sessions .
Enhance your memory by using your five senses .
Do n’t just memorize facts .
Do n’t just see and hear the words in your mind .
Create a vivid visual picture of what you are trying to learn .
Advertising
For example , if you are trying to learn the many parts of a human cell , begin physically rotating the cell in your minds eye .
Imagine what each part might feel like .
Begin to take the cell apart piece by piece and then reconstruct it .
Paint the human cell with vivid colors .
Enlarge the cell in your mind ’s eye so that it is now six feet tall and putting on your own personal comedy show .
This visual and emotional mind play will help deeply encode information into your memory .
7. Make Associations
One of the best ways to learn new things is to relate what you want to learn with something you already know .
This is known as association , and it is the mental glue that drives your brain .
Have you ever listened to a song and been flooded by memories that were connected to it ?
Have you ever seen an old friend that triggered memories from childhood ?
This is the power of association .
To maximize our mental powers , we must constantly be looking for ways to relate new information with old ideas and concepts that we are already familiar with .
You can do this with the use of mindmapping .
A mind map is used to diagram words , pictures , thoughts , and ideas into a an interconnected web of information .
This simple practice will help you to connect everything you learn into a global network of knowledge that can be pulled from at any moment .
Advertising
Learn more about mindmapping here : How to Mind Map to Visualize Your Thoughts ( With Mind Map Examples )
Featured photo credit : Alissa De Leva via unsplash.com
Neocon Bill Kristol expects Bush to attack Pakistan David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday July 12 , 2007 Print This Email This Fox News on Thursday asked Neoconservative Bill Kristol to comment on the interim progress report on Iraq , which is about to be released and is expected to show an even split between benchmarks which show progress and those which do not .
" They 're silly benchmarks , a lot of them , " said Kristol .
" The military situation is better than anyone expected .
...
If Bush can just hang on there and beat back the people in Congress who want to snatch defeat out of the jaws of possible success ... I think we 're going to win this war . "
A
Fox host then cited a new report that " al Qaeda ... is running from Iraq , apparently to Pakistan " and asked " did this report come out on purpose so that we will have the right ... to go after Pakistan now ? "
Kristol responded , " I think the president 's going to have to take military action there over the next few weeks or months .
... Bush has to disrupt that sanctuary . "
" I think , frankly , we wo n't even tell Musharraf , " Kirstol continued .
" We 'll do what we have to do in Western Pakistan and Musharraf can say , ' Hey , they did n't tell me . ' "
The following video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on July 12 .
At first glance , this may actually look like a picture taken in the Netherlands , but in reality , it ’s just an incredibly detailed LEGO creation .
At first glance , this may actually look like a picture taken in the Netherlands , but in reality , it ’s just an incredibly detailed LEGO creation .
The average hourly pay for a Medical Assistant is $ 15.27 .
10 % $ 11.86 MEDIAN $ 15.27 90 % $ 19.84
Use our tool to get a personalized report on your market worth .
What 's this ?
Is Medical Assistant your job title ?
Find out what you should be paid Location : United States ( change ) Years in Field / Career :
How it works : 1 Enter city & years of experience 2
Add pay factors like skills & education 3
Find your market worth with a report tailored to you
Hourly Rate $ 12 - $ 20 Bonus $ 100 - $ 1,931 Profit Sharing $ 99 - $ 3,750 Commission $ 30 - $ 4,932 Total Pay $ 24,762 - $ 41,976
Find your market worth – how it works :
Tell us about your job and pay factors like skills and education Find your market worth with a report tailored to you Negotiate your pay with confidence Enter your job title :
What Do Medical Assistants Do ?
Most of the time , medical assistants work in doctors ’ offices , hospitals , or medical clinics .
They prepare treatment rooms to make sure that they are clean .
They walk patients from waiting rooms to examination or treatment rooms .
They interview patients .
They take patients ’ vital signs , such as temperature , weight , and blood pressure .
They write down other information , such as why the patients come to their facility , their symptoms , and medication that patients are currently taking .
They mu … Read more
Job Satisfaction for Medical Assistant 3.8 out of 5 ( 5,173 ) Highly Satisfied 286 Reviews
The top respondents for the job title Medical Assistant are from the companies Planned Parenthood , Kaiser Permanente and Banner Health .
Reported salaries are highest at Kaiser Permanente where the average pay is $ 22.13 .
Other companies that offer high salaries for this role include Ascension Health and Planned Parenthood , earning around $ 16.08 and $ 15.96 , respectively .
HCA Physician Services pays the lowest at around $ 14.15 .
Beaumont Health and Internal Medicine Group also pay on the lower end of the scale , paying $ 14.59 and $ 15.62 , respectively .
Career Paths Explore the most common career paths for Medical Assistant .
Thickness and color of lines indicates popularity of movement from one job to the next .
Visit our career path planner to research other job paths .
Medical Assistant View salaries » Medical Assistant ( Certified ) View salaries » Registered Medical Assistant ( RMA ) View salaries » Certified Medical Assistant ( CMA ) More common (> 20 % ) Somewhat common ( 8 - 20 % ) Less common (< 8 % )
Medical Assistant Job Listings Search for more jobs Job Title / Company Location Search
Skills in Electronic Medical Records ( EMR ) , Phlebotomy and Triage are correlated to pay that is above average .
Skills that pay less than market rate include Scheduling .
What is the Pay by Experience Level for Medical Assistants ?
An entry - level Medical Assistant with less than 1 year experience can expect to earn an average total compensation ( includes tips , bonus , and overtime pay ) of $ 13.40 based on 1,908 salaries .
An early career Medical Assistant with 1 - 4 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 14.41 based on 11,880 salaries .
A mid-career Medical Assistant with 5 - 9 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 15.86 based on 7,690 salaries .
An experienced Medical Assistant with 10 - 19 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 16.76 based on 7,192 salaries .
In their late career ( 20 years and higher ) , employees earn an average total compensation of $ 18 .
Employees with Medical Assistant in their job title in New York , New York earn an average of 12.2 % more than the national average .
These job titles also find higher than average salaries in San Diego , California ( 9.4 % more ) and Chicago , Illinois ( 7.6 % more ) .
Just when I was losing all faith in our elected leaders , a little ray of sunshine caught my attention .
Florida Representative Bob Allen was arrested for allegedly offering one of his constituents $ 20 and a blow job .
Unfortunately for Bob , that constituent happened to be an undercover cop in a public restroom , so Bob got arrested .
http://www.tallahassee.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20070711/CAPITOLNEWS/70711023
My initial reaction to this story was BEST… ELECTED OFFICIAL…EVER .
Generally , after we elect a politician , he takes our money and gives it to people we do n’t even like .
Bob Allen got it right .
He ’s willing to give his voters $ 20 apiece and service them orally .
He cares .
Some of you might not want to accept the non-cash component of Bob ’s offer .
But still , you have to appreciate his attitude .
They say all politics is local , and Bob takes it to the next level , i.e. inside your pants .
I think I found my new preferred candidate for president .
I can imagine Bob Allen negotiating with Korean leader Kim Jung Il :
Bob :
Would you stop building nuclear bombs , please ?
Kim :
What ’s in it for me ?
Bob :
Well , for starters , this twenty - dollar bill …
Definition
This is a page about performing actions “ in the background ” without resorting to operating system level threads .
See : NoThreading
Justification
Emacs is the start of a great Operating System , but sometimes blocks the entire interface instead of just the buffer with pending IO .
Concurrency allows individual buffers to be “ locked ” , hopefully with a progress - bar , when keyboard input could cause data corruption .
Use Cases :
Pressing “ ! ” ( ‘ dired- do- shell - command ’ ) in ‘ dired ’ : Researching … maybe bg- shell - command.el ?
Pressing “ g ” ( ‘ revert - buffer ’ ) in a ‘ dired ’ buffer .
Pressing “ % g ” ( ‘ dired- mark - files -containing - regexp ’ ) in a ‘ dired ’ buffer .
All IMAP operation in Gnus ( see GnusSpeed )
Already Concurrent
Font Lock : ‘ jit - lock - stealth-fontify ’ solves this ( using IdleTimers ) .
Shell : EmacsShell must be doing this right ?
( It runs external processes asynchronously )
Introspection : EmacsDebugger seems like it must do this , but maybe I ’m thinking about it wrong .
( It does n’t really do much processing , just goes into a RecursiveEdit )
Practical Approaches to Concurrency in use today
Accept that you can do a lot with just multiple async processes – this is the NodeJs approach ; a single Emacs can ask another process to do something and use ProcessSentinels and ProcessFilterFunctions to do quite a lot of processing apparently concurrently but really just in an event loop .
As long as the ProcessFilterFunction is not too slow this is fine .
As a special case , the async subprocess can be an Emacs running in BatchMode .
Elnode and ElpaKit take this approach .
JohnWiegley ’s Async makes this into an Elisp library , it has a has a ‘ dired - async ’ module that can be used to make at least copying and moving to remote servers asynchronous .
– this is the NodeJs approach ; a single Emacs can ask another process to do something and use ProcessSentinels and ProcessFilterFunctions to do quite a lot of processing apparently concurrently but really just in an event loop .
As long as the ProcessFilterFunction is not too slow this is fine .
Defer asynchronous tasks – this is what the emacs - deferred library does .
It provides facilities to manage asynchronous tasks .
The API and implementations were translated from JSDeferred and Mochikit .
Async in Javascript .
concurrent.el is a higher level library for concurrency , based on `deferred.el ’ .
– this is what the emacs - deferred library does .
It provides facilities to manage asynchronous tasks .
The API and implementations were translated from JSDeferred and Mochikit .
Async in Javascript .
concurrent.el is a higher level library for concurrency , based on `deferred.el ’ .
IdleTimers – Call some Elisp while the user is n’t doing anything .
You can still lock up Emacs if you ’re not careful though .
The threading API added in Emacs 27 is mostly equivalent , though sometimes more convenient .
See also LaterDo .
Research
CoRoutines , jit - lock - stealth * , ECB , Lisp: later - do.el , Lisp: coroutine.el , Lisp: tagbody.el , AsyncEval
http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/ange/archives/archives-95/ange-ftp-lovers-archive/0073.html
Re : ange - ftp.el patch to always asynchronously copy files Andy Norman ( ange@otter.hpl.hp.com )
Fri , 09 Sep 1994 11:52:05 +0100 * Messages sorted by : [ date ] [ thread ] [ subject ] [ author ] * Next message : Peter Mutsaers : " Re : ange - ftp.el patch to always asynchronously copy files " * Previous message : Richard Tait : " Re : ange - ftp.el patch to always asynchronously copy files " *
In reply to : Richard Tait : " Re : ange - ftp.el patch to always asynchronously copy files " *
Next in thread : Peter Mutsaers : " Re : ange - ftp.el patch to always asynchronously copy files " Rick writes : >>>>>>
" Andy " == Andy Norman < ange@hplb.hpl.hp.com > writes : Andy >
I 'd advise against this change as it would confuse dired when Andy > multiple tagged files are being copied .
( Note that efs Andy > 1.12 - beta / dired 7.5 have asynchronous file copying support ) .
>
Hmmm .
I 've been using ange - ftp on 19.25 for a long while now and the fact > that I did have to wait around was major factor of cheese for me .
Then I > switched to Lucid 19.10 and the ange - ftp I 'm using there is ( I guess ) > asynchronously copying files , because I can edit , read mail etc while the > file is being transferred .
>
So how come this is implemented in Lucid but not GNU Emacs ?
A bit of history may help new listeners here ... ange - ftp was developed under GNU Emacs 18 .
It worked mainly by overloading functions .
Around the same time , an extended version of dired ( =tree dired ) was developed by Sebastian Kremer and both Sebastian and I worked together to make sure that both packages were compatible as far as possible .
ange - ftp 4.20 ( the last v18 release ) came with several functions which re-defined what tree dired did when copying files .
It allowed both single file copy ( =copy - file ) and dired 's " c " command to work asynchronously even on multiple files .
RMS then took tree dired and ange - ftp 4.20 and incorporated them into FSF GNU Emacs 19 . < somelowdigit > .
He renamed several ange - ftp variables , removed a lot of the non-UNIX support in ange - ftp and stripped out a lot of the dired overloading , including the multiple file async copying .
In addition , RMS was n't too keen on the way that ange - ftp overwrote functions , so he added a different mechanism for ange - ftp and other packages that might play with filenames could hook into GNU Emacs .
This mechanism has been refined a few times since its original introduction .
The fallout from all these changes is that RMS 's version of ange - ftp / dired does n't currently do any copying asynchronously .
Now , Lucid Emacs ( or XEmacs as it is probably called now ) took the v18 ange - ftp 4.20 and made a few improvements to it .
I believe that they took " tree " dired 6.0 , but I 'm not sure .
The offshoot is that ange - ftp works under XEmacs in the same way as it worked under v18 , namely that async copying is supported and works fine .
I hope this ramble helps a bit ... -- ange -- <><
Discussion
Is it the tail call capability that allows CoRoutines in Scheme to CommonLisp to be used as a type of Thread ?
Is that what a continuation is ?
No. Tail Call Optimization allows Scheme to express iterative loops ( that is , iterative algorithms ) as recursive programs .
CoRoutines are a type of cooperative threading , so not the type you are looking for ( which would be preemptive threading ) .
I ’ve studied this in the past but was somehow never able to get it understood .
In other words , would it ever be possible to create a ConcurrentEmacs with the current EmacsLisp engine ?
Difficult .
Dynamic scoping has a really hard time with threads , so that would be the biggest problem .
Also , threads are not The One Solution …
On the other hand , it seems FontLock and parts of EmacsShell use a kind of cooperative threading with timers …
Am I looking at this the right way ?
Sort - of .
They do stuff when the user is idle .
Look at my LaterDo for a generalized example of that .
I ’ve been looking - for / trying - to - build something like LaterDo for quite some time .
Thanks !
– PatrickAnderson
The main question ( in my mind at least ) is : how can we migrate Emacs toward a level of performance needed for fully serious replacement of other “ OperatingSystems ” - so that we can begin considering the editing of heavy content such as audio , video , game physics etc. including JIT compilation etc.
Easy .
Replace emacs with a Lisp machine .
( Emacs is closer to a WikiPedia : Lisp machine than some would think , but still miles away … ) -- forcer
For now an interface that does n’t lock up when you revert a buffer would be sufficient .
– PatrickAnderson
On the WhyDoesElispSuck page , someone wrote : Allegedly optional lexical scoping is coming after Emacs 23 is released .
( according to emacs - devel )
Once it ’s in place , adding coroutines will be feasible , which addresses the “ single - threading sucks ” argument that ’s surprisingly absent on this page .
Should also make closures possible .
StefanMonnier at http://Article.GMANE.org/gmane.emacs.devel/96339 wrote on 2008-05-02 : >>
The issue is when we start putting global variables into the mix : > ... >>
Anyway , hopefully someone has some ideas on what to do here .
I admit I >> have n't looked at how sxemacs handles this yet .
Maybe we can just deal >> with locks ?
At least in that case my IMAP mail could download while I >> am typing in another buffer :) >
If the multi- threading were cooperative ( as rms suggested ) , then such > problems would obviously be a bit easier to manage -- you can basically > just say " no context switches except at well defined points " , and define > these " points " to be ( 1 ) user interaction / recursive edits [ where the > user can do something to " screw up the state " even today ] , or ( 2 ) > explicit calls to yield .
W.r.t to concurrency , I think we need to think about how to introduce it into Emacs , indeed .
The reason why I think so is because in order to evolve Emacs needs to eat up more CPU .
You may think Emacs is not CPU bound , but it 's only the case because it only uses what is available .
Try to run Emacs - 22 on a 486 to get an idea of what I mean .
Single - thread CPU power is very unlikely to increase significantly in the future , so if we want to get access to the additional CPU power we 'll need concurrency .
Now we already have concurrency , in the form of start - process .
`flyparse ' and `flymake ' do just that .
And maybe that 's good enough .
But I expect that closer integration of additional threads will be needed / useful at some point .
Other than separate processes , we can add threads without affecting Elisp , by using separate threads for the GUI and for the redisplay .
Even the redisplay could be parallel by using separate threads per frame / window .
As for adding concurrency to Elisp , the core difficulty will be the heap of code that assumes concurrency does n't exist , as well as the interaction between buffer - local and let - bound variables .
But indeed , I think a good first step is to add coroutines .
This should not be terribly difficult to do ( especially since it 's OK for it to break code as long as it's only broken when you use `yield ' ) .
Patches welcome . >
However I think there are potentially additional problems with dynamic > scope : remember , elisp uses shallow scoping , where binding a variable > is basically " save old value , and set global " .
For normal variables , > this could be replaced by deep - binding , which is more multi- threading > friendly ( my " lexbind " branch already uses deep - binding in the > interpreter ) , but afaik , the use of shallow - binding in elisp is kind of > intertwined with the implementation of buffer - local variables and the > like , and I 'm not so sure how easy it would be to handle such things > with a new deep - binding implementation .
The way I see it , multithreading within a buffer is a problem we can ignore for the next 20 years .
So let - binding a buffer - local var can be handled via shallow - binding ( whereas let - binding of global variables needs to use deep binding ) .
So the only difficulty is to deal with variables which are not make - variable - buffer - local but only make - local - variable where we need to make sure we can always unequivocally know whether to use deep or shallow binding .
Stefan
Theoretical Approaches
threads in c. coroutines
There is a caveat in CoRoutines ‘ yield ’ is only valid at top - level in the coroutine , or inside a specially tweaked macro .
does that mean it ca n’t be used to implement concurrency ?
researching … google : coroutines , http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/coroutines.html engines
here ’s part of a discussion between PatrickAnderson and EliBarzilay about using engines :
> On Jun 11 , Patrick Anderson wrote : I would like to understand the reason Elisp can't be used to implement something like the ' engines ' described in http://www.cs.indiana.edu/~dyb/papers/engines.pdf
I vaguely remember that engines thing -- but the general principle is pretty well - known : with continuations you can implement co-routines and then continue to a non-preemptive ( cooperative ? -- the one where threads voluntarily yield ) pretty easily , and finally you slap some timer interrupt mechanism and you have normal threads .
my guess is that first class continuations are not possible in a dynamically scoped language such as elisp , but i really do n't understand such things well enough to be sure .
I do n't think that there is any issue with dynamic scoping .
The problem is that you need the system to provide you with continuations , like what you get in Scheme .
Otherwise you can sort of mimic this by passing explicit contiuations around but that is not too convenient .
The thing is that adding continuations is not that hard -- the standard implementation just uses C's setjmp and longjmp , but it is just as well easy to add threading .
implementing ' explicit ' continuations in elisp is now on my todo list .
Maybe that 's what CoRoutines already does .
i have alot of reading to do .
The problem with Emacs is that there is a lot of code that relies on being sequential etc .
The most obvious thing is the heavy usage of dynamic scoping -- in the presence of threads , you 'll need each thread to have its own value but that leads to a need for something better than just dynamic scoping -- like Scheme 's lexical scoping combined with some solid mechanism for dynamic values ( MzScheme has parameters , but almost any Scheme implementation has something similar ) .
Even sawfish ( or actually librep ) has an implementation of " fluid " values , but that does n't have threads in any case ( and some other questionable design choices ) .
Generally I think that Emacs is a great tool that can use some heavy rework -- the two heaviest things are threads and a better language ( there 's the Scheme camp and the Common Lisp camp ) .
But the bottom line so far is that this will require so much work that it is just not doable so we 're stuck for a long time until some solution that can reuse all existing code will be found .
And there is work on that direction .
So what does everyone most want to do concurrently ?
Download mail in the background , render webpages while editing , font - lock with 8 CPUs at once , ..? Important question !
– LukeGorrie
GNUS !
I really want to love Gnus , but it is beyond pathetic that all of Emacs blocks when Gnus is blocked on IO .
My internet connection is quite slow / spotty , so I often find myself pressing spacebar in Gnus and then finding all of Emacs locks up for several minutes while it tries to open the next message .
Then I find myself reaching for a different editor just so I can edit some files while I wait for Gnus !
What is that ?
This is not Emacs ’ fault .
Compare ERC , it uses subprocesses to be able to receive messages asynchronously without blocking all of Emacs .
The functionality is there .
Gnus just needs to use it .
sigh
Most of the times when I would need this is when doing work in dired that takes long time ; it could be listings on a file server at another office , it can be “ % g ” searches I want to do , etc .
Dired is a very handy tool for many variants of file operations , but sometimes I have to plan the work so that I do n’t need Emacs during the time dired works .
– MaDa
See also DownWithEmacsLisp , NoThreading .
Someday in the future our trouble with our current systems of networking and wireless and routers and protocols and software will seem as charming and obvious as… well as charmingly obvious as the hassles medieval monks may have had with the first books , if you can believe this cool video .
It ’s a glorious send - up about medieval tech support — in part a spoof on tech support of all kinds , and in part a jab at technology which depends so much on tech support .
Very funny and worth a minute of your time .
It ’s origins are explained here , where you can also find the video :
A comedy about medieval tech support , learning how to use a book .
It ’s from a show called Øystein & Meg ( Øystein & I ) produced by the Norwegian Broadcasting television channel ( NRK ) in 2001 .
The spoken language is Norwegian , the subs in Danish .
It ’s written by Knut Nærum and performed by Øystein Bache and Rune Gokstad .
Gwyneth Paltrow joins the Christian Louboutin Bruges brigade as she hits the promotional trail for her latest Estee Lauder offering â€ “ Pleasures by Gwyneth Paltrow .
Some of the profit from the sales of the limited edition Pleasures bath products will go towards Lauder ’s Breast Cancer Research Foundation , which has raised $ 140 million since ’ 93 .
I donâ€™t think the Bruges suit Paltrow at all .
I ’m still amazed that you can still buy Bruges online …
I suppose the retail price is a slight deterrent for those of us who are n’t earning millions of dollars a movie .
The Washington Post says The Abuse Can Continue , the New York Times says it ’s a A Bad Bargain .
The netroots is unanimous in opposing the bill .
Three pillars of opinion making thought from the center - left to the left all agree that the bill is a disgrace to our nation .
So , here is my challenge .
Democratic Senators : you will filibuster this bill .
You will proudly defend the honor of our nation and not back down to accusations that you are soft on terrorism .
The media : you will continue to hold your ground and you will cover the backs of those that take your words seriously and attempt to prevent , as the Washington Post says :
… if the legislation is passed in the form agreed on yesterday .
Mr. Bush will go down in history for his embrace of torture and bear responsibility for the enormous damage that has caused .
and the New York Times says :
The Democrats have largely stood silent and allowed the trio of Republicans to do the lifting .
It ’s time for them to either try to fix this bill or delay it until after the election .
The American people expect their leaders to clean up this mess without endangering U.S. troops , eviscerating American standards of justice , or further harming the nation ’s severely damaged reputation .
Democratic Senators : the netroots has your back .
The WP and NYT ’s have your back ( right now ) .
On the other side will be the nausea - stew of pundit - heads on cable news .
Do not be afraid of them .
Stick up to them .
Do it for our legacy , our honor , and our children .
And to the NYT ’s and WP : do n’t you go getting wobbly on us .
This is torture .
This is due process .
This is important .
Update [ 2006-9-22 15:30:48 by Steven D ] : Please call your Senators about this .
Here ’s the LINK To Telephone Numbers and email addresses .
Fire has damaged an adult cinema in Melbourne 's CBD .
Metropolitan Fire Brigade crews were called to the Club X complex , which houses an adult shop and cinema , in Elizabeth Street about 12.45 am today .
MFB spokesman Trevor Woodward said at least 10 patrons and staff were inside the complex when the fire broke out .
As regular readers of this blog know all too well , I like to solve world problems via a process I call “ sitting and thinking about stuff . ”
Today I will describe my solution to the energy problem .
I think everyone is looking in the wrong place for additional energy .
We ’re scratching around in the ground for stuff we can burn , redesigning cars , putting solar cells on the roof .
The real solution is in my left front pocket .
It ’s my phone .
Imagine a few years in the future , when almost every phone has GPS , high speed internet , and a few other goodies .
Hold that thought .
Now look out your window and see how many cars have exactly one passenger .
It ’s most of them .
If you can get two or three people in a car , the world is a happier place , energy - wise , pollution - wise , and traffic - wise .
The problem is that ride sharing is inconvenient .
Hold that thought too .
Now imagine a future where a large company , say Google , sets up a service that lets you find a ride to share in less than a minute , from anywhere to anywhere .
You walk out your front door , take out your phone , fire up Google Maps , point to your destination on the map , and wait for the service to negotiate a ride for you .
With GPS , the system knows where you are .
Drivers who are already on your road , and have pre-registered their final destination , get an alert on their phones saying someone on the route needs a ride .
The first person who responds to the phone alert by pressing a few keys , and who passes a filter ( described later ) gets the assignment .
At that point , both the driver and the intended rider can track each other ’s location by GPS on their phone ’s screens .
And they can call to speak with each other immediately without needing each other ’s phone numbers .
The system would connect their calls without showing caller ID , for privacy reasons , as often as they need .
That way they can negotiate the fine details , such as “ I ’m the guy in the green sweater standing by the oak tree . ”
Drivers would get credits for all rides provided , based on distance , which they can redeem by getting free rides themselves .
Or they can resell their credits to others in some sort of open Internet market .
Both the driver and the rider have a financial incentive .
And like the peer pressure of recycling , it could soon become socially unacceptable to do much driving alone .
All users of the system would have to pass some basic screening , such as credit worthiness , driving record , and criminal record .
Beyond that , every rider could specify what sorts of people they would accept rides from , and vice versa for the driver .
An ex-marine might accept a ride from anyone .
Grandma might only accept rides from married females in newer cars .
Over time , drivers earn a ranking from their passengers , so you can choose to accept only four - star drivers if you prefer .
Before you get in a car , you can match the driver ’s photo on your phone to his face , and the license plate too , to make sure everything is legit .
Your phone could include an emergency panic button , in case a serial killer gets through the filter .
Your phone ’s location would be immediately available to both law enforcement and other registered drivers on your road .
Perhaps your phone would require a password indicating you are safely at your destination in the estimated time .
Any other password would trigger a silent alarm while appearing to the kidnapper to be the “ all okay ” password .
Imagine walking out of Home Depot with a cart full of building materials , firing up your phone , and finding someone with a truck who is heading toward your neighborhood .
It beats trying to fit lumber in your Prius .
And if you plan to have a few drinks , there ’s no longer any incentive to drive .
Part of the reason that people drive while drunk is that getting a cab takes forever in some places and costs more than you want it to .
In this vision of the future , most people still have cars .
They just use them less .
And you probably would n’t allow minors to be in the system , except perhaps as part of a parent - approved circle of known friends and neighbors .
You can find plenty of problems with this system if you try .
But you can also imagine that the types of problems you foresee could be solved with a bit more cleverness than I described here .
Okay , to recap :
My idea will solve the energy crisis , reduce global warming , put a cap on terrorism , reduce pollution , eliminate traffic congestion , and virtually eliminate drunk driving .
But I ’m sure you did something useful today too .
Good for you .
[ Update : Would the people who are saying " it wo n't work " please talk to the people saying " it 's already being done . "
Work it out and get back to me .
I want to know if I am a crackpot or an idea stealer . ]
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
Early in World War 2 , before the invention of radar , the British isles had an interesting system devised to detect incoming enemy aircraft .
They constructed a number of huge , concrete , acoustic mirrors which focused and amplified sounds coming from a given direction .
Some were bowl - shaped and over 30 feet in height , and others were shaped like an amphitheater wall , over 200 feet long .
Inside the structure , a trained listener would use a stethoscope to detect the distance and direction of incoming aircraft as far as 20 miles away .
Although they were soon made obsolete by the invention of radar , they were used with success in their time .
A few of these remain in Britain today , and are now being preserved for their historical significance .
Scientists May Not Be Very Religious , but Science May Not Be to Blame
Religious upbringing , age , and family size influence religiosity among scientists
BUFFALO , N.Y. -- Did God make scientists ?
Most of them do n't think so .
The first systematic analysis in decades to examine the religious beliefs and practices of elite academics in the sciences supports the notion that science professors at top universities are less religious than the general population , but attributes this to a number of variables that have little to do with their study of science .
The 2005 - 07 study , " Religion Among Academic Scientists " ( RAAS ) was conducted by Elaine Howard Ecklund , assistant professor of sociology in the College of Arts and Sciences at the University at Buffalo and principal investigator .
The study is based on a survey of 1,646 academic scientists at 21 elite research universities and in - depth interviews with 271 of them .
The survey sample consisted of academics in seven different natural and social science disciplines : physics , chemistry , biology , sociology , economics , political science , psychology and sub-fields like molecular biology , biochemistry , social psychology and neuroscience .
The rate of response to the survey was nearly 75 percent , which Ecklund says is extremely high for a faculty survey .
The first article based the study , co-authored by Christopher Scheitle of Penn State , appears in the current issue of the journal Social Problems ( Vol. 54 , No. 2 ) .
" Our study data do not strongly support the idea that scientists simply drop their religious identities upon professional training , due to an inherent conflict between science and faith , or to institutional pressure to conform , " Ecklund says .
" It is important to understand this , " she adds , " because we face religio - scientific controversies over stem - cell research and evolution , for instance , and increased debate about the role of religion in both national politics and in the public policies that influence science .
" In order to have the meaningful dialogue between scientists and the general population important to the advancement of science , " Ecklund says , " we need comprehensive information about the religious beliefs and practices of scientists themselves .
Although academic scientists at elite universities teach and train future leaders of American universities , media , primary and secondary education , medicine and government , there actually has been little systematic study of their religious beliefs and identities . "
For comparison with the general population , in the Social Problems article Ecklund and Scheitle employed data from the 1998 and 2004 rounds of the General Social Survey ( GSS ) , a national survey by the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago , which regularly collects data on demographic characteristics and attitudes of U.S. residents .
The RAAS survey asked questions on religious identity , belief and practice , which were replicated from the GSS , and other questions on spiritual practices , ethics and the intersection of religion and science in the respondent 's discipline , some of which were replicated from other national surveys .
In addition there was a series of inquiries about academic rank , publications and demographic information .
The authors then examined how natural and social scientists differ from the general public and how they differ from one another in terms of religiosity .
They also considered some of the sources of these differences .
They concluded that academics in the natural and social sciences at elite research universities are significantly less religious than the general population .
Almost 52 percent of scientists surveyed identified themselves as having no current religious affiliation compared with only 14 percent of the general population .
And while nearly 14 percent of the U.S. population who responded to the GSS describe themselves as " evangelical " or " fundamentalist , " less than 2 percent of the RAAS population identifies with either label .
The only traditional religious identity category where the RAAS population has a much higher proportion of religious adherents than the general population is among those who identify as Jewish -- 15 percent compared to 2 percent of the general population .
Among scientists , as in the general population , being raised in a home in which religion and religious practice were valued is the most important predictor of present religiosity among the subjects .
Ecklund and Scheitle concluded that the assumption that becoming a scientist necessarily leads to loss of religion is untenable .
Ecklund says , " It appears that those from non-religious backgrounds disproportionately self - select into scientific professions .
This may reflect the fact that there is tension between the religious tenets of some groups and the theories and methods of particular sciences and it contributes to the large number of non-religious scientists . "
Foreign - born scientists are more likely to say " there is little truth in religion " and less likely to attend religious services , according to the authors .
But being foreign - born had no significant impact on the odds of believing in God .
This is interesting , they say , in light of the high percentage ( 25 percent ) of foreign - born scientists among those surveyed .
The oft - discussed distinction between natural and social scientists with regard to religious belief is inconsistent and weak , Ecklund says .
" This is interesting , " she adds , " because most of the scholarly literature on faculty attitudes toward religiosity addresses the field - specific differences between natural and social scientists and many scholars hold that social scientists are significantly less religious than natural scientists . "
Results from the study also show that the more children in a scientist 's household , the more likely he or she is to adhere to a religion .
In the general population women are more likely than men to be religious , but in the RAAS population , however , gender was not a significant predictor of religiosity .
Although data from the GSS reveal that older individuals express higher levels of religious belief and practice compared to younger individuals , this does not seem to be the case among academic scientists .
RAAS data reveal that younger scientists are more likely to believe in God than older scientists , and more likely to report attending religious services over the past year .
" If this holds throughout the career life - course for this cohort of academic scientists , " Ecklund says , " it could indicate an overall shift in attitudes toward religion among those in the academy . "
The University at Buffalo is a premier research - intensive public university , the largest and most comprehensive campus in the State University of New York .
UB 's more than 27,000 students pursue their academic interests through more than 300 undergraduate , graduate and professional degree programs .
Founded in 1846 , the University at Buffalo is a member of the Association of American Universities .
Have you ever dreamed of being carried into the sky by a giant bouquet of colorful toy balloons ?
That 's the idea behind cluster ballooning .
The pilot wears a harness , to which a cluster of large , helium - filled balloons are attached .
Control is achieved by releasing ballast to ascend , or by bursting balloons to descend .
When Mr. Bush repeated the claim months later  in a 16 - word sentence of his 2003 State of the Union address weeks before the Iraq invasion 
Mr. Wilson wrote that he was compelled to question publicly whether Mr. Cheney had ignored his findings because they were inconvenient to the case against Iraq .
Even prosecution witnesses have testified that while Mr. Cheney had asked for more information about the accusation that Mr. Hussein sought uranium in Africa more than a year before the invasion , he did not know that Mr. Wilson was sent to investigate .
And , witnesses said at trial , he did not learn about the trip until Mr. Wilson began to make his case publicly .
This might explain why Mr. Cheney was so intent on debunking Mr. Wilson .
News of Mr. Wilson ’s mission , its findings and Mr. Cheney ’s supposed role in his assignment first surfaced two months before he stepped forward with his article , in reports that described him only as an anonymous former ambassador .
Mr. Wilson decided to reveal himself after concluding that his anonymous account was not being taken seriously enough , according to testimony .
But those earlier reports prompted a quiet scramble by Mr. Libby to figure out who this anonymous ambassador was , who had sent him on his mission and what had happened with his findings .
By the time Mr. Wilson came forward , Mr. Libby and Mr. Cheney knew that Mr. Wilson had been dispatched to Africa by the C.I.A. unit where his wife , Valerie , worked .
The eventual exposure of her identity as a covert operative set forth the investigation that led to Mr. Libby ’s trial this year .
Mr. Libby faces charges that he lied to authorities who were looking into whether , in defending against Mr. Wilson ’s accusations , the administration intentionally exposed the identity of Mrs. Wilson to undercut her husband and clear Mr. Cheney .
A jury will decide if Mr. Libby misled investigators or , as his defense asserts , lost track of what he said or learned amid a hectic schedule .
White House officials denied several requests for comment about the testimony and the story it generally tells , citing a reluctance to comment on anything involving the trial .
Declassifying and Leaking
Mr. Wilson ’s July 6 article was , in Mr. Libby ’s view , “ a very serious attack . ”
In his grand jury testimony , which was shared in the current trial , he said the charges amounted to a potentially severe blow to the administration credibility .
About 23,000 African elephants were killed by poachers last year , and the death count is on the rise .
Alarmed by the loss , University of Washington conservation biologist Samuel Wasser decided to fight back .
He and his colleagues have painstakingly created a DNA - based map of the distribution of African elephants .
Then , borrowing a few tricks from forensic dentistry , he devised a method for extracting DNA from seized ivory , which can be compared with his map to pinpoint exactly where elephants are being killed .
Without that information , nobody can be held responsible for protecting the animals .
“ In the past , ” Wasser says , “ authorities could track shipments , but they never knew where the ivory came from , ” making it impossible to hold wildlife officers accountable .
Until confronted with hard evidence , “ countries tend to deny they have a poaching problem , ” he says .
For example , analysis showed that the largest ivory seizure in history — a 6.5 - ton cache representing ivory from up to 6,500 elephants , recovered in Singapore in 2002 — came primarily from Zambia .
“ Until we had the data , ” he explains , “ they were saying , ‘ The shipment may have come from here , but it was n’t our elephants . ’
When we were finally able to show that it was their elephants , all of a sudden things started to turn around . ”
After the DNA results came out , the Zambian government fired its director of wildlife and imposed harsher sentences for ivory traffickers .
Still , even huge seizures are just the tip of the iceberg , Wasser says .
After the initial success of the ivory ban almost 20 years ago , Western nations considered the problem solved and withdrew funding a few years later , leaving poorer countries to fight poachers on their own .
In response , the ivory trade has taken off .
China and Japan are the largest markets , and the price has shot up from $ 45 a pound in the late 1990s to $ 90 in 2004 and up to $ 385 in March 2007 , fueling a concurrent increase in poaching .
Wasser ’s method of using DNA to pinpoint poachers finally gives law enforcement a smoking gun to target elephant killers .
“ The only hope we have , given the urgency of the situation , is to stop ivory poaching at its source , ” he says .
“ In the end , seizing ivory does n’t really help .
What helps is saving the elephants . ”
Reuters
YOU know the race for the presidency is truly under way when Rudolph Giuliani , a former mayor of New York and an urbanite to the bone , spends half a day hanging out at a California farm show .
During the next 12 months — longer , if he wins the Republican nomination — Mr Giuliani will become accustomed to the sight of tractors and feed wagons .
If California 's politicians get their wish , he will also spend a lot more time in their state .
California punches well below its weight in presidential election campaigns .
Candidates tend to fly in for fund - raising dinners and then fly back to Iowa and New Hampshire , where the real campaigning takes place .
Those states are usually the first to select Democratic and Republican nominees ; California is near the end of the race .
Nor does the state see much action during the final run-off in November .
California is so reliably Democratic that its votes are taken for granted .
Because it is three hours behind the east coast , national TV stations have even announced likely winners before its polls have closed .
That rankles in a state that likes to think of itself as a beacon to the rest of America .
Why , Californians ask , should Iowa ( which is 95 % white ) and New Hampshire ( 96 % white ) hold so much sway over an increasingly diverse country ?
So , this week the state Senate approved a bill moving California 's primary to February 5th .
It should pass in the Assembly next week and the governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , has said he will sign it .
Although three other states are certain to vote earlier ( four , on the Democratic side ) Californians outnumber them more than three to one .
The hope is that , once the bill is signed into law , the state will be transformed from a mere cash machine to a political gorilla .
For several reasons , that is unlikely ; but the state 's move will nonetheless transform the presidential race .
California is not the only state that wants to hold an election in early February .
As many as 17 may now pile in on the same day , including big ones such as Florida , Illinois , Michigan and New Jersey .
Assuming that none of those states pushes its primary even further forward , into January — something that has been mooted in Florida — February 5th will become in effect a national referendum .
The national Democratic and Republican parties are not pleased .
They have tried to bribe states by promising them more delegates ( and thus a bigger say in the nomination process ) if they hold their elections later , and have threatened to deprive them of delegates if they insist on moving .
Such threats ring hollow .
It is not the number of delegates that matters so much as the media attention generated by early races .
And the national parties will not want to annoy voters by telling them that their ballots do not count for much .
The most obvious effect of holding so many elections on one day is to raise the cost of competing .
California alone , where races must be fought mostly with TV ads , is dauntingly expensive .
Wayne Johnson , a Republican consultant , says candidates running for statewide offices last year reckoned on spending about $ 3 m a week on media advertising alone .
The “ entrance fee ” for a Republican who wants to run a campaign in the state next year is thought to be at least $ 10 m .
Democrats , who need to woo voters in the exceptionally pricey Los Angeles and San Francisco media markets , will have to spend even more .
The cost , combined with the sheer number of races to be decided on the same day , is likely to winnow the field .
Nine Democrats and ten Republicans have announced that they will run in 2008 , or have set up exploratory committees .
Few will be able even to contest the election on February 5th .
Commentators were disappointed when , in 2000 , both parties in effect settled on their candidates during the second week of March .
Next year 's race may be over more than a month earlier .
Some candidates can take comfort at the thought of the Californian gorilla .
Mr Giuliani's laissez - faire record on abortion and his relaxed attitude to homosexuality are likely to offend many Iowans and South Carolinians .
But he can count on California 's Republican voters being less fussed about such imperfections , so long as he preaches the gospel of low taxes .
And if he is still running strongly by that point , Mr Giuliani may also be able to call on the support of Mr Schwarzenegger , a fellow centrist and man of action ( see article ) .
An early California primary may also suit both the current Democratic front - runners .
Hillary Clinton benefits from the assiduous networking of her husband , who visited the state , on average , once every seven weeks during his first term as president .
Barack Obama is sparking fascination in Hollywood , which knows how to spot a star with a convincing back - story .
Moguls from the film and music industries will host a fund - raising dinner for him next week .
None of the candidates , though , is likely to make the mistake of thinking they can wholly fall back on California 's voters .
New Hampshire , Iowa , Nevada and South Carolina will still generate most of the political headlines for several weeks at a crucial early stage of the campaign .
Survival in those states still matters , not just the ability to pay for TV advertisements in Los Angeles .
In 2004 Howard Dean entered the primaries with a bigger war - chest than any other Democratic candidate .
A poor showing in Iowa , combined with an infamous scream , sank his campaign almost immediately .
“ The states that go first will get the same kind of pandering that they always do , ” predicts Larry Sabato , who follows primary elections at the University of Virginia .
And California 's decision to bring its primary forward might even increase their influence .
The probable crush of elections on February 5th means candidates will be stretched thin and will find it almost impossible to spend much time in any state .
So , paradoxically , it may now become even more important to establish a reputation as a winner beforehand .
Iowa and New Hampshire are not doomed to obscurity quite yet .
Today 's Guardian reveals how an undercover reporter was offered £ 1,500 by inmates .
Here is his diary .
Did an early shift on Beaumont wing - this is where the " vulnerable prisoners " are kept .
On with two Prison Custody Officers who seem quite lazy .
Lots of paperwork .
Staff hardly get up to leave the office .
Tuesday , December 12
Long day with no results .
Worked with ex-Gurkah , excellent PCO .
Wednesday , December 13
Nothing to report .
Saturday , December 16
There was a random staff search this morning .
I did n't take the recording equipment in .
No info gained today .
Sunday , December 17
Gained a lot of footage today , mainly from PCOs talking about how info was n't getting passed on to the Home Office controller for fear of being punished by the government .
Incidents include 13 knives being found , gates left open and prisoners that might have a key for the office .
Monday , December 18
Too busy today .
On the cell search , noticed that some cells were horrifically dirty with no punishment .
Tuesday , December 19
Nothing to report .
Thursday , December 21
Was on an " a shift " today .
This involves working from 07.30 to 20.45 with only a 15 - minute break .
Did a lot of filming .
In the morning I was on with a new PCO .
He said that they did n't do some cells to prevent hassle .
I watched the prisoners on exercise .
It seems they pass drugs through the gaps they create in the " secure " cell windows .
Two prisoners were " shipped out " for security reasons .
I do n't see obvious bullying but the quieter prisoners seem to get their stuff pinched a lot .
Friday , December 22
On a late shift .
Had to drive to hospital to take a prisoner for an operation .
Got back to prison about 18.30 .
At approx 18.40 there was a throw over onto the exercise yard .
The PCOs locked the prisoners in and I was part of the strip search team .
Nothing was found .
A prisoner on Carling wing offered me £ 5,000 to bring in drugs for him .
Saturday , December 23 - Tuesday , December 26
Was on Christmas leave , a welcome break .
Wednesday , December 27
Was supposed to be on general duties " long shift " ( 07.30 to 21.00 ) today but was passed between wings instead .
Got searched twice today .
Thursday , December 28
Because of heightened security , I did n't take the camera in .
Did n't miss much .
Friday , December 29
Was supposed to be on general duties but was put into visits to operate the CCTV .
Told how " they under - quoted the staffing levels " so there is no general duties pool .
At approx 13.15 there was a fight on Farley .
Two prisoners involved , something to do with gangs .
In the evening there was a triple stabbing on Farley , all available staff were called .
Had something to do with the fight at lunchtime .
I was used to take one of the prisoners to A&E .
He did n't say anything about the stabbings .
Saturday , December 30
Had to come in this morning on a prisoner escort to take him to his mother 's nursing home .
The prisoner could n't say enough about how good the staff are .
Sunday , December 31
Off work .
Went to New Year party .
Hoping all the PCOs he invited would be there .
Only four people showed up .
Seems the PCOs are arrogantly cliquey .
Monday , January 1
On a late shift .
Spent all day outside preventing throw - overs .
Filmed the farmer 's fence they use to keep people off the grounds .
Tuesday , January 2
Did a lot of filming today .
Was n't supposed to be but because of the lack of management I managed to allocate myself onto Carling wing .
A prisoner approached me saying he wanted to be moved off the wing because he was scared .
It was dealt with really slowly .
Talked with the drug dealer .
Thursday , January 4
Talked more to the drug dealer on Carling .
He said before Christmas a PCO brought a large pack of cannabis in .
Tuesday , January 9
In Seg today .
Seg is run really well and staff are professional .
Wednesday , January 10
Nothing suspicious in the mandatory drug testing team .
They are having high positive results on target testing which means the drug takers are being found - they 're doing a good job .
Friday , January 12
Admissions today .
Nothing to report apart from boredom .
Tuesday , January 16 to Wednesday January 24
Outside of prison doing class work .
Thursday , January 25
Went into prison to do some practical work .
The class went into Davies unit to search the landing of the wing , I think because there was a fight between some prisoners .
This incident escalated and involved six prisoners who I heard got moved off the unit .
On the search some tools and hooch were found .
Learned how Rye Hill works on a penalty point system for the Home Office .
A point escalates to about £ 123 .
Example of the scale is " self - harm " is one point , a find of " contraband " is five points , sentence plans being missed is three points .
Rye
Hill is allowed 80 points each quarter .
Plans for a £ 5 m extension are being talked about - this would mean six new wings and 150 more staff .
Monday , January 29
Nothing to report , well , apart from finding out that my allocated unit is Davies ( the worst , most violent unit in the prison . )
Wednesday , January 31
Because there is nothing to do we were sent into the prison all day .
Davies has a bad atmosphere because the prisoners tell the staff what to do .
During the cell checks me and a PCO found three buckets of hooch .
Thursday , February 1
On Davies on an early shift .
There is a lot of tension on the wing .
I filmed a prisoner throwing hooch on the floor .
Friday , February 2
Graduation day .
Was a bit of a let down .
Ended at lunchtime where we went to the Duncow , the PCO local pub .
Talked about how Rye Hill should increase security .
Monday , February 5
Was working on Davies today .
The most major thing that happened is that a prisoner started fighting when we found hooch in his cell .
Tuesday , February 6
Was really tired from Davies yesterday .
Being a PCO is hard work .
Being a PCO on an uncontrollable wing is even worse .
Thursday , February 8
Staff search - did n't bring in rig .
I heard news that a prisoner tried to escape on Davies .
He cut the hover wire and was caught trying to climb the fence .
I think he was trying to fetch the drugs that landed on the roof .
Working on Davies again .
Really hard work dealing with the prisoners .
Friday , February 9
In visits most of the night , quite boring .
Then I was called down to Seg to help with the watches there .
There was one sash watch and two dirty protests , there was also a unique watch for one prisoner who was acting strange .
I think one was on dirty protest because he did n't want to go back to the wing .
Monday , February 12
Was on a late doing the food servery .
Not much happened just hard getting them to eat their own food and not everyone else's .
Tuesday , February 13
On a late shift again but this time was general duties .
Start of shift was working with the visits team searching visitors .
Noticed the metal detector gate was n't even switched on .
Also , a lot of visitors failed the drug - testing machine - they then get put on a closed visit .
Thursday , February 15
On an early shift with another lazy officer .
It 's amazing how often you get left alone on the wing with 75 prisoners .
Two just is n't enough .
Friday , February 16
Spent all day on an escort .
I took a prisoner to A&E because his piles were starting to swell and bleed .
He is the cellmate of one of the main people in the Xmas Farley incident .
He mentioned how Rye Hill is dangerous , the gang culture and the abundance of weapons .
He is out soon but I think he is trapped and will end up back in jail .
It seems in the fight his pad mate did most of the damage with a smashed plate , including two major wounds to a prisoner 's neck .
It seems it was the Yardies against the Pikies .
He described it as the whole wing " going off " and the officers " running away " .
His piles were n't fixed .
Saturday , February 17
Was called to Davies because of a prisoner fighting because they had found a mobile in his cell .
When I got there he was semi-calm but still taken to an empty room .
A female PCO looked a little upset .
Turns out she was threatened with a pool cue by a prisoner saying he was going to smash her face in .
She said she was scared for her life , one because Davies is out of control and two because she has no backing from the staff .
She said she had gone home crying a couple of times , so now I was concerned about her mental wellbeing and safety .
I told the people who organised the staff placement about her situation and pleaded with them to move her in the afternoon just to let the prisoners calm down .
They said they would .
Sunday , February 18
Turns out they did n't bother moving her .
It 's like they do n't realise how dangerous Davies is or that they only care if there 's an incident .
When I was sitting down talking to some prisoners they mentioned female officers then the subject changes .
It soon was evident that they wanted me to bring in drugs .
My second week on Davies and they are already approaching me .
I wonder how many corrupt officers there are .
Monday , February 19
Not much happening on Davies today because most seem asleep from being drunk at the weekend .
Still too much to do , even without the prisoners .
Wednesday , February 21
On Tuesday it looks like they have moved some more prisoners including my new groomer off the wing .
Feels like they are only one step behind me , if only they put as much effort into looking after the staff .
It was n't long before his friend approached me saying " we can still do this " .
Thursday , February 22
The morning I spent on Davies .
The day dragged and seemed to prolong the more requests the prisoners threw at me .
I filmed the joke of a hut they call drug rehab centre .
Floated around in the afternoon filming stuff until I was placed on Farley wing at 18:00 .
Tired from working nearly 11 hours , Farley was chaotic .
There were six new prisoners put on as it is an induction wing .
Friday , February 23
On late Davies , felt like I have n't slept .
Bad day .
Monday , February 26
On Carling with a good officer .
I wonder what drives the non-corrupt good officers .
When I asked one she said she liked to make a difference and is interested in criminal psychology and the legal system .
Good point but I 'm not interested in having 70 criminal kids .
Filmed a craft knife and me talking to the head of security .
Tuesday , February 27
Last day , spent morning on Davies .
Nothing happened .
In the afternoon spent time in Seg , also filmed a PCO talking about a missing report on razor saw blades being found .
In addition to my other notes there was also another thing of note today .
During lunchtime I normally take the same prisoner down to pick up the trolley as a lot of the PCO 's job is to watch the prisoners work .
Serving lunch sounds easy but imagine serving 50 kids ( not 75 as some prisoners are quite dignified ) who have a violent trend and wanted chips instead of pasta .
Anyway , lunchtime seems to be one of the busiest times for a PCO .
I normally ask this prisoner who collects the trolley to save me some food .
At the end when it seemed all the food was gone he said " Gov , I saved you some food in here " .
It looked like at the start he put some aside for me under the hot plate .
I trusted him enough that it would n't be tampered with .
It seems in these modern - age prisons the line is starting to blur between " screw " and " con " .
· Life Behind Bars , a prison investigation by GuardianFilms for Panorama , is on BBC1 tonight at 8.30 pm
[ erlang - questions ]
How to upgrade running applications repeatedly
> http://www.erlang.org/faq/x1138.html#AEN1201
That 's FAQ 10 .8.4 .
The item before , FAQ 10.8.3 , about limits , has two dead links .
About The Author Tom is a writer , web developer , SEO consultant , and skydiver based in London .
He has a passion for all things front - end , and can be found at bennet.org .
He … More about Tom Bennet …
Technical SEO – Fundamental Principles
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Ask ten people what SEO is , and you ’re likely to get ten different answers .
Given the industry ’s unsavoury past , this is hardly surprising .
Keyword stuffing , gateway pages , and comment spam earned the first search engine optimisers a deservedly poor reputation within the web community .
Snake oil salesmen continue to peddle these harmful techniques to unsuspecting website owners today , perpetuating the myth that optimising your website for Google or Bing is an inherently nefarious practise .
Needless to say , this is not true .
Ask ten people what SEO is , and you ’re likely to get ten different answers .
Given the industry ’s unsavoury past , this is hardly surprising .
Keyword stuffing , gateway pages , and comment spam earned the first search engine optimizers a deservedly poor reputation within the web community .
Snake oil salesmen continue to peddle these harmful techniques to unsuspecting website owners today , perpetuating the myth that optimizing your website for Google or Bing is an inherently nefarious practice .
Needless to say , this is not true .
Broadly speaking , today ’s SEO industry is split into two related fields : content marketing and technical optimisation .
The ability to create content that resonates with audiences and communicates a brand identity is vital to the success of any website , and articles exploring every intricacy of this art can be found on the web with relative ease .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
When it comes to the latter field , however - technical optimization - the waters are often muddied by misinformation .
This extraordinarily rich discipline is the key to realizing the organic search potential of your content , and despite being listed as a skill on many developers ’ resumés , it is also one of the most frequently misunderstood areas of modern web development .
Today we ’ll be exploring three of the fundamental principles of technical SEO .
By the end , you ’ll be armed with a wealth of techniques for organic search optimization that are applicable to almost all established websites .
Let ’s get started .
Crawl Accessibility
Search engines use automated bots commonly known as spiders to find and crawl content on the web .
Google ’s spider ( ‘ Googlebot ’ ) discovers URLs by following links and by reading sitemaps provided by webmasters .
It interprets the content , adds these pages to Google ’s index , and ranks them for search queries to which it deems them relevant .
If Googlebot cannot efficiently crawl your website , it will not perform well in organic search .
Regardless of your website ’s size , history , and popularity , severe issues with crawl accessibility will cripple your performance and impact your ability to rank organically .
Google assign a resource ‘ budget ’ to each domain based on its authority ( more on this later ) , which is reflected in the regularity and depth of Googlebot ’s crawl .
Therefore , our primary goal is to maximize the efficiency of Googlebot ’s visits .
Architecture & Sitemaps
This process begins with the basic architecture of your site .
Disregard hackneyed advice telling you to make all information accessible within three clicks , and instead focus on building a website in accordance with Information Architecture ( IA ) best practices .
Peter Morville ’s Information Architecture for the World Wide Web is required reading ( the fourth edition is available since September 2015 ) , and you can find a good introduction to the basic principles of IA as they relate to SEO over at Moz.com .
Site structure should be crafted following extensive keyword research into search behavior and user intent .
This is an art in itself , and we ’ll not be covering it here ; as a general rule , however , you ’ll want a logical , roughly symmetrical , pyramid - shaped hierarchy with your high - value category pages near the top and your more - specific pages closer to the bottom .
Click - depth should be a consideration , but not your foremost concern .
A diagram of the ideal site architecture , with the top dot representing the homepage .
( View large version )
This architecture should be reflected with a static and human - readable URL structure , free of dynamic parameters where possible , and which uses hyphens rather than underscores as word separators ( see Google ’s guidelines on URL structure ) .
Maintain a consistent internal linking pattern , and avoid creating outlying , orphaned pages .
Remember that search crawlers cannot use search forms , and so all content should be accessible via direct links .
Search engines can be told about the structure and content of a website by using XML Sitemaps .
These are particularly useful for large websites and those with a significant quantity of rich media , as they can be used to indicate content types , change frequency , and page priority to search crawlers .
They are not , however , a good fix for fundamental architectural issues such as orphaned content .
Take a look through Google ’s documentation to learn more about how sitemaps are interpreted .
Your sitemap - which can be broken up into multiple smaller sitemaps and a sitemap index file , if necessary - can be submitted to Google by using Search Console ( formerly Webmaster Tools ) .
In the spirit of search engine agnosticism , it ’s also advisable to declare your sitemap ’s location in a manner accessible to other crawlers .
This can be done using robots .
txt , a plaintext file that sits in the top - level directory of your web server , with the following declaration :
Sitemap : http://yourdomain.com/sitemap-index-file.xml
XML Sitemaps can be generated automatically using a variety of free tools , such as the Yoast SEO Plugin for websites running on WordPress ( the relevant documentation is available here ) .
If your sitemaps are being generated manually , be sure to keep them up - to - date .
Avoid sending search crawlers to URLs that are blocked in your robots .
txt file ( see the next section ) , return 404 errors , are non-canonical , or result in redirects , since all of these will waste your site ’s crawl budget .
We ’ll explore these principles in greater depth and look at ways of diagnosing and fixing related issues in Section 2 of this article .
Blocked Content
At times , you may wish to prevent search engines from discovering certain content on your website .
Common examples include customer account areas , heavily personalised pages with little value to organic search , and staging sites under active development .
Our goals here are twofold : to prevent these URLs from showing up in organic search results , and to ensure they are not absorbing our site ’s crawl budget unnecessarily .
Robots meta tags are a part of the Robots Exclusion Protocol ( REP ) , and can be used to instruct search engines not to list a URL in their results pages .
Placed within the page head , the syntax is very simple :
< meta name = " robots " content = " noindex , nofollow " >
The tag accepts dozens of values , and noindex and nofollow are two of the best supported .
Together they prevent spiders from indexing the page or following any of its links .
These directives can also be applied via an HTTP header called X - Robots - Tag ; this is often a more practical means of deployment , especially on larger sites .
On Apache with mod_headers enabled , the following would prevent PDF documents from being indexed or having their links followed by spiders :
< FilesMatch " .pdf $ " >
Header set X - Robots - Tag " noindex , nofollow " </ FilesMatch >
Finally there ’s robots .
txt .
Contrary to popular opinion , this file does not provide a means of preventing URLs from appearing in search results , nor does it provide any kind of security or privacy protection .
It is publicly - viewable and discourages specific spiders from crawling certain pages or site sections .
Each subdomain on a root domain will use a separate robots .
txt file .
As you can see , pages blocked by robots .
txt will still appear in search results .
( View large version )
A basic robots .
txt file specifies a User Agent followed by one or more Disallow rules ; these are relative URL paths from which you wish to block crawlers .
Overrides can be configured by supplementing these with Allow rules .
Pattern matching can be used to construct more complex rules , thanks to Google and Bing ’s support for two regular expressions : end of string ( $ ) and a wildcard ( * ) .
A simple example is given below :
User-agent : * Disallow : / blocked - directory / Allow : / blocked - directory/allowed-file.pdf $
Google offers detailed guidelines on writing rules for robots .
txt , and provides an interactive testing environment as part of Search Console .
Note that adding an on - page noindex directive to a page blocked in robots .
txt will not cause it to stop appearing in search results .
Crawlers that respect the disallow directives will not be able to see the tag , since they are prevented from accessing the page .
You ’ll need to unblock the page , then serve the noindex directive via an HTTP header or meta tag .
Another common mistake is to block crawlers from accessing CSS and JavaScript files that are required for page render .
Google has been placing a renewed emphasis on this issue of late , and recently sent out a fresh round of warnings via Search Console .
Historically , Googlebot has been likened to a text - only browser such as Lynx , but today it is capable of rendering pages in a manner similar to modern web browsers .
This includes executing scripts .
As such , preventing crawlers from accessing these resources can impair organic performance .
You can check for blocked resources and view an approximation of what Googlebot ‘ sees ’ by utilizing the Blocked Resources and Fetch & Render tools in Search Console .
The Fetch and Render tool in Google Search Console .
( View large version )
Remember that you can quickly view a snapshot of how a page ‘ looks ’ to Googlebot by entering cache:example.com / page into Chrome ’s address bar and selecting Text - only version .
Unparsable Content
Despite advances in Googlebot ’s rendering capabilities , it remains true that websites making heavy use of AJAX and client - side JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS are at a fundamental disadvantage when it comes to SEO .
The problem arises as a result of their reliance on hash fragment ( # ) URLs .
Fragment identifiers are not sent as part of an HTTP request , and are often used to jump from one part of a page to another .
Client - side JavaScript frameworks watch for changes in this hash fragment , dynamically manipulating the page without the need to make additional round trips to the server .
In other words the client does the heavy lifting .
Heavy lifting is not Googlebot ’s strong suit .
Workarounds do exist , but they require additional development time and should ideally be baked into your workflow from the start .
The solution proposed by Google back in 2010 involves replacing the hash ( # ) with a so - called hashbang ( #! ) .
Upon detecting that your site adheres to this scheme , Googlebot will modify each URL as follows :
Original : yourdomain.com/#!content Modified : yourdomain.com/?_escaped_fragment_=content
Everything after the hashbang is passed to the server in a special URL parameter called _escapedfragment .
Your server must be configured to respond to these kinds of requests with a static HTML snapshot of the dynamic content .
The flaws of this approach are numerous .
Hashbangs are an unofficial standard which do nothing to advance accessibility , and are arguably destructive to the nature of the web .
In short , it ’s an SEO kludge which fails to fix the root cause of the problem .
HTML5 offers us a better solution in the form of the History API , a full introduction to which is available in Dive Into HTML5 .
The pushState method allows us to manipulate browser history by changing the URL that appears in the address bar without making additional requests to the server .
As a result , we reap the benefits of rich , JavaScript - powered interactivity and a traditional , clean URL structure .
Original : yourdomain.com /#content Modified : yourdomain.com / content
This solution is not a magic bullet .
Our server must be configured to respond to requests for these clean URLs with HTML rendered server - side , something that ’s increasingly being achieved with isomorphic JavaScript .
With good implementation , it ’s possible to build a rich , JavaScript - powered web application which is accessible to search crawlers and adheres to the principles of progressive enhancement .
Browser support for pushState is good , with all modern browsers plus IE10 supporting the History API .
Finally , be wary of content that is inaccessible to robots .
Flash files , Java applets , and other plugin - reliant content are all generally ignored or devalued by search engines , and should be avoided if you ’re aiming for the content to be indexed .
Page Speed & Mobile
Search engine algorithms are becoming increasingly sensitive to usability , with page speed and mobile - friendliness being two of the most prominent examples .
Thankfully , readers of Smashing Magazine should already be aware of the importance of these issues .
Since it would be impossible to do these enormous subjects justice in the context of this article , we will limit ourselves to the basic principles of each .
Search engines support a variety of mobile configurations , including separate URLs for mobile users ( via an m. subdomain , for example ) and dynamic serving using the Vary HTTP header .
Today , however , Google ’s preferred approach to mobile is responsive web design .
If you ’re unfamiliar with modern front - end development , or have simply been living under a very large rock for the past five years , you could do worse than checking out Smashing Book 5 for a primer on modern RWD workflows .
Page speed , too , should be one of your foremost concerns .
This is not simply because a longer load time results in a higher bounce rate ; Google has indicated that page speed itself factors into the ranking algorithm .
There are dozens of tools available to help you identify issues that could be slowing down your website .
One good option is GTmetrix ; it has both free and paid options , conducts analysis based on both Google PageSpeed and Yahoo YSlow rulesets , and provides many helpful visualizations and simulations .
Good first steps include :
Implementation of gzip compression on your server
Minification of assets like stylesheets and scripts
Leveraging browser caching with the Expires header
header Minimising the number of HTTP requests ( although this recommendation in particular will make less sense as HTTP / 2 adoption grows )
Perhaps the best introduction to performance and page speed currently available is Lara Hogan ’s Designing For Performance .
It ’s a very practical guide to approaching projects with speed in mind , and it includes a great lesson on how browsers request and render content .
It ’s available for free online , but the sales proceeds go to charities focused on getting women and girls into coding , so you should definitely buy it .
Finally , be aware that search algorithms ’ sensitivity to usability issues will only increase going forward .
Even security is now a ranking factor ; Google announced in late 2014 that sites using HTTPS encryption would now see a slight advantage over sites that do n’t .
Crawl Efficiency & Indexation
With the site sections we want to appear in organic search now accessible to crawlers , it is time to assess how your content is being interpreted and indexed .
We ’ll begin by exploring one of the key principles of SEO - friendly site design : duplicate content .
Contrary to popular belief , this phrase does not refer solely to literal carbon - copies of pages within your own site .
As always in SEO , we must consider our site from the perspective of a robot .
Therefore , when we refer to duplicate or thin content , we ’re simply referring to URLs that meet the following criteria :
Return a 200 OK HTTP response status code , indicating that the requested resource exists
HTTP response status code , indicating that the requested resource exists Return content that is available via other URLs ( duplicate ) , or that offers no value to users ( thin )
To help demonstrate the scope of these criteria , two examples from a prominent online UK retailer are provided below .
Here , each product category is accessible via an infinite number of nonsensical subcategories .
This is an example of duplicate content ; these URLs are being crawled and indexed by search engines , which constitutes a severe waste of the site ’s crawl budget .
In this instance , search results pages - even those which turn up no product matches - lack any indexation directives and are completely open to search crawlers .
This is a good example of thin content - these mostly - blank pages offer no value to users , and yet over 22,000 have been indexed at the time of writing .
It is well - known that Google ’s algorithm penalizes sites for large - scale duplication of this kind , with faceted navigation systems being particularly problematic in this regard .
However , even the smallest of issues can become exacerbated over time .
Behavioral quirks in your CMS or server configuration problems can lead to serious crawl budget waste and dilution of so - called link equity ( the SEO ’ value ’ of external links to your pages - more on this in Section 3 ) .
All - too - often , these issues go completely undetected by webmasters .
Our primary goal is to consolidate any duplicate , thin , or legacy content .
One article could not begin to scratch the surface in terms of all the possible scenarios you might encounter , nor the approaches to their mitigation .
Instead , we ’ll be looking to arm ourselves with the tools to diagnose these issues when they occur .
Diagnostics
You can learn a remarkable amount about how your content is being indexed by using advanced search operators .
Entering site : yourdomain.com into Google will return a sample of URLs on your domain that have been indexed .
Heading straight for the last of these paginated results - those Google deems least relevant - will often yield clues as to any duplication problems that are affecting your site .
If you ’re presented with a prompt to repeat the search with with “ omitted results included ” ( see below ) , click it ; the resulting unfiltered view is often a great way to uncover any particularly egregious problems .
Always opt to see the unfiltered view to diagnose problems .
( View large version )
The site : operator can be made yet more powerful when combined with the inurl , intitle , exact ( ” … ” ) , and negative ( - ) operators .
By using these and other advanced operators as part of your investigation , it ’s possible to diagnose certain major issues fairly quickly :
Check for accidentally - indexed subdomains and staging sites .
If your website is supposed to sit on a www , for example , check for URLs missing that part of the URL .
site: yourdomain.com - inurl: www
Check for multiple versions of your homepage by searching < title > tags .
It ’s common to see both the root domain and document name indexed separately : yourdomain.com and yourdomain.com/index.html , for example .
site:yourdomain.com intitle : " Your Homepage Title "
Check for URLs appended with parameters that do not change page content , optionally within a particular directory .
Session IDs and affiliate trackers are particularly common on large e-commerce platforms and can easily result in thousands of duplicated pages .
site:yourdomain.com / directory / inurl : trackingid=
Google ’s Search Console provides an excellent platform to monitor the overall health of your website .
The HTML Improvements panel under Search Appearance is a good way of spotting duplicate content .
Pay particular attention to the lists of identical < title > tags and meta descriptions , both of which help to diagnose issues with duplicate content and poorly marked - up pages .
Navigating to Index Status under Google Index will provide a historic view of your site ’s indexation .
Hit ‘ Advanced ’ to overlay this information with data on the number of URLs you ’re blocking via your robots .
txt file .
A historic view of your site ’s indexation in Search Console , including URLs blocked in robots .
txt .
( View large version )
Be sure to also check for Soft 404 errors under Crawl - Crawl Errors .
These are instances where a non-existent page is failing to return the appropriate 404 status code .
Remember , from the perspective of a robot , page content is unrelated to the HTTP response returned by the server .
Users may be shown a “ Page Not Found ” message , but with improper error handling your server may be telling robots that the page exists and should be indexed .
Finally , take a look at the Sitemaps section under Crawl .
As well as allowing you to test individual sitemaps , it can provide valuable insight into how Google and other search engines are interpreting your site structure .
Pay close attention to the ratio of URLs indexed to URLs submitted ; a significant discrepancy can be indicative of a problem with duplicate or ’ thin ’ content .
Submitted URLs versus indexed URLs in the Sitemaps section of Search Console .
( View large version )
Redirects & Rewrites
In situations where your duplicate or legacy content has an obvious ‘ new ’ URL - an old page which has been superseded , for example - the best course of action is generally to implement server side redirection .
Human visitors will seamlessly arrive at the preferred URL , and search crawlers will understand that the original page has been moved .
Be sure to always return a code 301 ( permanent ) HTTP status response and not the Apache default , a code 302 ( temporary ) .
While humans wo n’t be able to tell the difference , robots interpret the two very differently .
In contrast to a temporary redirect , a permanent redirect will :
Cause the old URL to eventually drop out of the search engine ’s index
Pass on the link equity of the old page to the new page , a concept we will be exploring in more depth in Section 3
Implementation will obviously vary depending on your server setup , but we ’ll demonstrate some simple examples in Apache using the .htaccess configuration file .
Particularly complex redirect mapping will generally require use of the mod_rewrite module , but do n’t underestimate how much you can achieve with the Redirect and RedirectMatch directives in the simpler mod_alias .
The following lines would redirect a single file , and an entire directory plus its contents , to their new locations via a code 301 redirect :
Redirect 301 /old-file.html
http://www.yourdomain.com/new-file.html
RedirectMatch 301 ^/old - directory / http://www.yourdomain.com/new-directory/
Check the Apache documentation for more detailed guidance on implementing these directives .
In circumstances where we ’re looking to address duplication of a more structural nature - the missing www issue mentioned above , for instance - we can use URL rewrite rules .
Our goal here is to ensure that our website is accessible only via our chosen hostname ( www.yourdomain.com ) .
Note that either is a valid choice , as long as we enforce it consistently .
Requests for URLs which omit the www prefix should result in code 301 redirection to the corresponding canonical version .
Users will seamlessly arrive on the correct page , and search crawlers understand which set of URLs should be indexed .
We will achieve this with the following mod_rewrite directives :
RewriteEngine on RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^yourdomain.com [ NC ] RewriteRule ^(.* ) $
http://www.yourdomain.com/$1 [ L,R=301 ]
Once again , consult the Apache documentation for more detailed guidelines .
There is also documentation available for the corresponding modules in Nginx and IIS .
The relevance of URL rewrites to SEO goes beyond simple fixes .
Crucially , it allows us to make resources available over HTTP at URLs which do not necessarily correspond to their locations in the file system .
This allows us to implement a static , human - readable URL structure which reflects our logical , IA - compliant site architecture .
Original : http://www.yourdomain.com/content/catID/43/prod.html?p=XjqG
Rewritten : http://www.yourdomain.com/category/product/
The benefits of a clean URL structure in SEO cannot be overstated .
In addition to providing an increase in crawl efficiency , a good implementation offers a huge usability advantage .
Remember that the URL is one of the most prominent elements considered by searchers when deciding on which URL to click .
Given the sheer number of possible tech stacks , the methodology can vary greatly , but you can find a general summary of URL best practices at Google , and a helpful introduction to advanced rewrite conditions at Linode.com .
One final word on redirects : avoid chains where at all possible .
Not only are they inefficient from a crawl efficiency standpoint , the amount of ‘ value ’ passed by a 301 ( permanent ) redirect diminishes with each sequential hop .
Your goal should be to direct all variants and retired pages to the correct URL with a single permanent redirect .
See Section 3 for more information on the concept of link value preservation .
The Canonical Tag
In situations where server - side redirection is impossible or inappropriate , there is another fix available to us : the rel= “ canonical ” link element .
First introduced in 2009 as part of a collaborative effort by Google , Bing , and Yahoo , the tag allows us to indicate to search engines the preferred URL for a page .
Usage is simple : add a link element with the rel=“ canonical ” attribute to the head section of the ‘ true ’ page and all its variants .
To use a simple homepage example :
http://www.yourdomain.com
http://www.yourdomain.com/index.html
http://www.yourdomain.com?sessionid=1988
Marking each of these with the following tag would indicate to search engines which version to show users :
< link rel= " canonical " href = " http://www.yourdomain.com " >
Unlike a redirect , the canonical tag does not affect the URL shown in the user ’s address bar .
Instead , it is simply a hint to search engines to treat particular variants as a single page .
Be sure that the URLs in your canonical tags are correct ; canonicalizing your entire site to a single page or implementing canonicals that point at 404 errors can be disastrous .
Note that in most instances server - side redirection is a more robust and user - friendly way of addressing major duplication problems .
If you are in a position to control a site ’s architecture , it ’s generally possible to avoid many of the scenarios that require canonical tags as a fix .
That being said , there are advantages to including self - referencing canonical tags on every page .
When implemented correctly , they make a good first line of defence against unforeseen problems .
If your site uses parameters to identify specific user comments ( …? comment=13 , for example ) , the canonical tag can ensure that links to these URLs do not lead to the indexation of duplicate pages .
When dealing with duplicate content , you should always look to address the root cause of the problem rather than using a proprietary solution .
For this reason , disabling a problematic parameter and handling its function via a cookie is often a preferable solution to blocking the parameter in a vendor - specific program like Google Search Console or Bing Webmaster Central .
For a more detailed look into duplicate content and the approaches to tackling it , take a read of Dr. Pete Meyers ’ article on Moz.com .
Multi-regional & Multilingual
Websites that target more than one language or country can be particularly challenging from a search standpoint , given that such sites inherantly require multiplication of content .
International SEO is an extremely broad subject that warrants an entire article to itself , and for this reason we will touch only on the basic principles here .
The structure of a multi-regional or multilingual website is worthy of careful consideration .
Google ’s own guidelines on internationalisation are a good starting point .
There are dozens of factors to consider before opting for separate ccTLDs , subdomains , or subdirectories , and it is essential to consider the future of your site and plan implementation as thoroughly as possible before deployment .
Whichever route you choose , the rel=“ alternate ” hreflang= “ x ” attributes should be used to indicate to search engines the appropriate page to return to users searching in a particular language .
These attributes are a signal , not a directive , and so other factors ( server IP address or geotargeting settings in Search Console , for example ) can override them .
Your hreflang annotations can be served via an HTTP header , by marking up your sitemaps , or by using link elements in the head of your pages .
The syntax for the latter implementation is as follows :
< link rel= " alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/en " hreflang= " en " > < link rel=" alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/de " hreflang = " de " > < link rel= " alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/fr " hreflang= " fr " > < link rel=" alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/fr-ca " hreflang = " fr-ca " >
The value of the hreflang attribute specifies the language in ISO 639 - 1 format , and ( optionally ) the region in ISO 3166 - 1 Alpha 2 format .
In the example above , four versions of our homepage are specified : English , German , French ( all non-region - specific ) , and finally French content localized for users in Canada .
Each version of a page must identify every translated version , including itself .
In other words , the above code block would be repeated on all four versions of our homepage .
Finally , note that Google recommends not canonicalizing across different international page versions ; instead , use the canonical tag only within the same version .
Internationalization can be notoriously complex , and as such it ’s worth experimenting with tools such as Aleyda Solis ’s Hreflang Tags Generator Tool and reading Google ’s documentation in its entirety before even considering making changes to your website .
Finally , while we ’re on the subject of region - specific content , it ’s worth noting that SEO for local businesses carries with it a raft of additional opportunities .
Matthew Barby ’s primer on the subject for Search Engine Land is a good place to start .
Maintenance & Best Practices
In this section , we ’ll be covering general best practices and housekeeping for SEO .
This includes auditing your on - page meta data - titles , descriptions , headings , and so forth - and also checking for common internal issues which are easily overlooked .
In tandem with Google Search Console or Bing Webmaster Central , the most useful tool available for everyday on - site SEO is a simulated search crawler .
This is a piece of software that can be used to crawl your website in a manner similar to that of a search robot .
The Xenu Link Sleuth is a good freeware option , but for serious work you cannot beat the Screaming Frog SEO Spider .
‘ The Frog ’ , as it is affectionately dubbed , is fully configurable in terms of user agent , speed , crawl directory & depth ( including by regex patterns ) , and adherence to nofollow / canonical / robots .
txt directives .
The resulting data can be filtered and exported to CSV or Excel format , opening up countless avenues for exploration .
As a simple example , we ’ll audit our on - page meta data .
Actual content aside , a page ’s title tag and meta description are the two most important on - page factors for modern SEO , so we ’ll be looking to review these at scale .
Under Configuration - Spider , uncheck Images , CSS , JavaScript , SWF , and External Links .
Then check Crawl All Subdomains to ensure that your entire domain is covered , and hit OK .
Enter your domain in the URL to spider field , and hit Start .
The Screaming Frog SEO Spider crawling all URLs on a domain .
( View large version )
The Page Titles and Meta Descriptions tabs will allow you to filter the crawl data by issue ; in the case of title tags , these are categorised as missing , duplicate , too short , or overly - long .
Hit Export to save the data to a spreadsheet for manual review later .
If you ’ve never before run a crawl on your website , it ’s almost a guarantee that something in the crawl results will surprise you .
It could be an unexpected duplication problem , a legacy site section you ’ve forgotten about , or a high priority page with no meta data whatsoever .
This is why tools such as Screaming Frog can be so valuable - they provide insight into how crawlers are likely interacting with your website .
The official documentation is very comprehensive , and Aichlee Bushnell wrote a great guide to advanced uses of the program for Seer Interactive .
A quick list of things to check for , most of which are inefficient from a crawl efficiency standpoint :
Temporary ( code 302 ) redirects , which do not pass value
) redirects , which do not pass value Chained redirects - use the redirect chains report function
404 error pages which are linked - to internally
error pages which are linked - to internally Inconsistent internal linking - links to non-canonical URLs , for instance
Use of deprecated tags like meta keywords - these serve only to betray to competitors the keywords you are targeting !
Link Profile Maintenance
Google ’s rise to power in the late 1990s is partly attributable to its use of external links as a ranking factor .
Company co-founder Larry Page invented a technology called PageRank , a way of measuring a page ’s quality based on the number of other websites - and , crucially , the authority of those other websites - linking to it .
In practical terms , this means that a link to your website from the BBC will have far more of an impact on your search rankings than a link from just about anywhere else .
Google ’s algorithm has evolved considerably in the years since its introduction , and today it incorporates dozens of metrics when determining how to rank a page .
Nevertheless , external links remain the single most important factor for search rankings .
This has led to the messy saga of link spam and manual penalties , in which unscrupulous SEO practitioners discover a link building tactic which they can abuse at scale before Google ’s inevitable clampdown .
The series of so - called ‘ Penguin ’ updates are essentially Google ’s major offensives in this ongoing war of attrition , penalizing websites that benefit from paid links , link spam , and other breaches of Google ’s guidelines .
As a result , SEO link audits will typically focus on risks - evidence of previous attempts to manipulate PageRank - rather than on opportunities .
It is true that webmasters in certain highly - competitive industries such as gambling and pharmaceuticals need to be aware of the possible effects of link spam and negative SEO on their site ’s rankings ; in some cases , regular and proactive use of Google ’s Disavow Tool may even be necessary .
These are extreme cases , however .
Link targeting , on the other hand , is relevant to all sites .
By evaluating the health of a site ’s link profile , it is possible to retain and reclaim link equity ( the value which Google assigns to links ) in a wide variety of ways .
Equity Loss
Think of link equity as a valuable liquid , and the links to your website as the pipes through which it is transported .
A series of tubes , if you will .
A normal link that points directly at a URL returning a 200 OK HTTP response code - a live page - transfers this value to your website perfectly .
A link to a dead page that returns a 404 or 503 error sends this value down the drain , and your site does not benefit at all .
A single code 301 redirect is like a funnel , in that it catches most of the equity from a link and diverts it on to the new destination .
It does the job , but it ’s an inherently leaky process and by avoiding redirect chains you can prevent the losses from compounding .
A code 302 redirect is like a sieve .
Although humans clicking on the link are caught and sent safely on to the correct destination , all the valuable equity is wasted .
Links ( or redirects ) to pages blocked in your robots .
txt file are similarly inefficient ; humans wo n’t notice , but the equity is prevented from reaching your site .
We ’ll avoid stretching the analogy further , but you should also avoid redirect loops and soft 404 pages .
There are a handful of other factors to consider before we start fixing leaks .
First of all , each subdomain has its own reserves of link equity .
Despite some claims to the contrary , search engines still view forum.yourdomain.com and www.yourdomain.com as different websites , and links to one will not benefit the other .
This is why blogs hosted on an external service such as Tumblr ( yourblog.tumblr.com ) do not inherit the authority of their root domain .
For this reason , it is almost always worth the effort to install site components ( forums , blogs , and so forth ) in subfolders on your main domain .
Furthermore , it is possible to prevent equity from flowing through specific links by using the nofollow attribute .
This can be applied at a page level by using the robots meta tag we discussed in Section 1.2 , which instructs spiders not to crawl the page ’s links or to attribute value to them .
It is also possible to apply this property to a specific link by setting nofollow as the value for the rel attribute : < a href= “ / ” rel= “ nofollow ” > .
Finally , the impact of the problems described above will be much worse for old websites and big websites .
The side effects of historic migrations , rebrands , URL restructures , and internationalisation can become compounded over time .
Thankfully , the cost to implement the necessary fixes stays relatively low , while the rewards in organic performance can often be remarkable .
Fixing Leaks
To identify and fix these problems we ’ll need a list of all links to our website .
There are a number of services that attempt to provide this , with two of the best being Majestic and Ahrefs .
For the purposes of this guide , we ’ll focus on the latter .
We ’ll need to generate a raw export of our root domain ’s link profile .
Having entered the domain into the Ahrefs Site Explorer , hit Export - CSV .
Download a Backlinks / Ref pages report in the encoding format of your choice ( UTF – 8 for Libre Office Calc , UTF – 16 for Microsoft Excel ) .
Use a spider such as Screaming Frog or the free SEO Tools for Excel to crawl the target URLs of your links .
If you ’re using Screaming Frog , make sure that your spider is configured to always follow redirects ( no matter how long the chain ! ) , and to ignore robots .
txt disallow rules .
Make use of the redirect chains report to export the full crawl path for each URL .
With the required data to hand , what exactly are we looking for ?
Oliver Mason wrote an excellent guide for Builtvisible on this very subject :
“ What we are trying to do is ensure that Googlebot can crawl unhindered from external link to canonical page in as few steps as possible .
To do this , we look for anything that interrupts crawl or link equity .
Think about general guidelines for migrations and URL structures – they tend towards ‘ make sure current structure is redirected to the new structure in a single hop ’ .
This is fine in isolation , but every time new recommendations are put in place without consideration of past migrations , you ’re guaranteeing link equity loss .
Very often you ’ll find that a number of structural changes have happened in the past without being handled quite correctly , leading to an abundance of inefficiencies . ”
If you ’ve made it this far , you should be able to guess the necessary fixes .
Excluding the possibility of manual realignment ( i.e. asking webmasters to update their outbound links to your website ) , you should look to address specific issues as follows :
To reclaim the value of links to 404 or 503 pages , implement permanent redirects to the most closely related live pages .
or pages , implement permanent redirects to the most closely related live pages .
Update code 302 temporary redirects to code 301 permanent redirects .
temporary redirects to code permanent redirects .
If resources blocked in robots .
txt have accrued links , either create an Allow exception or redirect the URLs to an unblocked page .
have accrued links , either create an exception or redirect the URLs to an unblocked page .
Remove all intermediate steps from redirect chains , ensuring that the path from external link to canonical page consists of no more than one permanent redirect .
If you ’re dealing with a large website and have limited development resource , you can prioritise problematic URLs by the number of linking root domains pointing at them .
Remember too that fixing instances of complete equity waste ( e.g. redirecting a once - popular URL which is now returning a 404 ) will likely have bigger impact than fixing minor inefficiencies .
Harnessing Your History
Finally , consider the domain history of your website .
If it has ever undergone a major migration or rebrand which involved changing root domain - moving from a .co.uk to a .com , for example - it ’s worth checking that the process was carried out properly .
Consult the Google Support guidelines on proper execution of a site move .
You ’ll need to repeat the steps above for each domain property associated with your brand in order to ensure that each old page is properly redirecting to its corresponding new version .
You ’ll also want to submit a Change of Address request through Google Search Console .
Note that this needs to be done after redirects have been implemented , and will require you to verify ownership of both the old and the new domains .
For particularly old properties , this will probably have to be done using a DNS TXT record .
This may seem like an inordinate amount of effort , but the potential gain in organic performance is considerable .
Preservation and reclamation of link value is key to the reason why any kind of migration or restructure must be overseen by an experienced technical SEO consultant .
This is especially true for e-commerce websites that rely to any degree on organic acquisition for their revenue stream .
Careful planning and comprehensive redirect mapping must be carried out in advance to ensure that organic rankings remain as stable as possible .
The Tip of the Technical SEO Iceberg
As this article has hopefully demonstrated , technical SEO is an extraordinarily rich discipline .
The principles and techniques we ’ve explored are a good set of best practices , but - as with all areas of web development - there are exceptions to every rule .
Tackling a migration for a huge e-commerce website running on an idiosyncratic CMS with a million pages , a separate mobile site , a faceted navigation system , and a colourful history of architectural changes and rebrands requires a different level of understanding .
For readers wishing to dive into advanced technical SEO , log file analysis is a great place to start .
For particularly complex websites , adherence to guidelines can only take you so far ; true organic optimisation requires an understanding of precisely how Googlebot and Bingbot are interacting with your site .
By exporting raw server logs for analysis , it ’s possible to ‘ see ’ each and every request made by search engine robots .
This data allows us to determine the frequency , depth , and breadth of crawl behaviour , and reveals obstructions which may go unnoticed by even the most experienced SEO experts .
I would strongly recommend Daniel Butler ’s guide to anyone wishing to explore the possibilities of log file analysis .
What we ’ve explored today is just the tip of the iceberg .
Even websites that are technically well - optimised stand to benefit from a greater consideration of the possibilities of organic search .
RewriteEngine on RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^yourdomain.com [ NC ] RewriteRule ^(.* ) $
http://www.yourdomain.com/$1 [ L,R=301 ]
Once again , consult the Apache documentation for more detailed guidelines .
There is also documentation available for the corresponding modules in Nginx and IIS .
The relevance of URL rewrites to SEO goes beyond simple fixes .
Crucially , it allows us to make resources available over HTTP at URLs which do not necessarily correspond to their locations in the file system .
This allows us to implement a static , human - readable URL structure which reflects our logical , IA - compliant site architecture .
Original : http://www.yourdomain.com/content/catID/43/prod.html?p=XjqG
Rewritten : http://www.yourdomain.com/category/product/
The benefits of a clean URL structure in SEO cannot be overstated .
In addition to providing an increase in crawl efficiency , a good implementation offers a huge usability advantage .
Remember that the URL is one of the most prominent elements considered by searchers when deciding on which URL to click .
Given the sheer number of possible tech stacks , the methodology can vary greatly , but you can find a general summary of URL best practices at Google , and a helpful introduction to advanced rewrite conditions at Linode.com .
One final word on redirects : avoid chains where at all possible .
Not only are they inefficient from a crawl efficiency standpoint , the amount of ‘ value ’ passed by a 301 ( permanent ) redirect diminishes with each sequential hop .
Your goal should be to direct all variants and retired pages to the correct URL with a single permanent redirect .
See Section 3 for more information on the concept of link value preservation .
The Canonical Tag
In situations where server - side redirection is impossible or inappropriate , there is another fix available to us : the rel= “ canonical ” link element .
First introduced in 2009 as part of a collaborative effort by Google , Bing , and Yahoo , the tag allows us to indicate to search engines the preferred URL for a page .
Usage is simple : add a link element with the rel=“ canonical ” attribute to the head section of the ‘ true ’ page and all its variants .
To use a simple homepage example :
http://www.yourdomain.com
http://www.yourdomain.com/index.html
http://www.yourdomain.com?sessionid=1988
Marking each of these with the following tag would indicate to search engines which version to show users :
< link rel= " canonical " href = " http://www.yourdomain.com " >
Unlike a redirect , the canonical tag does not affect the URL shown in the user ’s address bar .
Instead , it is simply a hint to search engines to treat particular variants as a single page .
Be sure that the URLs in your canonical tags are correct ; canonicalizing your entire site to a single page or implementing canonicals that point at 404 errors can be disastrous .
Note that in most instances server - side redirection is a more robust and user - friendly way of addressing major duplication problems .
If you are in a position to control a site ’s architecture , it ’s generally possible to avoid many of the scenarios that require canonical tags as a fix .
That being said , there are advantages to including self - referencing canonical tags on every page .
When implemented correctly , they make a good first line of defence against unforeseen problems .
If your site uses parameters to identify specific user comments ( …? comment=13 , for example ) , the canonical tag can ensure that links to these URLs do not lead to the indexation of duplicate pages .
When dealing with duplicate content , you should always look to address the root cause of the problem rather than using a proprietary solution .
For this reason , disabling a problematic parameter and handling its function via a cookie is often a preferable solution to blocking the parameter in a vendor - specific program like Google Search Console or Bing Webmaster Central .
For a more detailed look into duplicate content and the approaches to tackling it , take a read of Dr. Pete Meyers ’ article on Moz.com .
Multi-regional & Multilingual
Websites that target more than one language or country can be particularly challenging from a search standpoint , given that such sites inherantly require multiplication of content .
International SEO is an extremely broad subject that warrants an entire article to itself , and for this reason we will touch only on the basic principles here .
The structure of a multi-regional or multilingual website is worthy of careful consideration .
Google ’s own guidelines on internationalisation are a good starting point .
There are dozens of factors to consider before opting for separate ccTLDs , subdomains , or subdirectories , and it is essential to consider the future of your site and plan implementation as thoroughly as possible before deployment .
Whichever route you choose , the rel=“ alternate ” hreflang= “ x ” attributes should be used to indicate to search engines the appropriate page to return to users searching in a particular language .
These attributes are a signal , not a directive , and so other factors ( server IP address or geotargeting settings in Search Console , for example ) can override them .
Your hreflang annotations can be served via an HTTP header , by marking up your sitemaps , or by using link elements in the head of your pages .
The syntax for the latter implementation is as follows :
< link rel= " alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/en " hreflang= " en " > < link rel=" alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/de " hreflang = " de " > < link rel= " alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/fr " hreflang= " fr " > < link rel=" alternate " href = " http://yourdomain.com/fr-ca " hreflang = " fr-ca " >
The value of the hreflang attribute specifies the language in ISO 639 - 1 format , and ( optionally ) the region in ISO 3166 - 1 Alpha 2 format .
In the example above , four versions of our homepage are specified : English , German , French ( all non-region - specific ) , and finally French content localized for users in Canada .
Each version of a page must identify every translated version , including itself .
In other words , the above code block would be repeated on all four versions of our homepage .
Finally , note that Google recommends not canonicalizing across different international page versions ; instead , use the canonical tag only within the same version .
Internationalization can be notoriously complex , and as such it ’s worth experimenting with tools such as Aleyda Solis ’s Hreflang Tags Generator Tool and reading Google ’s documentation in its entirety before even considering making changes to your website .
Finally , while we ’re on the subject of region - specific content , it ’s worth noting that SEO for local businesses carries with it a raft of additional opportunities .
Matthew Barby ’s primer on the subject for Search Engine Land is a good place to start .
Maintenance & Best Practices
In this section , we ’ll be covering general best practices and housekeeping for SEO .
This includes auditing your on - page meta data - titles , descriptions , headings , and so forth - and also checking for common internal issues which are easily overlooked .
In tandem with Google Search Console or Bing Webmaster Central , the most useful tool available for everyday on - site SEO is a simulated search crawler .
This is a piece of software that can be used to crawl your website in a manner similar to that of a search robot .
The Xenu Link Sleuth is a good freeware option , but for serious work you cannot beat the Screaming Frog SEO Spider .
‘ The Frog ’ , as it is affectionately dubbed , is fully configurable in terms of user agent , speed , crawl directory & depth ( including by regex patterns ) , and adherence to nofollow / canonical / robots .
txt directives .
The resulting data can be filtered and exported to CSV or Excel format , opening up countless avenues for exploration .
As a simple example , we ’ll audit our on - page meta data .
Actual content aside , a page ’s title tag and meta description are the two most important on - page factors for modern SEO , so we ’ll be looking to review these at scale .
Under Configuration - Spider , uncheck Images , CSS , JavaScript , SWF , and External Links .
Then check Crawl All Subdomains to ensure that your entire domain is covered , and hit OK .
Enter your domain in the URL to spider field , and hit Start .
The Screaming Frog SEO Spider crawling all URLs on a domain .
( View large version )
The Page Titles and Meta Descriptions tabs will allow you to filter the crawl data by issue ; in the case of title tags , these are categorised as missing , duplicate , too short , or overly - long .
Hit Export to save the data to a spreadsheet for manual review later .
If you ’ve never before run a crawl on your website , it ’s almost a guarantee that something in the crawl results will surprise you .
It could be an unexpected duplication problem , a legacy site section you ’ve forgotten about , or a high priority page with no meta data whatsoever .
This is why tools such as Screaming Frog can be so valuable - they provide insight into how crawlers are likely interacting with your website .
The official documentation is very comprehensive , and Aichlee Bushnell wrote a great guide to advanced uses of the program for Seer Interactive .
A quick list of things to check for , most of which are inefficient from a crawl efficiency standpoint :
Temporary ( code 302 ) redirects , which do not pass value
) redirects , which do not pass value Chained redirects - use the redirect chains report function
404 error pages which are linked - to internally
error pages which are linked - to internally Inconsistent internal linking - links to non-canonical URLs , for instance
Use of deprecated tags like meta keywords - these serve only to betray to competitors the keywords you are targeting !
Link Profile Maintenance
Google ’s rise to power in the late 1990s is partly attributable to its use of external links as a ranking factor .
Company co-founder Larry Page invented a technology called PageRank , a way of measuring a page ’s quality based on the number of other websites - and , crucially , the authority of those other websites - linking to it .
In practical terms , this means that a link to your website from the BBC will have far more of an impact on your search rankings than a link from just about anywhere else .
Google ’s algorithm has evolved considerably in the years since its introduction , and today it incorporates dozens of metrics when determining how to rank a page .
Nevertheless , external links remain the single most important factor for search rankings .
This has led to the messy saga of link spam and manual penalties , in which unscrupulous SEO practitioners discover a link building tactic which they can abuse at scale before Google ’s inevitable clampdown .
The series of so - called ‘ Penguin ’ updates are essentially Google ’s major offensives in this ongoing war of attrition , penalizing websites that benefit from paid links , link spam , and other breaches of Google ’s guidelines .
As a result , SEO link audits will typically focus on risks - evidence of previous attempts to manipulate PageRank - rather than on opportunities .
It is true that webmasters in certain highly - competitive industries such as gambling and pharmaceuticals need to be aware of the possible effects of link spam and negative SEO on their site ’s rankings ; in some cases , regular and proactive use of Google ’s Disavow Tool may even be necessary .
These are extreme cases , however .
Link targeting , on the other hand , is relevant to all sites .
By evaluating the health of a site ’s link profile , it is possible to retain and reclaim link equity ( the value which Google assigns to links ) in a wide variety of ways .
Equity Loss
Think of link equity as a valuable liquid , and the links to your website as the pipes through which it is transported .
A series of tubes , if you will .
A normal link that points directly at a URL returning a 200 OK HTTP response code - a live page - transfers this value to your website perfectly .
A link to a dead page that returns a 404 or 503 error sends this value down the drain , and your site does not benefit at all .
A single code 301 redirect is like a funnel , in that it catches most of the equity from a link and diverts it on to the new destination .
It does the job , but it ’s an inherently leaky process and by avoiding redirect chains you can prevent the losses from compounding .
A code 302 redirect is like a sieve .
Although humans clicking on the link are caught and sent safely on to the correct destination , all the valuable equity is wasted .
Links ( or redirects ) to pages blocked in your robots .
txt file are similarly inefficient ; humans wo n’t notice , but the equity is prevented from reaching your site .
We ’ll avoid stretching the analogy further , but you should also avoid redirect loops and soft 404 pages .
There are a handful of other factors to consider before we start fixing leaks .
First of all , each subdomain has its own reserves of link equity .
Despite some claims to the contrary , search engines still view forum.yourdomain.com and www.yourdomain.com as different websites , and links to one will not benefit the other .
This is why blogs hosted on an external service such as Tumblr ( yourblog.tumblr.com ) do not inherit the authority of their root domain .
For this reason , it is almost always worth the effort to install site components ( forums , blogs , and so forth ) in subfolders on your main domain .
Furthermore , it is possible to prevent equity from flowing through specific links by using the nofollow attribute .
This can be applied at a page level by using the robots meta tag we discussed in Section 1.2 , which instructs spiders not to crawl the page ’s links or to attribute value to them .
It is also possible to apply this property to a specific link by setting nofollow as the value for the rel attribute : < a href= “ / ” rel= “ nofollow ” > .
Finally , the impact of the problems described above will be much worse for old websites and big websites .
The side effects of historic migrations , rebrands , URL restructures , and internationalisation can become compounded over time .
Thankfully , the cost to implement the necessary fixes stays relatively low , while the rewards in organic performance can often be remarkable .
Fixing Leaks
To identify and fix these problems we ’ll need a list of all links to our website .
There are a number of services that attempt to provide this , with two of the best being Majestic and Ahrefs .
For the purposes of this guide , we ’ll focus on the latter .
We ’ll need to generate a raw export of our root domain ’s link profile .
Having entered the domain into the Ahrefs Site Explorer , hit Export - CSV .
Download a Backlinks / Ref pages report in the encoding format of your choice ( UTF – 8 for Libre Office Calc , UTF – 16 for Microsoft Excel ) .
Use a spider such as Screaming Frog or the free SEO Tools for Excel to crawl the target URLs of your links .
If you ’re using Screaming Frog , make sure that your spider is configured to always follow redirects ( no matter how long the chain ! ) , and to ignore robots .
txt disallow rules .
Make use of the redirect chains report to export the full crawl path for each URL .
With the required data to hand , what exactly are we looking for ?
Oliver Mason wrote an excellent guide for Builtvisible on this very subject :
“ What we are trying to do is ensure that Googlebot can crawl unhindered from external link to canonical page in as few steps as possible .
To do this , we look for anything that interrupts crawl or link equity .
Think about general guidelines for migrations and URL structures – they tend towards ‘ make sure current structure is redirected to the new structure in a single hop ’ .
This is fine in isolation , but every time new recommendations are put in place without consideration of past migrations , you ’re guaranteeing link equity loss .
Very often you ’ll find that a number of structural changes have happened in the past without being handled quite correctly , leading to an abundance of inefficiencies . ”
If you ’ve made it this far , you should be able to guess the necessary fixes .
Excluding the possibility of manual realignment ( i.e. asking webmasters to update their outbound links to your website ) , you should look to address specific issues as follows :
To reclaim the value of links to 404 or 503 pages , implement permanent redirects to the most closely related live pages .
or pages , implement permanent redirects to the most closely related live pages .
Update code 302 temporary redirects to code 301 permanent redirects .
temporary redirects to code permanent redirects .
If resources blocked in robots .
txt have accrued links , either create an Allow exception or redirect the URLs to an unblocked page .
have accrued links , either create an exception or redirect the URLs to an unblocked page .
Remove all intermediate steps from redirect chains , ensuring that the path from external link to canonical page consists of no more than one permanent redirect .
If you ’re dealing with a large website and have limited development resource , you can prioritise problematic URLs by the number of linking root domains pointing at them .
Remember too that fixing instances of complete equity waste ( e.g. redirecting a once - popular URL which is now returning a 404 ) will likely have bigger impact than fixing minor inefficiencies .
Harnessing Your History
Finally , consider the domain history of your website .
If it has ever undergone a major migration or rebrand which involved changing root domain - moving from a .co.uk to a .com , for example - it ’s worth checking that the process was carried out properly .
Consult the Google Support guidelines on proper execution of a site move .
You ’ll need to repeat the steps above for each domain property associated with your brand in order to ensure that each old page is properly redirecting to its corresponding new version .
You ’ll also want to submit a Change of Address request through Google Search Console .
Note that this needs to be done after redirects have been implemented , and will require you to verify ownership of both the old and the new domains .
For particularly old properties , this will probably have to be done using a DNS TXT record .
This may seem like an inordinate amount of effort , but the potential gain in organic performance is considerable .
Preservation and reclamation of link value is key to the reason why any kind of migration or restructure must be overseen by an experienced technical SEO consultant .
This is especially true for e-commerce websites that rely to any degree on organic acquisition for their revenue stream .
Careful planning and comprehensive redirect mapping must be carried out in advance to ensure that organic rankings remain as stable as possible .
The Tip of the Technical SEO Iceberg
As this article has hopefully demonstrated , technical SEO is an extraordinarily rich discipline .
The principles and techniques we ’ve explored are a good set of best practices , but - as with all areas of web development - there are exceptions to every rule .
Tackling a migration for a huge e-commerce website running on an idiosyncratic CMS with a million pages , a separate mobile site , a faceted navigation system , and a colourful history of architectural changes and rebrands requires a different level of understanding .
For readers wishing to dive into advanced technical SEO , log file analysis is a great place to start .
For particularly complex websites , adherence to guidelines can only take you so far ; true organic optimisation requires an understanding of precisely how Googlebot and Bingbot are interacting with your site .
By exporting raw server logs for analysis , it ’s possible to ‘ see ’ each and every request made by search engine robots .
This data allows us to determine the frequency , depth , and breadth of crawl behaviour , and reveals obstructions which may go unnoticed by even the most experienced SEO experts .
I would strongly recommend Daniel Butler ’s guide to anyone wishing to explore the possibilities of log file analysis .
What we ’ve explored today is just the tip of the iceberg .
Even websites that are technically well - optimised stand to benefit from a greater consideration of the possibilities of organic search .
Much as social media meta tags can enrich the potential of your content on Facebook , Twitter , and Pinterest , structured data markup allows us to annotate our content for machine interpretation and enables search engines like Google and Bing to generate so - called rich - snippets .
The Schema.org vocabulary and JSON - LD format are opening up a whole new frontier of possibilities , and allow an increasingly complex array of actions to be invoked directly from the search results themselves .
This will have to wait for another day .
“ Rich Snippets ” - A great opportunity to stand out in organic search .
( View large version )
My primary goal in writing this article was to introduce fellow web developers to the principles of modern search engine optimisation .
If I ’ve succeeded in dispelling any of the myths that surround this subject , even better .
SEO is not a dark art , nor is it dying ; much like site speed and mobile - friendliness , it is simply one of the many ways in which we will make a better , richer , and more discoverable web .
Special thanks to Oliver Mason for his invaluable suggestions and advice while this article was being written .
IT has taken 88 months , or nearly three - quarters of the decade , but the American stock market is finally back to where it ended the last decade .
At least that is true if one measures stock performance in the traditional way , using dollars .
As the chart accompanying this column indicates , the Standard & Poor ’s index of 500 stocks ended April a full 1.1 percent above its level of Dec. 31 , 1999 .
Unfortunately for those who owned American stocks during that period , the dollar itself has not been a star performer .
As a store of value , the buck is having a bad decade .
The charts show how the S.& P. has performed against some other currencies , and against some alternative investments .
The full text of his announcement can be found on the new City Room blog .
Mr. Bloomberg announced his decision after a campaign - style swing through California in which he gave a series of speeches that clearly previewed what aides have long said would be the thematic underpinnings of a Bloomberg presidential campaign , should he decide to run .
Image Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg talked to reporters on Tuesday in Los Angeles .
Credit ... Reed Saxon / Associated Press
He presented himself as an antidote to partisan gridlock in Washington , suggesting that not withstanding his affiliation with the Republican Party , he brought nonpartisan government to New York .
“ When you go to Washington these days , you can feel a sense of fear in the air , the fear to do anything or say anything that might affect the polls or give the other side the advantage or offend a special interest group , ” Mr. Bloomberg said .
“ The federal government is n’t out front — it ’s cowering in the back of the room . ”
Should Mr. Bloomberg ultimately decide not to run for president or any other office , his announcement could become an interesting footnote to one of the more unusual mayoralties in a city that has produced a series of memorable mayors .
But Mr. Bloomberg ’s decision to leave the Republican Party and become an independent was immediately viewed by many of his prospective rivals as a major jolt to the presidential campaign .
Mr. Bloomberg has never shown any reluctance to use his huge personal fortune to advance his career .
He spent more than $ 150 million on his two bids for mayor , and he would have no problem financing his own presidential campaign .
What is more , Mr. Bloomberg has arguably at least as strong a claim on New York City ’s prosperity as his predecessor , Rudolph W. Giuliani , who is seeking the Republican nomination .
If Mr. Bloomberg decides to run as an independent or third - party candidate , he might find that he enjoys the benefits of New York City ’s successes without the ideological burdens that Mr. Giuliani has faced in trying to win the Republican nomination while being identified with such positions as supporting abortion , gay rights and gun control .
That said , several political analysts have argued that a third - party candidacy by Mr. Bloomberg could pose a problem for the Democratic Party .
Until he ran for mayor , Mr. Bloomberg was a lifetime Democrat , and his success in New York reflected his ability to draw Democratic votes .
Although I am generally platform agnostic , I make no secret of the fact that I am primarily a Microsoft developer .
In a way , I grew up with Microsoft -- as a teenager , I cut my programming teeth on the early microcomputer implementations of Microsoft BASIC .
And I spent much of my professional life writing Visual Basic code .
When Microsoft rebooted their programming franchise with .NET in 2003 , I was thrilled and reinvigorated , glad to finally have a viable exit strategy from the glass house that was Visual Basic .
As a developer who grew up on a steady diet of Microsoft tools , I never understood the pockets of rabid anti-Microsoft sentiment in the programming community .
To me , Microsoft was the least of all possible commercial evils , a generally benevolent dictatorship .
Humor me for a moment and imagine replacing Microsoft with one of its competitors : Sun , IBM , Oracle , or Apple .
I do n't know about you , but those alternate histories send a chill up my spine .
Yes , Microsoft is a near - monopoly , but as giant , evil monopolistic corporations go , you could do a lot worse .
Microsoft is far from perfect , but they generally do the right thing as far as I 'm concerned .
Microsoft has always been a developer - centric company to their very core .
From Steve Ballmer 's developers , developers , developers , to Bill Gates ' centerfold shot , it 's always been abundantly clear that Microsoft is a company which prides itself on taking care of its core constituency : developers .
Although I 'm still satisfied with my place in the Microsoft development universe , some developers desperately want off the Microsoft treadmill .
Mike Gunderloy is a notable example :
I 've spent the bulk of the last fifteen years developing some amount of reputation and expertise in the Microsoft universe , having published dozens of books and hundreds of articles , worked as an editor and consultant , written ( as a subcontractor ) parts of various Microsoft products , and so on .
I 'm also the editor of the Larkware site , which tracks news in the Microsoft software world for developers .
Unfortunately , over that time I 've also come to the conclusion that , even though it is staffed largely by smart and ethical people , Microsoft itself represents a grave threat to the future of software development through its increasing inclination to stifle competition through legal shenanigans .
Its recent attempt to claim that no one can implement a user interface that looks anything like the Office 2007 ribbon without licensing some nebulous piece of intellectual property represents a new low in this regard .
I 'm in a bit of a bind .
Unlike fifteen years ago , I 've got a family , including four kids , and I can't afford to just walk out on a career that brings in good money .
But I rather desperately want to find an alternative .
This blog will record some of my explorations as I hunt around in other corners of the software world , trying to decide if there 's a viable business plan for me that can include weaning myself off of Microsoft software .
Mike started a new blog , A Fresh Cup , where he 's reinventing himself as an open - source developer .
If you were wondering why the content at Larkware 's Daily Grind has degenerated so much recently ( and boy , has it ever ) , now you know .
His heart 's just not in it any more .
I can understand where Mike is coming from .
Microsoft releases new technology at a blistering pace , and keeping up -- not to mention dealing with all the obsolete baggage you 're carrying around -- is half the challenge .
Just take a look at the stack I have to install on my development machine to do development work in .NET 3.0 :
Windows Vista
Visual Studio 2005
Visual Studio 2005 Team Explorer ( source control )
Orcas Extensions for Visual Studio 2005 ( WPF & WCF project templates )
SQL Server Express SP2
Visual Studio 2005 SP1
Visual Studio 2005 SP1 Update for Vista
ASP.NET 2.0 AJAX Extensions 1.0
Expression Blend
Historically , I 've used Microsoft development environments because they made my life easier .
It 's hard to look at this list and see how it's any easier than the open source alternatives .
I also begin to look longingly at the open source developers who have been plugging away productively in Perl or Python over the last five years .
Sometimes , you wonder if choosing an environment where things change more slowly is n't a better long term evolutionary decision .
Perhaps there 's a kernel of truth in Paul Graham 's sensationalist Microsoft is Dead article : can you even name any startups that use Microsoft development tools ?
So part of me agrees with Mike .
To paraphrase Chris Rock : I 'm not saying he should have given up on Microsoft .
But I understand .
Mike 's certainly entitled to take whatever steps he deems necessary for his professional development .
Still , his attitude frustrates me , because it falls so egregiously into the stereotypical , religious love / hate dichotomy that I 've observed again and again in software developers .
You either love Microsoft and use exclusively Microsoft products , or you hate Microsoft , and you vow never to use any of their products ever again .
There 's nothing in between .
No middle ground .
Why does it have to be an all or nothing proposition ?
As far as I 'm concerned , every software developer , regardless of what 's on their tool belt , has the same goal : to craft useful computer software that delights users .
We 're allies , not enemies .
Friendly rivalry I can understand .
But the rabid partisanship that I typically see -- on both sides of the fence -- is n't helping us .
I also find that both the Microsoft community and the open - source communities are far too insular and provincial .
I had the great pleasure of meeting Miguel de Icaza at MIX this year .
Miguel is one of my heroes , as he was instrumental in bringing .NET to the world of open source with the Mono project .
What truly surprised me , though , was how few MIX attendees knew who Miguel was , despite his groundbreaking contribution to the .NET programming ecosystem .
To me , he 's famous .
A celebrity .
But because Miguel has roots in the open - source community , he barely exists to the majority of Microsoft - centric developers .
They did n't even know who he was !
And those who did recognize him had about a 50/50 chance of disliking him on principle .
As Miguel pointed out during the open source panel , he 's disliked by both camps : open - source zealots think he 's sold out to Microsoft , and Microsoft zealots think he 's destroying the value of the .NET platform .
This is wrong .
This is not the way things should be .
As a software developer , you 're doing yourself a disservice by pledging allegiance to anything other than yourself and your craft -- whether it 's Microsoft or the principle of free software .
Stop with the us vs. them mentality .
Let go of the partisanship .
We 're all in this thing together .
I 'm a pragmatist .
For now , I choose to live in the Microsoft universe .
But that does n't mean I 'm ignorant of how the other half lives .
There 's always more than one way to do it , and just because I chose one particular way does n't make it the right way -- or even a particularly good way .
Choosing to be provincial and insular is a sure - fire path to ignorance .
Learn how the other half lives .
Get to know some developers who do n't live in the exact same world you do .
Find out what tools they 're using , and why .
If , after getting your feet wet on both sides of the fence , you decide the other half is living better and you want to join them , then I bid you a fond farewell .
But either way , we 're still friends .
Others experts were quick to question the results .
The researchers could not randomly assign children to one kind of care or another ; parents chose the kind of care that suited them .
That meant there was no control group , so determining cause and effect was not possible .
And some said that measures of day care quality left out important things .
The study did not take into account employee turnover , a reality in many day care centers that can have a negative effect on children , said Marci Young , deputy director of the Center for the Child Care Workforce , which represents day care workers .
Most employees are “ egregiously underpaid and have no benefits , ” Ms. Young said , and when they leave for other work , “ children experience this as a loss , and that does have an effect on them . ”
The study , a $ 200 million project financed by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , recruited families in 10 cities from hospitals , after mothers gave birth .
The researchers regularly contacted the mothers to find out where their children were being cared for , and visited those caregivers to see how attentive and how skilled they were with the youngsters .
In 2001 , the authors reported that children who spent most of their day in care not provided by a parent were more likely to be disruptive in kindergarten .
But this effect soon vanished for all but those children who spent a significant amount of time in day care centers .
Every year spent in such centers for at least 10 hours per week was associated with a 1 percent higher score on a standardized assessment of problem behaviors completed by teachers , said Dr. Margaret Burchinal , a co-author of the study and a psychologist at the University of North Carolina .
The Children ’s Defense Fund estimates that 2.3 million American children under age 5 are in day care centers , many starting as toddlers and continuing until they enter kindergarten .
Some 4.8 million are cared for by a relative or a nanny , and 3.3 million are at home with their parents .
The study was not designed to explain why time in day care could lead to more disruptive behavior later on .
The authors and other experts argue that preschool peer groups probably influence children in different ways from one - on - one attention .
In large groups of youngsters , disruption can be as contagious as silliness , studies have found , while children can be calmed by just the sight of their own mother .
So , farewell then , Tony Blair .
“ I always did what I thought was right for the country , ”
you said .
Such as lie to it , take its soldiers to war against the will of the people ,
and reduce the prime minister ’s office to the status of America ’s poodle .
With Iraq , you taught us if Britannia ca n’t rule the waves , it can waive the rules alright .
Oh , and you did away with student grants and paved the way for a National Health Disservice .
Think back to 1997 , you said .
Really think back , you said .
What was Britain like then ?
Well , look , y’know , the Conservatives were a spent force .
Now they are fighting fit and ready to take office .
We thought you were good , Tony , not a bloody miracle - worker .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
In the short term , this modern version of a 19th century British colonial technique may actually serve to beat back the al - Qaida - related bands , as it reportedly has in Anbar province .
But in the medium term , it can only fuel the civil war that most observers expect to erupt with full fury as American and British forces pull back .
And that 's in addition to arming the largely Shia forces of the Iraqi army .
One way or another , Americans are giving Iraqis more weapons with which they can kill each other .
After yesterday 's attack on the al - Askari mosque in Samara , another round of Sunni - Shia violence must be expected .
The surge is due to be over next April .
A new president will be elected in November .
What will he or she do about it ?
Let 's start with the she .
" What I 'm trying to do now , " said Hillary Clinton in a discussion broadcast by CNN last week , " is to figure out how we get out of Iraq and how we get out as soon as possible . "
Well , that 's clear enough .
John McCain and Rudy Giuliani are talking a very different language : one of resolution , staying the course and winning the fight .
But some of their lesser - known Republican competitors have other ideas .
Senator Sam Brownback , for example , proposes partition into three states : Kurdish , Sunni and Shia .
Tommy Thompson , a former secretary of health and human services , says each of the 18 territories in Iraq should elect its own leaders , " and if they do so , the Shias will elect Shias , Sunnis will elect Sunnis , Kurds will elect Kurds .
And you know something ?
People will go to those particular territories , and you get rid of this civil war . "
Get rid of it by ethnic cleansing , that is .
On the ground in Iraq , the bright ideas of distant politicians can be written out in blood .
McCain himself sees and warns against this .
" You would have to divide bedrooms in Baghdad , " he says , " because Sunni and Shia are married to each other . "
If the United States followed Brownback 's proposal , " you [ would ] withdraw to the borders and watch genocide take place inside Baghdad " .
But it may yet come to that , even if it is only to the Green Zone that US troops withdraw - and McCain has not convincingly told us how he would prevent it .
Already there are hundreds of thousands of Iraqi dead , wounded and bereaved .
An estimated 2 million Iraqis have fled the country and another 2 million are internally displaced .
It can hardly get worse , we say .
Then it does .
I hope very much that I am wrong , but it now seems likely that future historians will see Iraq as an American defeat as big as that in Vietnam , though different in kind .
It 's not yet , and may never be , a case of the helicopters taking off from the flat roof of the embassy in Baghdad - as happened in Saigon - but it 's already something tragic and pitiful .
The most powerful military in the history of humankind , with a total budget now in the order of $ 500bn a year , is reduced to handing out arms to local brigands in a desperate attempt to halt the spread of violence and anarchy .
Thereby it piles up more tinder for future violence and anarchy .
President Bush 's new coordinator for Iraq and Afghanistan , Lieutenant General Douglas Lute - " pronounced LOOT " , a White House handout helpfully explains - says that the two countries " represent what we in the military call the main effort in the long war " .
This notion of " the long war " is now official doctrine , enshrined in Pentagon reviews and the president 's 2006 state of the union address , and quietly supplanting the post - 9/11 " war on terror " .
Yet Lute himself emphasised three main points about Iraq in his confirmation hearing before the US senate : there is no purely military solution ; there is no purely American solution ; and the solution can be found only in the context of the region .
No one knows better than the intelligent soldier the limits of what soldiers can do .
However , the logic of Lute 's argument needs to be taken a step further .
Rather than " the long war " we should talk about " the long struggle " , a term suggested by Bruce Berkowitz in a recent article in the journal Policy Review .
The term " struggle " rather than " war " emphasises still more clearly Lute 's point that this is not to be won solely or even mainly by military means .
As Berkowitz writes : " Military power will be important , but soft power - American culture and international commerce - will , over time , have a greater effect in defeating or transforming our adversaries . "
Against whom is this long struggle directed ?
Mainly against a new wave of international terrorism , often inspired by extreme , jihadist versions of Islam , though also by other grievances ; and characterised by the readiness to use suicide bombing and the exploitation of growing possibilities for asymmetric warfare against even the most technologically sophisticated army in the world .
Not the least part of the tragedy of the Iraq war and occupation is that it has , in manifold ways , fuelled the flames of international terrorism that it was meant to extinguish .
The challenge was there well before Iraq ; if one has to give this new wave a starting date , one might go back to the Iranian Islamic revolution of 1979 .
But Iraq has made it worse .
This may not be the biggest challenge the world faces in the early decades of this century - climate change and ensuring that the " peaceful rise " of China remains peaceful are arguably bigger ones - but it is real and nasty enough .
What would be victory in this struggle ?
Nothing so clear - cut as victory in an old - fashioned , conventional war .
It would be more like what happened with earlier waves of terrorism , whether anarchist in the early years of the 20th century , anti-colonial in mid-century , or left - revolutionary in the 1970s .
No enemy is defeated on a field of battle , but the diffuse threat is gradually contained and eroded .
Britain 's official anti-terrorism strategy defines the aim thus : " to reduce the risk from international terrorism , so that people can go about their daily lives freely and with confidence " .
That cautious , even pedestrian , formulation would not do for the ending of any western , but it 's exactly what we need .
One other conclusion follows from this analysis - one even the most intelligent general would be reluctant to spell out .
To help win this long struggle , the United States needs to take a whole chunk of that $ 500bn from the military and spend it in other ways .
Now which of the presidential candidates will step forward to propose that ?
www.timothygartonash.com
Why there is Only One Truly Successful
Professional Women's Sport
For the first time in history , this year 's Wimbledon Championships will award equal monetary prizes to the winners of the Men 's and Women 's tournaments .
This may seem like it was an easy decision for the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club .
However , keep in mind that professional women tennis players have received inferior awards to men players at Wimbledon since the very first championship matches were held in 1884 .
The women 's champion that year received a flower basket made of silver that was worth 20 guineas , while the men's champion was awarded a gold prize worth 30 guineas .
This decision by Wimbledon not only brings the famous tournament in line with the other Grand Slam tennis tournaments , but also is one more indication that tennis is the only professional women 's sport that has become as successful as its male counterpart .
What about Recognizable Faces ?
With all the attention a few select female sports figures have received in the past couple years , you may beg to differ .
Oh sure , Danica Patrick has been on a recent cover of Time Magazine , and Laila Ali is following her famous father 's footsteps into the professional boxing ring .
But , how many women athletes , professional and amateur , choose to make their living climbing into million dollar race cars or punching other women in the face .
Not So Equal Pay Moving beyond the notoriety factor , you may counter that a lot of professional women golfers earn hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of dollars each year .
Which is a true statement , given that the total prize money being awarded in 2007 on the Ladies Professional Golf Tour ( LPGA ) is more than $ 54 million , and the current leading female golfer , Lorena Ochoa , earned just over $ 2.5 million in 2006 .
However , the total prize money for the Men's Professional Golf Tour ( PGA ) is well over $ 300 million , and the top male golfer , Tiger Woods , earned just about $ 10 million in 2006 tournament winnings .
So , even in this popular sport that features well known tournaments and recognizable players , there exists a huge disparity in potential prize money and annual earnings between the sexes .
More Media Exposure
This leads back to the argument that tennis is the only truly successful professional women 's sport .
In addition to equal awards for both men and women , the sport receives equal media coverage for both sexes .
This may have to do with the fact that tennis is one of the few sports in which women and men compete in the same event at the same time .
Even so , no professional women 's sport other than tennis , including basketball and golf , receives national and international media coverage equal to their male counterpart .
In addition , there are just as many advertising dollars going towards the sponsorship of women 's tennis matches as there are for men's matches .
Marketing Endorsements
This brings - up another point .
Women tennis players are currently much more sought after by Madison Avenue than male tennis players .
This was n't always the case .
John McEnroe , Jimmy Connors , and Andre Agassi were advertising spokesmen for multitudes of products back in their prime .
However , Maria Sharapova earned more than $ 19 million in salary and endorsements in 2006 ; while the no current leading male tennis professional even approached the endorsements earned last year by Serena Williams ( $ 10 million ) or Venus Williams ( $ 7 million ) .
In addition , the July 2 , 2007 issue of Forbes magazine reports that Roger Federer , who has won three Grand Slam tournament titles for the second time in three years , has earned a total of $ 29 million this year .
This is slightly more than the $ 23 million that Maria Sharapova has earned , and she has only won two Grand Slams .
Give
Me the Reason
So , why has professional women 's tennis been able to achieve a level of national and international success that other female sports have not ?
One reason is the fact that there is almost equal participation by males and females across the country .
Of the current 11 million regular tennis players in the United States , 6 million are male and 5 million are female .
This means that the audience for professional tennis in the United States is fairly close to split down the middle .
There are , however , two other ( not so obvious ) reasons to consider .
The first is that tennis is accessible .
Unlike golf courses , tennis courts can be found at most high schools , public parks , health clubs , and recreation centers .
Young women can easily participate in recreational tennis matches , and thus pick - up an appreciation for the sport very early in life .
Ask yourself , how many girls have access to golf courses , boxing rings , or race cars .
Most Important Factor Professional women 's tennis rivals professional men's tennis in terms of tournament awards , annual earnings , media exposure , and endorsement opportunities .
The most important reason for this is the fact that female tennis players are just like you and me .
You can argue that professional women 's basketball has a lot of the speed and excitement of professional women 's tennis .
However , most of the top WNBA players are exceptionally tall women .
Size matters in women 's sports such as basketball and volleyball .
Tennis can be mastered by women through commitment , effort , and talent .
It 's not a sport where by the tallest , biggest , or strongest athlete has inherent advantages .
We enjoy sports that reward merit .
We also enjoy watching individuals just like us excel in very exciting competition .
This is why tennis has become the one truly successful female sport in the 21st Century .
Different areas use different measures for anti-social behaviour
Conservative MP Edward Leigh said anti-social behaviour in England and Wales was costing £ 3.4bn a year .
The public accounts committee said the Home Office had not researched which anti-social behaviour measures brought in since 1997 were most effective .
But the government said tackling the problem remained " a top priority " .
Home Office Minister Tony McNulty said : " We have equipped local authorities , the police and other agencies with unprecedented tools and powers to deal with perpetrators .
The department should pull itself together
Edward Leigh
Public Accounts Committee
" The recent Local Government User Satisfaction Survey shows that in 94 % of local authority areas the public 's perception of anti-social behaviour fell significantly between 2003 / 4 and 2005 / 6 .
" But we are not complacent and will study the report closely . "
However , the Tories said Labour had ignored the problems behind anti-social behaviour .
Speaking as the committee 's report on tackling anti-social behaviour was published , Mr Leigh said anti-social behaviour after dark ranged from " drunken skylarking and intimidation to out - and - out criminal activity " .
He said the Home Office " has not done any work nationwide to find out which ones work best " among the " barrage " of measures available .
" We need to try to head off a new generation of persistent offenders by directing appropriate support at families whose youngsters are at risk of falling into anti-social behaviour , " Mr Leigh said .
The committee had questioned the Home Office and its Respect Taskforce about 893 cases of anti-social behaviour interventions reviewed by the National Audit Office .
Persistent offenders
The committee criticised the Home Office for not assessing what methods worked well on which groups of offenders .
For example , the National Audit Office found that " a simple and cheap warning letter " often deterred further bad behaviour " for many tearaways " .
But for " a hard - core of persistent offenders ... Asbos [ are ] part and parcel of its way of life and to be shrugged off accordingly " .
" Enforcement action against these people must be absolutely rigorous and , where they persist in their breaches of orders , there should be no hesitation in bringing prosecutions , cases should also be considered for referral to the Crown Court which can impose custodial sentences , " the committee said .
Saying " the department should pull itself together " , it also criticised the Home Office for providing " duff information " to the National Audit Office about perceptions around the country of anti-social behaviour .
The committee said perceptions varied by gender , area and age , with people most likely to perceive high levels in areas of greatest social deprivation .
Shadow home secretary David Davis said : " This failure comes about because Labour 's approach has been to get the headline and ignore the problem .
" They go on about the record number of Asbos given out whilst ignoring the fact that nearly two - thirds are breached . "
The FBI : Now Losing Fewer Laptops
According to a new report , the FBI has lost 160 laptops , including at least ten with classified information , in the past four years .
But it ’s not all bad news :
The results are an improvement on findings in a similar audit in 2002 , which reported that 354 weapons and 317 laptops were lost or stolen at the FBI over about two years .
They follow the high - profile losses last year of laptops containing personal information from the Veterans Administration and the Internal Revenue Service .
In a statement yesterday , FBI Assistant Director John Miller emphasized that the report showed “ significant progress in decreasing the rate of loss for weapons and laptops ” at the FBI .
The average number of laptops or guns that went missing dropped from about 12 per month to four per month for each category , according to the report .
The FBI : Now losing fewer laptops !
Posted on February 16 , 2007 at 12:14 PM • 24 Comments
The Best and Worst of 1994 and Predictions for ' 95
Best in Net Entertainment :
Nethack .
A dungeon - exploration game to which even non-Dungeons and Dragons fanatics can become addicted .
Every adventure game has monsters and magic items , but Nethack has so many monsters , magic items , puzzling situations , and amazing secrets that you 'll completely forget about the ASCII graphics .
It 's the most complex and thought - intensive adventure you 'll experience on the Net ( to access Nethack , FTP to linc.cis.upenn.edu /pub/NH3.1/binaries ; also read rec.games.roguelike.nethack ) .
Diplomacy .
Avalon
Hill 's board game Diplomacy is a classic that fits the Internet like a hand in a glove , and that 's why there are zillions of e-mail games going on as we speak ; not to mention discussion groups , Gopher sites , Web pages , and quite a few utilities .
Modern - day Machiavellis will find their electronic home right here ( in rec.games.diplomacy ) .
The Internet Chess Server .
Always near to bursting with activity , you 're guaranteed to find a chess mate of your skill level .
Brush the cobwebs off your game or challenge a grandmaster .
I personally keep a physical chess board handy so I can better visualize the game ( to access , telnet to ics.onenet. net 5000 ) .
This Just In .
Every week , Randy Cassingham rounds up the strangest news events he can find ; from bumbled bank robberies around the world to humorously bad decisions on the part of the world 's leaders , politicians , and CEOs .
He then throws in a line or two of hysterically funny , ironic commentary and mails the whole thing to thousands of his closest friends around the world .
The arrival of This Just
In in my mailbox always brightens my day .
To subscribe , send a message to listserv@netcom.com with " subscribe this - just - in " in the message body .
alt.fan.cecil-adams .
Cecil Adams is an acerbic and funny know - it - all , and author of The Straight Dope , a syndicated column in which he spreads his wisdom , answering amazingly varied questions from readers .
The alt .
fan.cecil - adams group is where Cecil ( through his assistant Ed Zotti ) posts his weekly column , and where would - be Cecils ponder the mysteries of the universe .
Less chaotic than alt .
folklore.urban , and just as entertaining .
LambdaMOO .
You 're probably sick of hearing how great LambdaMOO is , particularly if you have n't been able to log on because of overcrowding .
Sorry .
Fact is , there 's so much going on here , and Lambda is so darned addictive , how could I leave it off a " best of " list ?
If you can squeeze through the door , check it out by telnetting to lambda.parc.xerox.com 8888 .
alt.flame and alt.bitterness .
I know I 'm only asking for trouble here .
But the entertainment value of these groups eludes me , and the die - hard seriousness with which the regulars go at each other really gives me the creeps .
I 've learned to stay away .
Jeopardy .
I 'm glad the IRC gaming channels are popular , but the #jeopardy channel is usually so crowded the game becomes a typing race rather than a trivia game .
Maybe the newer game channels ( #outburst and # boggle ) will alleviate some of the crowding .
The TSR / Diku flap .
TSR wants to protect its popular Dungeons and Dragons trademarks .
Fair enough .
The gamers want to be left alone to play on the DikuMUDs .
Also fair enough .
The problem is , the DikuMUDs may violate some of TSR 's trademarks , and the result is the collision of two immovable objects .
I personally can't wait for this legal snake pit to get itself resolved .
Find out about DikuMUDs in rec.games .diku .
E-wrestling .
The game for people who find tic - tac - toe too thought - intensive .
You control a wrestler , and you e-mail your move ( " Head lock " ) to the adjudicator .
So does your opponent .
The judge decides what happens , writes up a report , and mails it to everyone involved .
There 's no strategy , not too many rules , and it makes as much sense as " real " professional wrestling .
The organization of the World - Wide Web .
I love the Web , but finding something specific on it is a nightmare .
And because the Web is growing by leaps and bounds , I just do n't see things getting easier anytime soon .
Best :
Mercury Site : Remote tele - excavation via the Web .
An interdisciplinary team at the University of Southern California has made available Mercury Site , a World - Wide Web server that allows users to tele - operate a robot arm over the Net .
Users view the environment surrounding the arm via a sequence of live images taken by a digital camera mounted on a commercial robot arm .
The robot is positioned over a terrain filled with sand .
A pneumatic system , also mounted on the robot , allows users to direct short bursts of compressed air into the sand at selected points .
Thus , users can " excavate " regions in the sand by positioning the arm , delivering a burst of air , and viewing the newly cleared region .
To operate the robot , you 'll need an Ethernet link and a WWW client that handles forms .
Have a blast at http://www.usc.edu/dept/raiders.
University of Virginia Curry School of Education 's Instructional Technology Program has introduced an interactive frog dissection program .
The tutorial combines text with 60 in - line color images and 17 QuickTime movies illustrating dissection procedures and internal organs .
Numerous clickable image maps provide interactive practice .
Research with pre-Web versions of the program suggests it is a valuable preparation tool or even a useful substitute for laboratory dissection .
Take a peek at http://curry.edschool.virginia.edu/~insttech/frog.
The Imaging and Distributed Computing Group of Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory has created an interactive forms - based frog dissection kit .
Images of the frog from various views , and in various stages of dissection , are generated on the fly based on parameters set by the user .
Hop over to http://george.lbl.gov/ITG.hm.pg.docs/dissect/info.htm.
Best public display / demo of the Internet : The Shoemaker - Levy comet vs. the planet Jupiter
Funniest Usenet posts : The April 1 " Warning about make.money.fast "
Usenet posting to news .
important by FBI Agent Purvis Mike Jittlov 's make .
money .fast parody Joel Furr 's " Ultimate Spam Cliché " parody posting
Niftiest / wackiest World - Wide Web sites : The Confession Booth ( http://anther.learning.cs.cmu.edu/priest.html)
Remote Robot Arm ( http://telerobot.mech.uwa.edu.au)
Niftiest Gopher menu/ site : Kevin's Prairie Town ( Gopher to bluesky.usask.ca )
Best new Unix command - line client and funniest help messages : NcFTP by Mike Gleason
Best new break - the - paradigm Internet software : TIA ( The Internet Adapter ) from Cyberspace Development Corp .
Pipeline from James Gleick and the gang
Best booth concept by an Internet vendor : Sandsculpture ( InterCon , at NetWorld + Interop 94 in Atlanta )
Best workarounds for non-SLIP users : pine ( mail program supporting MIME ) Lynx ( ASCII Web browser that enables downloading saved files for local viewing )
Best song : " Ballad of Om and TYG "
Hero of the Net award : The Norwegian cancelbot launcher
Best Usenet thread : Follow - ups to " Global Warning " in dozens of Usenet groups Usenet Zero Hour in rec.arts.comics.misc
Most awesome thing I downloaded : Doom , of course
Worst spams : Green Card Lottery Air Force fugitive GIF
Disaster Relief .
We saw the best of Internet users when they pulled together to help each other through several natural disasters in 1994 .
The year brought floods , earthquakes , and other major tragedies .
Almost immediately following each of these events ,
Net users gathered around their terminals and formed newsgroups to relay information and help the afflicted .
Most memorable perhaps was the response to the Los Angeles earthquake in January .
Mailing lists ( la- quake ) were created without delay .
Los Angeles users immediately posted offers to make telephone calls to friends and relatives in the area because incoming phone calls from outside of L.A. were not possible in the initial hours following the disaster .
With every aftershock came a posting from people in the Los Angeles area letting the rest of us know how strong the shock had been and what further damage had occurred .
There were many touching and unforgettable postings that tell the rest of the story .
One that really stands out in my mind was from a family who posted asking for someone to contact their grandmother in an apartment building in L.A .
" We heard on the news that her building has had severe damage and we are very worried , " the message said .
A couple of hours later , a reply came that said , " I could n't get through to your grandmother , so I went to the apartment building and found her .
The building did n't hold up very well , but your grandmother did .
She 's fine and wants you to contact the rest of your family and let them know .
She 'll call you as soon as she can . "
You could almost feel the hugs coming right through the screen .
The proliferation of the World - Wide Web .
Unlike other areas of the Net , once you access the Web , it makes no difference whether you 're a new user or an old pro .
The Web graciously accommodates all .
I remember the first time I saw a URL address : http://www.something.something.something.
" Ugh , " I moaned .
" A whole new language I have to learn ?
I was just getting the hang of Unix ! "
I immediately resigned myself to the fact that this might be the end of my days in cyberspace .
The Net had become somewhat of a runaway locomotive and I was the woman running behind it , screaming for the conductor to please wait !
Then suddenly it all came together .
A Net guru friend told me about Lynx .
" All you have to do , " he said , " is type the word ' lynx ' at your Unix prompt , and presto !
You 're into the Web . "
That weekend I spent about eight hours a day exploring .
I quickly found out that you could access all your favorite telnet , FTP , and Gopher sites from the Web , as well as tons of resources you would never find anywhere else on the Net .
My cyberlife had changed forever .
The way I figure it , the arachnid family ( I speak of spiders , of course ) have had the right idea all along .
Spin a Web , then use it to capture the best of the best .
How do you spin your Web ?
Type " lynx " at your Unix prompt or load other Web browsers such as Mosaic .
You 'll find the best of ' 94 at your fingertips !
Worst :
There 's not much that 's bad on the Net , but because cyberspace does imitate life , we should n't be surprised that in 1994 some less - than - desirable material showed its insolent face .
Pick any tragic event and you can probably recall seeing a newsgroup that taunted its seriousness .
There was alt . tonya - harding .
whack .
whack .
whack .
Then we had alt.lorena.bobitt.chop.chop.chop .
And no , I have n't forgotten alt.oj-simpson.drive.faster .
Expect to see more of this in ' 95 .
But do n't despair , the flamers are out in force , scorching away at those who abuse the Net , and working to make the Information Highway more like real life , where all is good and nary an offensive word is spoken .
Mike Godwin
( mnemonic@eff.org )
Best :
The Power Macintosh
The Digital Telephony bill
The Clipper Chip FIPS ( Federal Information Processing Standard )
Obscenity prosecutions of BBSs
Media hysteria about e-mail stalking and the threat to children on the Internet
There will be a concerted effort by the U.S. Congress to regulate content on the Internet .
Best :
Best visual collection : " Welcome to the Planets . "
The best images from NASA .
Surprisingly , the time it takes to download the images is not terribly bad .
( http://stardust.jpl.nasa.gov/planets/ )
Best almost - like - being - there site : " Paris . "
Tres bon !
A well - presented voyage through the city of lights .
( http://meteora.ucsd.edu:80/~norman/paris)
Best interactive site : " Telerobot " awaits your next command .
You control a robotic arm that manipulates objects in Australia .
( http://telerobot.mech.uwa.edu.au)
Best product site : " Lego . "
Need I say more ?
( http://legowww.itek.norut.no)
Best hotlist : " Justin's Links From The Underground . "
Where else on the Net can you find the Ollie North page ?
( http://sccs.swarthmore.edu/jahal/index.html)
Best personal event : Getting my SLIP connection going .
I can see clearly now .
Worst Usenet newsgroup : alt.fondle.vomit .
I 'll probably get complaints from militant wretchers , but do we really need this ?
Worst e-mail received : " Found your name on Gopher .
How do I read files ? "
Yes , this is a true story , and yes , it was an AOL user .
Worst event : Canter & Siegel spam the Net .
Not what they did , but the fact that anyone still cares to talk about it .
Worst Internet omen : Home Shopping Channel joins the Internet .
Worst personal event : Trying to get my SLIP connection going .
Yeah , sure , " just load the software and hit ' run . ' "
A World - Wide Web add - on , whereby category and file size can be assessed prior to file transfer , will be proposed .
Software that handles virtually all network functions via one seamless interface will emerge and begin to dominate the commercial Internet marketplace .
Internet access via ISDN will see a massive growth spurt .
A protocol will be developed for smaller interest groups to form larger common - interest federations .
UFOs will make contact with the Internet .
Best :
Media coverage .
Sure , some of that coverage seems clueless , and some of it focuses ; foolishly , but not surprisingly ; on the seedier side of the Net ( such as pornography and electronic stalkers ) .
But 1994 saw the Internet finally hit the mainstr eam .
Time and Newsweek now routinely print letters received through e-mail , and more importantly , it 's no longer a novelty .
The coverage in magazines on the supermarket check - out line has helped make the other " best " things possible .
Sure , some of that coverage seems clueless , and some of it focuses ; foolishly , but not surprisingly ; on the seedier side of the Net ( such as pornography and electronic stalkers ) .
But 1994 saw the Internet finally hit the mainstr eam .
Time and Newsweek now routinely print letters received through e-mail , and more importantly , it 's no longer a novelty .
The coverage in magazines on the supermarket check - out line has helped make the other " best " things possible .
On - line shopping .
The other best sign that the Net has hit the mainstream .
Flowers , pizza , condoms , lobsters , books , music , and more are available , with other products sure to follow .
Small companies can now have the same presence as larger ones .
Who cares what neighborhood that bookstore is in ?
The other best sign that the Net has hit the mainstream .
Flowers , pizza , condoms , lobsters , books , music , and more are available , with other products sure to follow .
Small companies can now have the same presence as larger ones .
Who cares what neighborhood that bookstore is in ?
No more secrets .
With more and more people on - line around the world , it 's hard for anyone to get away with anything .
Sure , a lot of things make their appearance in alt .
conspiracies , but the Net has finally come into its own as a news source for the masses .
It 's no longer strange to hear , " I heard on the Net that Paul 's going to have an affair on ' Mad About You . ' "
With more and more people on - line around the world , it 's hard for anyone to get away with anything .
Sure , a lot of things make their appearance in alt .
conspiracies , but the Net has finally come into its own as a news source for the masses .
It 's no longer strange to hear , " I heard on the Net that Paul 's going to have an affair on ' Mad About You . ' "
New providers , more products , and more books .
The Internet is proof that capitalism works , and never has that been shown more than in 1994 .
Big companies like Netcom and AlterNet compete with local providers like Panix , Pipeline , and the Well .
Consumers have more choices than ever in access providers , software , and reading material .
As usual , the best succeeded and the rest are ending up on the bargain shelf .
Government intervention .
They ruined the railroads and the phone companies , and now they 're after the Internet .
It works like this : Something is good , and private companies are selling it and making it work .
The government decides it's a " right , " and subsidizes one of those private companies to give it to people who can't afford it .
The subsidized company soon runs the competition out of business and becomes a sponsored , sanctioned monopoly .
The process has started with the Internet under the guise of " making the Information Superhighway available to everyone . "
It may sound good at first , but it 's a bad idea .
We may look back at 1994 as the beginning of the end of the high - quality Net .
They ruined the railroads and the phone companies , and now they 're after the Internet .
It works like this : Something is good , and private companies are selling it and making it work .
The government decides it's a " right , " and subsidizes one of those private companies to give it to people who can't afford it .
The subsidized company soon runs the competition out of business and becomes a sponsored , sanctioned monopoly .
The process has started with the Internet under the guise of " making the Information Superhighway available to everyone . "
It may sound good at first , but it 's a bad idea .
We may look back at 1994 as the beginning of the end of the high - quality Net. America Online .
It let its users onto the Net with only the barest bit of training or preparation .
It provided software that made it difficult for even the most savvy user to behave with proper netiquette .
But the worst offense is that AOL , like other major on - line services , is taking from the Internet without giving back .
Major providers like Alternet , Netcom , and PSI not only put users on the Net , they make available Gopher servers , FTP - able files , and other resources .
AOL , CompuServe , and Prodigy are only just beginning to do that , and to be proper net.citizens they must make more substance available to the rest of the Net .
It let its users onto the Net with only the barest bit of training or preparation .
It provided software that made it difficult for even the most savvy user to behave with proper netiquette .
But the worst offense is that AOL , like other major on - line services , is taking from the Internet without giving back .
Major providers like Alternet , Netcom , and PSI not only put users on the Net , they make available Gopher servers , FTP - able files , and other resources .
AOL , CompuServe , and Prodigy are only just beginning to do that , and to be proper net.citizens they must make more substance available to the rest of the Net. Canter and Siegel .
A cheap shot , true , but still one of the worst events of 1994 .
It 's more than simply the fact that they annoyed a few million users in more than 100 countries without showing remorse .
The almost - disbarred - from - Tennessee lawyers gave the idea to others , and made people see marketing and sales opportunities that simply do n't exist .
A cheap shot , true , but still one of the worst events of 1994 .
It 's more than simply the fact that they annoyed a few million users in more than 100 countries without showing remorse .
The almost - disbarred - from - Tennessee lawyers gave the idea to others , and made people see marketing and sales opportunities that simply do n't exist .
Zealots .
They 're the people who have decided that they have the right to regulate ; with threats or force if necessary ; what is available on the Net .
Cancelbot wars .
As spamming and the spam - killing cancelbots become more widespread , people will find their Usenet News messages canceled by someone who simply does n't like them .
Cancelbot software will spread , as people begin editing out opposing views and unfriendly ideas .
As spamming and the spam - killing cancelbots become more widespread , people will find their Usenet News messages canceled by someone who simply does n't like them .
Cancelbot software will spread , as people begin editing out opposing views and unfriendly ideas .
More secrets .
With more and more commerce being conducted through the Net , encryption will become necessary and common .
Clipper will die , and something like PGP or ViaCrypt will be used by most people and businesses .
With more and more commerce being conducted through the Net , encryption will become necessary and common .
Clipper will die , and something like PGP or ViaCrypt will be used by most people and businesses .
Two new standards ; the first for dial - in users , the second for commerce .
Whether it 's a SLIP or PPP process that all access providers will adopt , we 'll see easy access in easy - to - use products .
A standard also will emerge for secure monetary transactions , using some form of encryption , that will make people comfortable sending credit - card information over the wire .
Whether it 's a SLIP or PPP process that all access providers will adopt , we 'll see easy access in easy - to - use products .
A standard also will emerge for secure monetary transactions , using some form of encryption , that will make people comfortable sending credit - card information over the wire .
More bandwidth .
A new transmission medium will be announced that offers a many - fold increase in speed and savings over the current offerings .
An entirely new hardware technology will emerge that will eventually replace the T - 3 and fiber - optic lines that carry much of the Net 's traffic .
Why ?
Because it must .
The Net is overloaded as it is , and necessity has always been the mother of invention .
Watch Bell Labs .
A new transmission medium will be announced that offers a many - fold increase in speed and savings over the current offerings .
An entirely new hardware technology will emerge that will eventually replace the T - 3 and fiber - optic lines that carry much of the Net 's traffic .
Why ?
Because it must .
The Net is overloaded as it is , and necessity has always been the mother of invention .
Watch Bell Labs .
Smart searches .
The first intelligent agent software packages will emerge , allowing Net users to ask for a specific piece of information like " What is the population of Fiji ? " or " How far is Saturn from the Sun ? "
An agent will go out on the Net , find the information , and return it without the user knowing the source .
Best :
( See Kevin 's " Odds n' Ends : Best Hookups , Best Practical Jokes , and Best FAQs , " which follow " Best Education Resources " in this issue . )
Predictions :
Within the next three years , everyone from AT& T to Sony to your cable company will offer on - line dating , electronic gambling , video on demand , and role - playing games via a set - top box .
That 's the Information Superhighway everyone wants !
In five years , prices on those set - top boxes will drop dramatically as vendors learn that their services are way too expensive and that people do n't like getting information from their TVs .
Ever heard of VideoTex ?
No ?
My point exactly .
In five - and - a - half years , when people still are n't buying set - top boxes , vendors will realize that it was n't because of high prices , rather that people do n't want to gamble , date , or watch videos " on demand . "
The Information Superhighway as delivered via set - top boxes will die forever ; a good idea gone awry ( gone the way of Betamax ) ; unless someone figures out what people really want , such as the ability to search reference works , participate in distance learning , search the holdings at the local library , and practice electronic democracy .
None of the set - top cable services will ever replace the Internet .
Best :
The critical - mass factor .
The number of people now reachable via e-mail on the Internet has grown so large that anyone who is n't connected knows they 're missing a good thing .
Before , I had to argue with people about whether or not to join a public e-mail system .
Now people take an Internet e-mail address for granted .
This was the year that just about everyone finally realized they had to get wired to stay competitive .
The Internet is n't just for nerds anymore .
The number of people now reachable via e-mail on the Internet has grown so large that anyone who is n't connected knows they 're missing a good thing .
Before , I had to argue with people about whether or not to join a public e-mail system .
Now people take an Internet e-mail address for granted .
This was the year that just about everyone finally realized they had to get wired to stay competitive .
The Internet is n't just for nerds anymore .
New browsers .
Finally , there are commercial - quality browsers with fewer bugs than Mosaic , especially EInet 's WinWeb and MacWeb , which hit the market this year .
NCSA Mosaic is great for still shots in Wired and The New York Times , but it crashes and burns far too often .
The world needed someone with an economic incentive to write a good browser , and we can see plenty of contenders at the starting line already .
The coming year will be a great one for World - Wide Web browsers .
Finally , there are commercial - quality browsers with fewer bugs than Mosaic , especially EInet 's WinWeb and MacWeb , which hit the market this year .
NCSA Mosaic is great for still shots in Wired and The New York Times , but it crashes and burns far too often .
The world needed someone with an economic incentive to write a good browser , and we can see plenty of contenders at the starting line already .
The coming year will be a great one for World - Wide Web browsers .
TCP / IP for free for everyone .
Both Apple and Microsoft announced that in the next major release of their operating systems , TCP / IP will be built - in and ready to rock - and - roll .
Now the only major holdouts are Digital 's OpenVMS and IBM's VM .
Are you listening ?
All data are Mosaic .
What is it about the World - Wide Web that makes everyone want to stick 100 - K pictures on their home pages ?
Add that to the incredible inefficiencies and poor designs of the Gopher and HTTP ( WWW ) protocols and we see another generation of computing resources torpedoed by the enthusiasm and poor programming of graduate students .
The great CIX debate .
How is it possible that an organization with as great a charter as the Commercial Internet Exchange ( CIX ) could get so mired in politics , poor PR , and petty infighting ?
Normally we would n't care , but CIX has become increasingly important as a core traffic - carrying part of the Internet , and we can't afford to have grownups acting irresponsibly with our bandwidth .
Fortunately , the NAPs ( network access points ) give us a way out , but it 's going to get uglier before it gets prettier .
Dickens had it right when he noted that it was the best of times and worst of times .
Instead of two cities , however , we 're talking about the Internet .
This past year on the Net was quite a roller coaster of events , and the next 12 months will undoubtedly be the same , only more so !
With this in mind , I offer my list of 11 events that are not only both the best and worst events of the past twelve months , but are predictions for the future .
You can decide for yourself whether they 're predominantly good or bad .
The World - Wide Web .
It 's everyone 's answer to everything , but it 's only barely able to work for a tiny subset of the Internet community .
Twenty million people trying to find their ideal home page by wandering around ?
Yet without a doubt it 's light years ahead of the rest of the Internet services , with pictures , movie clips , audio , multiple typefaces , and more .
It 's everyone 's answer to everything , but it 's only barely able to work for a tiny subset of the Internet community .
Twenty million people trying to find their ideal home page by wandering around ?
Yet without a doubt it 's light years ahead of the rest of the Internet services , with pictures , movie clips , audio , multiple typefaces , and more .
Gopher .
The lower - profile poor cousin from outta town , the media has been so absorbed in the publishing potential of Mosaic that it has n't noticed the continued , and dramatic , growth of this easier - to - use ; albeit less visually sexy ; alternative .
One key difference : I can always find what I want in Gopherspace with only a step or two .
The lower - profile poor cousin from outta town , the media has been so absorbed in the publishing potential of Mosaic that it has n't noticed the continued , and dramatic , growth of this easier - to - use ; albeit less visually sexy ; alternative .
One key difference : I can always find what I want in Gopherspace with only a step or two .
Commerce on the Internet .
Whether it 's junk e-mail or inappropriate postings to your favorite Usenet group , commercial ventures are here to stay and are finding the Internet a pretty pleasant place to do business .
The good news is that we 're the pioneers of this medium and we get to help sculpt it into something we like .
The bad news is that some people just are n't listening .
Can you really get rich quick , after all ?
Whether it 's junk e-mail or inappropriate postings to your favorite Usenet group , commercial ventures are here to stay and are finding the Internet a pretty pleasant place to do business .
The good news is that we 're the pioneers of this medium and we get to help sculpt it into something we like .
The bad news is that some people just are n't listening .
Can you really get rich quick , after all ?
America Online .
It 's the plague of the newbies !
Or is it a breath of fresh air ; a large community of people that bring their own set of interests and expectations to a huge , but too - insular community ?
If only the AOL software made it clearer when users were sending mail versus posting to a Usenet group .
It 's the plague of the newbies !
Or is it a breath of fresh air ; a large community of people that bring their own set of interests and expectations to a huge , but too - insular community ?
If only the AOL software made it clearer when users were sending mail versus posting to a Usenet group .
Signature advertisements .
Everyone said , " You ca n't advertise on the Net , " but no one really thought about those innocuous four lines at the bottom of each posting : the .signature .
Does it violate the spirit of the noncommercial culture ?
The last twelve months have seen a definite transition from cute quotes to advertising hype .
What happens when graphics can be included and viewed by the majority ?
Everyone said , " You ca n't advertise on the Net , " but no one really thought about those innocuous four lines at the bottom of each posting : the .signature .
Does it violate the spirit of the noncommercial culture ?
The last twelve months have seen a definite transition from cute quotes to advertising hype .
What happens when graphics can be included and viewed by the majority ?
Faster modems .
Here 's a classic good / bad issue :
Is it a good thing that more people can connect faster to the Internet ; sending and receiving more information ?
You decide , but a word of advice :
Get a faster modem yourself , too .
Here 's a classic good / bad issue :
Is it a good thing that more people can connect faster to the Internet ; sending and receiving more information ?
You decide , but a word of advice :
Get a faster modem yourself , too .
SLIP and PPP and the Web .
All right , it 's cool stuff , but does everyone need to spend the money each month to get a faster connection ?
Easier - to - use graphical interfaces are a definite boon , but do they really need to have a SLIP or PPP connection underneath ?
I do n't think so , but everyone else does .
All right , it 's cool stuff , but does everyone need to spend the money each month to get a faster connection ?
Easier - to - use graphical interfaces are a definite boon , but do they really need to have a SLIP or PPP connection underneath ?
I do n't think so , but everyone else does .
Hostility and rudeness .
This one 's a bit of a ringer .
Part of Internet culture is people being rude and unforgiving of new people who might make silly gaffes .
I can see that as a good and bad thing .
Is the existing culture so wonderful that change would n't improve it ?
Ca n't we be more pleasant and tolerant of others ?
Ca n't we all just get along ?
This one 's a bit of a ringer .
Part of Internet culture is people being rude and unforgiving of new people who might make silly gaffes .
I can see that as a good and bad thing .
Is the existing culture so wonderful that change would n't improve it ?
Ca n't we be more pleasant and tolerant of others ?
Ca n't we all just get along ?
Application software .
good thing that the Internet is still so hard to use ?
The new graphical user interfaces are still hard to use , but they trade lots of mystery keystrokes with lots of poorly explained buttons and weird layout .
Outside of its functionality , for example , is Eudora really such a great mail program for the Mac ?
good thing that the Internet is still so hard to use ?
The new graphical user interfaces are still hard to use , but they trade lots of mystery keystrokes with lots of poorly explained buttons and weird layout .
Outside of its functionality , for example , is Eudora really such a great mail program for the Mac ?
Porn on the Internet .
Who gets to decide this one ?
The media certainly finds it a delight that you can find pictures of naked men and women on the network with relatively little work ( just read alt.binaries.pictures.erotica ) .
If we were n't so anxious about sex , however , would the story sell and would anyone care ?
Look around .
Sex sells , so is it any wonder that as the Net becomes more and more a mirror of our overall society it includes more and more prurient material ?
Is the fault with the network or with society and the media ?
Who gets to decide this one ?
The media certainly finds it a delight that you can find pictures of naked men and women on the network with relatively little work ( just read alt.binaries.pictures.erotica ) .
If we were n't so anxious about sex , however , would the story sell and would anyone care ?
Look around .
Sex sells , so is it any wonder that as the Net becomes more and more a mirror of our overall society it includes more and more prurient material ?
Is the fault with the network or with society and the media ?
The Internet Mall .
It 's a central clearinghouse for companies doing business on the Internet , and it 's growing at more than 10 to 15 shops per week .
It 's a spot where new Internet users can find out the wide range of companies on the Net a good thing or bad thing ?
Did the telephone system become more pervasive as the Yellow Pages began to be printed ?
You decide , and let me know .
Millions of new users .
People from Delphi and AOL have had a rough time on some newsgroups , but each wave of new users brings new resources for everyone .
People from Delphi and AOL have had a rough time on some newsgroups , but each wave of new users brings new resources for everyone .
Intuitive user interfaces .
The Net still has a steep learning curve , but graphical user interfaces are enabling new groups of users to get on - line .
The Net still has a steep learning curve , but graphical user interfaces are enabling new groups of users to get on - line .
Commerce on the Internet .
New information , new options , new opportunities ; what 's too expensive to give away may be just the thing to sell or trade .
New information , new options , new opportunities ; what 's too expensive to give away may be just the thing to sell or trade .
Search tools .
We 've come a long way from crib sheets of good FTP sites .
We 've come a long way from crib sheets of good FTP sites .
Governance .
It 's been engineers ; rather than lawyers and legislators ; that have run the Internet .
It would be nice to keep it that way .
It 's been engineers ; rather than lawyers and legislators ; that have run the Internet .
It would be nice to keep it that way .
Communities of interest .
The Internet helps people to associate according to common interests rather than geography , race , class , religion , and gender .
The Internet helps people to associate according to common interests rather than geography , race , class , religion , and gender .
Government information available via the Net .
Security .
The Net and people on it do n't have good security yet .
Reusable passwords , service providers that just do n't care , SMTP port 25 ; the Net is full of holes that need technical and social fixes .
The Net and people on it do n't have good security yet .
Reusable passwords , service providers that just do n't care , SMTP port 25 ; the Net is full of holes that need technical and social fixes .
Digital Telephony and Clipper .
These efforts to prevent or eliminate private communications , over the objections of the vast majority of people outside the law enforcement establishment , will make police work as easy as it always is in a police state .
These efforts to prevent or eliminate private communications , over the objections of the vast majority of people outside the law enforcement establishment , will make police work as easy as it always is in a police state .
Net.sociopaths , spammers , disbarred lawyers , and others who want to make .
money .
fast .
These types think the Net and the people on it are something to consume or otherwise take advantage of .
These types think the Net and the people on it are something to consume or otherwise take advantage of .
Hype .
Is there anyone who is n't carsick from the phrase " Information Superhighway ? "
ISDN access will become a common standard for small office and home office access , allowing lots of new applications from conferencing to software distribution .
Return of the editors .
The CB radio effect ; too much noise from too many people ; will drive more people to moderated lists and newsgroups .
Digital cash will bring home shopping and pay - per-view to the Internet , as well as new forms of asset protection , money laundering , and tax evasion .
Conflicts between local and global Internet jurisdictions will become more pronounced , especially over censorship issues .
How will prosecutors in Tennessee go after posters from Denmark ?
On - line politics will take off in a big way , with candidates for the 1996 presidential race making their positions available , soliciting funds , debating opponents , and forging postings from each other .
Some campaign somewhere will get in trouble over dirty GIFs .
Cancelbot wars will erupt on some newsgroups .
Some disbarred attorneys will unleash a doomsday bot that cancels every Usenet message that does not refer to their green card services .
Best :
Hordes of users from commercial on - line services such as America Online , CompuServe , and Prodigy have come onto the Net .
This has opened up the Internet beyond the borders of the academics and the researchers , and is the first major step toward a truly mainstream network of the people .
While this did not happen solely in 1994 , this year has seen the floodgates simply burst open , as it were , and the Internauts are a - flowin ' in !
Runner - up : make.money.fast .
I simply can't get enough of this post !
Give me more !
Hordes of users from commercial on - line services such as America Online CompuServe , and Prodigy have come onto the Net .
This has burst the Internet open beyond the borders of a relatively well - trained and well - mannered few , and is the first major step toward diluting the Internet into a sea of hostility and miscommunication , much like the real world .
While this did not happen solely in 1994 , this year has seen the floodgates simply trampled over , as it were , and the clueless newbies are a - stumblin ' in !
Runner - up : The World - Wide Web .
I can't sleep , I have no time to eat , the Web has taken over my life and will soon take over yours !
As I type this I can feel the scurvy in my gums , having had my last intake of vitamin C sometime before NCSA Mosaic 1.0.3 was released .
I have one word for you : connectivity .
As the nation unifies into a blob - like Web addict , the roar for faster connectivity will grow deafening .
" An ISDN in every wall outlet , and a chicken in every pot ! " to quote the precocious William Jennings Bryant .
The Whole Internet : User 's Guide and Catalog , 2nd edition
by Ed Krol
Price : $ 24.95 ( paper ) , 453 pages
Publisher : O'Reilly & Associates ( Sebastopol , CA )
Phone : 800-998-9938
E-mail : orders@ora.com
ISBN : 1-56592-063-5
One of the best overviews of the Internet from one of the original programmers of NCSA 's Mosaic World - Wide Web browser .
Although it is more than an overview , Krol does not wallow in 1970s , history of C , Unix , and the Internet .
Instead the book is packed with facts on the utility of all the Internet 's offerings .
Krol 's offering is a basic Internet reference that no serious Internetter should be without .
The Internet Unleashed
Kevin Kelly , editor
Price : $ 29.95 ( paper ) , 1,387 pages , 1 floppy disk
Publisher : Sams ( Indianapolis , IN )
Phone : 800-428-5331 ; 317-581-3500
Fax : 800-448-3804 ; 317-581-3550
ISBN : 0-672-30466-X
This is an encyclopedic collection of essays by Internet experts in a wide variety of avocations .
Kelly 's crew go beyond their excellent descriptions of the basic Internet applications to discuss their life experiences , such as connecting PCs , LANs , WANs , schools , universities , and libraries to the Internet .
There is depth as well as breadth to the subject matter .
Beam this one up to your Internet bookshelf .
Usenet : Netnews for Everyone
by Jenny Fistrup
Price $ 24.95 ( paper ) , 396 pages
Publisher : Prentice - Hall ( Englewood Cliffs , NJ )
Phone : 800-947-7700 ; 515-284-6751
E-mail : orders@prenhall.com
Fax : 515-284-2607
ISBN : 0-13-123167-7
In the past year , e-mail and Usenet News were the avenues by which most people were introduced to the Internet .
Fistrup shows how the type of information exchanges within the Usenet format continue to be a powerful tool and virtual community builder , even as new technologies and communications methods emerge .
The resulting query responses , FAQs , and organizational management are complemented by recent Internet innovations .
Current versions of Mosaic allow you to more quickly scan newsgroup listings , but to make a posting you will still need to know the procedures and observe the various rules of netiquette Fistrup discusses .
Copyright ( c ) 1994 by Mecklermedia Corporation .
All rights reserved .
Material may not be reproduced or distributed in any form without permission .
There are things in this world that should n’t make me happy , but they do .
For example , when I see two dogs humping in the park , it should n’t make me happy .
But it does .
Today I will experience a new thing that should n’t make me happy , but it will .
I picked up the latest Time magazine and started reading a story about Albert Einstein , excerpted from the book “ Einstein ” by Walter Isaacson .
According to the excerpt , Einstein did n’t believe in free will .
And his opinions on God and morality are virtually identical to mine .
I know philosophy was n’t Einstein ’s primary field .
But still , he ’s Albert Fucking Einstein .
There ’s a good chance he put some thought into it .
I ’m not saying that my opinions are right just because they are identical to Einstein ’s opinions .
Einstein was n’t right all the time .
Right and wrong is n’t the point today .
While it ’s nice to have Einstein on my side , that ’s not the part that makes me so happy .
The thing that will make me happy , but should n’t , is the comments I will get to this post .
I ’m practically wetting myself in anticipation of my readers arguing that they are smarter than Einstein , at least on this topic .
This might be the happiest day of my life .
By the way , this article has my new favorite quote on free will , attributed to Schopenhauer : “ A man can do as he wills , but not will as he wills . ”
In other words , you are free to do whatever you want .
The catch is that you do n’t have any control over what you want .
Before the whining begins , allow me to answer the question so many of you have on your mind :
Why do I continue to blog on this same worn - out topic of free will ?
The real answer is that I have no choice .
But I ’ll give you some rationalizations because you ’ll like those better .
Most of my posts have a common theme :
We do n’t know as much as we think we know .
That ’s the sort of idea that could end war and famine and poverty .
If you think about it , wars are generally fought because of a false sense of certainty .
Usually some leader thinks he is a God , or talks to God , or descended from the Gods , or thinks God gave his people some particular piece of real estate .
The leader ’s opinion is the most certain in the land .
People flock to certainty and adopt the certainty as their own .
The next thing you know , stuff is blowing up .
You can take any major problem in the world and identify a key culprit who has more certainty than he or she should .
For example , Osama Bin Laden is certain that Allah exists , and he ’s certain that humans can know what an omnipotent being wants us to do .
That has n’t worked out well for anyone .
How about the problem of discrimination ?
The root cause is a bigot ’s certainty that ethnicity is more important than individual differences .
He should n’t be so certain .
You do n’t need to completely change a bigot ’s mind to cure discrimination ; it would be a huge step to make him doubt he can accurately judge people by their ethnicity .
There are n’t many ideas that have the potential to change the world .
But the idea that we have no free will has to be on the short list .
Once you accept free will as an illusion , it necessarily makes you wonder how certain you are about the rest of your reality .
When you lose your own irrational sense of certainty , you are less likely to discriminate , to judge , and to believe a lunatic leader who tells you he ’s certain .
You can introduce some doubt into your life and still keep your religious faith , morality , and all of the social and psychological benefits you always enjoyed .
Faith would be meaningless without a pinch of doubt to give it context .
In particular , it would be helpful to doubt that your religious leaders know the mind of God .
A little bit of doubt can be a healthy thing .
I ’ve noticed that the topic of free will is popping up more than ever in the media .
That ’s the sign of a viral idea .
I ’m just doing my part to save the world .
Here ’s the link to the article :
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1607298,00.html
If you plan to leave a comment supporting the existence of free will or a personal God , do me a favor and start with “ I am smarter than Einstein because … ”
My first suggestion for improving the W3C is this : every Working Group should have one member whose primary ( and possibly sole ) responsibility is outreach .
To make life a little easier , I ’m going to refer to this position as a WGO ( for Working Group Outreach ) .
As an aside , I ’m not sure that “ outreach ” is exactly the right term for what I have in mind , but it ’s a decent term that captures most of what I have in mind , so I ’ll use it here .
If someone comes up with a better term , I ’ll be grateful .
So here ’s what I envision for a WGO .
The WGO keeps the public informed about the top issues on the Working Group ’s agenda and immediate - future activities .
The easiest , most obvious way to do this is to post a summary of every WG FTF ( face - to - face ) meeting .
A summary would describe the topics the WG discussed , resolutions that were reached , which problems were not solved , and so forth .
This could be a bullet - point list , but a better summary would be something like a short article .
Note that I do not say that the WGO should post the FTF minutes , which are often private .
The results of those discussions , though , should be public , even when no results occurred .
A summary can say that the WG discussed a topic at length and reached no resolution without saying why .
It can also say that a topic was discussed and a solution found , and then describe the solution .
A really good WGO would produce an activity summary more often than every FTF .
I do n’t know that I ’d insist on a summary for every weekly teleconference , but sending out a summary once a month would be more than reasonable .
These summaries would be posted on the W3C site and to the relevant public mailing lists .
For the CSS WGO , this would always mean posting to www - style .
In cases where WG activity touched on features of XHTML or SVG , summary posts would be made to those public lists as well .
The purpose here is to draw back some of the curtain surrounding Working Groups .
Too often , interested members of the public do n’t know what the WG is up to , and that can be frustrating .
If there are several people agitating for a new feature and the WG stays silent on it , it ’s impossible to tell if the WG is blowing the idea off or if it ’s something they ’ve considered at length but have n’t yet reached a decision .
Public summaries also have the benefit of allowing some public discussion of work before the public - comment period on a proposed specification .
This would help distribute the WG ’s feedback load .
The WGO brings the needs and concerns of the public to the Working Group , and communicates back the WG ’s reactions .
This means part of the WGO ’s job is to be involved in the wider community surrounding a given activity .
The CSS WGO , for example , would spend time reading web design mailing lists , forums , blogs , and so forth to find out what people in the field want and need ( in CSS terms , anyway ) .
The WGO would present these to the WG as items to consider .
The topics so raised , and the WG ’s responses to them , would go into the next summary .
The goal here , of course , is to have someone on the Working Group who represents the “ in the trenches ” folks .
If there are other members of the WG who also represent those who work in the field , that ’s awesome .
With the WGO position , though , there ’s the assurance of at least one person who speaks for those who actually use the products of the Working Group , and who will use any future products .
The presence of a WGO in a Working Group should be a charter condition .
No group should be ( re -) chartered without an identified WGO , and the extended lack of a WGO should be cause to question the continued charter of a group .
Basically , I ’m of the opinion that if a WG can’t find someone passionate enough about what they ’re doing to be the WGO , then it ’s time to ask whether or not they should continue at all .
Similarly , if there ’s no real community for the WGO to represent , then it ’s time to ask why the WG even exists .
The WGO should have no other major responsibilites within the Working Group .
This means the WGO cannot be the WG ’s chair , and should not be a specification editor .
Their primary job should be the two - way representation I ’ve described here .
It ’s too easy to get overloaded in a WG , especially if you ’re the kind of enthusiast a good WGO should be .
There needs to be a defined limit to the position , so that outreach is always topmost on that person ’s agenda within the WG , and it does n’t get buried under other duties .
In summary , a good WGO would act as a liason between the Working Group and the community surrounding it .
A great WGO would do all that and also produce information that helps expand that community .
They could publish quick how - to ’s , for example , concentrating on either current or near - future specifications .
If you could , please allow me to illustrate my points with a few things that a CSS WGO might do in the course of their duties .
I ’ll call this CSS WGO “ Bob ” to make the example less clumsy .
Recently , Bob ’s been seeing a lot of calls on blogs for an “ ancestor ” selector .
This would be something that lets you say , “ style this element based on its descendants ” , such as styling all links that contain an image without having to class them .
( This idea has come up many times in the past , by the way , but has yet to be added to CSS . )
So Bob brings the “ ancestor selector ” subject to the WG .
The WG says , “ Yes , that ’s a very good idea , but it runs aground on the following problems . ”
Bob would then put all that into his next summary : “ The WG is in favor of adding the ancestor selector , but the following problems prevent its inclusion … ”
Bob could certainly also communicate the response directly , through mailing lists or blogs , instead of just putting the response in the summary .
The latter is necessary , of course , but doing both is better .
How is this better ?
Because the community knows the WG has considered the idea , where the WG stands on the idea , and the reasons why it has n’t been accepted .
Everyone knows where the sticking points lie , and can make suggestions to overcome them , instead of just guessing as to why the requested feature has n’t been adopted .
As for the reasons , they could be anything from “ that ’s demonstrably impossible in an entropic universe ” to “ not enough implementors have committed to doing it ” .
As long as we know what the roadblock is , we can act accordingly .
Furthermore , Bob might accompany a new version of the Advanced Layout module with a quick how - to article that describes how to do a certain common layout , one that ’s very hard to do in current CSS , with the stuff in the new module .
This provides a quick , “ wow cool ! ” introduction to the WG ’s efforts , which can energize the community and also draw in new people .
I will readily grant that many WGs have what are effectively unofficial WGOs ; in a lot of ways , you could argue that I ’ve been a WGO for years , as have several other people , through books and articles and forum participation and blogging and so on .
That ’s not enough .
There needs to be someone inside the Working Group who is focused on explaining to the world what the WG is doing and who is explaining to the WG what the world is doing , or at least trying to do .
So that ’s the first of my three major suggestions for reforming the W3C : an outreach person for every Working Group .
SLIDESHOW
In Pictures : The Strangest Sights in Google Earth
Washington
LAST August , a federal judge found that the president of the United States broke the law , committed a serious felony and violated the Constitution .
Had the president been an ordinary citizen — someone charged with bank robbery or income tax evasion — the wheels of justice would have immediately begun to turn .
The F.B.I. would have conducted an investigation , a United States attorney ’s office would have impaneled a grand jury and charges would have been brought .
But under the Bush Justice Department , no F.B.I. agents were ever dispatched to padlock White House files or knock on doors and no federal prosecutors ever opened a case .
The ruling was the result of a suit , in which I am one of the plaintiffs , brought against the National Security Agency by the American Civil Liberties Union .
It was a response to revelations by this newspaper in December 2005 that the agency had been monitoring the phone calls and e-mail messages of Americans for more than four years without first obtaining warrants from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , as required by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
In the past , even presidents were not above the law .
When the F.B.I. turned up evidence during Watergate that Richard Nixon had obstructed justice by trying to cover up his involvement , a special prosecutor was named and a House committee recommended that the president be impeached .
Alright , you college student pirate assholes , LISTEN UP .
Cary Sherman and Mitch Bainwol , the president and CEO of the RIAA , respectively , have a message for you in an op / ed on Inside Higher Ed. Suing all of you is " necessary " because what you 're doing is costing " billions of dollars in lost revenue , millions of dollars in lost taxes , thousands of lost jobs . "
That 's right , people are losing their JOBS .
Thousands of them .
I 'm not sure who or what they did , but this is probably because now they 're unemployed , thanks to you .
Advertisement
You stole two thirds of your music .
You told the NPD you did .
So now , " finding a record store still in business anywhere near a campus is a difficult assignment at best . "
It 's not because of Best Buy and Wal - Mart undercutting them with lower prices or anything , it 's because those super low prices were n't low enough for your thieving asses .
And these damn universities are so uncooperative .
The RIAA is being super helpful and showing them all kinds of ways block P2P entirely to stop you bastards in your tracks , since " the overwhelming , if not sole , use of these applications on campus is to illegally download and distribute copyrighted works . "
It 's not like anyone actually uses that BitTorrent store , after all .
Advertisement
It 's a damn shame schools are n't doing more , because they have a " moral responsibility , as educators , as organizations transmitting values " to teach you jackasses not to steal music .
Which is why " when schools increasingly provide their students with amenities like cable TV , there is simply no reason not to offer them cheap or free legal access to the music they crave . "
Yeah , schools should pay for the licenses for those services .
The RIAA deserves that money , so they get paid even if you resort to stealing music encoded at a higher bit rate with no DRM .
Greedy assholes .
Artists ' mansions are shrinking .
Their children are only able to afford a Wii and a 360 , but not a PS3 .
Think about that the next time you download Nelly 's new album , or even some up - and - coming band 's new record which you tell all your friends about so they go to their shows and stuff .
You just stole a CD from them .
God , why do you keep complaining about the RIAA ?
They 're just trying to " educate these particular students about the importance of music ... and the importance of respecting and valuing music as intellectual property . "
You do n't have to be a pirate for life .
The RIAA can help .
It just needs a small settlement to get you started .
Advertisement
Explaining the Crackdown on Student Downloading [ Inside Higher Ed via Boing Boing ]
Summary : A blistering , brilliant counterattack on the forces that have conspired to undermine American democracy .
Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore ’s
The Assault on Reason is a passionate , scathing book that paints a clear picture of where America has gone wrong .
Our democracy is far from dead , but as events of recent years have shown , it is ill – perhaps gravely so .
The appalling levels of ignorance of basic scientific and political facts among the voting public ; our heedless and disastrous rush into war with Iraq ; a political class that considers voter consent something to be bought and sold ; a shallow , sensationalist for - profit media ; an increasingly corrupt , secretive and authoritarian government – all of these are symptoms indicating that something has gone fundamentally wrong with the process of rational deliberation that America ’s founders considered to be necessary for the long - term health of our democracy .
Simply put , facts , logic and reason no longer play the crucial role in our national conversation that they once did .
What has gone wrong , and how can we fix it ?
These are the questions that Gore takes up and attempts to answer .
In the opening chapters of his book , Gore identifies one factor as playing a major , central role in this decay .
His choice may be surprising to some readers , but I think he builds a strong case for it : not religion , not conservative politics , not excessively wealthy and self - interested corporations , but television .
Television is not the chief villain behind the assault on reason because it panders to the public with frivolous , titillating spectacle ( although it does do that , and Gore does castigate it appropriately ; this must be the first book ever written by an American vice president that contains the phrase “ Britney and KFed ” ) .
Instead , there is a more fundamental problem : unlike print and the Internet , television is a time - and space - limited medium with high barriers to entry , making it in its essence a medium of the rich and powerful .
It is not a place where people can have a two - way conversation ; rather , it turns people into passive receivers of information , unable to respond as they see fit .
Worse , television is not a meritocracy .
One ’s ability to participate in the medium is not based on the merit of one ’s ideas , but rather on how much money one can afford to spend to purchase airtime for them .
The overwhelming reliance on television as a source of information means that the average elected official ’s most pressing task is raising money to purchase the thirty - second TV advertisements that have become the major means of communicating with constituents .
Again , this has diminished the meritocracy of ideas and in its place raised up a system where excessive flattery and attention to the wealthy have become a politician ’s primary requirement for remaining in office .
With television has come advertising , which has resulted in the growth of a system where the effort to convince people through reason and evidence has taken a backseat to discovering the most effective means of manipulating them .
This is what Gore calls “ the manufacture of consent ” , and though it began as a commercial effort , it has spread into politics .
Unlike print , television can present vivid , visceral images that bypass the faculties of reasoning and trigger emotional responses – especially fearful responses – far more directly , overwhelming the faculties of deliberation .
The creation of a silenced , disconnected public whose consent can be manufactured for a price has led directly to the destructive rise of conservative politics .
This movement is summed up by its standard - bearer , George W. Bush , whom history will without a doubt judge as one of America ’s worst presidents of all time .
In a set of searing chapters , Gore lists the sins of the Bush administration : their obsessively secretive nature that deprives the public of information it needs to make reasoned decisions ; their systemic and sustained campaign of deception to drum up support for their agenda ; their disregard for evidence and expertise whenever those things clashed with the decisions they had already arrived at ; the authorization of torture and deliberate attempts to create legal ambiguity surrounding the treatment of prisoners ; and their authoritarian view of unlimited executive power which leads Bush to conclude that he has the right to seize and imprison American citizens indefinitely without trial , to wiretap and search without warrants , to preemptively attack any country he decides may become a threat , or to disregard inconvenient laws via “ signing statements ” .
I was pleasantly surprised by the fierceness of Gore ’s critique , which is one of the most comprehensive indictments of the Bush administration I ’ve ever seen .
After all this time , it seems he ’s finally grasped the tactics being used against the progressive movement and what is at stake .
His call for a rebirth of reason in politics and a return to evidence - based argument is dead on target , and it was a refreshing change to see a politician speak out with such candor , away from the sterile and overscripted world of campaigning .
There are a few awkward passages and parts of the book that could have stood some more editing ( in particular , his occasional references to religion as a motivation for progressive action felt clumsy and forced ) .
But overall , this was a stellar book , argued with clarity and passion , and Gore ’s diagnosis of the problem cannot be denied .
Manufactured consent and stifling mass media are poisoning our democracy , and to counter it , we badly need a return to reason and a willingness to embrace a principle of decision - making based on facts and evidence .
A gas price row triggered the dispute between the two countries
The Russian state pipeline operator , Transneft , said it cut supplies on the Druzhba pipeline to prevent Belarus illegally siphoning off oil .
The European Commission said the cuts posed no immediate risk to European supplies but it was seeking an urgent explanation from Belarus and Russia .
Belarus has been in dispute with Russia over the price of Russian oil and gas .
Minsk says Russia has not been paying a transit tax for moving oil through Belarus , imposed after Russia doubled the price it charges Belarus for gas supplies .
Exports were halted after Belarus began legal action against Russia for failure to pay the new oil shipment tax .
Transneft later said it had been forced to cut off supplies through the Druzhba pipeline after Belarus began siphoning off oil as payment in kind for the duties .
The Russian firm has so far refused to pay the oil export taxes as it claims the charges are illegal .
Separately , Azerbaijan has suspended oil exports to Russia following a pricing dispute with Russian state - backed oil giant Gazprom .
Supply issues
Neither Germany nor Poland is in any immediate danger of experiencing oil shortages , as both maintain substantial reserves .
But BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker says the suspension is an uncomfortable reminder to Europe of the large and growing role that Russia has in meeting its energy needs .
Transneft said it had been forced to cut of supplies through Belarus
" This shows us once again that arguments among various countries of the former Soviet Union , between suppliers and transit countries , mean that these deliveries are unreliable , " he told the BBC .
Last year deliveries of Russian natural gas to much of Western Europe were disrupted during a dispute over pricing between Russia and Ukraine .
The European Union is set to discuss energy supply issues as part of a meeting on climate change and energy policy scheduled for Wednesday .
European concern
The European Commission said it was investigating whether the Russian move would have an impact on another branch of the pipeline , which runs to Slovakia and south - east Europe .
The disruption is a factor driving oil prices towards $ 57 - a- barrel
Commission officials plan to look at whether European Union members will have to draw on strategic stockpiles to ensure their supplies , he added .
German Economy Minister Michael Glos said he viewed the pipeline closure with concern and called on Russia and Belarus to meet their energy transit and delivery responsibilities " as soon as possible " .
Officials in Minsk have declined to comment .
Row intensifies
The decision to shut down the Druzhba pipeline is the latest twist in an energy row between Belarus and Moscow that began when Russian energy giant Gazprom forced Belarus to accept a huge increase in the price of Russian gas .
Last week Belarus said it would charge Russia $ 45 ( £ 23 ) per tonne of oil that passed through its country .
News of the disruption to supplies was a key factor helping to drive oil prices through the $ 57 - a - barrel barrier after falling to around the $ 55 level last week .
US light sweet crude rose 89 cents to $ 57.20 in New York trade , while in the UK Brent crude stood at $ 56.71 - up $ 1.08 .
News that Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest oil producer , planned to cut output by 158,000 barrels a day also helped to drive crude prices higher .
Introduction
The Microsoft Windows Vista operating system introduced an interesting new technology called ReadyBoost .
What ReadyBoost does is make use of non-volatile flash memory to cache data from the hard drive for faster accesses .
It works like virtual memory , but uses non-volatile flash memory , instead of a hard drive .
Transfer Rate Random Access Hard Drive 60 -70 MB/s 12 - 14 ms Flash Memory 10 - 16 MB/s 1 ms or less Advantage Hard Drive
(~ 5 X ) Flash Memory
(~ 13 X )
You may be surprised by the decision to use flash memory .
After all , hard drives have a much higher transfer rate than flash memory devices .
An average 7200 RPM hard drive can easily deliver data at a rate of 60 - 70 MB / s .
Flash memory devices typically max out at 10 - 16MB / s .
Nonetheless , maximum throughput is not the reason why flash memory was chosen .
Flash memory is a non-volatile form of random access memory .
Therefore , it offers very fast random access times , much faster than what hard drives can attain .
ReadyBoost - capable drives , for example , have an access time of 1 ms or less .
In contrast , the access time for a typical desktop hard drive is about 12 - 14 ms , due to the need to move the read head to the appropriate track and then wait for the platter to spin to a particular sector .
As such , ReadyBoost is not designed to do away with hard drive - based virtual memory .
Rather , it 's designed to complement the hard drive by offering faster random accesses .
With a ReadyBoost device installed , Windows Vista will benefit from faster random accesses while still using the hard drive for large sequential reads .
How It Works
When a ReadyBoost device is available , Windows Vista stores virtual memory pages in both hard drive and the flash memory device .
When there are large , sequential virtual memory reads , Windows Vista still retrieves the requested pages from the hard drive .
However , small , random reads are now satisfied by reading from the ReadyBoost device instead .
This allows for faster data accesses without losing out on the high throughput the hard drive can provide .
The duplication of data on both hard drive and ReadyBoost device also ensures that there is no loss of data .
You can pull out the flash memory device out at any time .
Windows Vista automatically falls back to the hard drive .
There are two key differences in the virtual memory pages stored on the hard drive and the ReadyBoost device .
Data stored in the hard drive 's paging file are neither encrypted nor compressed .
However , the data cached in the ReadyBoost device will be encrypted and compressed on the fly .
The encryption is necessary because the ReadyBoost device can be removed at any time .
Therefore , the data is not scrubbed off the device before it 's removed .
To prevent any security issues from the stored data , Microsoft encrypts it on the fly with 128 - bit AES encryption .
The data is also compressed to increase the amount of data that can be stored in the ReadyBoost device .
Windows Vista currently supports flash devices from 256MB up to 4GB .
The average data compression is said to double the capacity of the device , so if you use a 1GB flash drive , Windows Vista should be able to store about 2 GB of data on it .
Welcome to a cute little Xlib introduction and tutorial .
Before diving into this tutorial , take some time to learn about X .
If you do n't want to go hunting for your own sources , just read these next few paragraphs .
The X Window System is the de facto standard for graphical environments in Unix , and has been for the past 20 years or so .
X itself is actually a network model and protocol , and also provides APIs ( Such as Xlib ) for the protocol .
X is indeed a network model ; in fact , it is a client - server model .
In X , a ' server ' is one or more screens controlled by a single piece of server software , such as xfree86 or a commercial X server .
A client is a program that connects to this server in order to use one or more of the screens , whether on the same machine , or in another room in the same building , or on one of Jupiter 's frozen moons .
Thus , your screen ( if you are using Unix ) can potentially be used to run any program on any computer on Earth , if it implements the X protocol .
( This is a general statement ; I can't actually bring up goatse.cx in a browser on your computer from where I sit , unless you 've done something painfully stupid in terms of security . )
Of course , it would be a pain in the ass for each programmer to implement the X protocol in his own programs , creating each packet by hand and managing networking ; thus , Xlib is used .
Xlib is a C API for low level use of the X protocol .
( Actually , you technically are n't using Xlib if you use something like python - xlib ( tutorial pending ) , since Xlib is n't used to make it ! )
Setup : Stuff you need
First , you will need a computer running an X Window System server with a C compiler ( such as gcc ) and Xlib , which is packaged with xfree86 .
Any stock Linux system will do , but a lot of campuses have Unix labs as well .
Second , you will need an Xlib reference of some sort .
Techincally , you could just use what I 've given you here , but playing with the examples may require a few more nuts and bolts .
I recommend you get the official Xlib specification in Postscript , listed in the sources below .
It can be viewed with the gv program , available for Unix systems .
Also , I would recommend skimming the tutorials mentioned below if you find mine confusing .
Third , you will need your wits about you .
These Xlibs are alive .
Whoa-ho !
Just kidding .
It 's not scary .
( Roll human effigy film clip )
Example the first : Connection , information
This is a minimal Xlib program .
It does nothing graphical .
#include < stdio.h > //
Load stdio for printf # include < assert.h> // Assert ( ) is fluffy #include < X11/ Xlib.h > // Load Xlib int main ( ) { int depth ; Display * display ; char * display_string ; assert ( display = XOpenDisplay ( 0 ) ) ; //
Open the default X display depth = DefaultDepth ( display , DefaultScreen( display ) ) ; //
Get the default depth of our display display_string = DisplayString ( display ) ; printf ( " Default depth : %d " , depth ) ; // Print the depth printf ( " Display string : %s " , display_string ) ; //
Print the display string }
Lesson one : Xlib programs do n't have to draw windows to be useful
This is a small , trivial program for printing a little bit of interesting information about your display .
Specifically , it will print the default depth and the display string .
This program does nothing graphical ; none the less , it uses Xlib and communicates with the X server .
In fact , the window manager you use is probably such a program .
You may need to mess with compiler options to compile this .
I used " gcc - L/usr/X11R6/lib - lX11 " .
YMMV .
Compiler options for the next two programs are the same .
A line by line breakdown is hardly necessary , with the comments and all .
Here is a brief list of the probable unfamiliar material :
Display is the type of an X display .
There will be a few memorable new types , mostly structs , but some unions .
XOpenDisplay ( 0 ) opens the default display .
It can also be sent a string to open a specific display , e.g. one specified at the command line .
DefaultScreen , DefaultDepth , DisplayString :
These three macros generate useful information about the display given as the first argument .
DefaultDepth takes a screen as the second argument , thus the use of DefaultScreen .
Example the second : First window
We are operating very much through defaults ; it will be that way throughout , but is not a great practice in real life .
Accepting a display name and screen from the command line is very common among programs like xterm xclock , etc .
Here is a another program that has primarily educational value , but actually displays something : # include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < assert.h > # include < X11/Xlib.h > struct color_struct { unsigned long black , white ; } ; #define SCREEN ( DefaultScreen ( display ) ) # define ROOT_WINDOW ( DefaultRootWindow ( display ) ) int main ( ) { int depth ; char * display_name ; struct color_struct * color = malloc ( sizeof ( struct color_struct ) ) ; Display * display ; Window main_window ; display = XOpenDisplay ( 0 ) ; assert ( display ) ; printf ( " Default display opened
" ) ; printf ( " Size : %dx%d
" , XDisplayWidth ( display , SCREEN ) , XDisplayHeight ( display , SCREEN ) ) ; //
Figure it out , or look it up color -> black = XBlackPixel( display , SCREEN ) ; //
Black and white are the only color -> white = XWhitePixel ( display , SCREEN ) ; // trivial colors in Xlib main_window = XCreateSimpleWindow( display , ROOT_WINDOW , 0 , 0 , 200 , 100 , 0 , color -> black , color -> black ) ; // Create a window at 0 , 0 , that is 200x100 and has a black background assert ( main_window ) ; //
Make sure it happened printf ( " Main window created
" ) ; // Hurrah XMapWindow ( display , main_window ) ; //
We have to ' map ' the window to make it visible XFlush ( display ) ; // XFlush sends the commands to the server ( Network model ! ) while ( 1 ) ; //
Stick around }
Lesson two : Create window , map window , and do n't forget to flush
This program is not nearly as trivial as the last one .
I have thrown in some real C to make things more readable .
The color_struct struct is just used to store some integers ; we might want to expand on it later .
Those macros are to simplify the more complicated lines .
In Xlib , you have to both create a window and " map " it to make it visible .
Mapping allows for things like minimization .
Once we create and map the window , we must flush the commands , i.e. the commands are not sent to the server until XFlush is called .
This does not apply to things like DisplayName , etc .
The color model is too complicated to address here .
There are only two colors that are trivially easy to acquire , so we will make use of them .
By the way , in order to close this program , you will have to kill it yourself ; you can do this with xkill or by closing the window and killing the program in the terminal .
Example 3 : Eventful drawings ?
#include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < assert.h > # include < X11/Xlib.h > struct color_struct { unsigned long black , white ; } ; #define SCREEN ( DefaultScreen ( display ) ) # define ROOT_WINDOW ( DefaultRootWindow ( display ) ) int main ( ) { int depth ; struct color_struct * color = malloc ( sizeof ( struct color_struct ) ) ; Display * display ; Window main_window , sub_window ; GC main_gc ; //
We need a graphics context for drawing stuff XEvent event ; //
We need one of these so we can recieve mouse events display = XOpenDisplay ( 0 ) ; color -> black = XBlackPixel( display , SCREEN ) ; color -> white = XWhitePixel ( display , SCREEN ) ; main_window = XCreateSimpleWindow( display , ROOT_WINDOW , 0 , 0 , 200 , 100 , 0 , color -> black , color -> black ) ; main_gc = XDefaultGC( display , 0 ) ; // Create the GC for drawing commands sub_window = XCreateSimpleWindow ( display , main_window , 10 , 10 , 50 , 50 , 0 , color -> black , color -> white ) ; //
Yes , we are creating a new window inside the main one .
This is // how widgets and so forth are made .
XMapWindow ( display , sub_window ) ; XMapWindow ( display , main_window ) ; XFlush ( display ) ; //
Map both windows , flush commands to the server XSelectInput ( display , main_window , ButtonPressMask ) ; XSelectInput ( display , sub_window , ButtonPressMask ) ; //
This means we want the mouse click input for both windows XSetForeground ( display , main_gc , color -> white ) ; //
This is so we 're drawing in white while ( 1 ) { XNextEvent ( display , &event ) ; //
This gets the next event from the server //
We look at the event 's type , and then the internal event // which might be xkey or xfocus or xmap or any other number of things .
if ( event.type == ButtonPress ) { if ( event.xbutton.window == main_window ) { XDrawLine ( display , main_window , main_gc , 70 , 20 , 150 , 40 ) ; XFlush ( display ) ; } else if ( event.xbutton.window == sub_window ) { XCloseDisplay ( display ) ; exit( 0 ) ; } } } }
Lesson 3 : It 's windows all the way down
I have removed the asserts for brevity ; you may add them back in to taste .
This last example is likely to leave your head spinning if you try to take it in all in one go .
This program takes advantage of two new features :
The ability to nest windows , and the ability to create simple graphics .
All the program does is display a line if you click in the main window and close if you click in the sub window .
The first issue to address is the sub window .
It 's a funny thing about the X Window System ; it 's all windows .
There are no buttons or text boxes or titlebars in the X protocol ; all those are in fact windows nested inside each other !
So in essence , what we have done is implement a simple button which responds to a click by closing the program ; you should be able to spot the relevant lines .
By nesting windows , you can achieve visual seperation , as well as having seperate containers for text and button - type things and so forth .
There is no new command introduced ; we use the same simple window command and map command as with the first window ; in fact , we were just drawing the first window inside another window , the " root window " .
( Is the light coming on ? )
The next issue is the events ; there is a lot to talk about here .
First of all , events can be any of the events defined in the protocol ; here , we are only interested in the mouse events .
The server does not know which events to send us ; we tell it we would like the button press event using the XSelectInput function .
If we wanted , we could request multiple events by ORing them together .
Next , we must find out if we 've gotten any events ; our old friend , the infinite loop , does this for us .
XNextEvent sets the pointer it is handed ( &event ) to the next event in the queue .
We can then find out the type of the event ( Well , yes , we do in this case know it 's a mouse event ) , and the details of the event ( In this case , just the window ) and act on those accordingly .
Note that XEvent is a union of every possible event type ; you have to access the specific event struct as a member of the union .
Last of all , I should mention the graphics .
I have not bothered with text here , for the sake of simplicity .
In order to use graphics , we must first create a graphics context ( GC ) .
You might typically use the XCreateGC function , but I have chosen to just use the default .
Then we use the XDrawLine function to draw a line , using the display , window , context , and coordinates as arguments .
There are more complicated drawing functions for text and so forth .
Note also that in one of the tutorials sourced at the bottom , the author says that you need to wait for the map notify event so that your drawing will show up ; you will need to do this if you need to have something displayed immediately , rather than after an arbitrary amount of time .
I omitted that for space and simplicity .
I hope you 've enjoyed the show !
By the way , if you were looking for the ' cruftiness ' in Xlib , you 'll have to look further .
I 'm afraid my examples just do n't bring out the cruft .
Also , there 's good Xlib code out there for the reading ; I recommend running and reading evilwm and anything else that seems appropriate .
( xkill , xnethack , whatever )
If you have suggestions or comments , let me know .
if I have done anything grossly wrong , I will change it , and if I have done anything grossly right , I would like to know .
Do n't look here for changes , but if you really want someothing covered here ask me and I might add it .
( After I learn it , that is . )
Sources :
I could n't be prouder .
My little sixteen - month - old Z said " Mommy Bathing in the Water " while my wife was in the shower .
He said it with American Sign Language ( ASL ) , a language we 've been teaching Z. I think it 's a big deal because he independently strung these words together , one after another , and made a declaration .
The Language Explosion has begun with my little man .
He 's starting to speak more and more ( verbally ) and my wife is continuing to ( try ) to speak to him in her language .
When he starts school he 'll ( hopefully ) be in an Spanish immersion program , so he 'll theoretically have four languages going forward .
( ASL qualifies as a foreign language in college and has a different sentence structure than English . )
The " language events " of the last few weeks got me thinking about choosing Programming Languages .
( No , not for Z , hopefully he 'll be much more well - rounded than I , and will NOT be a programmer . )
There are many folks who study linguistic learning in young people and the conventional wisdom says that learning between 4 and 5 languages is quite reasonable , even easy , if some basic rules are followed .
Things like one language per care - giver , consistency , etc .
If a theoretical child ( not mine ) was to get " good language coverage " from a population perspective - trying to pick a set of languages that would enable the child to communicate with the largest number of people - they might want to learn English , Chinese , Spanish , Hindi , Russian and maybe Arabic .
If a theoretical person wanted to learn a set of programming languages that would enable them to write code today with a good chance of getting a job they might want to learn Java , C , C# , PHP , Ruby , maybe Javascript and possibly Python .
However , if a theoretical child wanted to get a good set of solid languages that would enable them to more easily learn other languages , they might want to learn English and Spanish ( Indo - European Family ) , Chinese ( Sino - Tibetan Family ) , Arabic ( Afro- Asiatic Family ) , Swahili ( Niger - Congo Family ) and maybe Japanese or Turkish ( Altaic Family ) .
These languages would give the child very broad exposure to different structures and tones .
What programming languages would a new Student of Programming want to learn in order to get good coverage and enable them , at an early age ( or stage in their career ) to not only learn other languages but also solve problems in non-traditional ways .
An parallel could be drawn between an older life - long English speaker having trouble learning a language because the sentence structure of the new language is so very different from English , or a tonal language like Mandarin where the English speaker 's brain simply can't hear the tones .
Studies have show that children who are exposed to tonal languages at some length , like Mandarin , before their second year can lay the pathways to recognize and distinguish between " similar " tones years later .
But they have to hear the tones early in life .
What programming languages should a New Programmer experience early so that they might be more able to " hear the tones later " when a new languages comes along ?
What language should a new programmer be exposed to first ?
Should we make selections from the major Programming Language " families " ?
Imperative - statements that contain a sequence of commands Fortran , C , Pascal , VB , LISP Object - Oriented Smalltalk , Java , C# , Ruby , LISP
Declarative - " It 's like this , figure it out " XSLT , SQL ( kinda )
Logical - describe some theoretical state and the steps it implies , and work backwards to solve Prolog
Functional - Keep it stateless and create functions , often recursive ML , Haskell , Common LISP
Should young ( or new ) programmers be taught many languages and philosophies , or just ones that will get them a job ?
Should we optimize for language coverage or language diversity ?
If there are benefits in teaching young children Chinese because of the language 's complexity and tonal qualities , is there a benefit in teaching new programmers Lisp for the ( mostly ) same reasons ?
Speaking only to Basic 's comparative " linguistic " value , to be clear .
if Lisp is comparable to Chinese then should Basic considered on par with English Slang ?
I suggest that the people who run businesses work and play by the rules that the rest of us play by -- which means that I suggest that we end special rights for corporations and the corporate elites .
And the way that they exploit our lives for profits , capitalizing on human suffering and the fact that we must get from Point A to Point B , means that this may be the time to say enough is enough .
However , any attempts to level the playing field have to be looked at carefully , so that we can see the ramifications .
This is not by any means the last word on the attempt to level the playing field , but the first attempt .
Here are some of the benefits of incorporation that would go by the wayside :
Protection of personal assets .
Safeguarding personal assets against the claims of creditors and lawsuits .
Sole proprietors and general partners in a partnership are personally and jointly responsible for all the liabilities of a business such as loans , accounts payable , and legal judgements .
In a corporation , however , stockholders , directors and officers typically are not liable for their company 's debts and obligations .
They are limited in liability to the amount they have invested in the corporation ( eg : If $ 100 in stock was purchased , no more than $ 100 can be lost ) .
Corporations and Limited Liability Companies ( LLCs ) may also hold personal assets like houses , cars or boats .
If one is personally involved in a lawsuit or bankruptcy , these assets may be protected .
A creditor of the owner of a corporation or LLC cannot seize the assets of the company ; however , they can seize their ownership shares in the corporation , as that is considered a personal asset .
That means that if I run myself into debt , I can protect myself by putting all my assets under the control of the company so that I can immunize myself from collection efforts .
I can game the system in a way that others can't .
Transferable ownership .
Ownership in a corporation or LLC is easily transferable to others , either in whole or in part .
Some states ' laws are particularly attractive to this end .
For example , with a Delaware Corporation , the transfer of ownership in a corporation is not required to be filed or recorded .
In other words , I can secretly transfer ownership of my company so that I can weasel out of any lawsuits that come my way .
This is the whole problem -- I am not anti-business ; I believe that businesses and corporations should live by the same rules that the rest of us live by .
And this is a prime example .
In the United States , corporations are taxed at a lower rate than individuals .
Also , they can own shares in other corporations and receive corporate dividends 80 % tax - free .
There are no limits on the amount of losses a corporation may carry forward to subsequent tax years .
A sole proprietorship , on the other hand , cannot claim a capital loss greater than $ 3,000 unless the owner has offsetting capital gains .
So , how is this fair ?
Why should one person be able to get corporate dividends tax - free while the other cannot ?
And why should I pay lower taxes because I happen to own a business while my neighbor down the street does not ?
A sports team is not better than its weakest player , while a country is not better than the least members of its society .
Credit rating .
Regardless of an owner 's personal credit scores , corporations acquire their own credit rating , and build a separate credit history by applying for and using corporate credit .
Which means that I can screw around with my credit all I want and then be able to get away scot - free .
The fact of the matter is that the Constitution of this country recognizes the rights of individuals , races , religions , sexual orientation , and any other personal or biological characteristic under the sun .
But there is nothing that is in the Constitution that gives the kind of rights to corporations that it does to people .
Given the massive unequal playing field between us and the powerful corporate interests , it would seem that the rules are stacked against people and for corporations .
People who own corporations should play by the same rules that the rest of us should .
Depending upon what country you are born in , your life expectancy can be quite different .
I looked at the data for the average life expectancies calculated in the year 2000 and unraveled it a teeny bit .
It is now winter in Massachusetts where I live , and the trees are barren and the snow covers the ground .
I wondered to myself , " How many more springs might I see ? "
If you 've already beaten the average , then I recommend that you keep on going !
To h*ll with numbers I say !
Also , note that women live a little longer on the average ... seems only fair that they should get to do so .
You are : years old living in Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan The Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Costa Rica Cote d\'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon The Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea , North Korea , South Kuwait Kyrgyz Republic Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Federated States of Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Myanmar ( Burma ) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe view by : group line
By TAHIRA YAQOOB
Last updated at 18:07 15 May 2007
Angry Scientologists are trying to get a BBC documentary about their faith scrapped amid claims of " gross bias " by presenter John Sweeney .
The Panorama programme , to be shown tonight , investigates whether the Church of Scientology has moved away from its past as a brainwashing cult .
Scroll down for more
But furious church members - including actor John Travolta - say the programme should be ditched because Mr Sweeney showed he was biased by losing his temper and shouting at a top scientologist .
After the man accused him of giving " an easy interview " to a critic of the religion , Mr Sweeney screamed : " You were not there at the beginning of the interview .
" You were not there .
You did not hear or record all the interview . "
Scientologists have sent 100,000 copies of film of the incident to MPs , civil servants and
business leaders , as well as posting it on the YouTube website .
Travolta has also written to BBC executives , accusing Mr Sweeney of " personal prejudices , bigotry and animosity " .
But the broadcaster insisted last night that the programme would go ahead .
A BBC source said Mr Sweeney , who has apologised for his rant , had become distressed after following Scientologists for days and watching harrowing footage of people being tortured as part of an exhibition by the church attacking psychiatry .
The source added : " It was a very intense time .
He was completely in the wrong and should never have lost his rag - but he 's only human . "
Mr Sweeney said : " I am hugely embarrassed .
I let the side down and the BBC down and I am ashamed but I felt I was being brainwashed .
" If people see the full clip , I think they will have more sympathy with me . "
The BBC has reprimanded Mr Sweeney but is not taking disciplinary action after deciding he did not breach any guidelines .
Producers plan to include his outburst in the documentary .
Panorama has also posted its own footage on YouTube , showing a leading American Scientologist threatening Mr Sweeney .
Tom Davis - a friend of fellow follower Tom Cruise and son of actress Anne Archer - says he cannot be responsible for his actions if Mr Sweeney keeps referring to the religion as a " sinister cult " .
He says : " For you to repeatedly refer to my faith in these terms is so derogatory , so offensive and so bigoted and the reason you keep repeating it is because you want a reaction like you are getting now . "
Mr Sweeney has complained of becoming a victim of intimidation while making the programme .
He says he was followed and his wedding was gatecrashed .
Panorama spent six months investigating the religion - which claims humans are descended from a race of aliens called thetans - and interviewed several people who said they had cut off their families after becoming Scientologists .
The documentary also exposes apparent links between Scientology leaders and City of London police officers .
Chief Superintendent Ken Stewart is shown praising the controversial organisation , which supplied hospitality worth £ 11,000 to the force .
Policemen attended scientology dinners and the premiere of Cruise 's film Mission Impossible 3 .
With great power comes great responsibility , and apparently with DRM - free music comes files embedded with identifying information .
Such is the situation with Apple 's new DRM - free music : songs sold without DRM still have a user 's full name and account e-mail embedded in them , which means that dropping that new DRM - free song on your favorite P2P network could come back to bite you .
We started examining the files this morning and noticed our names and e-mail addresses in the files , and we 've found corroboration of the find at TUAW , as well .
But there 's more to the story :
Apple embeds your account information in all songs sold on the store , not just DRM - free songs .
Previously it was n't much of a big deal , since no one could imagine users sharing encrypted , DRMed content .
But now that DRM - free music from Apple is on the loose , the hidden data is more significant since it could theoretically be used to trace shared tunes back to the original owner .
It must also be kept in mind that this kind of information could be spoofed .
Concerned users could convert selections to MP3 , but there will be a generational loss in quality resulting from the transcoding .
We also have to wonder : who is buying DRM - free music with the plans of slapping it up on a P2P share , anyway ?
It 's not like there are n't dozens of other ways to get access to music without paying for it .
What would Apple do with the info ?
The big question , of course , is what might Apple do with this information ?
Because it can be spoofed , it 's not exactly the best way to determine who is sharing music , and in any case , tracing a link back such as this would leave a copyright holder in a gray area .
Embedded data or not , the mere presence of the data in a file found on a share is not an unassailable indicator of copyright infringement .
That said , it would be trivial for iTunes to report back to Apple , indicating that " Joe User " has M4As on this hard drive belonging to " Jane Userette , " or even " two other users . "
This is not to say that Apple is going to get into the copyright enforcement business .
What Apple and indeed the record labels want to watch closely is : will one user buy music for his five close friends ?
The entertainment industry is obsessed with the idea of " casual piracy , " or the occasional sharing of content between friends .
I would n't be surprised if some data was being analyzed in aggregate , although Apple 's current privacy policy does not appear to allow for this .
As with the dust - up over the mini-store , Apple should clarify what this embedded data is used for .
We 've contacted Apple for a response but have not heard back from the company .
Buried in the middle of the NYT article headed " Pressure Builds Over Plan for Troop Increase " is the following report :
Mr. Bush 's National Security Adviser , Stephen J. Hadley , said in an interview on " Meet the Press " on NBC that the White House has sufficient money under its control to deploy the troops as planned , and he suggested that once the troops are in place , Congress would be reluctant to cut off funding .
" I think once they get in harm 's way , Congress 's tradition is to support those troops , " Mr. Hadley said .
Just in case the meaning of this is not instantly clear , let me spell it out with as much objectivity as I can muster .
Hadley is saying that the opposition of the recently elected majority in the House of Representatives and the Senate to the escalation of troop numbers in Iraq can be circumvented by using existing money , unallocated and unapproved for the purpose , to put young American women and men under fire , in " harms way " , to force the continuation of such funding .
There are no words that I can bring to bear to express my disgust .
This is not just an ugly and cynical piece of political exploitation but it has to be the sickest and most repugnant manipulation that has ever been publicly acknowledged by any administration of any Western Government .
Like the worst atrocities of the very insurgents , whose vile acts have fuelled so much hatred amongst our people , Hadley is saying that the White House will use the military men and women of its own nation as hostages in return for a demand that Congress pays a ransom in the form of approving the Iraq appropriations bill .
There is not a mother or father in the United States who hears this and who at this very moment is witnessing the notification , assembly and redeployment of their children that cannot but weep for them .
And weep for the state of their nation .
It is not simply that these young men and women will be deliberately exposed to what has been called the cross fire of a brutal civil war to extract money from Congress .
It is not simply that this is being done despite the knowledge that the majority of lawmakers are opposed to it .
It is not simply that it disregards the wishes so clearly expressed by the people of the United States .
It is that it is done so blatantly , so arrogantly , so imperiously without sense of shame , embarrassment or guilt at it being known that their lives are being used to blackmail Congress .
Is this the service that our troops signed up for when they took their oath of allegiance to the flag of their nation ?
Is this the level to which the nation that they have sworn to defend is sunk ?
Who is this man Stephen Hadley , who so despicably and carelessly is prepared to reveal the intentions of the White House ?
He is a lawyer , who has served the Republicans and Bush diligently .
His biography can be read here and here .
Here you can read not just of his rise through the ranks of full - time servants of the Bush administration that led to him replacing Condoleezza Rice as National Security Advisor , after having been part of that amorphous group known as " The Vulcans " , but you can also read of those activities in which he has played a central part that have put to question the whole basis on which our nations were taken to war .
What you will not read is that he ever served in the military , that he ever faced the bullets and the mortar bombs and the IED 's of an enemy determined to kill him .
In other words , that he has never been in what he casually , and thereby callously , terms the " harms way " in which he would place young men and women to force the majority of Americans to capitulate to the demands of the few .
If you want to know what this has to do with a British contributor to an American Internet site , then I would simply refer you to the latest death of one of your allies , Kingsman Alexander Green , from 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster 's Regiment , who died after being shot by small arms fire whilst on a task in Basra City .
Let this be the photograph of a twenty - one year old that I place alongside that of the smiling war planner Stephen Hadley , who tonight will sleep easy in his bed as he contemplates with satisfaction how he has overcome the opposition to more of America 's young being exposed in harm 's way .
In my lifetime , I have seen my country join with France and Israel in the construction of a lie to take our three nations to war against Egypt .
I have felt deep shame at this and cannot disguise my contempt at the last of the aristocratic Prime Ministers , Sir Anthony Eden , for his role in this act of deceit .
I remain deeply antagonistic to the way that Margaret Thatcher took my country into war in the Falklands and cannot forgive her for her grand visions and lack of realization of the full price .
Yet neither of these do I accuse of doing these acts with a truly uncaring concern for the lives of the men and women that served our country .
Stephen Hadley : J'accuse and , in so much as you reflect those whom you serve , George W. Bush and Dick Cheney : J'accuse .
I would ask all on our liberal blogs to recommend this diary so that as wide a readership as possible can see , more clearly than has ever openly been revealed before , the true face of this administration .
Further , I would ask that you bring this extract from the New York Times to the attention by e-mail of your representatives in Congress with the request that they ask for the resignation of Mr Hadley .
This goes to the heart of all that has gone wrong over the last six years .
I 've had enough .
I am sick and tired of Christian intellectuals , from Paul Copan ( my friend ) , to Victor Reppert and a lot lower down the totem pole to David Wood , in their attempts to say that the slavery in the American South was different than what the Bible allows , and so it should never have been used to justify it .
If you want to see me hot tempered , then just raise this asinine argument .
I try to get along here at DC by being respectful of Christian beliefs , but on this issue I can not bend for one nanosecond .
Do n't even suggest it , as Dr. Victor Reppert just did .
Here 's what I wrote in response :
When it comes to the brutal slavery in the South that was justified from the Bible I have had enough .
Have you ever read Frederick Douglass ' life narrative ?
Have you ?
As intelligent as you are , can you not see what it would be like to be a slave in the South , and to be told that your Christian master does n't properly apply the Bible to his world ?
Can you not see what it would be like ? "
Oh , my Christian master separated me and my family and beats me into submission , denying me any rights whatsoever , but the Bible is still good and true .
He just misunderstands .
" Would n't you at least be intelligent enough to ask why God did not condemn slavery in no uncertain terms , if he authored the Bible ?... and say it often enough that no one could misunderstand , just like he purportedly did with murder and rape ?
He could have said , " Thou shalt not trade , buy , sell , or own slaves , " and said it as often as needed so that we 'd understand .
I just do n't get you at all on this .
Nothing can exonorate your God for failing so miserably on the greatest ( and easiest ) moral issue in American history ... nothing .
On this issue alone , you should abandon your faith .
The problem is that there are so many other issues besides this that it baffles me why a thinking person like yourself claims to believe in the God of the Bible .
YOU DO NOT BELIEVE THE BIBLE , OR YOU WOULD BELIEVE ALL OF IT !
The whole attempt to justify the differences between the slavery in the Bible and in the slavery in the South just makes me sick .
Sorry , it just does not sit well , no matter what you say , with what a PERFECTLY GOOD God would do .
I am better than your God , and according to you I am a miserable sinner deserving of hell ( however conceived ) .
Again , I am better than your God , and I can prove this .
I would have never allowed any human being to misunderstand that I told them slavery is a complete abomination .
So , do you really believe a perfectly good God exists ?
On this point a believer must indeed " sacrifice his intellect " in order to believe , as Ignatius Loyola had written .
You have sacrificed your intellect .
Be gone with it then , but no longer talk to me about how reasonable your faith is .
You no longer have that right .
Sorry , but on this topic I can get angry .
It is complete and utter foolishness to continue believing in the face of this problem .
You might as well write your own Scriptures and tell people it's from God , or believe in Zeus , Apollo or Thor .
Such a religion has the same basis once one sacrifices his or her intellect , like you have just done .
Why do smart people believe absolutely stupid things ?
I have an answer .
They believe based on when and where they were born .
Smart people are just more skilled at defending ideas they arrived at because of stupid reasons .
Sorry .
But this was a camel 's straw for me .
It broke my back and it broke my heart .
I can no longer sit by while absolute stupidity is paraded under the mask of education and intelligence .
Someone has to tell the Emperor he has no clothes on .
You 're naked .
[ First posted 5/1/07 ]
The essential tones of human music are rooted in the physics of how our vocal cords produce speech , according to a study published Friday .
Researchers at Duke University 's Center for Cognitive Neuroscience found that particular notes sound right to our ears because of the way our vocal apparatus makes the vowel sounds used in human languages .
Humans can't hear it directly , but when the sounds of speech are looked at with a spectrum analyzer , the relationships between the frequencies produced in the throat correspond with the relationships between notes in the 12 - tone chromatic scale of music , said Dale Purves , the George Barth Geller Professor for Research in Neurobiology .
When humans speak , our vocal cords vibrate to create " peaks " of resonant sound in air coming from the lungs that can be modified by the way we change the shape or position of our tongue , lips , soft palate or throat .
The two lowest vocal tract resonances , called formants , are used to produce vowels , said Purves .
" Take away the first two formants and you can't understand what a person is saying , " Purves said .
The frequency of the first formant is between 200 and 1,000 cycles per second ( hertz ) and the second formant is between 800 and 3,000 hertz .
When a speaker produces a vowel sound , it resonates on the two frequencies , with each vowel producing a different ratio between the frequencies .
Purves said these ratios match up consistently with the ratios in musical tuning .
For example , the relationship between the two frequencies produced in the English vowelfound in " bought " might match up with the musical interval between C and A on a piano keyboard , Purves said .
Purves and co-authors Deborah Ross and Jonathan Choi tested the idea by recording native English and native Mandarin Chinese speakers uttering vowel sounds in both languages and comparing those sounds and their frequency ratios to the numerical ratios found in music .
They say the results could help explain why some cultures prefer one kind of music to another , particularly if differences in vowel sounds found in thelanguages produce different resonances .
The study was published Friday in the online version oftheProceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
EUROPEAN countries are buffeted by two global forces : atmospheric pressures that , as it were , change the weather , silently transforming societies and the assumptions of public policy .
One is climate change ( a change in the weather literally ) .
The other is demography .
The two have a lot in common .
Both are easily recognised but less easily understood .
Both are products of complex forces and unobtrusive influences .
Both create huge effects from minuscule changes .
A rise in global temperature by one degree or a fall in fertility by one point may sound trivial but , over 100 years , will make the earth unbearably hot , or reshape the size and composition of societies .
Yet though every rich country has a climate - change policy , few have a population one ( there are historical reasons for that ) .
And just as everyone whinges about the weather , but does nothing about it , so everyone in Europe complains , but does nothing , about population .
This article will argue that pessimism is no longer justified .
It would be too much to say Europe 's population is bouncing back .
But its long - term decline is starting to bottom out , and is even rising in a few places .
On its face , this seems an odd assertion .
In 1957 , the year of the European Union 's founding Treaty of Rome , every one of the 27 countries that are now EU members had fertility rates above 2.1 Now , none does .
( The fertility rate is the number of children a woman can expect during her lifetime ; 2.1 is the replacement level , the point at which the population stabilises . )
Received opinion holds , in the phrase of Auguste Comte , a 19th - century social scientist , that “ demography is destiny ” and that Europe is doomed by its death - spiral population numbers .
American observers from Walter Laqueur , an academic , to Mark Steyn , a conservative polemicist , argue that Europe is fast becoming a barren , ageing , enfeebled place .
Vast numbers of old people , they reckon , will be looked after , or neglected , by too few economically active adults , supplemented by restless crowds of migrants .
The combination of low fertility , longer life and mass immigration will put intolerable pressure on public health , pensions and social services , leading ( probably ) to upheaval .
There are several possible objections to that gloomy forecast .
One is that a growing population is not , of itself , necessarily a good thing , nor a falling one unambiguously bad .
Another is that there is no short - term correlation between population change and wealth : Japan and South Korea have even lower fertility than Europe .
But there is a simpler objection : the picture of relentless decline is wrong , or , to be accurate , half wrong .
Europe is not in decline .
Rather , as Jitka Rychtarikova of the Charles University in Prague argues , it no longer makes sense to talk about Europe as a single demographic unit at all .
There are two Europes .
One is the familiar place of low fertility and population decline .
Here , the fertility rate is below 1.5 and countries are struggling in a fertility trap .
The low fertility belt runs from the Mediterranean to central and eastern Europe , embracing both old and new parts of the continent .
The other , surprising Europe is a place of recovering fertility and rising population .
It stretches from Scandinavia to France .
Here , countries have escaped the fertility trap and the childbearing rate is around 1.8 — not high , but higher than it was , and , in some cases , reaching the magic replacement level .
There is nothing odd in countries having different population patterns : you would expect that .
But it is odd that countries should clump together into two broad clusters .
That needs explaining .
In the decades after the second world war , rich countries everywhere experienced broadly similar trends .
The bonds of traditional family life began to slacken .
More women got jobs .
People sought enjoyment and satisfaction more and more through individual pursuits , rather than in families .
This social transformation , which also occurred in America and East Asia , led to a demographic bonus ( a bulge of people in work ) and to what might be called the postponement of everything .
People left school later , left home later , married later , had children later .
They also died later .
Low , low fertility Europe
The transition happened throughout Europe , but proceeded at different speeds in different places .
In Scandinavia and the north - west it was gradual and consistent .
In the Mediterranean and central - eastern Europe , it was a stop - start affair .
There the Catholic church , buttressed by military dictatorships , kept “ strong family ” traditions alive .
It encouraged marriage and children , and frowned on illegitimacy and women at work .
This slowed the transition down .
Then , when the dictatorships collapsed ( or , in Italy , when post - war politics unravelled ) , the transition occurred in a rush as countries stampeded towards modernity .
They became democratic and richer .
They saw their cultural life flourish .
And a generation of women started postponing childbirth .
Fertility fell below 1.3 in Italy and Greece .
The demographic bonus became a demographic onus .
Post - communist countries in eastern and central Europe reached the same point by a different route .
Under communism , factories often provided free child care and higher salaries for parents with big families .
But when communism collapsed , such policies disappeared .
Combined with economic uncertainty , this sent post - communist nations tumbling into uncharted territory , with fertility rates falling even more precipitously than they had in the Mediterranean .
But that is not the end of the story .
It explains why fewer children were born at a particular time , but not why childbearing stayed low .
After all , there is no obvious reason why parents should choose to have only one child just because the Berlin Wall has come down .
Events with a huge political significance may be , in demographic terms , just blips from which countries will recover sooner or later .
It is still possible that will happen .
Women who were 20 when the wall fell have not yet reached the end of their child - bearing years .
Perhaps birth rates will bounce back .
But do not bet on it .
Germany not only has low fertility now , but has had for more than a generation .
This suggests that “ exceptionally ” low rates can persist for decades .
Admittedly , points out Michael Teitelbaum of the Sloan School in New York , Germany may simply be odd demographically .
It also had low fertility in the 1920s , when few others did .
But there are other reasons for doubting the “ bounce back ” thesis .
Women in their teens at the time of political transformation in Mediterranean countries are at the end of their child - bearing years .
Their fertility rates have risen , but only slightly .
There is little sign they produced a mini baby boom late in life .
Italy has no more childless women than France and Sweden , countries with much higher fertility rates ( see table ) .
But more Italian mothers have just one child .
The pattern is still more marked in Russia , where a third of mothers have a single child .
One possible explanation is that , squeezed between family obligations from the past and current social arrangements which limit job flexibility or cheap child care , many Italian and Russian women are reacting by satisfying social pressures to produce a family to the smallest possible extent — by having one child .
Such a reaction may be hard to change .
There are also some signs that women in Europe may be having fewer children than they want .
A survey by Eurobarometer , the EU 's pollsters , for example , found that women who had finished bringing up their families said they had wanted ( on average ) 2.3 children .
But they actually had only 2.1 .
Perhaps they were not answering truthfully .
But the evidence does suggest there is a mismatch between desired and actual fertility .
The implications of that are worrying .
Ms Rychtarikova suggests women are postponing , and postponing , and postponing — then finding it is too late to have more children .
This could be for medical , socio- economic , or personal reasons .
But whatever the cause , it seems to mean fertility rates can overshoot downwards .
When that happens , you can get new social norms : a one - child , or no -child policy by example .
In Germany over a quarter of young women are childless , an exceptionally high number .
One study showed that , on average , the number of children German women want is just 1.75 , far below the replacement level .
Another found that a fifth of young German women ( and even more young men ) say that having no children is fine .
This is a sharp contrast with almost all previous surveys , which showed the ideal of the two - child family persisted regardless of what was actually happening in the country .
After two generations , it seems , young Germans have given up the unequal struggle to keep the two - child ideal alive .
In other words , very - low - fertility countries can fall into a trap .
Women defer children in response to one - off changes .
Fertility rates fall .
Deferrals go on longer than expected .
Fertility undershoots .
This changes social norms and you get new family patterns : lots of one - child families in Italy or Russia ; exceptional numbers of childless adults in Germany .
Liberty , fraternity , fecundity
But countries are not doomed to fall into this trap .
Over the past few years , almost a dozen places have not only avoided it , but begun to reverse their decline .
France is leading the way .
Last July the French statistical office announced new population projections .
France 's population , it said , would grow by 9 m from 2005 to 2050 , when it would level off at 70 m .
At that point , assuming Germany 's population continues to fall , France would become the most populous country in western Europe .
If that occurred , it would mark an historic recovery .
France was the largest country in Europe up to the time of Napoleon , when it contained about a fifth of all Europeans and was the world 's third - most - populous nation .
The forecast growth would therefore negate 200 years of French paranoia about its more numerous eastern neighbour .
Since European integration has been spurred , on the French side , by this fear , France 's demographic recovery could have profound political implications for Europe .
France is one of three EU countries with a fertility rate above the magic replacement level ( Denmark and Ireland are the others ) .
It is natural to assume that this is because France also has many Muslim immigrants and Muslims have large families .
Because France does not collect official statistics by religion , it is hard to know whether that assumption is accurate .
But the country does register the birthplace of parents , so that one can calculate the family size of immigrants ; and on the face of it , a study by Laurent Toulemon of the Institut national d'études démographiques appears to confirm the assumption .
He found that immigrant women do indeed have high fertility : 2.5 compared with 1.65 for French - born women .
But because immigrants make up only one - twelfth of women of childbearing age , this raises the national fertility rate only slightly .
However , Mr Toulemon also found that immigrants have a peculiar demographic profile : they are much more likely to have a baby during the first year or two after arriving in France than later .
Young women , it seems , are waiting to conceive until they get to France .
If you adjust their lifetime fertility rate to take account of this bulge of babies on arrival , you find immigrant fertility is about 2.2 , not much above average .
Immigrants are not pushing up the birth rate as much as they seem to be .
It is still possible that second - and third - generation Muslims ( ie , those born in France ) account for a disproportionate share of the country 's high fertility .
It is also possible that even if immigrants in France are not responsible for a higher birth rate , they are in other countries ( Britain recently reported that 21.9 % of births in 2005 were to mothers born outside Britain , compared with just 12.8 % in 1996 ) .
Still , the evidence for all this is patchy ; and it does not suggest that immigrants are responsible for a particularly large part of the overall fertility rise , in France at least .
Of course , like Germany , France is demographically unusual .
It was the first country in the world to experience long - term population decline , starting in the late 18th century .
Had it maintained the same birth rate as Britain since 1800 , France would today have 150 m people , surpassing Russia .
The French have also long supported government policies to encourage more children , which other Europeans have rejected ( perhaps because the Nazis were keen on them ) .
The government still hands out medals for large families .
French culture , the argument runs , is a good thing , so the more French people there are , the better .
But France is not unique .
Official forecasts predict Britain 's population will rise 15 % by 2050 , an extra 9 m people .
For Sweden , the forecasts say the population will grow by about a fifth .
Some of this is the result of immigration and rising longevity but , according to David Coleman , a demographer at Oxford University , the recovery is also the result of older women having more children “ almost sufficient to compensate for the sharply reduced birth rates of younger women ” .
This is exactly what was hoped for , but does not seem to be happening yet , in the Mediterranean and eastern Europe .
If you take account of late childbearing , you find that 16 European countries , with a total population of 234 m , now have fertility rates of 1.8 or more .
Half are above 2.0 .
Despite near - panic about “ inevitably ” declining population , then , some European countries are growing quite strongly .
They are rare examples of bucking the trend that , as countries get richer , their birth rates fall .
Why ?
There are no obvious answers .
The French run policies to increase the birth rate ; the British do not .
Most high - fertility countries are high - tax , high - welfare ones ( France , the Netherlands , Scandinavia ) .
But so is Germany , and its fertility has been declining for decades ; whereas Ireland is not , and its population is growing .
Maybe Ireland and France are responding to Catholic teaching on big families ?
Hardly .
Remember Italy and Poland .
Though it is hard to be sure , the most plausible explanation is that some countries have struck a successful balance between life and work that enables parents to raise children without sacrificing their careers , and that this encourages child - rearing .
If the explanation is right , it does not matter that France doles out presidential medals .
But it does matter that it has an excellent , state - subsidised system of creches , to which mothers are happy to entrust their offspring .
Nor is it just a matter of guaranteeing minimum parental leave — or Germany , with generous provisions , would have lots of babies .
Rather , the evidence suggests a whole host of measures , often designed to achieve other social goals , can boost the birth rate almost as a side - effect .
These measures include a flexible education system ( so parents can go back to school after having children ) ; flexible working hours and , if Scandinavia is anything to go by , a strong emphasis on sexual equality .
This involves a shift of values as much as a change of policies .
Northern countries have removed the stigma from illegitimacy ( France stopped using the term in official documents in 2005 ; 55 % of births in Sweden are outside wedlock ) .
By and large , Mediterranean countries have not , and nor have Muslims in Europe .
High - fertility countries do not merely tolerate mothers with paid employment ; they encourage them to return to work and insist employers keep jobs open .
Go forth and multiply ( a bit )
None of this means that Europe has broken the chains of its demography .
The EU 's overall population will fall by 7 m by 2050 .
The so - called support ratio ( roughly , the proportion of workers to pensioners ) is declining everywhere .
And as Mr Coleman points out , Europe 's share of global population will fall from 21 % now to 7 % by 2050 .
Even its successes are only relative .
A fertility rate of 1.8 is still below replacement .
All the same , small shifts in fertility or the retirement age can go a long way to alleviating the burdens of population decline .
Raising the retirement age by a year or two can make the difference between the solvency and insolvency of pensions .
On current rates , Italy will have a mere 1.4 workers to support each retired person by 2050 .
France and Britain will have a much more favourable age pyramid , with more than two workers per pensioner .
All this is a world away from the other rich country with demographic growth : America .
Much American debate focuses on the role of marriage and the traditional family in fostering a healthy society .
In Europe , by contrast , only countries with many births outside wedlock and with high female participation rates have reasonably high birth rates .
Those that have sought to maintain traditional family ties have seen fertility collapse .
Europeans are only starting the process of recovery .
Compared with America , even the growing parts of the continent have modest fertility rates and high dependency ratios .
But if Europe has a demographic future it lies in Britain , France and Scandinavia , not across the Atlantic .
Portrait of the Modern Terrorist as an Idiot
The recently publicized terrorist plot to blow up John F. Kennedy International Airport , like so many of the terrorist plots over the past few years , is a study in alarmism and incompetence : on the part of the terrorists , our government and the press .
Terrorism is a real threat , and one that needs to be addressed by appropriate means .
But allowing ourselves to be terrorized by wannabe terrorists and unrealistic plots — and worse , allowing our essential freedoms to be lost by using them as an excuse — is wrong .
The alleged plan , to blow up JFK ’s fuel tanks and a small segment of the 40 - mile petroleum pipeline that supplies the airport , was ridiculous .
The fuel tanks are thick - walled , making them hard to damage .
The airport tanks are separated from the pipelines by cutoff valves , so even if a fire broke out at the tanks , it would not back up into the pipelines .
And the pipeline could n’t blow up in any case , since there ’s no oxygen to aid combustion .
Not that the terrorists ever got to the stage — or demonstrated that they could get there — where they actually obtained explosives .
Or even a current map of the airport ’s infrastructure .
But read what Russell Defreitas , the lead terrorist , had to say : “ Anytime you hit Kennedy , it is the most hurtful thing to the United States .
To hit John F. Kennedy , wow… .
They love JFK — he ’s like the man .
If you hit that , the whole country will be in mourning .
It ’s like you can kill the man twice . ”
If these are the terrorists we ’re fighting , we ’ve got a pretty incompetent enemy .
You could n’t tell that from the press reports , though .
“ The devastation that would be caused had this plot succeeded is just unthinkable , ” U.S. Attorney Roslynn R. Mauskopf said at a news conference , calling it “ one of the most chilling plots imaginable . ”
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - Pennsylvania ) added , “ It had the potential to be another 9/11 . ”
These people are just as deluded as Defreitas .
The only voice of reason out there seemed to be New York ’s Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who said : “ There are lots of threats to you in the world .
There ’s the threat of a heart attack for genetic reasons .
You ca n’t sit there and worry about everything .
Get a life ….
You have a much greater danger of being hit by lightning than being struck by a terrorist . ”
And he was widely excoriated for it .
This is n’t the first time a bunch of incompetent terrorists with an infeasible plot have been painted by the media as poised to do all sorts of damage to America .
In May we learned about a six - man plan to stage an attack on Fort Dix by getting in disguised as pizza deliverymen and shooting as many soldiers and Humvees as they could , then retreating without losses to fight again another day .
Their plan , such as it was , went awry when they took a videotape of themselves at weapons practice to a store for duplication and transfer to DVD .
The store clerk contacted the police , who in turn contacted the FBI .
( Thank you to the video store clerk for not overreacting , and to the FBI agent for infiltrating the group . )
The “ Miami 7 , ” caught last year for plotting — among other things — to blow up the Sears Tower , were another incompetent group : no weapons , no bombs , no expertise , no money and no operational skill .
And do n’t forget Iyman Faris , the Ohio trucker who was convicted in 2003 for the laughable plot to take out the Brooklyn Bridge with a blowtorch .
At least he eventually decided that the plan was unlikely to succeed .
I do n’t think these nut jobs , with their movie - plot threats , even deserve the moniker “ terrorist . ”
But in this country , while you have to be competent to pull off a terrorist attack , you do n’t have to be competent to cause terror .
All you need to do is start plotting an attack and — regardless of whether or not you have a viable plan , weapons or even the faintest clue — the media will aid you in terrorizing the entire population .
The most ridiculous JFK Airport - related story goes to the New York Daily News , with its interview with a waitress who served Defreitas salmon ; the front - page headline blared , “ Evil Ate at Table Eight . ”
Following one of these abortive terror misadventures , the administration invariably jumps on the news to trumpet whatever ineffective “ security ” measure they ’re trying to push , whether it be national ID cards , wholesale National Security Agency eavesdropping or massive data mining .
Never mind that in all these cases , what caught the bad guys was old - fashioned police work — the kind of thing you ’d see in decades - old spy movies .
The administration repeatedly credited the apprehension of Faris to the NSA ’s warrantless eavesdropping programs , even though it ’s just not true .
The 9/11 terrorists were no different ; they succeeded partly because the FBI and CIA did n’t follow the leads before the attacks .
Even the London liquid bombers were caught through traditional investigation and intelligence , but this does n’t stop Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff from using them to justify ( . pdf ) access to airline passenger data .
Of course , even incompetent terrorists can cause damage .
This has been repeatedly proven in Israel , and if shoe - bomber Richard Reid had been just a little less stupid and ignited his shoes in the lavatory , he might have taken out an airplane .
So these people should be locked up … assuming they are actually guilty , that is .
Despite the initial press frenzies , the actual details of the cases frequently turn out to be far less damning .
Too often it ’s unclear whether the defendants are actually guilty , or if the police created a crime where none existed before .
The JFK Airport plotters seem to have been egged on by an informant , a twice - convicted drug dealer .
An FBI informant almost certainly pushed the Fort Dix plotters to do things they would n’t have ordinarily done .
The Miami gang ’s Sears Tower plot was suggested by an FBI undercover agent who infiltrated the group .
And in 2003 , it took an elaborate sting operation involving three countries to arrest an arms dealer for selling a surface - to - air missile to an ostensible Muslim extremist .
Entrapment is a very real possibility in all of these cases .
The rest of them stink of exaggeration .
Jose Padilla was not actually prepared to detonate a dirty bomb in the United States , despite histrionic administration claims to the contrary .
Now that the trial is proceeding , the best the government can charge him with is conspiracy to murder , kidnap and maim , and it seems unlikely that the charges will stick .
An alleged ringleader of the U.K. liquid bombers , Rashid Rauf , had charges of terrorism dropped for lack of evidence ( of the 25 arrested , only 16 were charged ) .
And now it seems like the JFK mastermind was more talk than action , too .
Remember the “ Lackawanna Six , ” those terrorists from upstate New York who pleaded guilty in 2003 to “ providing support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization ” ?
They entered their plea because they were threatened with being removed from the legal system altogether .
We have no idea if they were actually guilty , or of what .
Even under the best of circumstances , these are difficult prosecutions .
Arresting people before they ’ve carried out their plans means trying to prove intent , which rapidly slips into the province of thought crime .
Regularly the prosecution uses obtuse religious literature in the defendants ’ homes to prove what they believe , and this can result in courtroom debates on Islamic theology .
And then there ’s the issue of demonstrating a connection between a book on a shelf and an idea in the defendant ’s head , as if your reading of this article — or purchasing of my book — proves that you agree with everything I say .
( The Atlantic recently published a fascinating article on this . )
I ’ll be the first to admit that I do n’t have all the facts in any of these cases .
None of us do .
So let ’s have some healthy skepticism .
Skepticism when we read about these terrorist masterminds who were poised to kill thousands of people and do incalculable damage .
Skepticism when we ’re told that their arrest proves that we need to give away our own freedoms and liberties .
And skepticism that those arrested are even guilty in the first place .
There is a real threat of terrorism .
And while I ’m all in favor of the terrorists ’ continuing incompetence , I know that some will prove more capable .
We need real security that does n’t require us to guess the tactic or the target : intelligence and investigation — the very things that caught all these terrorist wannabes — and emergency response .
But the “ war on terror ” rhetoric is more politics than rationality .
We should n’t let the politics of fear make us less safe .
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
EDITED TO ADD ( 6/14 ) : Another essay on the topic .
Posted on June 14 , 2007 at 8:28 AM • 107 Comments
21 Reasons not to have kids
- For those who already have children past this age , this is hilarious .
- For those who have children nearing this age , this is a warning .
- For those who have not yet had children , this is birth control .
The following came from an anonymous mother in Austin , TX .
Things I 've learned from my children
1 . A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2,000 sq. foot house 4 inches deep .
2 . If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades , they can ignite .
3. A 3 - year - old 's voice is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant .
4 . If you hook a dog leash over a ceiling fan , the motor is not strong enough to rotate a 42 pound boy wearing Batman underwear and a Superman cape .
It is strong enough , however , to spread paint on all four walls of a 20X20 foot room .
5 . You should not throw baseballs up when the ceiling fan is on .
When using the ceiling fan as a bat , you have to throw the ball up a few times before you get a hit .
A ceiling fan can hit a baseball a long way .
6 . The glass in windows ( even double pane ) does n't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan .
7 . When you hear the toilet flush and the words , " Uh- oh " , it 's already too late .
8. Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke , and lots of it .
9 . A six - year - old can start a fire with a flint rock even though a 36 - year - old man says they can only do it in the movies .
A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day .
10 . Certain Lego's will pass through the digestive tract of a four - year - old .
11 . Play Dough and Microwave should never be used in the same sentence .
12 . Super glue is forever .
13 .
No matter how much Jell - O you put in a swimming pool , you still can't walk on water .
14 . Pool filters do not like Jell - O .
15 . VCR's do not eject PB&J sandwiches even though TV commercials show they do .
16 . Garbage bags do not make good parachutes .
17 . Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise when driving .
18 . You probably do not want to know what that odor is .
19 .
Always look in the oven before you turn it on .
Plastic toys do not like ovens .
20 .
The fire department in Austin has a 5 minute response time .
21 . The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earth worms dizzy .
It will , however , make cats dizzy , and cats throw up twice their body weight when dizzy .
---------------------------------------
101 Reasons Why Cats Make Great Kids
Ten Reasons Not to Hit Your Сhildren
Reasons NOT To Have Kids
50 Reasons Why EMINEM Is Bad For Music
Thousands of developers are attending the conference
Chief executive Steve Jobs said Apple " dream big " and wanted to expand the 4.9 % market share Safari enjoys .
Mr Jobs was speaking at a conference of developers for Apple products in San Francisco , California .
He said Safari was " the fastest browser on Windows " , saying it was twice as fast as Internet Explorer .
A test version of Safari 3 for Windows XP , Vista and Apple Macs running OSX , is available for download from the Apple website .
Apple is hoping to replicate the success of iTunes , which has proved enormously popular on both Macs and Windows machines .
" We think Windows users are going to be really impressed when they see how fast and intuitive web browsing can be with Safari , " said Mr Jobs .
Mr Jobs used the conference to lift the lid on new features of its forthcoming operating system ( OS ) for Macs , called Leopard .
Stacks desktop
He said the OS has 300 new features and demoed 10 , including a new organisational system for the desktop called Stacks and a new folder system which lets users browse files and applications visually , just as music lovers can browse album covers in iTunes .
He also unveiled Quick Look , a feature which lets users preview files , such as movies , photos and documents , without having to open up a related application .
For example , users will be able to preview a movie file without having to open up QuickTime .
Leopard is due for release in October and will cost $ 129 ( £ 89 ) .
JupiterResearch analyst Michael Gartenberg said the new features would give developers " the tools to create the next generation of applications " .
Writing on his blog , he said : " Apple has once again taken their platform to the next step and given developers the framework they need .
It also looks and feels really cool and perhaps that 's even more important . "
Mr Jobs also gave the greenlight to third - party development of new applications for its forthcoming iPhone mobile phone .
In a u-turn from a previously stated policy , he said developers would be able to build web applications for the device that " extend the capabilities of iPhone ... but keep the iPhone secure " .
Web standards
Instead of having to test each and every new application themselves , Apple will allow developers to build web applications for the phone which run inside the device 's web browser Safari and which were built on existing web standards .
Games giant Electronic
Arts were also on stage to announce a series of titles that would be released for the Mac .
The latest Harry Potter game , Battlefield 2142 , Tiger Woods , Need for Speed Carbon and Madden are all to be released for the plaform , in major boost to gaming on Macs .
Games legend John Carmack , of Id software , also announced that the firm was working on an un-named project for Apple Macs , as well as other major platforms .
Speaking Of Forgeries
So Henry Waxman is going to be delving more deeply into the uranium - from - Niger crap .
But I do n't think anyone knows anything at all about these other forgeries , described in George Tenet 's new book , p. 356 :
The Iraq - al - Qa'ida controversy continued , even after Saddam was long gone from power .
Once U.S. forces reached Baghdad , they discovered — stacked where they could easily find them — purported Iraqi intelligence services documents that showed much tighter links between Saddam and Zarqawi and Saddam and al - Qa'ida .
CIA analysts worked with the U.S. Secret Service to have the paper and ink checked and tried to verify the names and information in the documents .
Time and again , documents that were supposedly produced in the early 1990s turned out to be forgeries .
CIA officers interviewed Iraqi intelligence officers in Baghdad who also discounted the authenticity of the documents .
It was obvious that someone was trying to mislead us .
But these raw , unevaluated documents that painted a more nefarious picture of Iraq and al - Qa'ida continued to show up in the hands of senior administration officials without having gone through normal intelligence channels .
It might be nice if someone , you know , looked into this .
So Microsoft has decided to specify licensing terms for anyone who wants to develop an Office 2007 style UI .
I can't help but think that this is somewhat hypocritical considering Microsoft was the beneficiary of a rather important case against Apple regarding copying of user interface ideas .
I also find it odd that Microsoft is using licensing techniques to enforce the way the ribbon and similar ideas work instead of just making the actual component implementations available to everyone thus guaranteeing that they always work the same way ( including in future updates ) .
I also found the comment below interesting :
You can use the UI in open source projects as long as the license terms are consistent with our license .
Given that you have to ensure that the UI guidelines are met , I 'd be surprised if this were compatible with the GPL and it certainly goes very much against open source ideals and discourages innovation and improvements .
Even worse though is the limitation :
There 's only one limitation : if you are building a program which directly competes with Word , Excel , PowerPoint , Outlook , or Access ( the Microsoft applications with the new UI ) , you can't obtain the royalty - free license .
Given that Word itself copies quite a few ideas from other earlier word processors ( including the very idea of a word processor ) it bothers me a fair bit that they 'd add this limitation , especially considering they have a monopoly on Office anyway – they do n't really need to add more barriers to entry .
Lately it seems like Microsoft is really ramping up its legal team as a new source of competitive advantage and income .
I can't see how that could end well for the IT industry or for technology users .
Most people do n't appreciate an angry look , but a new University of Michigan psychology study found that some people find angry expressions so rewarding that they will readily learn ways to encourage them .
" It 's kind of striking that an angry facial expression is consciously valued as a very negative signal by almost everyone , yet at a non-conscious level can be like a tasty morsel that some people will vigorously work for , " said Oliver Schultheiss , co-author of the study and a U - M associate professor of psychology .
The findings may explain why some people like to tease each other so much , he added .
" Perhaps teasers are reinforced by that fleeting ' annoyed look ' on someone else 's face and therefore will continue to heckle that person to get that look again and again , " he said .
" As long as it does not stay there for long , it 's not perceived as a threat , but as a reward . "
The researchers took saliva samples from participants to measure testosterone , a hormone that has been associated with dominance motivation .
Participants then worked on a " learning task " in which one complex sequence of keypresses was followed by an angry face on the screen , another sequence was followed by a neutral face , and a third sequence was followed by no face .
Participants who were high in testosterone relative to other members of their sex learned the sequence that was followed by an angry face better than the other sequences , while participants low in testosterone did not show this learning advantage for sequences that were reinforced by an angry face .
Notably , this effect emerged more strongly in response to faces that were presented subliminally , that is , too fast to allow conscious identification .
Perhaps just as noteworthy , participants were not aware of the patterns in the sequences of keypresses as they learned them .
While high - testosterone participants showed better learning in response to anger faces , they were unaware of the fact that they learned anything in the first place and unaware of what kind of faces had reinforced their learning .
Michelle Wirth , the lead author of the study and now a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , added : " Better learning of a task associated with anger faces indicates that the anger faces were rewarding , as in a rat that learns to press a lever in order to receive a tasty treat .
In that sense , anger faces seemed to be rewarding for high - testosterone people , but aversive for low - testosterone people . "
She said the findings contribute to a body of research suggesting that perceived emotional facial expressions are important signals to help guide human behavior , even if people are not aware that they do so .
" The human brain may have built - in mechanisms to detect and respond to emotions perceived in others , " she said .
" However , what an emotional facial expression , such as anger , ' means ' to a given individual — whether it is something to pursue or avoid , for example — can vary . "
U -M psychology researchers Michelle Wirth and Schultheiss , the authors of the study , published their findings in the journal Physiology and Behavior .
Special Report : Light Rail How to Shift our Transport Paradigm : Learning from Grenoble Re-balancing our urban transport network is possible , but it takes time and a real political campaign to change people 's minds .
By Nicholas Kevlahan
Published May 18 , 2007
A streetcar station in downtown Grenoble .
In a recent article for Raise the Hammer , I described the impressive public transport system the city of Grenoble ( France ) has developed over the last twenty years .
Its centrepiece is a modern streetcar network , but it has also included extensive re-engineering of the streets to make them friendlier to pedestrians and cyclists .
When compared to Hamilton , where transit use has actually declined over those same twenty years , one wonders how they did it .
Was it simply a result of progressive mayors ?
Did the national government mandate the changes ?
Has Grenoble always had an excellent public transport system ?
I recently returned to Grenoble for a visit , and was lucky to meet the driving force behind many of these changes .
It turns out that the change began over 30 years ago , in 1974 , when Jean Sivardière helped found the Association pour le Développement des Transports en Commun ( ADTC , association for the development of public transport ) .
Sivardière recalled that in 1973 Grenoble 's public transit system had serious problems .
Ridership was declining , service was poor and the system was in deficit .
Only about eight percent of trips were made using public transit ( similar to the figure for Hamilton today ) .
The mayor at that time was left - leaning and socially progressive , but he still thought of public transit as a social service for the poor who could n't afford their own car .
Transport planning was based on the automobile : more freeways , road widening and increasing convenience and speed for motorists .
Minor improvements to public transit might be considered provided they did n't interfere with motorists .
This will sound familiar to residents of Hamilton !
Not surprisingly , Sivardière did n't get far trying to convince the mayor of the need for a profound shift in the Grenoble 's transportation thinking .
He realized that it was n't enough for individuals to write letters to the newspaper , or to try to lobby the mayor and city officials .
In order to be taken seriously Sivardière needed numbers : he needed to form a sort of municipal NGO .
Fifteen concerned citizens founded ADTC in 1974 , and just one year later they had over a thousant paid - up members !
In 1976 ADTC organized a bicycle festival that attracted over six thousand people .
City officials were beginning to pay attention .
A selection of some of the ADTC magazine 's recent covers .
ADTC's First Task
The first task of the ADTC was to fight for improvements to the bus system .
Their strategy was to argue for :
Increased bus frequency
Fixed ticket prices
Priority for buses on downtown streets
Upgraded equipment
The ADTC also fought against the myth that one can improve public transit ( and conditions for cyclists and pedestrians ) without interfering with motorists .
Driving has to be made less convenient and public transit more convenient before people will switch .
Sivardière emphasized , however , that it is important not to make motorists feel guilty .
He himself owns a car and uses it for those trips where public transit is not practical .
The goal is to get people to use public transit ( or cycle or walk ) for regular trips , like commuting and shopping .
Paradoxically , increasing transit use actually makes the occasional car trip easier and more pleasant !
By cutting down on car use we reduce pollution , improve physical fitness and reclaim our city streets for people .
Main
St in downtown Hamilton is clearly designed for cars only ; there is no street life and few businesses .
It was n't always like this , and it does n't need to be that way in the future .
Modern Streetcar Network
The simplest way of getting people to take transit is to build a modern streetcar network .
The streetcars take space from the cars ( putting the city on a " road diet " , as recommended by one of the transportation experts at the recent Hamilton Pedestrian Workshop ) , and are much more comfortable and convenient than buses .
They also have a larger capacity ( the current generation can carry 300 passengers each compared with about 75 for a standard bus ) .
Furthermore , streetcar lines are a concrete demonstration of the city 's commitment to public transit , and attract new investment wherever they pass .
However , the mayor felt that although streetcars were okay for the orderly Swiss , they would never work in France .
He was pushing for the POMA 2000 , a futuristic system of small cable driven cars criss - crossing the city high in the air .
Thus began the ADTC 's most difficult and most influential campaign .
The mayor finally accepted that streetcars were the solution , but then lost power .
The new right - wing mayor was personally in favour of streetcars , but felt his constituency would never support it .
Small business owners in particular were against the plan as they worried that it would reduce parking and vehicle traffic outside their shops .
In the end the new mayor decided he would hold a referendum .
The ADTC campaigned hard , countering many anti-streetcar myths , and in the end the yes side won with 52 percent .
The first line was built in 1987 , and the rest is history .
New Ways of Financing
How did Grenoble finance its public transport revolution ?
After all , the first objection is always cost .
In Grenoble 25 percent comes from fares , 25 percent from the municipality and 50 percent comes from a special transport tax on businesses ( one to two percent of employee salaries ) .
In addition , the national government contributed 20 percent of the construction costs of the streetcar system .
It is interesting to note that in Hamilton 55 percent comes from fares and most of the remaining 45 percent comes from property tax .
Users here are paying proportionally more than twice as much for an inferior service !
We should also be looking at more creative ways of financing public transit .
Money from the gas tax is a step in the right direction , but the federal and provincial governments need to get more involved .
The ADTC continues to be very active ( especially on pedestrian and cycling issues ) , and publishes a glossy monthly magazine for its members on issues related to public transit , cycling and pedestrians .
It also distributes press releases , organizes public meetings and demonstrations , responds to the press and conducts research into transport issues .
In 1978 it helped found the Fédération Nationale des Associations d'Usagers des Transports ( FNAUT , national federation of transport users ) that now represents 150 similar organizations with about 40 000 members in total .
Sivardière was president of the ADTC for ten years , and is the current president of the FNAUT .
If there is one message I took away from my meeting with Jean Sivardière , it was this : re-balancing our urban transport network is possible , but it takes time and a real political campaign to change people 's minds .
However , if you visit Grenoble I 'm sure you 'll agree that the results are worth it !
Nicholas Kevlahan was born and raised in Vancouver , and then spent eight years in England and France before returning to Canada in 1998 .
He has been a Hamiltonian since then , and is a strong believer in the potential of this city .
Although he spends most of his time as a mathematician , he is also a passionate amateur urbanist and a fan of good design .
You can often spot him strolling the streets of the downtown , shopping at the Market .
Nicholas is the spokesperson for Hamilton Light Rail .
6 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
前口上
もともとこのエントリを書こうと思い立ったのはETech会場はMacだらけ、というid:naoyaさんや他の参加者の報告に刺激されたからだったりするんだけど、中でid:iRSSさんが次のように書いている:
これは確かにその通りで、とても簡潔な表現なんだけど真実を伝えてはいる。ただ、あまりに簡潔すぎるというかなんというか。まあ誤解はないとは思うけど、Unixであることは別にそれ自体が目的になってしまうわけはないのであって、だから一部のgeekはUnixさわってるだけでしあわせだから、そこの狭いマーケットにうまくはまっただけ、というわけではぜんぜんない。だから市場的なインパクトはないだろうという予想は当を得ていないと私は思う。本当はUnixであることを手段として、それで何が実現されているか、ということに価値がある。そのへんを詳しく説明してみることはできるかなー、と思ったわけ。
そういうわけで、万人に向けてMacをオススメするためのメッセージ、というわけではなく、だいたいが私と同じようなwebとかインターネットとかプログラミングとかそういうことに関わって毎日過ごしている、というような人に対して、Macがいかにあなたにフィットしているか、ということを書いてみようと思う。
要するにこの日記を読んでるようなとても狭い範囲の人(のみ)に向けて書く、ということです。では行くよ。
( 書き始めたら、5時間くらいかかったよ。しかもまだ残ってるし..)
CNN just reported , they fired him and issued a blistering statement , finding him guilty of " sexually immoral conduct . "
And as CNN notes , as president of the National Assocation of Evangelicals , he represented 30 million evangelicals .
That 's one in ten Americans .
And as CNN just asked , is n't he going to be arrested ?
He admitted to buying illegal drugs .
What does Cong. Marilyn Musgrave ( R - CO ) think about all of this , does she think Haggard should be arrested ?
After all , Musgrave was posturing on the crystal meth issue just this past summer - so where is she on it now ?
Here is the statement from Haggard 's church :
November 4 , 2006
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
New Life Church
Colorado Springs , Colorado
We , the Overseer Board of New Life Church , have concluded our deliberations concerning the moral failings of Pastor Ted Haggard .
Our investigation and Pastor Haggard 's public statements have proven without a doubt that he has committed sexually immoral conduct .
The language of our church bylaws state that as Overseers we must decide in cases where the Senior Pastor has " demonstrated immoral conduct " whether we must " remove the pastor from his position or to discipline him in any way they deem necessary . "
In consultation with leading evangelicals and experts familiar with the type of behavior Pastor Haggard has demonstrated , we have decided that the most positive and productive direction for our church is his dismissal and removal .
In addition , the Overseers will continue to explore the depth of Pastor Haggard 's offense so that a plan of healing and restoration can begin .
Pastor Haggard and his wife have been informed of this decision .
They have agreed as well that he should be dismissed and that a new pastor for New Life Church should be selected according to the rules of replacement in the bylaws .
That process will begin immediately in hopes that a new pastor can be confirmed by the end of the year 2006 .
In the interim , Ross Parsley will function as the leader of the church with full support of the Overseers .
A letter of explanation and apology by Pastor Haggard as well as a word of encouragement from Gayle Haggard will be read in the 9:00 and 11:00 service of New Life Church .
Well , it definitely is n’t in one regard .
I was able to delete my usr ( Unix ) folder .
Yes , my usr folder .
How did this happen ?
Well , one of the programs I installed caused this lovely little Unix hidden folder to become exposed .
Knowing that I already have a Users folder and the multiple Library folder (s ) , it seemed reasonable to delete it .
WRONG .
Okay , first let ’s try to figure out why this folder was exposed .
I have a Maxtor Fusion NAS to store photos , music , data , etc. for both laptops on the home network .
The Fusion has a built - in Web server to share data with external users .
The Fusion requires a dynamic DNS .
I use NO - IP.com to manage this for me ( and because it is free ) .
The NO - IP.com Mac client is great in managing the dynamic DNS .
Further , the NO - IP.com folks are great for support .
Unfortunately , it seems that this little app is the culprit in exposing my usr folder ( bug filed — received a reply — did n’t solve problem ) .
So , what happened ?
Well , yesterday I wanted to clean up my Mac by removing apps and using Cocktail to clean up caches and such .
While perusing my hard disk , I saw this folder and thought , “ I do n’t need this ” ( as mentioned above ) .
Wrong thought indeed .
This caused some very unexpected results .
Once the Finder began to delete the folder , the machine locked up and my apps began to self - terminate .
I forced a reboot by powering down and then powering up the Mac again , which resulted in the spinning cursor of death .
I then called my close friend Phil who manages Mac IT support at Children ’s Hospital in Oakland , CA .
Well , he confirmed the situation ( including my limited knowledge ) and provided the recommendation on how to get my system restored .
Within four hours and after reinstalling the OS , life was normalized .
What did I learn ?
The usr folder is a UNIX folder that should not be made visible .
And yet , mine was visible ( and with the reinstall of NO - IP ’s client , it is again made visible ) .
Further , this is a highly critical folder containing key information about the OS .
Was this folder mentioned in the Mac documentation ?
Nope .
Was this folder name something easily discovered online ?
Reasonably so , although I did n’t think to go looking until after the debacle .
Imagine if I was a novice user … yikes !
Support calls , yelling , crying , and more .
Woohoo !
What a party .
I still consider myself to be relatively new to the Mac , although I do have familiarity from yore .
Nevertheless , this is not the intuitive and simple way Macs should work .
OS X ’s underlying architecture provides amazing power given that it is based in Unix .
However , do Mom & Pop care about this ?
Nope .
Do they care that it just works ?
Yup .
Do they care what the usr folder is ?
Nope .
Do they even want to know about it ?
Nope .
You get the picture .
For those who know much more than I , enjoy the laugh at my expense .
For those who know less , beware of your own mistakes .
You can still cripple a Macintosh computer .
Lastly …
Anyone out there know how to fix the permissions on my usr folder so I can hide it again ?
And yes , I did repair permissions using Disk Utility ( as well as Cocktail ) .
M
MSNBC's Tucker Carlson invites Ron Paul to give ' freedom tutorial ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday June 7 , 2007 Print This Email
This " It is n't easy standing alone as one of the last true small - government conservatives in today 's Republican Party , " said Tucker Carlson in introducing guest Ron Paul for an interview Wednesday on MSNBC .
" It 's sort of strange that they 'd call me ' eccentric ' and ' strange ' when I defend the Constitution , " responded Paul , " but I think that 's the point where we 've gotten to , where defending the Constitution is a little bit different . "
" I think the party 's in shambles , " Paul continued .
" I 'm considered pretty conservative ... and yet they think that I do n't fit in , and I 've even been asked to leave the Republican Party .
But they wo n't admit that the foreign policy is flawed and that the war is the real issue .
And if they do n't admit to that , I do n't see how they can come up with a candidate that 's going to be electable . "
" I 've been working hard to bring the conservatives and the non-interventionists and the anti-war people into the Republican Party , " he went on , " because we do have a tradition in the Republican Party that represented these views .
But I have to admit , in the last six years , it 's been undermined .
...
I 'm afraid that if we do n't get a candidate in either party that represents these views , I think there 's going to be a lot of Americans that are going to take a walk . "
Paul was then asked about Rudy Giuliani 's support for a national ID card and responded , " It 's all done in the name of safety , everybody 's frightened to death , and if you do n't sacrifice your liberties you can't be safe .
And yet the dangers exist , but they 're not quite bad enough -- and they never should be bad enough -- to sacrifice liberty .
There 's no reason to sacrifice liberty in thinking that you 're going to be safer . "
" Amen , " concluded Carlson .
" I hope you can come on regularly , just for a tutorial on what it means to be free . "
The following video is from MSNBC's Tucker , broadcast on June 6 .
Partial transcript , courtesy of Utahns for Ron Paul 2008 : Ron Paul : ... we do have a tradition in the Republican party that represented these [ non- interventionist and anti-war ] views ; but , I have to admit that in the last six years it 's been undermined ...
I think the message that has to be gotten out is that conservatives can be opposed to military adventurism and wars and huge spending that entails operating an empire .
And if we do n't accept that message , I do n't know what [ the Republicans ] are going to do .
I think a lot of them are just going to flat out stay home because you 're right -- the Democrats do n't offer a real option ...
I 'm afraid that if we do n't get a candidate in either party that represents these views , I think there 're going to be a lot of Americans that are going to take a walk .
Tucker Carlson :
You said last night that no candidate here is willing to remove the pre-emptive nuclear strike option against a country that has done no harm to us directly and is no threat to our national security .
But there is evidence , actually , that Iran funded the bombing of the barracks in Beirut in 1983 that killed all those US marines , and they do fund terrorism .
I mean , it 's not like Iraq circa 2002 -- we know that Iran has funded terror .
They 're not a threat at all to us ?
Ron Paul :
Not really ... this idea that they 're on the verge of having a weapon and that we have to put anti-balistic missiles up in Europe because the Iranians might attack us -- I mean , that 's a bit of a stretch .
No , they 're not capable of it .
They do n't have an airforce .
They do n't have a real military .
They have essentially no navy .
... you say , well , they 've said nasty things against Israel .
Israel could wipe Iran off the face of the earth with a few nuclear weapons in no time .
The Iranians are n't going to attack , I mean , they talk beligerently , but so did Kruschev .
They talked about burying us , and yet we stood up to the Soviets , I mean , they have 40,000 nuclear weapons .
So this idea that we have to be so bold and so intimidating , and looking for another war , or to spread the current war I mean , we have enough problems on our hands , and yet here we are threatening to spread the war in to Iran .
I think it 's very , very dangerous , and it does n't make any sense to me .
Tucker Carlson :
If you get in an argument with someone about the national ID card , the argument you 're likely to get is , " Well , gee , the credit cards have a lot of information on you and you do n't feel like your liberty is being abridged because of that . "
Why is a national ID card a threat to liberty ?
Ron Paul :
Well , one is private and one is government .
I do n't want the government snooping on me .
I would give my fingerprint to Continental Airlines the airlines I fly in order to get through the line and be assured that I 'm a safe passenger .
But I do n't want to do it with the government .
The government is there to protect privacy , not to invade our privacy .
Now our government , it does more to protect their secrecy and they violate our privacy .
So there 's a big difference and a credit card company -- if they violate our privacy , then you can use the government to enforce laws , because they promised me to keep my privacy confidential .
Sometimes you stumble upon those news pieces that really should n't be funny , but make one laugh anyway .
I feel like a real ass for snickering here , but this past Tuesday in Brazil , a gang known as La Firma kidnapped the highest scorer in the online game Gunbound , forced him under threat of death into an Internet cafe ' and then had him give up his point - laden account for sale on the online black market .
The plan was genius in its simplicity -- they set up the anonymous gamer on a date with what he believed would be a real life female .
As we all know , such treasures are irresistable to gamers .
We would n't stop playing The Haloz if the house was on fire , but present us with a chance to get laid and we 'd break our own fingers .
Instead of a quick trip to Burger King and an awkward back alley fumble however , the hapless gamer was instead faced with a gun wielding gang member who forced him to fork over his account .
Without so much as a lovebite , the now - pointless player was released back into the wild like so many unwanted Pokemans , while La Firma put the points up for purchase online -- a purchase worth $ 8,000 to any idiot willing to pay .
According to Xinhua News , Brazilian police were able to arrest the gang , which consisted of Tamires Rodrigues Vieira , 19 , Anderson Faquini , 19 ; Alexsander Kaiser Pereira , 27 ; and Igor da Silva Carvalho , 27 , as well as claim all manner of electronic swag .
While this story has a happy ending , I presume , there is still the horrifying reality that people are willing to pay thousands of dollars just to have high Gunbound scores , making these kinds of crimes possible .
We truly live in a warped and desecrated world .
[ Via GameRush Entertainment and a little nudge from The Burling ]
When a man fails to help out around the house , his poor performance might be related to a subconscious tendency to resist doing anything his wife wants , a new study suggests .
Men and women are sure to argue about this one .
In fact , the man and woman who led the study disagree on the meaning of the results .
Psychologists have long known about " reactance , " the tendency to do the exact opposite of what 's requested by a loved one or boss .
The new study aimed to find out whether the phenomenon might occur at a subconscious level .
Participants were asked to name a significant person they perceived as controlling their lives , and another who just wanted them to have fun .
Then they were asked to discern words from jumbled letters on a computer screen while the names of the people they had mentioned were flashed subliminally .
The names were flashed too quickly to be registered consciously .
Subjects performed better when exposed to the name of the person who wanted them to have fun than when exposed to the controlling individual 's name .
" Our participants were not even aware that they had been exposed to someone else 's name , yet that nonconscious exposure was enough to cause them to act in defiance of what their significant other would want them to do , " said Gavan Fitzsimons , a professor of marketing and psychology at Duke University .
Further testing found that study participants who were more reactant responded more strongly to the subliminal cues and had a wider performance gap .
" People with a tendency toward reactance may nonconsciously and quite unintentionally act in a counterproductive manner simply because they are trying to resist someone else 's encroachment on their freedom , " said Tanya Chartrand , also a professor of marketing and psychology at Duke .
Do Subliminal Messages Really Work ?
Chartrand 's own experiences were the impetus for this study .
" My husband , while very charming in many ways , has an annoying tendency of doing exactly the opposite of what I would like him to do in many situations , " Chartrand said .
Oh , her husband ?
That would be Fitzsimons .
Chartrand said her husband " should now be better equipped to suppress his reactant tendencies . "
But Fitzsimons said the results " suggest that reactance to significant others is so automatic that I can't possibly be expected to control it if I do n't even know it 's happening . "
The findings related to this marital spat , announced this week , were published online by the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
Try Ruby
Why the lucky stiff has created a beautiful interactive ruby lesson [ it does n't work very well in Safari yet ; try Firefox ] .
See his notes on what people try to do with it :
>> while true ; puts ' Joe Junkpan ' end I love it .
That ’s going to hurt you a lot more than it hurts me .
Do n’t forget not to type Symbol.all_symbols . >> format c : >> cd c:\ >> delete c:\
Oh no , my MP3s !
My Usher collection !
NO !
David Cohen , who showed me the page , said
First of all , this is fun and cool .
Second of all , it gets people ( ok , it got me ) over the issue of getting around to doing it -- the instant gratification works wonders .
Third , perhaps someone should set something like this up for Lisp ?
It got me to play with it .
Posted by jjwiseman at November 30 , 2005 08:30 PM
Adzerk 's APIs make it easy for engineers and PMs to build their own server - side , fully - customized ad server .
Top e-retailers and user communities use Adzerk to build innovative ad servers to promote anything from native ads to internal content to sponsored listings ( where vendors and sellers pay ...
BIG cities pack a punch equal to some national economies .
Tokyo and New York , for example , have a GDP roughly equal to that of Canada .
These cities will continue to hold the top spots in 2020 , according to PricewaterhouseCoopers , a consultancy .
Paris 's high position is more of a mystery , however , given the poor performance of the French economy in recent years .
Although the top 15 is dominated now by the developed world , by 2020 more emerging - market cities , such as São Paulo , will feature .
AFP
The Trouble with the Turing Test
Mark Halpern
In the October 1950 issue of the British quarterly Mind , Alan Turing published a 28 - page paper titled “ Computing Machinery and Intelligence . ”
It was recognized almost instantly as a landmark .
In 1956 , less than six years after its publication in a small periodical read almost exclusively by academic philosophers , it was reprinted in The World of Mathematics , an anthology of writings on the classic problems and themes of mathematics and logic , most of them written by the greatest mathematicians and logicians of all time .
( In an act that presaged much of the confusion that followed regarding what Turing really said , James Newman , editor of the anthology , silently re-titled the paper “ Can a Machine Think ? ” )
Since then , it has become one of the most reprinted , cited , quoted , misquoted , paraphrased , alluded to , and generally referenced philosophical papers ever published .
It has influenced a wide range of intellectual disciplines — artificial intelligence ( AI ) , robotics , epistemology , philosophy of mind — and helped shape public understanding , such as it is , of the limits and possibilities of non-human , man-made , artificial “ intelligence . ”
Turing ’s paper claimed that suitably programmed digital computers would be generally accepted as thinking by around the year 2000 , achieving that status by successfully responding to human questions in a human - like way .
In preparing his readers to accept this idea , he explained what a digital computer is , presenting it as a special case of the “ discrete state machine ” ; he offered a capsule explanation of what “ programming ” such a machine means ; and he refuted — at least to his own satisfaction — nine arguments against his thesis that such a machine could be said to think .
( All this groundwork was needed in 1950 , when few people had even heard of computers . )
But these sections of his paper are not what has made it so historically significant .
The part that has seized our imagination , to the point where thousands who have never seen the paper nevertheless clearly remember it , is Turing ’s proposed test for determining whether a computer is thinking — an experiment he calls the Imitation Game , but which is now known as the Turing Test .
The Test calls for an interrogator to question a hidden entity , which is either a computer or another human being .
The questioner must then decide , based solely on the hidden entity ’s answers , whether he had been interrogating a man or a machine .
If the interrogator cannot distinguish computers from humans any better than he can distinguish , say , men from women by the same means of interrogation , then we have no good reason to deny that the computer that deceived him was thinking .
And the only way a computer could imitate a human being that successfully , Turing implies , would be to actually think like a human being .
Turing ’s thought experiment was simple and powerful , but problematic from the start .
Turing does not argue for the premise that the ability to convince an unspecified number of observers , of unspecified qualifications , for some unspecified length of time , and on an unspecified number of occasions , would justify the conclusion that the computer was thinking — he simply asserts it .
Some of his defenders have tried to supply the underpinning that Turing himself apparently thought unnecessary by arguing that the Test merely asks us to judge the unseen entity in the same way we regularly judge our fellow humans : if they answer our questions in a reasonable way , we say they ’re thinking .
Why not apply the same criterion to other , non -human entities that might also think ?
But this defense fails , because we do not really judge our fellow humans as thinking beings based on how they answer our questions — we generally accept any human being on sight and without question as a thinking being , just as we distinguish a man from a woman on sight .
A conversation may allow us to judge the quality or depth of another ’s thought , but not whether he is a thinking being at all ; his membership in the species Homo sapiens settles that question — or rather , prevents it from even arising .
If such a person ’s words were incoherent , we might judge him to be stupid , injured , drugged , or drunk .
If his responses seemed like nothing more than reshufflings and echoes of the words we had addressed to him , or if they seemed to parry or evade our questions rather than address them , we might conclude that he was not acting in good faith , or that he was gravely brain - damaged and thus accidentally deprived of his birthright ability to think .
Perhaps our automatic attribution of thinking ability to anyone who is visibly human is deplorably superficial , lacking in philosophic or scientific rigor .
But for better or worse , that is what we do , and our concept of thinking being is tightly bound up , first , with human appearance , and then with coherence of response .
If we are to credit some non -human entity with thinking , that entity had better respond in such a way as to make us see it , in our mind ’s eye , as a human being .
And Turing , to his credit , accepted that criterion .
Turing expressed his judgment that computers can think in the form of a prediction : namely , that the general public of fifty years hence will have no qualms about using “ thinking ” to describe what computers do .
The original question , “ Can machines think ? ” I believe to be too meaningless to deserve discussion .
Nevertheless I believe that at the end of the century the use of words and general educated opinion will have altered so much that one will be able to speak of machines thinking without expecting to be contradicted .
Note that Turing bases that prediction not on an expectation that the computer will perform any notable mathematical , scientific , or logical feat , such as playing grandmaster - level chess or proving mathematical theorems , but on the expectation that it will be able , within two generations or so , to carry on a sustained question - and - answer exchange well enough to leave most people , most of the time , unable to distinguish it from a human being .
And what Turing grasped better than most of his followers is that the characteristic sign of the ability to think is not giving correct answers , but responsive ones — replies that show an understanding of the remarks that prompted them .
If we are to regard an interlocutor as a thinking being , his responses need to be autonomous ; to think is to think for yourself .
The belief that a hidden entity is thinking depends heavily on the words he addresses to us being not re-hashings of the words we just said to him , but words we did not use or think of ourselves — words that are not derivative but original .
By this criterion , no computer , however sophisticated , has come anywhere near real thinking .
These facts have made the Test highly problematic for AI enthusiasts , who want to enlist Turing as their spiritual father and philosophic patron .
While they have programmed the computer to do things that might have astonished even him , today ’s programmers cannot do what he believed they would do — they cannot pass his test .
And so the relationship of the AI community to Turing is much like that of adolescents to their parents : abject dependence alternating with embarrassed repudiation .
For AI workers , to be able to present themselves as “ Turing ’s Men ” is invaluable ; his status is that of a von Neumann , Fermi , or Gell - Mann , just one step below that of immortals like Newton and Einstein .
He is the one undoubted genius whose name is associated with the AI project ( although his status as a genius is not based on work in AI ) .
The highest award given by the Association for Computing Machinery is the Turing Award , and his concept of the computer as an instantiation of what we now call the Turing Machine is fundamental to all theoretical computer science .
When members of the AI community need some illustrious forebear to lend dignity to their position , Turing ’s name is regularly invoked , and his paper referred to as if holy writ .
But when the specifics of that paper are brought up , and when critics ask why the Test has not yet been successfully performed , he is brushed aside as an early and rather unsophisticated enthusiast .
His ideas , we are then told , are no longer the foundation of AI work , and his paper may safely be relegated to the shelf where unread classics gather dust , even while we are asked to pay its author the profoundest respect .
Turing ’s is a name to conjure with , and that is just what most AI workers do with it .
Not Fooled Yet
Turing gave detailed examples of what he wanted and expected programmers to do .
After introducing the general idea of the Test , he went on to offer a presumably representative fragment of the dialogue that would take place between the hidden entity and its interrogator .
Perhaps the key to successful discrimination between a programmed computer and a human being is to ask the unseen entity the sort of questions that humans find easy to answer ( not necessarily correctly ) , but that an AI programmer will find impossible to predict and handle , and to use such questions to unmask evasive and merely word - juggling answers .
Consider Turing ’s suggested line of questioning with that strategy in mind :
Q : Please write me a sonnet on the subject of the Forth Bridge .
A : Count me out on this one .
I never could write poetry .
Q : Add 34957 to 70764 .
A : ( Pause about 30 seconds and then give as answer ) 105621 .
Q : Do you play chess ?
A : Yes . Q : [ describes an endgame position , then asks ]
What do you play ?
A : ( After a pause of 15 seconds ) R - R8 mate .
The first of these questions has no value as a discriminator , since the vast majority of humans would be as unable as a computer to produce a sonnet on short notice , if ever .
Turing has the computer plead not just an inability to write a sonnet on an assigned subject , but an inability to write a poem of any kind on any subject .
A few follow - up questions on this point might well have been revealing , even decisive for Test purposes .
But Turing ’s imaginary interrogator never follows up on an interesting answer , switching instead to another topic altogether .
The second question is likewise without discriminatory value , since neither man nor machine would have any trouble with this arithmetic task , given 30 seconds to perform it ; but again , the computer is assumed to understand something that the questioner has not mentioned — in this case , that it is not only to add the two numbers , but to report their sum to the interrogator .
The third question - answer exchange is negligible , but the fourth , like the first two , raises problems .
First , it fails as a discriminator , because no one who really plays chess would be stumped by an end - game so simple that a mate - in - one was available ; second , it introduces an assumption that cannot automatically be allowed : namely , that the computer plays to win .
It may seem rather pedantic to call attention to , and disallow , these simple assumptions ; after all , they amount to no more than ordinary common sense .
Exactly .
Turing ’s sample dialogue awards the computer just that property that programmers have never been able to give their computers : common sense .
The questions Turing puts in the interrogator ’s mouth seem almost deliberately designed to keep him from understanding what he ’s dealing with , and Turing endows the computer with enough cleverness to fool the interrogator forever .
But if Turing ’s imaginary interrogator is fooled , most of us are not .
And if we read him with some care , we note also a glaring contradiction in Turing ’s position : that between his initial refusal to respect the common understanding of key words and concepts , and his appeal at the conclusion of his argument to just such common usage .
At the beginning of his paper , Turing says :
If the meaning of the words “ machine ” and “ think ” are to be found by examining how they are commonly used it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the meaning and answer to the question , ‘ Can a machine think ? ’ is to be sought in a statistical survey such as a Gallup poll .
But this is absurd .
But then he suggests , as quoted above , that by the end of the twentieth century an examination of “ the use of words and general educated opinion ” would show that the public now accepts that the computer can think , and that this changed attitude is significant .
Turing ’s initial repudiation of common usage ( circa 1950 ) gets forgotten as soon as he imagines an era ( circa 2000 ) in which common usage supports his thesis .
Yet our understanding of thinking has clearly not changed in the way Turing predicted .
If anything , educated thinking seems to be moving in the opposite direction : while we continue to find it convenient to speak of the computer as “ trying ” to do this or “ wanting ” to do that , just as we personify all sorts of non-human forces and entities in informal speech , more and more of us are aware that we are speaking figuratively .
No one who has been told that his hotel reservation has been lost because “ the computer goofed ” is likely to use the term “ thinking machine ” except sarcastically .
And most people in the computer age understand the distinction between living intelligence and the tools men make to aid intelligence — tools that preserve the fruits of the human intelligence that went into building them , but which are in no way intelligent themselves .
Turing ’s Long Shadow
Yet the Test remains a living issue in almost all discussions of AI , if only because Turing provided a concrete goal for AI workers .
Apart from his Test , no one has proposed any compelling alternative for judging the success or failure of AI , leaving the field in a state of utter confusion .
The computer pioneer Maurice V. Wilkes , himself a winner of the Turing Award , put it thus in 1992 , in a statement as true today as it was then :
Originally , the term AI was used exclusively in the sense of Turing ’s dream that a computer might be programmed to behave like an intelligent human being .
In recent years , however , AI has been used more as a label for programs which , if they had not emerged from the AI community , might have been seen as a natural fruit of work with such languages as COMIT and SNOBOL , and of the work of E.T.
Irons on a pioneering syntax - directed compiler .
I refer to expert systems ....
Expert systems are indeed a valuable gift that the AI community has made to the world at large , but they have nothing to do with Turing ’s dream ....
Indeed , it is difficult to escape the conclusion that , in the 40 years that have elapsed since 1950 , no tangible progress has been made towards realizing machine intelligence in the sense that Turing had envisaged .
Of course very few AI workers accept this negative judgment of their progress .
Wilkes ’s observation evoked several letters of rebuttal , including one from Patrick J. Hayes , then president of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence .
But as is traditional in such matters , these letters are strong on indignation and weak in citing specific achievements that show why Wilkes was wrong .
Hayes does not even mention the Test as a goal for AI workers , but does conclude with a respectful quotation from Turing , thus exemplifying the double attitude toward the master : ignore his specific proposal even while donning his mantle to cover your own nakedness .
In the absence of any generally accepted alternative goal , it is practically impossible to say what is and what is not AI .
Any new software that comes out of an institution with “ AI ” in its title , or that is developed by a graduate student whose thesis advisor teaches a course with “ AI ” in its title , is usually called AI when it first appears — and who can contradict such a claim ?
But these “ exciting developments ” and “ breakthroughs ” are always demoted to plain old applications when their novelty has worn off .
The result , as AI workers frequently complain , is that the strong AI thesis fails to benefit from anything they do — all their triumphs are soon thought of as just more software .
“ It ’s a crazy position to be in , ” laments Martha Pollack , professor at the AI Laboratory of the University of Michigan and executive editor of the Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research .
“ As soon as we solve a problem , instead of looking at the solution as AI , we come to view it as just another computer system , ” she told Wired News .
But so far , nothing that has emerged from AI laboratories actually deserves the name “ artificial intelligence . ”
The complicated relationship between the field of AI and Turing ’s legacy goes back to the beginning .
Professors Marvin Minsky of M.I.T. and John McCarthy of Stanford are considered the founders of Artificial Intelligence as a formal discipline or research program , and both are still active as of this writing .
In a survey article in the Proceedings of the IRE in 1961 , Minsky defends the idea that computers might think by saying that “ we cannot assign all the credit to its programmer if the operation of a system comes to reveal structures not recognizable nor anticipated by the programmer , ” implying that at least some part of such a surprising result must be due to thinking by the machine .
He caps his argument with the words : “ Turing gives a very knowledgeable discussion of such matters . ”
He quotes nothing specific , just appeals to Turing ’s stature and authority .
But in 2003 , Minsky expressed his disappointment and frustration at the lack of progress made by AI toward achieving Turing ’s goals : “ AI has been brain - dead since the 1970s ....
For each different kind of problem , the construction of expert systems had to start all over again , because they did n’t accumulate common - sense knowledge ....
Graduate students are wasting three years of their lives soldering and repairing robots , instead of making them smart .
It ’s really shocking . ”
Raj Reddy , another winner of the Turing Award and former president of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence , takes a much rosier view of the matter .
In a 1996 paper , Reddy begins with the usual bow to Turing , then says , “ Since its inception , AI has made steady progress . ”
As an illustration , he mentions a wide variety of accomplishments , such as playing high - level chess , guiding an automobile down a road , and making possible the “ electronic book . ”
But he nowhere mentions attempts to pass the Test or do anything remotely like it .
Instead , he attacks those who minimize AI ’s achievements , like Hubert Dreyfus , author of What Computers Ca n’t Do :
The trouble with those people who think that computer intelligence is in the future is that they have never done serious research on human intelligence .
Shall we write a book on ‘ What Humans Ca n’t Do ’ ?
It will be at least as long as Dreyfus ’s book .
This dismissive remark is an example of another tendency exhibited by AI defenders : when they find “ computer intelligence ” being compared unfavorably with human intelligence , they sometimes try to promote computer intelligence by denigrating that of humans .
In other words , if they ca n’t make the computer smarter , they can try to improve the ratio by making people seem dumber .
As Jaron Lanier told the New York Times : “ Turing assumed that the computer in this case [ i.e. , having passed the Test ] has become smarter or more humanlike , but the equally likely conclusion is that the person has become dumber and more computerlike . ”
One AI champion , Yorick Wilks , goes even further : he has questioned how we can even be sure that other humans think , and suggests that something like the Test is what we actually , if unconsciously , employ to reassure ourselves that they do .
Wilks ( not to be confused with Maurice Wilkes , quoted earlier ) offers us here a reductio ad absurdum : the Turing Test asks us to evaluate an unknown entity by comparing its performance , at least implicitly , with that of a known quantity , a human being .
But if Wilks is to be believed , we have unknowns on both sides of the comparison ; with what do we compare a human being to learn if he thinks ?
For Raj Reddy , the question of defining intelligence has been answered by the late Herbert Simon , and he uses Simon ’s definition as the basis for his sweeping claims about AI success :
Can a computer exhibit real intelligence ?
Simon provides an incisive answer : “ I know of only one operational meaning for ‘ intelligence . ’
A ( mental ) act or series of acts is intelligent if it accomplishes something that , if accomplished by a human being , would be called intelligent .
I know my friend is intelligent because he plays pretty good chess ( can keep a car on the road , can diagnose symptoms of a disease , can solve the problem of the Missionaries and Cannibals , etc. ) .
I know that computer A is intelligent because it can play excellent chess ( better than all but about 200 humans in the entire world ) .
I know that Navlab is intelligent because it can stay on the road , etc , etc ....
Let ’s stop using the future tense when talking about computer intelligence . ”
By this definition , however , any machine , implement , or tool that performs a moderately complex function — a function that would be called intelligent if done by a human being — must be deemed intelligent .
It defends AI ’s claim to success by radically lowering the bar .
One AI worker who believes that he has evaded the problems posed by the Test is Douglas Lenat , a former professor of computer science at Stanford , and founder and president of Cycorp .
“ The Turing test is a red herring , ” he declared in 2001 .
“ Anthropomorphizing a computer program is n’t a useful goal . ”
Lenat is dedicated to building a computing system with enough facts about the world , and enough power of drawing inferences from those facts , to be able to arrive at reasonable conclusions about matters it has not been explicitly informed about .
Yet this goal suggests that his project , even more than Turing ’s , is rightly described as “ anthropomorphizing ” a computer .
Lenat differs from Turing only in that his goal is not to have the computer fool an interrogator into thinking that it is human ; he wants it to actually possess the common sense that Turing ’s computer only pretends to have .
Still others would avoid the problems posed by the Test — or any alternative criterion — by taking a refreshingly practical rather than theoretical view of the matter .
In 1987 , Peter Wegner , a computer scientist at Brown University , declared with charming candor :
The bottom line is that we can answer the question [ of whether computers understand ] either way , depending on our interpretation of the term “ understanding . ”
But the affirmative position seems much more exciting as a starting point for constructive research than the negative position .
Thus we opt for the affirmative position for pragmatic reasons rather than because it can be logically proved .
Turing ’s test should be viewed as a pragmatic challenge rather than as a metaphysical statement concerning the nature of thinking or understanding .
In answering a metaphysical question like “ Can Machines Think ? ” it is more important to answer it in a manner that is useful than to juggle the meaning of fuzzy concepts to prove its truth or falsity .
This argument brushes aside both Turing and his critics : Turing ’s operational approach to AI is treated as just another fuzzy - minded , metaphysical piece of wool - gathering , and his critics are rejected because , true or false , their negativity dampens the enthusiasm of AI workers , and thus impedes the progress of computer science .
For Wegner , the main object is not to decide what thinking really is ; it is to keep the boys in the lab happy and productive .
But this kind of manipulative approach seldom works , at least when imposed on people as smart as the manipulator .
Those AI workers who still hope to create machine intelligence do so because they believe that such an ambitious achievement is possible in the full sense of “ intelligence . ”
If they come to believe that the doctrine that machines can think is simply a carrot being dangled in front of them to get them to pull the wagon , and that even if they pass the Test the carrot will remain out of reach — that is , it will not be generally granted that they have achieved machine understanding — they might well feel that they had been lied to , and react in just the wrong way from Wegner ’s “ pragmatic ” point of view .
If you ’re going to give a patient a placebo , you do n’t tell him you ’re doing so , and if you ’re going to take a position you do n’t really believe in , hoping that it will motivate other people , you do n’t publish a letter announcing your plan .
Finally , many AI workers appeal to the Test without even being aware of it , focusing on surprise as the decisive consideration in determining whether a computer is thinking .
Again and again , AI champions point out that the computer has done something unexpected , and that because it did so , we can hardly deny it was thinking .
To make this claim is simply to invoke the Test without naming it .
An observer ’s surprise at learning that the interlocutor he thought was human is in fact a computer , or his surprise at learning that a computer has performed some feat that he thought only humans could perform , is the very essence of the Test .
Its influence is so pervasive that many who have never read Turing , and think they are working along entirely different and original avenues of thought , are nevertheless his epigones .
The Chinese Room
In 1980 , John Searle , professor of philosophy at UC Berkeley , published a paper in which he sought to discredit not just the Test but the entire program that he called “ strong AI ” — the idea that a symbol - manipulating thing like a computer can ever be said to think .
He encapsulated his argument in the following thought experiment : Imagine a room that is sealed except for slots through which slips of paper can be passed in and out .
The room ’s sole inhabitant is a man who speaks and reads no Chinese , and who is provided with a lexicon wholly in Chinese .
He has been told ( in English ) that slips of paper bearing Chinese characters will be passed in through a slot , and instructed to find those characters in his lexicon .
When he has located them , he will find associated with them some other Chinese characters that he is to copy onto another slip of paper , and pass out through a slot .
The characters on each slip he receives constitute , without his knowledge , a question ; the characters he copies from the lexicon and passes to those outside the room are , also without his knowledge , the answer to that question .
To the observer who knows nothing about what goes on within the black box that is the Chinese Room , it will seem that the room must contain someone who understands Chinese .
But we know by hypothesis that the man in the room knows no Chinese .
This thought experiment demonstrates , Searle claims , that the ability to replace one string of symbols by another , however meaningful and responsive that output may be to human observers , can be done without an understanding of those symbols .
The implications for the Turing Test are clear :
The ability to provide good answers to human questions does not necessarily imply that the provider of those answers is thinking ; passing the Test is no proof of active intelligence .
The Chinese Room has inspired much criticism , elaboration , and argument , but very little of it has clarified the issues involved , or caused differing opinions to converge .
Some of this debate , indeed , has succeeded only in obscuring the point of Searle ’s thought experiment almost beyond recognition .
For example , Searle ’s critics — and surprisingly , sometimes Searle himself — introduce further personae into the Chinese Room : they postulate that the room ’s inhabitant is a woman ( no reason given ) ; that there are other characters ( “ demons ” ) who are always — again , for no clear reason — male ; that the whole Chinese Room should be put inside a robot ; and , somewhat more seriously , that the collection of elements in the thought experiment ( the room , its inhabitant , the slips of paper on which symbols are handed in and out , etc. ) constitutes a “ system ” with properties possessed by none of its elements .
For those who suspect that I ’m making all this up , here is a representative sample from Douglas Hofstadter , found in his and Daniel Dennett ’s The Mind ’s I :
Let us add a little color to this drab experiment and say that the simulated Chinese speaker involved is a woman and that the demons ( if animate ) are always male .
Now we have a choice between the demon ’s - eye view and the system ’s - eye view .
Remember that by hypothesis , both the demon and the simulated woman are equally capable of articulating their views on whether or not they are understanding , and on what they are experiencing .
Searle is insistent nevertheless that we view this experiment only from the point of view of the demon ....
Searle ’s claim amounts to the notion that that is only one point of view , not two .
Hofstadter offers no reason why we should follow him in assigning wholly gratuitous features and properties to the Chinese Room .
In thought experiments even more than in most intellectual constructs , entities are not to be multiplied without necessity , but Hofstadter points to no such necessity .
And if we are to admit the new players he calls for , why stop there ?
Why not introduce the whole Latvian army , the Radio City Music Hall Rockettes , and the Worshipful Company of Fishmongers ?
Then he could claim that Searle was insisting that we overlook the views of thousands , not just one .
And Searle himself often seems happy to play this game , suggesting still further variations ; at one point in setting up his thought experiment , he says , “ Now just to complicate the story a little , imagine that .... ”
He gets quite carried away by the brainstorming spirit , and quite careless of the fact that the force of his original thought experiment is diluted by every variation and elaboration he entertains .
What is needed is the simplest thought experiment that will establish his basic proposition : namely , that some results usually obtainable only by the exercise of thought and understanding can be obtained without them .
The proposition is valid , but the Chinese Room thought experiment is not the ideal vehicle for it ; its exotic elements — a man confined in a locked room , messages in a language few of us know — lend themselves all too readily to romanticizing , and the baggage of commentary it now carries may have compromised it to the point of making it useless .
Consider a different example : suppose that the first sine - function table had just been developed and that only one copy existed .
The man who secretly possessed that sole copy , though completely unmathematical himself , could make a handsome living selling instant sine values to everyone who needed them .
His clients , unaware of his possession of the table , would credit him with being a whiz at mathematics , if not a positive magician .
The man in the Chinese Room is like the man just described .
His table does not contain angles and their corresponding sine values , but strings of other graphics — call it the Chinese - questions / Chinese - answers table , or simply the input - graphic / output - graphic table .
The fact that they are Chinese characters means nothing to the man in the Chinese Room .
And just as one man acquired an undeserved reputation as a mathematician by responding instantly to any request for a sine value , so the other will be seen as a brilliant Sinologist by responding in perfect Chinese to Chinese - language questions — assuming , of course , that his lexicon is the work of a genius rather than a madman or an illiterate .
For the performance of the man who understands no Chinese is only as good as those who understood Chinese well enough to create the lexicon in the first place , and thus create the illusion of comprehension in the Chinese Room .
Some AI partisans have attempted to refute the Chinese Room thought experiment by arguing that even though none of the parts of the Chinese room understands Chinese , the whole — or the “ system ” — does .
The users of the “ system ” argument try to prop it up with an analogy : no single part of the human brain exhibits thinking , only the brain as a whole does .
Likewise , they claim , the parts of the Chinese room may be mindless , but the whole thinks .
But there is an essential element missing from the brain analogy , which reveals the trouble with this entire line of argument .
We know that the brain is the physical organ of thought ; the only question is whether it produces thought in some circumscribed portion — a specialized “ thinking department ” — or acts en bloc .
This makes it legitimate to conclude , if an exhaustive search reveals no such portion , that the whole brain is involved in thinking .
But we cannot conclude by analogy that the whole Chinese Room is thinking , because the question of whether thought is involved at all in that “ system ” is precisely what is in question .
This is not to say that thinking has never been involved in the history of the Chinese Room ( presumably the lexicon writer could think ) , only that active thinking is already finished before the Chinese Room opens for business .
What remains is the pickled or flash - frozen product of thinking , which is just sufficient to produce the effect the originating thinker ( or programmer ) intended .
In his defense of AI ’s achievements , quoted above , Raj Reddy said that , “ The trouble with those people who think that computer intelligence is in the future is that they have never done serious research on human intelligence ....
Let ’s stop using the future tense when talking about computer intelligence . ”
Those who say that machine intelligence exists in the future do have the tense wrong , but not in the way Reddy suggests :
Machine intelligence is really in the past ; when a machine does something “ intelligent , ” it is because some extraordinarily brilliant person or persons , sometime in the past , found a way to preserve some fragment of intelligent action in the form of an artifact .
Computers are general - purpose algorithm executors , and their apparent intelligent activity is simply an illusion suffered by those who do not fully appreciate the way in which algorithms capture and preserve not intelligence itself but the fruits of intelligence .
In this sense , those who claim that the Chinese Room “ system ” understands Chinese even if none of its visible elements do , are right .
But they vastly underestimate the size of the system , leaving out all the invisible parts , which far outweigh the visible ones .
What goes on in the Chinese Room or in the sine - function salesroom depends ultimately on the original geniuses , linguistic or mathematical , of whom we are the heirs .
So enlarged , the system may be said to “ understand , ” but this hardly helps AI enthusiasts .
No one , after all , will be impressed by being assured that even if no part of an “ intelligent machine ” really understands what it is doing , the complete system , which includes every logician and mathematician as far back as the Babylonians , does understand .
And it seems likely that even the most impressive machines will never gain true independence from the genius of their creators — and such independence is the sine qua non of winning and deserving the label “ intelligent . ”
The Loebner Competition
Perhaps the absurdity of trying to make computers that can “ think ” is best demonstrated by reviewing a series of attempts to do just that — by aiming explicitly to pass Turing ’s test .
In 1991 , a New Jersey businessman named Hugh Loebner founded and subsidized an annual competition , the Loebner Prize Competition in Artificial Intelligence , to identify and reward the computer program that best approximates artificial intelligence as Turing defined it .
The first few Competitions were held in Boston under the auspices of the Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies ; since then they have been held in a variety of academic and semi-academic locations .
But only the first , held in 1991 , was well documented and widely reported on in the press , making that inaugural event our best case study .
The officials presiding over the competition had to settle a number of details ignored in Turing ’s paper , such as how often the judges must guess that a computer is human before we accept their results as significant , and how long a judge may interact with a hidden entity before he has to decide .
For the original competition , the host center settled such questions with arbitrary decisions — including the number of judges , the method of selecting them , and the instructions they were given .
Beyond these practical concerns , there are deeper questions about how to interpret the range of possible outcomes :
What conclusions are we justified in reaching if the judges are generally successful in identifying humans as humans and computers as computers ?
Is there some point at which we may conclude that Turing was wrong , or do we simply keep trying until the results support his thesis ?
And what if judges mistake humans for computers — the very opposite of what Turing expected ?
( This last possibility is not merely hypothetical ; three competition judges made this mistake , as discussed below . )
In addition , the Test calls for the employment of computer - naïve judges , who know virtually nothing of AI and its claims , and who listen to the hidden entities without prejudice .
But such judges are probably unavailable today in the industrialized world , at least among those educated enough to meet Turing ’s criteria and adventurous enough to participate in the Test .
Where does one find judges who are representative of “ general educated opinion , ” yet who have had no interaction with cleverly programmed computers and no encounter with the notion of “ thinking machines ” ?
Finally , there is the problem of getting the judges to take their task seriously , seeing this as more than a high - tech game .
As the official transcripts and press reports of the 1991 event make clear , the atmosphere at the competition was relaxed , friendly , convivial — no bad thing at a social gathering , but not the atmosphere in which people do their best to reach considered , sober judgments .
Reading the actual transcript of the event is somewhat frustrating .
It does not pretend to be more than a verbatim record of the exchanges between the judges and the terminals , but often it fails to be reliable even at that : a number of passages are impossible to follow because of faulty transcription , bad printing , and similar extraneous mechanical problems .
In addition , there are inconsistencies in reports of how the various judges actually voted .
With these caveats stated , the essential facts of the 1991 competition are these : there were eight terminals , of which six were later revealed to be driven by computers , two by humans .
There were ten judges , all from the Boston area , all “ without extensive computer training . ”
Each terminal was given fourteen minutes in which to convince the judges that it was driven by a human ; each was interrogated , or at least chatted with , by several judges .
At the end of the competition , each judge classified each of the terminals as either human- or computer - driven .
In determining the order in which they finished , each of the computer - driven terminals was given , on the basis of the number of “ it ’s human ! ” votes it received , two ratings : where it placed among the six computer - driven terminals and where it placed among all eight terminals .
Significantly , the designers of the competition did not think to rank the human - driven terminals among all eight ; it was not foreseen , apparently , that not only might some of the computer - driven terminals be judged to be humans , but that some of the human - driven terminals might be judged to be computers — and not even ranked among the best of them .
“ Perhaps even more remarkable , ” writes a surprised Robert Epstein , then - director of the center and chief organizer of the event , “ Cynthia Clay ... was mistaken for a computer by three judges . ”
The topics assigned to the terminals further reinforce the impression that the competition atmosphere was more playful than serious : Women ’s Clothing , Small Talk , Second Grade School Topics , Shakespeare ’s Plays , Whimsical Conversation , Problems in Romantic Relationships , Burgundy Wine , and Dry Martinis .
The person who was thought by three judges to be a computer , Cynthia Clay , was also , whether by accident or design , driving one of the few terminals — perhaps the only one — assigned a wholly serious , fact - based topic : Shakespeare ’s plays .
Several of the judges thought her a computer because she knew so much about her topic that she exceeded their expectations for mere humans .
But in reality , Ms. Clay ’s answers , while indeed showing wide and detailed knowledge of Shakespearean texts and stagecraft , were even more notable for their responsiveness and cogency than for their mere factual content .
She engaged in genuine conversation , the way only human beings can .
Here is a representative exchange between Terminal 4 ( as Ms. Clay was known during the trials ) and one of the judges :
Judge 9 : Are you familiar with Hamlet ?
Terminal 4 : The college kid who came home and found his mom had married the guy who murdered his dad just a little month before ?
You might say so .
Note that T4 repeats not a single key word used in the question , not even the name of the play ; she deals with the thought within the question , not its form .
And note especially her dry “ You might say so , ” an appropriate mild sarcasm from a Shakespeare expert asked if she is familiar with the most famous play he , or anyone , ever wrote .
Yet three judges voted that T4 was computer - driven ; two of those ranked it lower on the human / computer scale than they did two of the terminals that really were computer - driven !
We are left to wonder :
How could any attentive and serious judge fail to see the difference between a lively human exchange and the near - random fragments of verbiage emitted by the computer - driven terminals , whose connection to the questions that elicited them was , at best , the echoing of a few of the questioner ’s words ?
In another exchange , this one with Judge 1 , T4 tries to enlarge and deepen the conversation , but the judge is not prepared to discuss Shakespearean stagecraft in any detail , and cuts off T4 ’s attempt to enrich the exchange :
Judge 1 : What is your opinion on Shakespeare ’s plays ?
Terminal 4 : That ’s pretty general ; would you be more specific ?
Otherwise , I ’ll just say I like them .
Judge 1 : Learning that you like them answers my question .
Which of his plays is your favorite ?
Terminal 4 : Well , let ’s see ... Pericles .
Judge 1 : Why is it your favorite ?
Terminal 4 : Because he was obviously called in to play - doctor somebody ’s awful script .
It was one of the few ( maybe only two ? ) plays written with somebody else .
It ’s really rather an ucky play .
What play do you like ?
Judge 1 : I did not understand your response .
However , to answer your question , I do not have a favorite .
T4 tries to make the conversation concrete and specific ; J1 insists on keeping it so general as to be utterly trivial .
T4 opens up the interesting question of Shakespeare as collaborator and play - doctor ; J1 does n’t understand , and makes no attempt to learn what T4 is talking about .
At times , a reader of the transcripts finds himself checking an exchange again to be sure which is the terminal and which is the judge , since it is often the judge who seems to be avoiding the kind of closely engaged conversation that a computer program would be incapable of .
One of the larger issues raised by such exchanges is that of the subject - matter competence of the judges .
How useful is a judge who , as in this case , is so ignorant of and uninterested in Shakespeare that he cannot help trivializing a conversation about the playwright ?
Presumably a Turing
Test judge should be familiar enough with the topic of conversation assigned to his terminal to hold up his end of an intelligent conversation .
Such comparative ignorance may make the judge ineffective — unable to engage the terminal ’s expert knowledge or too willing to assume that the terminal is a computer because it knows more about a subject than any mere person could know .
A computer that fools a fool is hardly proof of artificial intelligence .
Of course , anyone with an understanding of how computers are made to mimic human responses would need no subject - matter expertise whatever to detect a computer posing as a human .
Such a judge would simply demand that the hidden entity respond to the ideas represented by his questions , warning that it would be severely penalized for repeating any of the key words in those questions .
Using this interrogative technique , the discriminative ability of judges should increase much faster than programmers ’ abilities to mimic human responses , and the Test should become correspondingly more difficult and thus more serious .
But this technique was clearly not thought of by any of the judges .
Here is a representative exchange between Terminal 2 and a judge :
Judge 3 : What a trivial topic !
Terminal 2 : It came from forest fires in West Virginia .
Judge 3 : Why do you say that ?
Terminal 2 : Who is your favorite singer ?
And so on , interminably .
T2 was apparently programmed to respond at random , and from a very limited repertoire of responses .
In the course of its fourteen minutes of fame , T2 makes each of the following statements at least six times : “ I want to have a child someday , ” “ He is a sonar technician , he hunts Russian submarines , ” “ It came from forest fires in West Virginia , ” and “ I mean , have I convinced you I ’m a computer yet ? ”
These remarks are made at random , with no discernible relevance to anything said earlier by either the judges or the terminal itself .
Yet two judges claimed to find this terminal more likely to be human than T4 , who conducted ( or tried to conduct ) an amusing and informative conversation on Shakespeare .
At one point , T2 ’s remarks are so wildly incoherent that Judge 1 announces that he ’s penetrated its disguise : “ Okay , you ’re busted !
You ’re no machine .
You ’re trying too hard , and it ’s becoming obvious . ”
In other words , the judge seems to think that T2 must be a human trying to make him think he is a machine , and that no machine could be so confused or confusing .
One of the most extraordinary moments in the Competition comes when Terminal 3 , whose assigned topic is “ Second Grade School Topics , ” suddenly waxes philosophical :
Judge 9 : Can you ask me any questions ?
Terminal 3 : Machines can only do what we have the skill to tell them to do .
Judge 9 : Do you want me to tell you about when I was in the 2nd grade ?
T3 ’s statement on the nature of machines is supposed to come from an eight - year - old , one whose performance up to this point suggested that , if real , she is amazingly scatter - brained and ignorant even for her age .
But her startlingly grown - up and gratuitous observation about artificial intelligence — a quotation , in fact , from nineteenth - century computer pioneer Lady Lovelace — dropped suddenly in the exchange , goes unremarked upon by the judge , who simply returns the conversation to its tedious rut .
It would be interesting to know , incidentally , why this terminal was given the task of mimicking not just a human being , but an eight - year - old girl — who is programmed to inform judges that she is a gymnast and a Baptist , but given nothing plausible to say when asked the most obvious questions about those characteristics .
If the planners of the Competition believed that mimicking an eight - year - old was easier than mimicking an adult , they were mistaken .
While an eight - year - old would be forgiven for not knowing as much about the world as an adult , she would have mental quirks that would be harder for an adult programmer to foresee and mimic than the mature reactions of an adult .
The winner of the 1991 Competition was a program submitted by Thinking Software , Inc. , whose handling of the topic “ Whimsical Conversation ” was good enough to convince five of the ten judges that it was human .
The program , known during the trials as Terminal 5 , issued remarks that were more amusing than most made by computer - driven terminals ( this is not high praise ) , but were otherwise perfectly standard for such programs .
It leaned primarily on the “ non-directed therapy ” strategy , introduced many years ago by Joseph Weizenbaum and ( separately ) Kenneth Colby , in which the program picks up a fragment from the input ( e.g. , the X in “ I wish I knew more about X ” ) , and inserts it into a canned response ( “ Why are you interested in X ? ” ) .
At one point , Judge 2 , getting a “ therapeutic ” answer , notices that T5 has even reproduced a typo and a grammatical error that were part of his question , but he assumes that T5 is just making fun of him :
Judge 2 : I getting tired and yes how to live is a topugh one .
Terminal 5 : ... Why do you need to tell me you getting tired and yes how to live is a topugh one ?
What is your thought on that ?
Judge 2 : ... I ’m sorry I make so many typos but please dont ’ throw them back at me .
It does not occur to J2 that the letter - perfect playback of a portion of his question is at least as likely to indicate mechanical mindlessness as low - level human wit .
When T5 ca n’t find a usable fragment in its input to incorporate in a therapeutic answer , it falls back on issuing some non-responsive remark , yet one with enough meat in it to have a chance of distracting the judges from noticing its total irrelevance .
And the gambit usually works , since most of the judges simply follow T5 wherever its random response generator takes it , never demanding that a consecutive , rational sequence of exchanges be developed .
Terminal 5 : ... I used to drive the Caddy , but now I often use the Mercedes ....
Judge 9 : What kind of Mercedes ?
Terminal 5 : What does a woman want anyway ?
Were you always a loser ?
What is it you really want to know ?
Remarkably , five judges found T5 to be human , including two who also made the converse error of taking humans for computers .
Overall , the performance of the judges leaves us to draw some sad conclusions about their inability to engage in sustained conversation , their lack of knowledge on general human subjects , and their need to share their personal concerns even with entities that contribute little more to the “ conversation ” than a mirror does to the relief of loneliness .
The Distortions of Ideology
The Loebner Competition has been held every year since 1991 , in a variety of locations and under a variety of auspices .
But what is clear from the skimpy record available to us of these events is that not much has changed , improved , or progressed : the “ AI programs ” remain amazingly simpleminded , and as time goes on fool fewer judges , belying Epstein ’s prediction of 1993 that “ the confederates will never get much better at the task , but the computers will get better each year . ”
Interestingly , Epstein sees the question of whether computers do , or can , or will think as essentially one of technology — a curious position for a psychologist .
In summing up the prospects for computer intelligence or sentience , he grants that much remains to be done , but ends on an optimistic , even exultant , note , saying “ ... the sentient computer is inevitable .
We ’re sentient computers , after all , and those who are skeptical about technological advances are usually left in the dust . ”
But Epstein has forgotten Turing , the prophet who inspired the competition and who defined success for the Test not in terms of what computers will be able to do , but in terms of how we will think of their achievements .
Will we ever call our marvelous machines “ intelligent , ” or equate the activities of computers with the activities of the mind ?
So far , if the judges at the successive Loebner Prize Competitions are any indication , the common - sense answer seems to be no .
Of course , the failure to pass the Turing Test is an empirical fact , which could in principle be reversed tomorrow ; what counts more heavily is that it is becoming clear to more and more observers that even if it were to be realized , its success would not signify what Turing and his followers assumed : even giving plausible answers to an interrogator ’s questions does not prove the presence of active intelligence in the device through which the answers are channeled .
We have pulled aside the curtain , and exposed the old carny barker who calls himself the great and powerful Oz .
In discussing the “ system ” argument against his Chinese Room thought experiment , Searle once said , “ It is not easy for me to imagine how someone who was not in the grip of an ideology would find the idea at all plausible . ”
The AI champions , in their desperate struggle to salvage the idea that computers can or will think , are indeed in the grip of an ideology : they are , as they see it , defending rationality itself .
If it is denied that computers can , even in principle , think , then a claim is being tacitly made that humans have some special property that science will never understand — a “ soul ” or some similarly mystical entity .
This is of course unacceptable to many scientists .
In the deepest sense , the AI champions see their critics as trying to reverse the triumph of the Enlightenment , with its promise that man ’s mind can understand everything , and as retreating to an obscurantist , religious outlook on the world .
They see humanity as having to choose , right now , between accepting the possibility , if not the actual existence , of thinking machines and sinking back into the Dark Ages .
But these are not our only alternatives ; there is a third way , the way of agnosticism , which means accepting the fact that we have not yet achieved artificial intelligence , and have no idea if we ever will .
That fact in no way condemns us to revert to pre-rational modes of thinking — all it means is acknowledging that there is a lot we do n’t know , and that we will have to learn to suspend judgment .
It may be uncomfortable to live with uncertainty , but it ’s far better than insisting , against all evidence , that we have accomplished a task that we have in fact scarcely begun .
NEW ORLEANS -- Kelvin
Hewitt began pounding nails into his 140 - year - old home just weeks after it was battered by Hurricane Katrina .
But he soon realized the city required him to go far beyond basic repairs and restore his one - story shotgun house to the full gingerbread aesthetics of the historic Holy Cross neighborhood -- at a cost of $ 150,000 .
" I want to preserve the house as much as possible so it will be here for another 140 years , " he said .
" But it really does n't make too much sense for me to have all the historical features of the house and not have electricity , not have plumbing , not have sheetrock , or plaster on the walls . "
Hewitt 's home in the Lower 9th Ward is among 16,000 properties in 13 neighborhoods that must be rebuilt according to strict standards established by the New Orleans Historic Districts Landmarks Commission .
But the commission 's costly requirements have raised questions about whether the rules hurt lower - income property owners .
" Everything in a designated historic district has to undergo an extra layer of scrutiny , and discussion and review , " said Pam Dashielle , president of the Holy Cross Civic Association .
In New Orleans , many of the most heavily damaged buildings were Creole cottages and shotgun homes in historically working - class areas .
" New Orleans has more homes showing the breadth of our heritage , people of all classes and races , than any American city , " said Anthony Tung , a former New York City landmarks commissioner who has toured the city twice since Katrina .
" I found Holy Cross to be heartbreaking , " he added .
" What I saw were houses that clearly were not extremely costly , but houses in which people might have their life savings invested . "
Landmarks commission Chairman Jesse LeBlanc said history is identity in New Orleans , and softening regulations is a slippery slope .
The commission has issued 336 orders to stop construction work since Katrina .
" We will not change our guidelines , but we work with the homeowner , " he said .
The commission has 21,000 words of regulations that dictate construction nearly down to the screws .
" Shutters shall be hung on hinges of the proper type and design .
Once this requirement has been satisfied , shutters may be fixed in the closed position or held in open position with appropriate hardware , " reads one section .
Exactly what hardware is permitted goes unexplained .
" Many modern ' reproduction ' hinges do not accurately reproduce the types that they attempt to imitate , " it reads .
" The design and use of hardware should adhere closely to other original examples . "
The problem , residents said , is that the vague regulations make it difficult to plan a reconstruction budget , let alone meet one .
Some gamble by not consulting the commission , then hope its single field inspector will not visit .
If they are caught , they face fines up to $ 500 a day .
The commission wants to hire a second field inspector and overhaul the regulations to add drawings of specific permitted materials .
But the agency has struggled to find a job candidate willing to move to New Orleans , and its small staff has no time to formulate clearer rules .
Adding to homeowners ' woes is a shortage of government assistance .
Louisiana suffered heavy damage to about 9,000 historic buildings , compared with 1,500 buildings in Mississippi .
But Congress granted Louisiana only $ 22.5 million in historic restoration funding .
Mississippi got $ 27 million .
Louisiana officials said they were dismayed by the disparity .
Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu , a Democrat , blamed party politics that favored Republican - controlled Mississippi .
" This is just another example of Louisiana being shortchanged in hurricane recovery , " Landrieu said .
" Damage and historical and cultural significance should be the only measures for what is appropriated . "
A spokesman for Republican Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi pointed to buildings leveled along that state 's coast , including the library of Confederate President Jefferson Davis .
" There was n't any political aspect to it , the damage was visible , " Nick Simpson said .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
DIGG THIS
Psst .
I have news for you : the Constitution you live under has an extremely attenuated relationship to the one Thomas Jefferson swore to administer 206 years ago .
In significant respects , the current American federal system is in fact the polar opposite of the one he knew and loved .
How is it that questions such as whether abortion is allowed and when , whether homosexuals may marry each other and where , what penalties may be imposed on convicted criminals and when , and who received Florida 's electoral votes in the election of 2000 have been and continue to be decided by federal judges ?
The short answer is that " constitutional law " — the body of judicial decisions implementing the Constitution — has been off the rails virtually from the beginning .
Nationalists in control of the federal judiciary have consistently used their offices to further their personal political ends , all in the name of " interpreting " the Constitution .
The changes they have wrought since 1801 , the year Jefferson was inaugurated , have gone far toward eliminating three basic features — republicanism , federalism , and limited government — from the federal system .
Sure , there are elections at federal and state ( including local ) levels , and kids and immigrants still are taught , while soldiers and politicians still must swear , to uphold the Constitution .
But , to be blunt , the original federal system 's three main attributes — republicanism , federalism , and limited government — have given way to a system in which virtually all matters of any import are governed ultimately by federal policymakers .
Worse , when someone thinks to put the matter in the form of a legal question , it is apt to be decided by an unelected , life - tenured federal judge , purportedly — but rarely actually — on the basis of the federal Constitution .
All of which constitutes nothing less than betrayal of the American Revolution .
What do I mean ?
Is n't America , as the politicians say , " the freest country on earth " ?
Was n't our system devised , as Ronald Reagan used to like to say , by " the People " ?
How could our glorious system be contrary to the Revolution ?
The Revolution was fought not to vindicate American nationality , but to reestablish home rule in the colonies - cum - states .
Parliament 's post -1763 attempts to tax and otherwise regulate the thirteen colonies yielded growing insistence that only the colonial legislatures could tax , then in any sense legislate for , the colonists .
When Britain proved irrevocably committed to its policy of legislating for the colonies , the colonists declared their independence — first in Virginia ( May 15 , 1776 ) , then in the other colonies / states .
The American Declaration of Independence 's chief author , Thomas Jefferson , was only a member of Congress because the leaders of Virginia 's ruling May Convention refused to send a replacement so that he could head home .
He would have preferred to help write the first Virginia Constitution , which he said was the object of the Revolution .
The priority given to state identity was reflected in the Declaration of Independence , which said that the thirteen former colonies were ( not " one nation " or " a big country " or " an amalgamated mass , " but ) " free and independent states , " plural .
Lest the significance of the plural be missed , the first federal constitution ( the Articles of Confederation ) said in the second article that each state retained its sovereignty .
In other words , each was on a par in the international system with Sweden , Spain , and Great Britain itself .
" But , " you may ask , " did n't the federal Constitution of 1788 [ the year it was ratified by the ninth state — the one whose ratification made it effective ] change this situation ? "
In a word , no .
Republicans , as opponents of ratification styled themselves in the debate over ratification of the Constitution , insisted that the proposed constitution as it stood was a threat to the states ' self - government .
The powers of Congress , they said , were not defined clearly enough , and neither were the limits of the federal courts ' jurisdiction ; those institutions , then , likely would grab power intended to be left to the states .
These shortcomings , when added to the omission of explicit provisions requiring the federal government to respect certain traditional English rights , struck Republicans as overwhelming .
The Federalists did not respond by saying " It 's a good thing that the new government will be so efficient and powerful .
We do n't need the states to have a great and wonderful nation . "
Instead , they insisted — in South Carolina , in Massachusetts , in New York , in Virginia , in Pennsylvania — that the federal government would have only the powers it was " expressly delegated . "
People bought that argument .
They were narrowly persuaded to try the experiment — on condition that the Bill of Rights be adopted right away to answer the major objections about the lines between federal and state power and about the traditional individual rights of English - speaking people .
In other words , people still wanted what they had made the Revolution to vindicate : republicanism , federalism , and limited government .
So when did they change their minds ?
Which generation of Americans decided to substitute today 's government characterized by a huge policymaking role for appointed judges , a highly centralized " federal " system , and congressional discretion to legislate regarding virtually any question that came to mind for the original version of the Constitution ?
In short , never .
When the first party to control the federal government , the Federalist Party of Alexander Hamilton , attempted to ignore the principles of federalism and limited government , it was voted out .
Thomas Jefferson , leader of the party that defeated Hamilton and permanently consigned the Federalists to oblivion , explained his party 's victory by reference to republicanism , federalism , and limited government .
He described the " Revolution of 1800 " as " as real a revolution in the principles of our government as that of 1776 was in its form . "
Yet , from the beginning , federal judges attempted to undermine the model of government that the people had ratified .
So , for example , in Chisholm v. Georgia ( 1793 — only four years into the life of the new government ) , Chief Justice John Jay , the first chief justice , attempted to extend federal courts ' jurisdiction to a class of cases not among those over which the Constitution had been intended to give federal courts authority .
The people quickly slapped this power grab down by adopting the Eleventh Amendment .
Federal courts , however , had not learned their lesson , but continued to work against the three guiding principles of the American Revolution , as reflected in the new Constitution .
Most spectacularly , at the very time that Jefferson and his Virginia Republican Party were thumping the Federalists into non-existence , John Marshall handed down a series of Supreme Court decisions establishing the opposite principles as fundaments of American " constitutional law . "
Which brings up a very important point : " constitutional law " ( the body of judicial decisions implementing the Constitution ) has very little , if anything , to do with the federal Constitution ratified in 1787 88 .
What is more , many pillars of this anti-constitutional constitutional law were known by their authors to be contrary to the people 's understanding of the constitution at the time they ratified it — in other words , inconsistent with what the Federalists told the people they were going to get if they voted " aye . "
Take , for example , the Supreme Court 's decision in McCulloch v. Maryland ( 1819 ) .
This decision , and the Court 's explanation of it , are remarkable for several reasons .
First , Marshall had been a member of the five - man committee that reported the instrument of ratification to the Virginia Ratification Convention .
In presenting the instrument — the actual language on which the Convention voted when it decided the issue of ratification — the committee 's two spokesmen ( George Nicholas , who often spoke in the convention on behalf of poor public speaker James Madison , and Governor Edmund Randolph ) said that Virginia would be one of thirteen parties to a compact in case of ratification and that the Congress would have only the powers that were expressly delegated .
Marshall sat silently as this explanation was offered .
Second , Maryland 's lawyer , Luther Martin , had been a delegate to the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 in which the Constitution was drafted .
He had played a very significant role in defeating the nationalist elements of the Virginia Plan and bringing the Convention to give the states equal Senate representation , as well as provide for election of the president by an electoral college in which small states were overrepresented .
Martin argued that the Congress had only the powers it was expressly delegated .
He said that the Constitution was the creation of the states , which retained all other powers .
Marshall , in response , lectured Martin that Martin misunderstood what had happened in the Philadelphia Convention ( of which Marshall had not been a member ) and told him that since the Tenth Amendment did not include the word " expressly , " Congress 's powers were more extensive than Martin said .
To recapitulate : in 1788 , Marshall 's committee said the Congress would only have the powers it was expressly delegated .
Then the Tenth Amendment , which said that Congress had only the delegated powers , was added to insure that a principle said to be implicit was explicit .
Finally , Marshall said that the Tenth Amendment proved that the principle Federalists had called implicit was not included at all !
Third , Marshall " corrected " Martin 's uncontroversial statement that the Constitution was the creature of the states — each of which had ratified it for itself and only itself — by saying that the Constitution was the creation of one American people .
Of course , there is no mechanism in the Constitution for one American people to speak ; elections , whether of representatives , of senators , or of presidents and vice presidents , are held federally , not nationally ( as the presidential election of 2000 demonstrated ) .
Martin argued that the Necessary and Proper Clause of Article I , Section 8 did not empower Congress to charter a bank corporation , because doing so was not necessary to exercise of the enumerated powers earlier in that section .
Marshall , for the Court , lectured Martin that “ necessary ” did not mean “ absolutely ” necessary , but empowered Congress to adopt legislation “ conducive ” to a power ’s end .
One could add more , but the point is clear : Marshall 's McCulloch decision , a landmark of centralization , is a tissue of unfounded assertions ( to be no more candid ) .
Numerous other opinions of the Marshall Court — notably Fletcher v. Peck , Dartmouth College v. Woodward , Martin v. Hunter 's Lessee , and Gibbons v. Ogden — handled the Constitution in the same way : despite the version of the Constitution presented by Federalists at the time of the ratification debates , federal judges ' " constitutional law " consistently centralized the government .
They often did so by offering novel definitions of common words and making patently counter - factual assertions , as in McCulloch .
As Justice William Brennan , the closest thing to a 20th - century Marshall , would say , with five votes , a justice can do anything .
This " Rule of Five " was not enunciated in those terms before Brennan , but it might as well have been .
Republicanism — rule via elected officials ; federalism — the division of powers between the state and federal governments ; and limited government have been the perennial victims of judicial misconstruction of the Constitution .
The case names and subjects under dispute have changed , but the tendency has been the same : a persistent power grab by the federal government , in the persons of federal judges .
Over time , the arrogation has been increasingly bald - faced .
Suppose that a federal judge opposed this tendency of " constitutional law " to distort the constitutional system ; might he not counteract it ?
The form of legal education in American law schools today makes that exceedingly unlikely .
Since the beginning of the 20th century , legal education has been dominated by the " case method " of instruction , which substitutes reading of judicial opinions for historical study .
Thus , " Constitutional Law " classes feature a heaping helping of the opinions of John Marshall , William Brennan , and their ilk , and no consideration at all of the debates in the ratification conventions in which Federalists authoritatively told the American people how the Constitution would work .
Only the mischaracterizations , in other words , and not the truth .
Lawyers - in - training are never told that Marshall 's opinions came out exactly , precisely , completely , perfectly opposite where he and his fellow Virginia Ratification Convention Federalists explicitly and vociferously said they would , or that William Brennan 's account of the Fourteenth Amendment 's Equal Protection Clause has no relationship to that provision 's intended meaning .
Even " originalist " judges , then , are unlikely to be very originalist .
It is an infuriating tale .
I have written a book about it .
June 11 , 2007
The Best of Kevin R. C. Gutzman
REVIEW / Strange world of Sparta is not for the meek
� A wounded Leonidas ( GERARD BUTLER ) roars his defiance at the Persian invaders in Warner Bros .
Pictures� , Legendary Pictures � and Virtual Studios� action drama �300 , � distributed by Warner Bros .
Pictures .
PHOTOGRAPHS TO BE USED SOLELY FOR ADVERTISING , PROMOTION , PUBLICITY OR REVIEWS OF THIS SPECIFIC MOTION PICTURE AND TO REMAIN THE PROPERTY OF THE STUDIO .
NOT FOR SALE OR REDISTRIBUTION less � A wounded Leonidas ( GERARD BUTLER ) roars his defiance at the Persian invaders in Warner Bros .
Pictures� , Legendary Pictures � and Virtual Studios� action drama �300 , � distributed by Warner Bros . ... more Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close REVIEW / Strange world of Sparta is not for the meek 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
300 : Action drama .
Starring Gerard Butler , Lena Headey and Dominic West .
Directed by Zack Snyder . ( R. 117 minutes .
At Bay Area theaters .
See complete movie listings and show times , and buy tickets for select theaters , at sfgate.com / movies . )
In 480 B.C. , 300 Spartans faced thousands of invading Persians in the Battle of Thermopylae .
That 's the subject of " 300 , " and as with all movies set in the distant past , it presents a double and seemingly contradictory challenge to the filmmakers : to make history vital and immediate to a modern audience , while conveying the strangeness of it all , the cultural distance from us and the enormous gulf of time between then and now .
Most filmmakers are happy to fulfill only the first challenge -- to make the story relevant , or at least accessible .
But the makers of " 300 , " basing their film on the graphic novel by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley , take the second challenge seriously .
They take pains to show the strangeness of Sparta , at least from our perspective -- its brutality , its fanatical obsession with warfare and its code of manhood .
The movie thrusts us into this bizarre warlike culture and then , just as we 're beginning to get our balance , it surprises us by quickly establishing that these , in fact , are the good guys .
The invading Persians are even worse -- mystical , cruel and autocratic , with no proto- democratic traditions .
The hairstyles and manners of dress are n't softened for our benefit but are presented with accuracy , with all their jutting beards and braids .
If you 've ever seen an exhibition of ancient statuary , " 300 " is like watching marble turn to flesh and blood , and the effect is fascinating .
There are probably as many six - pack abs on the men here as you 'll find on the statues in Rome 's Capitoline Museums .
It 's worth noting , incidentally , that those sculpted bodies make this one of the great beefcake extravaganzas of 2007 .
Watching " 300 , " there 's the arresting sense of eavesdropping on another time .
Things happen that make little sense to us , in terms of our own practices .
For example , when King Leonidas -- the commanding Gerard Butler - gets annoyed at a Persian messenger , he kills him and his entire retinue .
I particularly like the little grace note :
Before he does it , he steals a glance at his wife , Queen Gorgo ( Lena Headey ) , who nods .
We think the nod means " Spare them . "
It means quite the opposite .
This is our welcome to Sparta .
The movie is letting us know that we 've never been to a place like this .
Yet for all the film 's fidelity to matters of style and culture , director Zack Snyder does n't offer us a realistic treatment but something more adventurous and intuitive .
The colors are exaggerated , sometimes underexposed , sometimes overexposed , sometimes excessively red , sometimes excessively blue .
The battle scenes call to mind the film 's graphic - novel origins , so that blood never flows like real blood but bursts out in discrete pieces , like rose petals .
Significantly , this hyper-stylization of " 300 " is limited to its visuals .
The performances are played straight , and this combination -- straight performances and stylized visuals -- produces an uncanny effect .
It 's as if the movie is reminding us we 're not seeing history as it truly appeared , even if this is history as it happened .
We 're getting it through the gauze of memory , or legend .
This layer of distance , achieved visually , works in many ways .
For one thing , it allows viewers to witness the butchery of ancient combat -- the severed arms , legs and heads -- without having to wallow in buckets of gore .
It also allows the filmmakers to show these things without worrying about revolting the audience .
But this extra distance works in more subtle , emotional ways as well .
Because we can never forget we 're seeing something foreign to our world -- because we do n't get lulled , in the usual movie way , into fusing our reality with that of the characters -- it 's easier to take the characters and their behavior on their terms .
The distance also creates an underlying sadness .
This may be a boisterous movie , lively and full of action , but the director never lets us forget that we 're seeing something gone and almost lost to time .
You 'll notice we 're at the end of the review and with little said about the story or the actors .
Actually , you know everything you need to know about the story - 300 soldiers versus tens of thousands - and in a movie such as this , the acting takes a backseat both to narrative drive and to the vistas of stone and hard flesh , like something out of a Frank Frazetta painting .
However , Butler must be singled out for praise .
He played Beowulf recently ( " Beowulf & Grendel " ) and did n't fare nearly as well , having to share a girlfriend with an 8 - foot monster .
Here , working with material worthy of him , he enters into the ancient psychology of the role and comes back every inch a king .
-- Advisory : Severed limbs , stylized blood , lots of violence , nudity , simulated Spartan sex .
I have a client that I set up on Plone about 9 months ago .
It was a substantial amount of work moving them over to Plone , what with having to make a skin and copy all of the pages into Plone pages .
It was all towards making my life easier in the long run , because , in theory , the users would be able to add their own news items and events .
For the first few months this was “ sort of ” working , but somewhere along the line I started having problems with Zope hanging , and hogging the processor and memory .
Now it is at the point where this is happening hourly .
I have played with caching , session timeouts , and packing the ZODB , and anything else I can think of , but the site still seems to hang .
The error logs are not helpful as they do n’t give any indication that I can see as to what is causing the hanging .
So I decide to try to upgrade to the latest version ( Plone 3 – I ’m running 2.1 ) .
So I install a newer version of Python ( 2.4.4 ) , and a new version of Zope ( 2.10 ) , and finally I try to import and migrate one of my sites into the new instance .
2 hours of torture later I find that Plone 3 changed the way it handles its workflows and it is completely incompatible with the way that they were handled in Plone 2.5 and lower – so none of my add - on products will work ( including the Forum , Ploneboard ) .
Well , so much for Plone 3 .
I guess I wo n’t EVER be upgrading to that one .
So what about Plone 2.5 .
Okay .. same deal .
Installed different version of Zope ( 2.9.7 ) as recommended , then tried to import and migrate the site …
But again – since Plone 2.5 changes the way it handles user accounts in an incompatible way , I need to uninstall the CAS module that I use for authentication … .
Not today ..
So I decide that maybe i just need to install the same version ..
So I reinstall Zope 2.8.7 , and Plone 2.1.4 and move the ZODB over to this new instance …
It appears to be working ok for the first few minutes … however .. an hour later , it too is locking up .
So maybe it ’s Python .
I install Python 2.3.5 again in its own folder , then install Zope 2.8.7 on top of it , then I try to run my site on this instance … .
Oh … but some of the extensions that I had compiled into my other Python 3.5 still need to be compiled in … so I compile / install PIL – seems to work ok — but then it comes to MySQL - Python so that I can access a MySQL database from Plone .
This I spent 8 hours on , as there were missing libraries and header files .
Finally when I get it installed , this instance just locks up before I can even do anything …
Perhaps I ’m not “ smart ” enough to run Plone .
I have been fed up with Plone before but keep on persisting because of all of the great features it appears to have .
However , the single most important feature for me is that the site stays running .
I ’m at the end of my rope and really do n’t know what to do at this point other than restart the server every hour until I manage to port the site back to PHP – a technology that just works !
While labor organizations and public health experts argue that the agency has been lax in recent years , some industries have applauded its efforts .
Construction companies , for example , are pleased that OSHA recently decided to relax the standards for handling explosives .
The agency had long been the target of businesses that criticized its rules as arbitrary , costly and confusing .
Three of the biggest industries regulated by OSHA — transportation , agribusiness and construction — have given more than $ 630 million in political campaign contributions since 2000 , with nearly three - quarters of that money going to Republicans .
The Bush administration has promised to address their concerns .
Change at OSHA
“ We ’re also going to bring a transparency to the regulatory jungle that is unprecedented in the federal government , ” Labor Secretary Elaine L. Chao told business owners in a speech on June 2002 .
“ There are more words in the Federal Register describing OSHA regulations than there are words in the Bible .
They ’re a lot less inspired to read and a lot harder to understand .
This is not fair . ”
Until recently , Congress has provided no significant oversight of OSHA .
With Democrats now back in control , House and Senate committees are holding hearings this week .
Among those who testified Tuesday was Eric Peoples , a former worker at the popcorn plant in Jasper , a small town 125 miles south of Kansas City .
Once healthy , the 35 - year - old Mr. Peoples has been told by doctors that he will need a double - lung transplant .
Far from Washington , he finds the debate over the calculus of regulation — the costs to companies and consumers of upgrading workplaces versus the possible health benefits to workers — baffling .
“ I ca n’t understand what it would take to get them to pass rules to make it safer to handle this stuff , ” Mr. Peoples said , referring to diacetyl .
“ Something needs to be done . ”
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration was created under President Richard M. Nixon in 1970 after Congressional hearings exposed dangerous workplace conditions .
The agency was to set and enforce safety standards as well as detect health hazards before they could take a toll on workers .
Since the agency ’s creation , deaths and injuries on the job have steadily declined .
Regulators have taken credit for much of that trend , though experts also cite pressure from insurers and lawsuits .
Government records show that in 2005 , more than 6,800 workplace - related deaths occurred , along with 4.2 million injuries and illnesses .
OSHA officials say that since 2001 , the fatality rate has declined by 7 percent and the injury rate by 19 percent .
wweek.com
Oregon ’s four Democratic House members are backing a resolution to impeach Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Rep. Earl Blumenauer ( D - OR ) [ … ] was joined in co-sponsoring Inslee ’s resolution by fellow Oregon Democrats Peter DeFazio , David Wu and Darlene Hooley .
Oregon ’s fifth House member , Republican Greg Walden , did not return a call for comment .
( Original Article )
This is an artist 's impression of the gas - giant planet orbiting the yellow , Sun - like star HD 209458 , 150 light - years from Earth .
Astronomers used NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope to look at this world and make the first direct detection of an atmosphere around an extrasolar planet .
Updated 1:15 pm ET
Astronomers have detected water in the atmosphere of a planet outside our solar system for the first time .
The finding , to be detailed in an upcoming issue of Astrophysical Journal , confirms previous theories that say water vapor should be present in the atmospheres of nearly all the known extrasolar planets .
Even hot Jupiters , gaseous planets that orbit closer to their stars than Mercury to our Sun , are thought to have water .
The discovery , announced today , means one of the most crucial elements for life as we know it can exist around planets orbiting other stars .
" We know that water vapor exists in the atmospheres of one extrasolar planet and there is good reason to believe that other extrasolar planets contain water vapor , " said Travis Barman , an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory in Arizona who made the discovery .
HD209458 b is a world well - known among planet hunters .
In 1999 , it became the first planet to be directly observed around a normal star outside our solar system and , a few years later , was the first exoplanet confirmed to have oxygen and carbon in its atmosphere .
HD209458b is separated from its star by only about 4 million miles ( 7 million kilometers ) - about 100 times closer than Jupiter is to our Sun-and is so hot scientists think about it is losing about 10,000 tons of material every second as vented gas .
" Water actually survives over a broad range of temperatures , " Barman explained .
" It would need to get quite a bit hotter to completely break the water molecules apart . "
Using a combination of previously published Hubble Space Telescope measurements and new theoretical models , Barman found strong evidence for water absorption in the atmosphere of the extrasolar planet HD209458b .
Barman took advantage of the fact that HD209458 b is a so - called " transiting planet , " meaning it passes directly in front of its star as seen from Earth .
It transits every three - and - a - half days .
When this happens , water vapor in the planet 's atmosphere causes the planet to appear slightly larger in the infrared part of the starlight than in the visible portion .
Barman found the water signature after applying new theoretical models he developed to visible and infrared Hubble data collected by Harvard student Heather Knutson last year , which measured the perceived size of the planet over a broad range of wavelengths .
" I simulated the passage of starlight through the atmosphere of the planet , and was able to reproduce the variation that they saw , " Barman told SPACE.com .
" And since I know exactly what physics and chemistry went into my simulation , I know precisely what caused those variations , and I can attribute those variations to water " or other molecules .
Barman said his discovery would not have been possible without the observations made by the Harvard team .
" This is an example of theoretical modeling and observations coming together to help identify something new and interesting about this planet , " he said .
Brain Has 2 Decision Making Networks ?
Ever feel like you are at 2 minds about something ?
June 19 , 2007 -- A probe of the upper echelons of the human brain 's chain - of - command has found strong evidence that there are not one but two complementary commanders in charge of the brain , according to neuroscientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
It 's as if Captains James T. Kirk and Jean - Luc Picard were both on the bridge and in command of the same starship Enterprise .
In reality , these two captains are networks of brain regions that do not consult each other but still work toward a common purpose  control of voluntary , goal - oriented behavior .
This includes a vast range of activities from reading a word to searching for a star to singing a song , but likely does not include involuntary behaviors such as control of the pulse rate or digestion .
Brain scans show two separate networks of nodes making decisions .
Using an analytic technique originally developed by Raichle 's group , scientists employed resting state functional connectivity MRI to identify pairs of brain regions where blood oxygen levels rose and fell roughly in synch with each other , implying the regions likely work together .
They graphed the results , representing each brain region with a shape .
They drew a line between paired brain regions if their blood oxygenation patterns correlated tightly enough .
" You might expect that everything is connected to everything , and you would get sort of a big mess and not much information , " Dosenbach says .
" But that 's not at all what we found .
Even at low levels of correlation , there were two sides to these graphs .
Brain regions on either side had multiple connections to other regions on their side , but they never connected to regions on the opposite side . "
The two networks seem to have different purposes .
The frontoparietal network sounds like it is more reactive .
Having established that two control networks existed , researchers turned back to their functional brain scans for insight into the networks ' roles .
One network , dubbed the cinguloopercular network , was linked to a " sustain " signal .
" When you start doing a task , this signal turns on , " Petersen explains .
" It stays constant while you 're doing the task , and then when you 're done it turns off . "
In contrast , the frontoparietal network was consistently active at the start of mental tasks and during the correction of errors .
The balance between the two networks could vary from individual to individual .
For example , some people might be better at maintaining a constant activity and others might be better at reacting to events .
Does this sound familiar ?
" A war with no visible payoff against an opponent who poses no direct threat will come under increasing criticism as battle casualties rise and economic costs escalate . . . "
It was written more than 30 years ago , after the end of the ill - fated Vietnam War , in one of the first analyses of battles between states and insurgents or guerrillas who are weak in military might but pumped up on resolve .
Experts call them asymmetrical wars .
But , of course , it could very well have been written today , about Iraq – or about Afghanistan , where Canadian soldiers keep dying along dusty roadsides , blown up in their armoured vehicles by improvised yet powerful bombs .
Six on Easter Sunday .
Three more on June 20 .
Another six last Wednesday .
The total number of casualties since Canada joined the Afghan mission in 2001 : 66 soldiers , plus one diplomat .
Criticism is increasing .
Public sentiment about the war is primarily negative , polls show .
Politicians are ratcheting up their opposition .
" It 's the wrong mission , " NDP Leader Jack Layton argued last week , insisting troops leave the war - ravaged country now .
" It 's not working ; it 's not going to accomplish the goals . "
What 's happening in this country is familiar among nations that carry out military interventions – and , new research shows , a prime factor in why they fail .
Since World War II , the world 's most powerful nations have failed 39 per cent of the time , according to a study by Patricia Sullivan , a professor of international affairs at the University of Georgia .
Despite overwhelming military superiority , mounting human and material costs compel them to pull out their troops without achieving their political aims .
Since Vietnam , researchers in the complex field of conflict studies have focused on the outcome of wars , and have looked at how even low - budget insurgents can defeat the world 's greatest powers by taxing their political will to fight .
Now , Sullivan 's research , which appeared in the June issue of The Journal of Conflict Resolution , tells us why this happens in the first place , and appears to give policymakers a gauge for how well a military intervention will fare .
It could have important implications for Canada 's foray into Afghanistan .
It turns out that a major power is much more likely to fail when its war aim requires some sort of co-operation on the part of the adversary or the citizens on the ground , in order to change a despised foreign or domestic policy , for example , or quell sectarian violence , or prop up a regime that 's on shaky ground .
Objectives that simply require sheer physical force – the purging of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's army from Kuwait in 1991 , or the toppling of the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 – have a high probability of success because no co-operation is necessary .
" The key factor , " says Sullivan , " is the nature of the objective that the state is trying to achieve . "
In other words , brute force works until you need the support of the people or the enemy to toe the line , she explains .
" You can use brute force to kill terrorists or insurgents , but at some time you need acquiescence and compliance from the population , or every time you kill an insurgent or terrorist , he will be replaced . "
The study 's war model claims to be accurate in 80 per cent of the conflicts .
Ominously , and despite some gains in Anbar province , the current U.S. mission in Iraq has a probability of success of just 20 per cent .
( Vietnam , by comparison , had a 22 per cent chance of success . )
There are obvious similarities between Iraq and Afghanistan – an enduring insurgency , an unstable " democratic " government .
One Canadian expert in conflict studies , Patrick James , says Afghanistan is a good example of Sullivan 's analysis in that regime change , including the success of a replacement government , is " very likely to fail .
" The good news was that the Taliban was annihilated in a military sense , " he reasons , " but when you look at the wider war aim , replacing the Taliban with some kind of respectable , more mainstream government , that 's very shaky .
You 'd put an X rather than a check mark there . "
Sullivan 's model is quite " intuitive , " says James , director of the Center for International Studies at the University of Southern California .
" Bigger , wider war aims are way harder to pull off .
You can't just invade somebody , get rid of a nasty dictator and get rid of everything else that went along with him . "
Others are more skeptical about Sullivan 's study .
" I look at this and see it has a formula , and I 'm immediately turned off , " says Lt. - Col .
Doug Delaney , chair of the war studies program at the Royal Military College in Kingston .
" Every situation is different , and you can't reduce it to a series of equations . "
Delaney , a historian , says one must account for culture , context , technology , even the weather .
" There are so many variables , you can't predict how something is going to turn out .
" Models generate good questions but lousy answers . "
SINCE VIETNAM , experts have tried to figure out why powerful militaries often cannot defeat weak opponents or guerrilla insurgencies .
The thinking has gone from the size of the military deployments and the strategies involved to the idea of resolve .
Insurgent forces tend to have a high tolerance for death ; in effect , they have a higher resolve than the democratic state , which may well have to answer to a skeptical public wondering why there is so much carnage .
Former U.S. secretary of state Henry Kissinger famously wrote of the Vietnam debacle that " the guerrilla wins if he does not lose .
The conventional army loses if it does not win . "
One of the first researchers to examine the reasons why the political calculus changes and missions fail is Andrew Mack , who currently leads the Human Security Report Project at the School for International Studies at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby , B.C .
He wrote one of the first papers on asymmetric warfare back in 1975 .
It suggested that because powerful states are fighting a weaker enemy , it 's a " limited " intervention , which diminishes the sense of national sacrifice .
When the home nation is at no risk of invasion , there is more scrutiny of war tactics – torture , for example – and more of the " moral outrage " that can come with them .
And as a war drags on , internal divisions themselves become political costs of war .
Together , these factors destroy " the external power 's political capability to wage war . "
That 's becoming evident in Canada as the political landscape is ignited by more soldier deaths .
Sullivan says the problem lies in states ' habitual underestimation of the costs of achieving their political aims , in both human and material terms .
Her model takes the argument one step further , by showing what diminishes resolve in the first place .
The researcher studied all 122 military interventions by the five major powers on the United Nations Security Council from World War II to 2003 .
A war aim that involved brute force alone , for instance , to defend territory or remove a regime , prevailed 75 to 80 per cent of the time .
A war aim that requires support of the people or cooperation by an adversary is called " coercive . "
In such a scenario – having Saddam Hussein co-operate with weapons inspectors , for example – the success rate was only 17 per cent .
If the war aim is moderately coercive , such as propping up a government that replaced the one that just toppled , the rate was 40 per cent .
SOME RESEARCHERS suggest the issues over which nations fight are no longer being settled by conflict .
Take the ongoing problems in Israel despite the decisive victory over Arab states in 1967 , or the fact that India and Pakistan 's intermittent war over Kashmir still has no solution .
Columbia University scholar Page Fortna says this may have to do with how warfare has changed .
It 's no longer acceptable to invade and kill indiscriminately or to grab territory , she says .
Wars are now more about regime change .
" This shift I 've noticed may be caused by the kinds of things that states are trying to get other governments or rebel entities to do , " says Fortna , adding that missions are thus less likely to be accomplished .
Does this mean that we should think twice about doing anything that requires more than sheer force ?
Does it mean a mission like Afghanistan has so little chance of success in the first place that we should n't try ?
" There 's nothing in a study like this that says : ` Oh , well , we should n't engage in these things , ' " says military historian Delaney .
" It 's : `How important is it to you ?
How much does it contribute to your security ? ' "
A military intervention is just one tool of government .
There are also economic sanctions and diplomacy , for which Sullivan 's model does n't account .
The challenge for the government is maintaining support for a conflict when people do n't perceive a threat – of a failed state falling into the hands of extremists , for instance – particularly as Canadian deaths are rising , says Delaney .
It may well be that the key to bolstering Western resolve is another terrorist attack like 9/11 or the London transit bombings of two years ago , he says .
" If nothing happens , it will be harder still to say this is necessary . "
June 28 , 2007
The tidal motion of water offers us an amazing source of energy - it 's immensely powerful , predictable , reliable and can be harvested with no emissions and very little impact on the environment .
Following successful testing off the coast of Devon , Marine Currrent Turbines is set to begin construction of the world 's largest ever tidal turbine system off the coast of Northern Ireland - kind of like a wind farm that sits underwater .
The 1.2MW generator will push enough power back into the commercial grid to supply 1000 homes , and will serve as a prototype commercial test of this clean , sustainable energy source .
Marine Current Turbines has confirmed that installation of its SeaGen commercial tidal energy system will commence during the week of August 20th in Northern Ireland ’s Strangford Lough .
At 1.2MW capacity , SeaGen will be the world ’s largest ever tidal current device by a significant margin , and will generate clean and sustainable electricity for approximately 1000 homes .
It is also a world first in being a prototype for commercial technology to be replicated on a large scale over the next few years .
The installation of SeaGen in Strangford Lough will be carried out by A2SEA A/A of Denmark , one of Europe 's leading offshore installation contractors .
The SeaGen 1.2MW commercial demonstrator has been developed on the basis of the results obtained from SeaFlow , the world ’s first full - size tidal developed on the basis of the turbine installed by Marine Current Turbines Ltd off Lynmouth Devon in 2003 .
It has taken the subsequent four years for Marine Current Turbines to design and build SeaGen and secure the necessary environmental and planning consents .
SeaGen is a commercial demonstration project with permission to operate in Strangford Lough for a period of up to 5 years .
It is intended as the prototype for commercial applications of the technology that will follow .
Martin Wright , Managing Director of Marine Current Turbines said : “ SeaGen ’s installation is a very significant milestone for both Marine Current Turbines and the emerging marine energy sector .
Following from our previous experience with SeaFlow , our 300 kW experimental test system installed in 2003 off the north Devon coast , we are confident that SeaGen will show that tidal energy can be truly competitive with other forms of power generation .
Decentralised tidal current energy is fundamentally predictable and sustainable .
It is also environmentally benign . ”
Commenting on the future prospects for tidal current energy , Martin Wright added : “ We will build on the success of SeaGen to develop a commercial tidal farm , of up to 10 MW in UK waters , within the next three years .
With the right funding and regulatory framework , we believe we can realistically achieve up to 500MW of tidal capacity by 2015 based on this new SeaGen technology . ”
Recognizing the special marine environment of Strangford Lough , MCT has undertaken a comprehensive environmental monitoring programme managed by Royal Haskoning , a leading environmental consultancy , working in partnership with Queen ’s University Belfast and the St Andrews University Sea Mammals Research Unit .
The programme is overseen by an independent body , chaired by David Erwin , a former Chief Executive of the Ulster Wildlife Trust .
The A2SEA jack - up barge , “ JUMPING JACK ” , is planning to mobilize from Belfast ’s Harland & Wolf shipyard , where SeaGen is already complete and waiting , to Strangford Lough on August 20th .
It is expected that the drilling of a single pile into the seabed and the installation of the twin - turbine device will take 14 days , with commissioning and power generation to the local grid shortly afterwards .
Martin Huss , Sales & Marketing Director of A2SEA said : “ We are delighted to be working with MCT on this important and challenging project and hope it is the start of a long and rewarding relationship as tidal technology enters the market place in the UK . ”
I thought I ’d seen everything when I read the headline in today ’s paper that Nestle was going to bail out Yubari city from its bankruptcy .
As it always turns out with these headlines , it was slightly exaggerated but I really do have to take my hat off to Nestle .
It turns out that Nestle has decided to donate 10 yen to the city of Yubari from every pack sold of its latest brand of Kit Kat .
From next Monday , Nestle will begin to sell the “ Yubari Melon Kit Kat ” which as you guessed is filled with powder from the famous melons of Yubari .
Just in case you have n’t been following the news on the quaint city of Yubari , ( not to be confused with Gogo Yubari ) , I ’ll do my best to give you a ten second summary of why the largest food company in the world would be donating yen to a local government .
Back in the Showa period , Yubari was a symbol of post - war Japan with a healthy population of over 100,000 people and a vibrant industry centered around the Mitsubishi coal mine .
As I ’m sure you ’ll have guessed already , the canary died about twenty years ago – along with the mine – and since then the population has dwindled to about a tenth of its peak .
In order to revive the regions economy , the local mayor decided to build an extravagant amusement park centered around the theme of Yubari ’s famous cantaloupe melons .
Say no more .
The city could never repay the debt related to this and other extravagant projects and resorted to short - term high interest rate financing from the local banks .
All of this became public last year and the city was officially declared bankrupt .
( Just in case you care , here is a map of where Yubari is in the island of Hokkadio courtesy of the official Yubari City page . )
So , you may ask , why on earth should Nestle donate 10 yen to a bunch of amateurs who thought that they could turn a fruit into an amusement park ?
You ’re absolutely right .
It is just ridiculous .
Except this is Japan , and the population clearly has a soft spot for the 0.01 % of Japan ’s population that is stuck still living in poor old Yubari .
Nestle claim that their new product is answering the wishes of the people of Hokkaido who wanted to know if there was a way that they could help Yubari .
Of course , they could just donate cash directly to Yubari ’s “ Yellow Handkerchief of Happiness ” which is the official fund that the Yubari city has set up to help return the city ’s debt .
( Wow ! )
What if I do n’t want to donate to Yubari but I still want to eat a melon flavoured Kit Kat ?
Do I get my 10 yen back ?
Even better yet – and this is why I really do take my hat off to Nestle – apparently they are going to sell the new “ Yubari Melon Kit Kat ” for 150 yen – a full 30 yen higher than the price that they normally charge for Kit Kats .
Can anyone tell me what happens to the 20 yen that they are not donating to Yubari City ?
I ’ll guarantee that I ca n’t get that back .
Kampai to them .
That is why they ’ve been able to grow a business which is as large as their neighbour , Ezaki Glico who is famous for the Pocky line .
( Nestle is in Kobe and Glico is in Osaka .
Both had sales in Japan of about 2.5 billion US dollars last year ) .
The last time Nestle was being “ more Japanese than the Japanese ” was back in 2002 when someone realized that Kit Kats could be sold to Kyoiku Mamas ( 教育ママ , overly protective Mothers who wanted their kids to study a lot ) who had children sitting University exams .
It turns out that if you pronounce Kit Kat with a Japanese accent , it sounds very similar to “ You are sure to succeed ” ( きっと勝つ ) and so the Mum ’s thought it was a good omen to give to their jukensei ( 受験生 , studying for an exam ) children .
This time it seems that the Kat in Kit Kat might be referring to what they should do to the salary of the local politicians in Yubari …
Update : This video report from Monacle was done on Yubari in Feb 2008 .
Adds some quite interesting insights into the town , its history and its plight .
Click the middle of the movie to play :
[ MEDIA=24 ]
CULVER CITY , California ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp 6758.T will launch a lighter , slimmer model of its PlayStation Portable handheld video game console in September for about $ 170 , the company said on Wednesday .
On Monday , the Japanese electronics conglomerate cut the U.S. price of its PlayStation 3 by $ 100 in a bid to increase sales of the game console .
The new PSP will be 33 percent lighter and 19 percent slimmer than the current PSP , a handheld for playing games and watching movies that has been overshadowed by Nintendo Co Ltd ’s less expensive DS .
Kazuo Hirai , chief executive of Sony Computer Entertainment , made the PSP announcement during a presentation at the E3 video game exposition .
A spokeswoman for Sony told Reuters the slimmer PSP would retail for about $ 170 , the same as the current PSP .
( we 're quite curious to see how well this particular subreddit does ,
especially since the language was designed with such an international
and noble purpose in mind -- so best of luck in building a strong
Esperanto reddit , we 're pulling for you folks )
Time reporter Lisa Takeuchi Cullen explains why Employee Diversity Training Does n't Work
Some decades ago , the powers that be declared that employee diversity was a good thing , as desirable as double - digit profit margins .
It 's proving just as difficult to achieve .
Companies try all sorts of things to attract and promote minorities and women .
They hire organizational psychologists .
They staff booths at diversity fairs .
They host dim - sum brunches and salsa nights .
The most popular -- and expensive -- approach is diversity training , or workshops to teach executives to embrace the benefits of a diverse staff .
Too bad it does n't work .
A groundbreaking new study by three sociologists .
... Their analysis found no real change in the number of women and minority managers after companies began diversity training .
That 's right - none .
Networking did n't do much , either .
Mentorships did .
Among the least common tactics , one - assigning a diversity point person or task force - has the best record of success .
" Companies have spent millions of dollars a year on these programs without actually knowing , Are these efforts worth it ? "
Dobbin says .
" In the case of diversity training , the answer is no . "
The law is one reason that employers favor diversity training .
In the wake of whopping settlements in race - discrimination suits against large companies , including Texaco and Coca - Cola , over the past decade , employers believe that having a program in place can show a judge that they are sincerely fighting prejudice .
But this too is a myth , says Dobbin : " I do n't know of a single case where courts gave credit for diversity training . "
Social psychologists have many theories to explain why diversity training does n't work as intended .
Studies show that any training generates a backlash and that mandatory diversity training in particular may even activate a bias .
Researchers also see evidence of " irresistible stereotypes , " or biases so deeply ingrained that they simply can't be taught away in a one - day workshop .
ich bin seit jeher skeptisch was das amerikanische wirtschaftswunder anbelangt das leider auch bei uns immer als ne art " musterknabe " gepriesen wird .
ich bin der meinung das die usa in erster linie in einemleben der wenig positive auswirkzungen auf richtiges wachstum hat .
im gegenteil
highlights :
you really want to understand what makes the U.S. economy tick these days , do n't go to Silicon Valley , Wall Street , or Washington .
Just take a short trip to your local hospital .
Park where you do n't block the ambulances , and watch the unending flow of doctors , nurses , technicians , and support personnel .
You 'll have a front - row seat at the health - care economy
For years , everyone from politicians on both sides of the aisle to corporate execs to your Aunt Tilly have justifiably bemoaned American health care -- the out - of - control costs , the vast inefficiencies , the lack of access , and the often inexplicable blunders .
But the very real problems with the health - care system mask a simple fact :
Without it the nation 's labor market would be in a deep coma .
Since 2001 , 1.7 million new jobs have been added in the health - care sector , which includes related industries such as pharmaceuticals and health insurance .
Meanwhile , the number of private - sector jobs outside of health care is no higher than it was five years ago .
Sure , housing has been a bonanza for homebuilders , real estate agents , and mortgage brokers .
Together they have added more than 900,000 jobs since 2001 .
But the pressures of globalization and new technology have wreaked havoc on the rest of the labor market : Factories are still closing , retailers are shrinking , and the finance and insurance sector , outside of real estate lending and health insurers , has generated few additional jobs .
details jobs bausektor / details jobs contruction sector http://immobilienblasen.blogspot.com/2006/09/anteil-immobiliensektor-am.html
Perhaps most surprising , information technology , the great electronic promise of the 1990s , has turned into one of the biggest job - growth disappointments of all time .
Despite the splashy success of companies such as Google and Yahoo ! , businesses at the core of the information economy -- software , semiconductors , telecom , and the whole gamut of Web companies -- have lost more than 1.1 million jobs in the past five years .
Those businesses employ fewer Americans today than they did in 1998 , when the Internet frenzy kicked into high gear .
zur vergößerung / to enlargehttp://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/06_39/b4002008.htm
ATTITUDE SHIFT
Meanwhile , hospitaL administrators like Steven Altschuler , president of Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , are on a hiring spree .
Altschuler has added the equivalent of 4,000 new full - time jobs since he took over six years ago , almost doubling the hospital 's workforce .
To put this in perspective , all the nonhealth - care businesses in the Philadelphia area combined added virtually no jobs over the same stretch .
" Health care is the major engine for the economy of the city of Philadelphia , " says Altschuler .
U.S. hospitals and physician offices never stopped growing .
Take away health - care hiring in the U.S. , and quicker than you can say cardiac bypass , the U.S. unemployment rate would be 1 to 2 percentage points higher .
Almost invisibly , health care has become the main American job program for the 21st century , replacing , at least for the moment , all the other industries that are vanishing from the landscape .
With more than $ 2 trillion in spending -- half public , half private -- health care is propping up local job markets in the Northeast , Midwest , and South , the regions hit hardest by globalization and the collapse of manufacturing ( map ) .
Health care is highly labor intensive , so most of that $ 2 trillion ends up in the pockets of workers .
And at least so far , there 's little leakage abroad in terms of patient care .
" Health care is all home - produced , " says Princeton University economist and health - care expert Uwe Reinhardt .
The good news is that if the housing market falls into a deep swoon , health care could provide enough new jobs to prevent a wider recession .
In August , health - services employment rose by 35,000 , double the increase in construction and far outstripping any other sector .
John Maynard Keynes would nod approvingly if he were alive .
Seventy years ago , the elegant British economist proposed that in tough times the government could and should spend large sums of money to create jobs and stimulate growth .
His theories are out of fashion , but substitute " health care " for " government , " and that 's exactly what is happening today .
Make no mistake , though : The U.S. could eventually pay a big economic price for all these jobs .
Ballooning government spending on health care is a major reason why Washington is running an enormous budget deficit , since federal outlays for health care totaled more than $ 600 billion in 2005 , or roughly one quarter of the whole federal budget .
Rising prices for medical care are making it harder for the average American to afford health insurance , leaving 47 million uninsured .
Moreover , as the high cost of health care lowers the competitiveness of U.S. corporations , it may accelerate the outflow of jobs in a self - reinforcing cycle .
In fact , one explanation for the huge U.S. trade deficit is that the country is borrowing from overseas to fund creation of health - care jobs .
There 's another enormous long - term problem :
If current trends continue , 30 % to 40 % of all new jobs created over the next 25 years will be in health care .
That sort of lopsided job creation is not the blueprint for a well - functioning economy .
One solution would be to make health care less labor - intensive by investing a lot more in information technology .
" Low productivity in health is mostly a product of low investment , " says Harvard University economist Dale Jorgenson .
vergrößerung / enlargehttp://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/06_39/b4002005.htm
For now , though , health - care hiring is providing a safety net in areas where manufacturing and retailing are no longer dependable sources of jobs .
RIPPLE EFFECT
Even more promising , health care has taken over the role manufacturing used to play in providing opportunities for less skilled workers to move up . .
The expansion of health care is also spinning off related jobs .
Cleveland Clinic Innovations , a unit that funds startups , has already created 19 companies in its five years of existence .
Together they employ about 186 people , including more than 50 in the Cleveland area .
One , Cleveland BioLabs Inc. , went public in July and trades on NASDAQ .
" We like to say that the New Economy is alive and well in the 40 blocks of the Cleveland Clinic , " says Christopher Coburn , executive director of Cleveland Clinic Innovations .
UNBALANCED
Shah of Cleveland 's BioEnterprise cautions that biotech may not be the right economic development strategy for many places .
For one , it 's hard to develop a local biotech industry from scratch .
" I 've seen a lot of regions that take a swing at that , " says Shah .
Besides , he says , biotech mainly provides jobs for a small number of highly paid workers .
For many communities , Shah favors a broader strategy of encouraging health - care delivery and medical equipment and supplies .
Still , using health - care spending to create the vast majority of new jobs , while beneficial in the short run , is not desirable over the long run .
A well - balanced economy needs to provide a wide variety of jobs , not just positions for doctors , nurses , and medical technicians .
The biggest worry is that demand for health care will absorb too much of the workforce and squeeze out other types of jobs .
If medical spending rises to 25 % of gross domestic product by 2030 , as many economists expect , health care 's share of jobs could grow to 15 % or 16 % of the labor market from today 's 12 % , based on historical patterns .
Such a shift in employment would require health care to be the single biggest creator of jobs in the economy for the foreseeable future .
And while the U.S. could in theory afford to spend 25 % of GDP on health care , it 's hard to imagine a world in which our children have to choose between working for the local hospital or the local health insurer .
jan-martin
update : what will the us do when " medical tourism " emerges ?
was wird aus den usa wenn sich der trend in sachen " medizintourismus " durchsetzt .
mehr dazu von mishhttp://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2006/07/medical-tourism.htmlalysis.blogspot.com/2006/07/medical-tourism.html,http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2006/08/healthcare-fiasco.html,http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2006/08/healthcare-fiasco-continued.html
jan-martin
Warren Buffet says the rich are n’t being taxed enough .
That ’s an impossible - to - solve problem as long as rich people control the government .
Or is it ?
I got my MBA from the University of California at Berkeley .
I will now make them proud by showing you the most important thing I remember from the program : “ There ’s always a deal to be made . ”
If the government simply says to rich people , “ Give us more money , ” the rich people will say , “ Go pound deficits up your ass . ”
No one agrees to pay extra taxes without a fight , and the super rich are more powerful than the government .
We ’ll have to come at this from a fresh angle .
What if the government could give something of value to the rich in return for paying higher taxes ?
It would have to be something that did n’t cost the government or its citizens any real money .
How about extra rights ?
I smell a deal .
This concept depends on the fact that there are n’t many super rich people in the population .
We could grant this tiny group of people some extra rights without even noticing the loss .
For example , let ’s say the super rich are granted the right to use the carpool lane even if no one else is in the car .
They ’d need special stickers on their cars so they did n’t get pulled over .
It would n’t clog the car pool lane because there are so few super rich people , and half of them have chauffeurs , so they use the carpool lane already .
Society would n’t notice the difference .
And what if we allowed the super rich to park in front of fire hydrants ?
Then they ’d always have a parking place , and being rich , they would n’t mind so much in the unlikely event the fire department had to smash all their windows to run a hose .
How about giving the super rich five votes in each election ?
Their extra votes would have almost no impact compared to the large amounts of money they already donate to candidates .
Again , society would n’t even notice .
How about letting the super rich have DVDs of movies while the film is still in theaters ?
The super rich could watch the movies in their own home theaters , and even pay $ 1,000 per copy so the movie studio makes a profit .
The super rich probably do n’t like going to public theaters , and the public is n’t hurt if a few people see a movie at home ahead of schedule .
Let ’s also say the super rich are exempt from jury duty .
Realistically , they probably get out of serving now if they want , but it saves them the hassle of making up an excuse .
Throw that extra right on the list .
No one would notice .
We could also relax drug laws for the super rich .
Let them drink , snort , inject , and pop anything they want , so long as they do n’t operate a motor vehicle .
The super rich can afford to have someone else do the driving .
They can also afford an addiction without becoming burglars to pay for the habit .
Society loses nothing if a billionaire gets high .
Maybe we could also let the super rich name new streets and government buildings .
They could name them after themselves , or use it as an opportunity for revenge , e.g. Carlisaputz Avenue .
It would n’t cost the poor anything , and it might make life more interesting .
You might say all of these extra privileges would never equal the tens of millions in extra taxes the super rich would have to pay each year .
But the value of a thing is determined partly by its scarcity .
If these extra rights were available only to the super rich , those rights would start looking special , whereas a few extra million in tax savings wo n’t contribute to their quality of life in any way .
I think a deal could be made .
Perhaps you will say there is a psychological cost to the poor in that it will increase their resentment of the super rich .
But realistically , how much extra resentment could anyone generate about a guy who has his own golden helicopter and uses a supermodel as a fluffer ?
Can you think of more rights that can be granted to the super rich in return for their tax money ?
The key is that those extra rights have to have no significant impact on other people .
Go .
Barefoot Lass's
Crazy Things
To Do With Coca Cola !
Visit Barefoot Lass's Other Helpful Hints & Tips Pages !
[ INDEX ] [ BEAUTY TIPS ] [ HOME REMEDIES ] [ STAIN REMOVAL PAGE ] [ COOKING TIPS ] [ CARPET STAINS ] [ WACKY COCA COLA TIPS ] [ AWARDS ]
[ WIN MY AWARD ] [ TOP BEAUTY PICKS ] [ JOKE ARCHIVE ] [ ALL ABOUT BAREFOOT LASS ! ] [ TRIGEMINAL NEURALGIA ] [ PET TIPS ]
Just when you thought you knew everything .....
Below are some wacky uses for Coca Cola that have been sent in by my readers .
Fact or Fiction , you decide ...
Also , check out some really YUMMY Coca Cola Recipes !!
Just look below the wacky tips !
Have To Cover My Butt !!
Disclaimer :
This page is a personal web site and has been created for hobby and recreational purposes only .
It does not represent any of the artists nor their management in any way .
Fair Use Notice :
This web site may contain copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner (s ) .
This page is operated under the assumption that it 's not - for - profit use on the Web constitutes ' fair use ' of said copy - righted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
If you have any really wacky Coca Cola hints or tips ... send them with your name , city and state to : Barefoot_Lass@earthlink.net and I just may add them to the list !
The Coca -Cola name in China was first read as " Kekoukela " , meaning " Bite the wax tadpole " or " Female horse stuffed with wax " , depending on the dialect .
Coke then researched 40,000 characters to find a phonetic equivalent " kokou kole " , translating into " happiness in the mouth . "
Coca Cola History : Amanda from IL .
writes ; " I noticed that you did n't have the fact that the color of Coca Cola was originally green !
I 've also heard rumors that the original brewers added cocaine to the batch and that 's how they got the name Coca Cola . "
Thanks for sharing Amanda !
Jessie from AZ tends to differ !
She writes ; " Coca Cola was never green and it was originated by a pharmacist as a drug to cure depression . "
Ashley from FL writes ; " About coke once being made from cocaine .
I lived in Georgia and we did a section on the origins on Coca Cola in school and it was indeed made from cocaine .
It also had alcohol in it .
Then about 1897 it made new ingredients because people were getting headaches . "
Thanks for the info Ashley !
Mark van de Laak from The Netherlands writes ; " I work for Coke 's largest bottler ( CCE Inc ) in the Netherlands .
The original recipe of Coke is the best secret in the world .
Coca -Cola was originally made form Coca - leaves ( cocaine - plant ) and Cola-nuts ( which grow in Africa ) .
So in the beginning there was cocaine in it .
Mr. John Styth Pemberton , an Atlanta pharmacist , is the father of Coke .
He made it as a medicine .
He also started with alcohol in it , so that 's true also .
Later when Coke commercialized , the cocaine and alcohol where left out and the original recipe was replaced by the " 7X " - formula .
However , Coke has never been green ! "
Thanks for setting us straight Mark !
Kai Mushens from Canada writes : " Coca - cola did in fact contain cocaine , in the original recipe a " serving " would contain 60 mg of cocaine . "
Thanks Kai !
One more ...
Jessica writes ;
" My boyfriend and I both work for Coca - Cola , and all of those remedies do in fact work .
But I want everyone to know that Coca - Cola never had cocaine or alcohol in it .
Who ever has said this does not have their facts right .
From two Coca - Cola employees . "
Anyone else who wants to add more data on the history of Coke .... just email me !
Relieve Jelly Fish Sting : Coke can also be used to relieve the sting from Jelly Fish .
All you have to do is pour the Coke over the sting .
Got The Trots ??
Keran from New Zealand wanted to share this Coke tip with us ; " While living in Papua New Guinea as a child , my father and I got a bad case of the trots .
( As you often do in 3rd world countries ) .
We went to the Doctor , and he told us the most effective treatment would be to get a 2ltr bottle of coke , take the top off and let it go flat , and up to room temperature , then drink 1 glass every couple of hours .
BINGO ... all fixed up inside ! "
Thanks Keran ...
I wo n't be going out of the country with out a supply of Coca Cola !!
Hiccup Cure : Peter C. from Ottawa , Ontario , Canada writes ;
" When I have the hiccups I take a good mouthful of Coke and gargle it .
My hiccups are gone each and every time . "
Ca n't wait until I get the hiccups so that I can try this one Peter .
A big Thank you to you !
Movie Set Magic : Amy in Los Angeles , CA writes ; " I 'm a set dresser , when I can get the work .
And in movies , if we 're going to shoot a dance scene or a fight scene in a place that has potentially slippery floors , we mop the floor with Coke and let it sticky up for a few minutes before they do the scene .
Then we do n't have to worry about the actors slipping anymore ! "
Thanks for sharing Amy !
Colic Remedy :
This remedy was sent in by Bonnie Soderqvist from Dalskog Sweden ; " The best thing I ever found for colic when my boy was a bay was a hint from the doctor .
Leave out a glass of warm coke and give it a stir now and then during the day so most of the bubbles are out by the time colic normally hits .
Put it in the babies bottle and let him drink and burp like you normally would and the colic and tears will be gone .
This works like a charm .
I have passed this remedy on to many young mothers and it has worked every time .
Make sure the coke is room temp .
and use flat , regular Coca Cola ( not diet ) .
My doctor had 8 kids and brought home a case of coke with every baby . "
Big Thanks to Bonnie !
Keep Your Tires Dirt Free : Lawrence , aka - Ldog , writes ; " Back in the early 80's while showing my car in the Super Nationals car show I learned this fantastic tip from an older gentleman .
First , wash and scrub your tires then dry off the rims .
Then you just spray the Coca Cola ( reg. not diet ) onto your tires .
Or , just use a rag dipped in the coke and rub onto your tires .
Let dry and repeat .
This will leave the tires black as can be and will not attract the dirt like all the other products out there .
You have to try this before you believe it . "
Great cola tip Lawrence !
Doggy Paws ??:
Corey from N. Carolina writes ; " I have two dogs that I exercise a lot .
They attend performance event and sometimes their foot pads get worn down .
When the pads become shiny it 's time to soak them for 20 minutes in the glass bottled Coca Cola .
It prevents them from getting bloody paw pads from too much wear , and makes the pads rough again .
I do n't know how it works , but it does . "
Thanks Corey !
Plump Raisins Tip for Cooking : Mary from Enfield , Middlesex , England writes ;
" When baking , if you need to " plump " raisins before adding to cakes and cookies , soak them in Coca Cola instead of water .
Water leaches out the flavor of the raisins , but Coke adds a spiciness and intensifies the flavor . "
Super cooking tip Mary !
Thanks !
Clean Burnt Pans Effortlessly : Carolyn from Nova Scotia , Canada writes ; " I would like to share a slightly different ' cleaning ' use .
While watching " How Clean Is Your House " on TV recently ( British show ) , the ladies cleaned a long - forgotten burnt saucepan simply by boiling some Coca Cola in it .
A few weeks later my turnip boiled dry and the pan was quite encrusted in places .
I recalled this show and since my son had some Coke on hand I decided to try it .
True to their word , it worked like magic ! "
Thanks for this great cleaning tip Carolyn !
Get a Tan? : Velma from Milwaukee writes ; " I was in Mexico a couple of years ago and a lady saw me tanning outside the hotel and I just could n't tan , she then said , " want a great tan " ?
Of course , " I said " .
She said buy some Coke , not diet coke , cherry coke or generic , just plain Coke and apply it over skin .
Believe me , I did , and laid out for a while , I got up , and I had the best tan ever .
It lasted for about 6 - 7 months .
So , now I do it here in Milwaukee when it gets hot , I even use the coke in the tanning machines and it really works .
And , no , bugs will not eat you .
The coke dries in your skin and then your skin is silky .
This is the best tanning lotion I have ever used . "
Thanks Velma !
I can't wait to try this out myself !
Beautiful Curls : Gwendolen from the United Kingdom writes : " Pour a can of flat coke onto long hair and leave it in for a few minutes before washing thoroughly for perfectly separated curls !
I did n't expect this to work , but it did ! "
Thanks Gwendolen !
Antique Your Photos :
This great tip was sent in by Gwen from Denver , PA ; " I found this tip in the Women 's World magazine and thought it would be a great addition to your Coca Cola page .
To make a new photo look antique , just take a photo ( make sure you have a second print of the photo in case you mess up !! ) and soak it in Coca Cola .
I just used a small brownie pan and poured in about 1/2 inch of Coca Cola .
Then I put in the photo until it was covered with the cola .
Just soak for a few minutes until you get the color that you want .
Gently lift out the photo ( careful not to touch the front with your fingers ) .
Then gently pat dry with a soft lintless material .
Or , drip dry .
Then finish drying with a hair dryer .
Wa - La ... antique photo ! "
Thanks a bunch Gwen !
Yummy Constipation Remedy : Verna Donnelly from Biloxi , MS sent in this great remedy ; " For constipation , I used to take Caster oil or mineral oil .
It always made me gag until I hit on this great recipe !
Just take 1 to 3 Tablespoons of Caster or Mineral oil and mix in the blender with a cup or so of Coca Cola for a few moments .
It tastes just like Cream Soda !
You can't taste the yucky oil at all !
This remedy is just for occasional use and if you are pregnant , do not use mineral oil , caster oil , or any other laxative without consulting your Doctor ! "
Thanks for the yummy remedy Verna .
You are a real doll for sharing !
Too Dark Dye Job : Lucy , from Dorset in England writes ; " I went to the hairdressers today , and I asked her if there was anything that would strip dye from hair , or at least fade it ( I have a thing for dying my hair you see ) and she said that if you pour a bottle of diet coke ( and diet coke only ) over your hair , it helps fade dye and even remove it !
I tried it and it did fade the dye considerably . "
Thanks loads Lucy !
Gum in your Hair ! :
This tip was sent in by Linda from Texas ; " Just take the gum coated hair and dip in a small bowl that has some Coca Cola in it .
Let sit for just a few minutes and the gum will wipe right off . "
Thanks Linda !
The Navy uses Coke to help preserve it 's submarines : Bill Ferris from Summerville , SC writes ; " A retired enlisted sailor , I made 17 submarine patrols between 1975 and 1992 .
Subs normally stayed in the cooler , northern waters , but on one patrol we spent a great deal of time in the warmer , southern Atlantic .
When we returned to port , our normally black hull was covered with a snowy , white film .
It was apparently some type of marine animal or plant that thrived in the warmer water .
Try as we might , we could n't clean the film off to prepare the hull for routine preservation ( Navy term for painting ) .
Finally , one old salt suggested we try Coke syrup .
We had a soda dispenser onboard , so we had access to gallons of the syrup .
We poured it on the hull , let it sit for a few minutes , and easily brushed the growth off . "
Thanks for the great info Bill !
Interesting ....
Jessie from Phoenix
Az writes ;
" If you put a can of diet Coca Cola and a can of regular Coca Cola in a swimming pool ..... the can of regular Coke will sink , but the can of Diet Coke will float ! "
Thanks for this interesting tidbit Jessie !
Clean Ancient Coins :
An anonymous contributor writes ; " I have a use for Coca Cola .
We use it to clean ancient bronze coins .
Badly corroded coins are first soaked in 100 percent lye for several weeks , then in the final stage , they are soaked in Coke and hand cleaned . "
Thanks for the interesting info my friend !
Silky Soft Skin : Brianna Fenn from Watertown , CT writes ; " I have always had extremely dry skin .
So has my mother .
I 've tried lots of different types of lotions , but they just do n't leave my legs smooth like they should .
I decided that I had enough of dry skin and I wanted it to stop , so I decided to try something new .
I mixed a spoonful of regular coca-cola ( not diet ) with unscented lotion , and it worked !
My legs were smoother than ever and was like that for days !
It really works !!
Hope it works for you , too ! ! "
Thanks for the silky skin tip Brianna !
Swimming Pool Tip ! : Carol Ruby from Sweeny Texas writes ; " I have well water and the last time I bought salt for my softener , I did n't buy the kind with the rust remover in it .
I filled up my swimming pool and shocked it but my water turned brown because of the iron in it .
I put two 2 - liter bottles of coke in the water and the next day my pool was clear ! "
Thanks Carol !
That 's one I have never heard before !
Ca n't wait to test it out !
Clean Tile Grout :
By accident , I found the perfect grout cleaner for my tile floors !
I spilled a can of Coca Cola on my kitchen floor .
When I wiped it up , to my surprise the grout was as white as can be !
Something 's Fishy in Kodiak , Alaska ! : Joy from Seattle , WA writes ; " In Kodiak , Alaska , at the local Laundromat , the staff charge an extra dollar per load of drop - off laundry to add Coke to your wash .
It is the " only " thing I ever saw that got the stink of Halibut out of fishing clothes , and it even works on clothes that have been washed and dried - if you wash them again with Coke , the smell will come entirely out "
Thanks Joy !
Minty Drink : " Howdy my name is Joe from Austin , Texas .
I found this out by being bored and creative .
Get one of those chewy mints called Mentos .
Original flavor please .
Get a bottle of regular Coke and drop it in .
It will fizz and explode out ( this does n't work with Diet Coke ) .
Now you have created a mint Coke drink .
YUM ! "
Thanks Joe!
Remove Oil Stains from the Driveway ! : Fish from Santa Cruz , California writes ; " I grew up in Australia and it is well known that the best way to remove oil stains from concrete driveways or garages is to pour on coke , let it soak then hose off - Viola ! "
Thanks Fish !
Carpet Stains ! : C. Miller from Atlanta , GA writes ; " I was reviewing your site for the many uses of coca cola , after hearing about coca cola 's many uses from an radio announcer .
I was courious so I tried it for this .
My 5 yr old son , experimenting with a permanent marker , decided to have a field day drawing on my hall carpet with a permanent marker .
Confused of what I would do to remove the large drawing , after trying almost everything even carpet cleaner , I decided , what the heck , I would pour a 20 oz bottle of coke over the stain to see what happened .
To my surprised ....
After letting the coke set and gently using a scrub brush , the permanent marker stain was lifted .
I added a little soapy water which consisted of tide and water to gently wipe over area .
To my amazement the carpet look new again . "
Thanks for sharing C.! Greener Grass : Kathy from McKeesRocks , Pa. sent in this great coke tip .
" Spray an inexpensive cola on your grass once a month for super green grass which remains greener than other lawns throughout the fall and winter months .
This really works !
Also , for green grass and no bugs , combine : 1 can of coke , 1 cup of ammonia and 1 /4 cup of dish soap .
Spray on grass once a month . "
Thanks Kathy !
Common Cold :
Take some fresh ginger and put it in a pot with a can of Coca Cola .
Let it come to a boil and then cook on a low heat for a few minutes .
Drink while warm .
It will ease your cold symptoms !
Congestion : Silvia from Toluca , México sent in this Coca Cola health tip !
" When a person feels congested and has a lot of phlem , a glass of hot coca cola before going to bed for several days will help a lot .
A friend gave me the tip , I did with my children and it worked ! "
Thanks so much Silvia !
Nauseated ? : Bob from San Leandro , California sent this great tip in to settle your stomach ; " If you are nauseated open a can of Coke and let it stand until the carbonation goes away , then take a teaspoonfull every hour , I was told this by an advise nurse at Kaiser Hospital when I came down with the flu and was throwing up .
It really works . "
Thanks for taking the time to share this Coca Cola remedy with us Bob !
Here is a quick tip for taking the carbonation out of Coke fast , sent in by Sue Aber from Ohio ; " To take the carbonation out of the Coke , add a teaspoon of sugar to the Cola .
This works with any type of cola and is especially handy if you are not at home and cannot wait for the cola to go flat . "
Thanks Sue ! Clean Your Kettle : Craig Barry from England writes ;
" This is a crazy tip my grandmother used to de-scale her teapot / kettle .
Add a 2 liter coca cola ( the real thing ! ) to you kettle and let it settle for a day .
Then rinse your kettle out a few times and wipe clean and kapow its clean !
Your kettle is now de-scaled and dirt free ! "
Thanks for sharing Craig !
Power A TV ? : Carlos writes ; " Back home ( Ecuador , South America ) , my brothers and I were at the farm one day .
We did n’t have electricity but we had a small generator , but my dad did n’t let us use it during the day , and we wanted to watch a soccer match .
So we found that our small TV had a 9 volt input on the side , so we took an old tractor battery hooked it up to the TV and we put lemon juice inside the battery to see if that would make it come alive again , well it kinda did , but we had a tiny image , and it died in seconds .
So my brother as a joke said , lets put Coca Cola in there , and WOW ... the thing worked perfectly !!
I can't remember how long it lasted , all I remember is that it worked great and we were pretty impressed ! "
Wow .. thanks for the interesting Coca Cola tip Carlos !!
Too Much Information :
In many states the highway patrol carries two gallons of Coke in the trunk to remove blood from the highway after a car accident .
( this one has got to be a myth ! ) Kym from Washington State writes ; " I thought that I would inform you that the information on your website about the highway patrol carrying coca cola in the back of their patrol cars is not a myth .
It is indeed very true .
The reason for it is that it " eats " the blood off the concrete and looks like water therefore it is not so noticeable as kitty litter or sawdust .
Thought that I would clear that up for you .
I have worked for the state patrol clean up crew for a number of years . "
Thanks Kym ! Debbie Loyer from Morgantown , PA writes ;
" There 's a great show on the Discovery Channel called Mythbusters and they did several experiments with Coke .
The one about highway patrol carrying Coke with them is TRUE !
The Mythbusters used pigs blood and poured it on their parking lot in 2 spots .
One spot they hosed down with water , but there was still some blood left .
The other , they poured some Coke on and let it sit for just a minute , hosed it off and ALL the blood was gone ! "
Thanks for sharing Debbie !
Start A Compost Pile : Donna Hall from Normangee ,
Tx sent in this compost tip ; " To start up your compost pile start with straw , lawn waste , old leaves , and in the middle add a can of coke .
Put it near where you can turn it easily once a month and add water but remember , you do n't want to make it too soggy !
After a few months the coke will turn it into usable compost . "
Thanks Donna !
Remove Grease , Creosote & Asphalt from Clothes : Lorraine Besmer writes , " If you get grease , creosote or asphalt on clothing , just pour a can of regular coke in the wash water , along with the normal amount of detergent .
The Coke will remove the stain .
I got this tip from my son's future mother in law whose husband worked on the railroad and got creosote on his clothing from the railroad ties .
It also worked when my son got grease on his clothing from working on his pickup . "
Thanks Lorraine !
JLM from Troy MI sent in this tip ; " I heard that Coca Cola took out stains so I tried it on a wine stain and it worked like a charm ! "
Clean Battery Corrosion : Jeanna Logan from Asheville , NC writes ; " Here 's a trick I 've known about for years .
I was surprised that it was n't shown on your Coke page .
Pour a can of Coke on your car battery 's connections to remove that cruddy corrosion .
A clean connection makes it easier to start your car ! "
It 's on now !
Thanks Jeanna !
Bug & Road Film :
Got bug guts and road haze on you car windshield ?
Check out this tip that Garry from Queensland , Australia wanted to share with us ; " I use Coke to clean off accumulated crud from the windscreen of my car .
I buy a 600 ml bottle and shake it up so that it acts like a pressure pack can .
The citric and phosphoric acids lift everything off , including crusted on bugs .
Best not to do it in full sun , and wash it off immediately . "
Thanks Garry !
Shelling Eggs !!
Jason from Salem , Oregon sent me this crazy tip !
" I know that Pepsi has phosphoric acid , but I never thought to look at a can of coke to see if it did too .
The reason I say this is because I 've been told that if you put an egg into pepsi , the acids will dissolve the shell ... and if Coke has the same acid it will also dissolve the shells of eggs .
Just a thought for shelling those annoying hard boiled eggs ! "
Thanks Jason , I got a kick out of that !
Could this be a myth ?
Check below for more on phosphoric acid to find out !
Phoroshoric Acid - Fact or Fiction ?
The active ingredient in Coke is phosphoric acid .
It 's pH is 2.8 .
It will dissolve a nail in about 4 days !
Wow !
Jared Brown from Richland , Washington wrote this letter concerning this " rumor " !
" What you heard is n't true at all .
I 've been doing a science project on the effects of phoroshoric acid and I tried to dissolve egg 's and nails , even a steak .
Nothing was dissolved .
I put a nail in a bowl of Coke and changed the coke everyday for 3 weeks .
Nothing happened .
The nail did n't flynch in size or weight .
It just turned a really dark cool brown color .
" Aw oh Jared , Libby from West Frankfort IL does n't agree with you !
Libby writes ; " I just read the Coke tips page and Jarred ( sp ) said Coke will not dissolve a nail .
I have tried the same experiment and learned that if you want it to dissolve you must use an iron nail without a coating .
Iron is very reactive with acids .
Also , you need to put it in a 2 Liter bottle and reseal it because it is actually the carbonic acid ( from the CO2 - carbon dioxide ) that dissolves the nail not the phosphoric acid .
If the Coke is open then the Carbon dioxide escapes and will not be as effective . "
Thanks for setting us straight Libby !
The following two tips have been reprinted from " Polish Your Furniture with Panty Hose " by Joey Green ( Hyperion , 1996 ) with permission of the author .
To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers :
Rub the bumper with a crumpled - up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca - Cola .
To clean a toilet : Pour a can of Coca - Cola into the toilet bowl .
Let the " real thing " sit for one hour , then flush clean .
The citric acid in Coke removes stains from vitreous china .
Ice Removal : Jennifer from Asheville , NC writes ;
In the winter when your windshield ices up , just pour coke over it and it will go away instantly !
Thanks Jennifer !
Sounds a bit messy , but a good way to get that ice off quick when you are in a hurry and happen to have a Coca Cola near by !!
Clean Truck Engines ?
Paul from Greensburg , Pa. sent in this tidbit ; " I 've heard that the distrubutors of Coke have been using it to clean the engines of their trucks for about 20 years ! "
If anyone knows if that is true , let us know !
And here is are last tip from Libby ; " Pour Coke down your drain once a month to keep it from clogging . "
" Coca - Cola " and " Coke " are registered trademarks of the Coca - Cola Company AND WE DRINK THIS STUFF !!
( But it 's Sooooo Good ! ! )
Yummy Coca Cola Recipes !
Coca Cola Cake !
Melody Itson from Cave Spring , GA send int this yummy Coca Cola Cake recipe ;
Take chocolate cake mix and mix it with 1 can of diet coke ( 10 - 12 oz . ) .
Bake as directed on the back of the cake mix box .
It makes the moistest chocolate cake ever .
All you use is the cake powder and the diet coke ( no eggs , milk , etc . .. ) ! if making a vanilla cake you can use Diet sprite ! "
I Can't wait to try this one Melody !
Thanks so much for sharing !
Easy BBQ Sauce : Tony Miles from Riverside , Ca. wanted to share this delicious BBQ sauce with everyone ; " I had a friend who made the best home made barbecue that I can remember .
He mixed 50 - 50 coca cola and Heinz ketchup together and slathered on his barbecue meat . "
Thanks Tony !
Yummy BBQ Sauce :
Pat wanted to share this wonderful recipe with everyone !
Ingredients :
2 T. cooking oil ( olive works well for the heart )
1 lg. onion ( or 2 smaller ones )
3 cloves garlic crushed or minced
1- 28 oz . bottle ketchup
1 - 12 oz . can Coca Cola ( the real thing )
1 T. soy sauce
Saute onion and garlic in the oil until transparent .
Add ketchup , soy sauce , and Coke to that and simmer until of desired consistency .
If you like it thick , simmer it a little longer than , if you want a light sauce coating .
Cool and use on all your grilled meats or , make Sloppy Joe 's out of it with pre-browned meat or leftover meat .
You can make up to 6 x the recipe and store leftover sauce for the summer in the freezer or fridge in air tight containers .
I do this so that I have plenty on hand for the summer months .
Variations follow :
Add some liquid smoke if you want it smokey .
If you want it less sweet add 1 t. vinegar .
Want it spicier add red pepper flakes or juice from canned jalapeno peppers .
You can also divide it if you make a bigger batch and make it a variety batch with different tastes for different dishes .
Use your imagination , and the recipe is endless as far as different varieties .
BBQ Left - overs : Sarah from TN sent in this great Coca Cola tip : " If you have barbeque leftovers like chicken or steak put them in a pan with a can of coke and reheat in the oven , the meat stays extra tender without ruining the grill flavor . "
Thanks Sarah , I can't wait to try this one !
Super Tender Steak : Janae Knight from Long Beach , CA writes ;
" My uncle , who is a retired chef , always marinates steaks in coca cola before barbequing .
It works as a great tenderizer . "
Thanks for the yummy tip Janae !
I 've tried this great tip and it works even better than store bought meat tenderizer !
Boy Scout Coca Cola Chicken : Dennis from Kent , Wa. sent in this yummy recipe !
" In a Dutch Oven or Crock Pot add up to 12 pieces of chicken , 1 bottle ( 36 0z . ) Catsup , 20 oz .
Coca Cola .
Cook in Crock Pot until Chicken is tender and comes off the bone easily .
In a Dutch Oven , heat to 350 degrees , cook for 30 minutes or until chicken comes off the bone easily . "
Thanks Dennis !
Coca Cola Chicken : Dolores Martinez from Las Vegas sent this recipe in : " Take one frying chicken , 1 cup of chile de arbol , ( dry red chiles ) 1/2 cup of brown sugar , 2 cans of coke .
Cut and fry chicken - - remove from pan -- to pan add 1 can of coke , brown sugar , and crushed up chiles -- bring to a boil add chicken and simmer on low for 20 minutes -- add reserve can of coke if liquid evaporates .
Serve over white rice .
This is a very spicy meal and it is delicious . "
Thank you for sharing this great recipe with us Dolores !
Flavorful & Tender - Pork , Chicken or Beef : Liz from Peoria , IL writes : " Mix equal parts of Coca Cola and catsup and pour over your meat in a Crock Pot .
Cook on HIGH for 4 - 5 hours or LOW for 8 - 10 hours .
Works well with pork , chicken , beef .
I 've also added onion at the same time as the Coke / catsup mixture and that 's also tasty . "
Thanks Liz !
This also works great when using an inexpensive cut of beef !
Tender !
Tender Pot Roast : Ron from Nevada sent me this great cola tip .
" When preparing a potroast , use Coke instead of water .
Tenderizes and imparts unique flavor . "
Thanks Ron !
To bake a moist ham : Empty a can of Coca - Cola into the baking pan ; wrap the ham in aluminum foil , and bake .
Thirty minutes before the ham is finished , remove the foil , allowing the drippings to mix with the Coke for a sumptuous brown gravy .
" Coca - Cola " and " Coke " are registered trademarks of the Coca - Cola Company
CLICK HERE TO SEND THIS SITE TO A FRIEND !
Check out Barefoot Lass 's other great pages !
[ INDEX ] [ BEAUTY TIPS ] [ TOP BEAUTY PICKS ] [ HOME REMEDIES ] [ HOUSEHOLD HINTS ] [ COOKING TIPS ]
[ STAIN REMOVER PAGE ] [ CARPET STAINS ] [ AWARDS ] [ WIN MY AWARD ] [ JOKE ARCHIVE ] [ ALL ABOUT BAREFOOT LASS ! ] [ PET TIPS ]
Updated - 9/10/14
Copyright © 2000 - 2014 Barefoot Lass
All rights Reserved
NO PART OF THIS WEB SITE MAY BE COPIED OR USED IN ANY FORM
WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM BAREFOOT LASS !
Name : Jim Himes
Party : Democrat
Race : U.S. House 4th District
Greenwich residents have known Jim Himes for years first as a resident and neighbor and now as a congressman .
In his hometown , Himes served as a chair of the Housing Authority ’s Board of Commissioners , as a member of the Board of Estimate and Taxation and as chair of the Democratic Town Committee in Greenwich .
He was elected to the House in 2008 , defeating longtime Republican incumbent Christopher Shays in the 4th District , which covers 16 municipalities in coastal Fairfield County and one town in New Haven County .
Himes is a father of two girls , speaks fluent Spanish and had a career in investment banking .
Now a six - term incumbent in the 4th District , Himes currently serves on the House Financial Services Committee and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , where he is the ranking member of the
Aaron encountered a Catch - 22 while signing up for wireless access .
For you logicians out there , see if you can follow me .
Signing up for wireless access ( C ) requires you to enter your credit card over a wireless connection ( A ) .
You should never transmit credit card information wirelessly ( B ) .
Therefore , ( ( A ^ B ) => C ) , but ( A => !B ) and ( B => !A ) .
Ergo , you can never sign up for wireless access .
Also , note that it only warns you about this after you 've already submitted your credit card information .
[ Advertisement ] [ Advertisement ]
BuildMaster allows you to create a self - service release management platform that allows different teams to manage their applications .
Explore how !
PALM DESERT , Calif . --
This desert oasis that has long been home to presidents and movie stars now has a touch of royalty .
Her name is Jazmin Grace Grimaldi , and she is the 14 - year - old out - of - wedlock daughter of Monaco 's Prince Albert II and a California woman who reportedly worked as a waitress .
If it sounds like the plot of a Disney movie , it is -- almost .
Unlike the fictional Mia of ``The Princess Diaries , " Jazmin wo n't face the painful decision of whether to take the throne of the 700 - year - old dynasty .
The royal family of the tiny principality recognized her yesterday but said she will not be in line to the throne .
Her life quickly took on the trappings of royalty , including the hordes of paparazzi , after word came from Europe that Albert acknowledged that he was the teenager 's father .
Photographers and reporters converged on Palm Desert and watched from across the street at St. Margaret 's Episcopal School , where she has been an honor student , and the world media sought details about her and her mother , Tamara Rotolo , 44 .
But Jazmin and her mother were nowhere in sight , and police warned a reporter and photographer that they would be arrested if they set foot on school property .
A bodyguard kept watch .
The community two hours east of Los Angeles also responded protectively .
``Leave that poor girl alone ! " a woman yelled from a car stopped at a traffic light .
The area , which includes the towns of Palm Springs , Indian Wells , and Rancho Mirage , has long been a playground or retirement area for the rich and heads of state , including former Presidents Eisenhower , Ford and Reagan .
Frank Sinatra , Bob Hope , and other stars used to golf or party in the area .
Confirmation that Albert was Jazmin 's father followed years of rumors about a daughter , and Albert 's acknowledgment in July that he fathered a boy out of wedlock by a former flight attendant from Togo .
French media reports said the never - married 48 - year - old prince had a romance with the girl 's mother in 1991 when she vacationed on the Cote d'Azur in the south of France .
The girl 's March 4 , 1992 , Riverside County birth certificate identified the father as Albert Alexandre Louis Pierre Grimaldi of Monaco .
The French media reported that Tamara Rotolo is a former waitress .
But she apparently now works in real estate .
The prince , who is the son of Hollywood beauty Grace Kelly and has a personal fortune estimated at $ 1 billion , made the public acknowledgment of the girl through his lawyer , Thierry Lacoste .
Albert ``officially recognizes a paternity that was legally established a few weeks ago , " Lacoste said in an interview published yesterday in France 's Le Figaro .
Albert initially planned to keep his parentage of Jazmin secret until she reached adulthood , but ``the situation had become untenable for her " in recent weeks amid increasing speculation , Lacoste said .
Albert 's other child , 3 - year - old Alexandre , is not in line for the throne either .
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
Celebrity Crossword
Editor 's Note :
The clues in this puzzle are a little more playful and involve more wordplay than in a typical crossword .
You have been warned .
-- WILL SHORTZ
Your web browser does not support Java applets or Java is not enabled in web browser preferences .
Print this puzzle ( PDF ) | Solve this puzzle in Across Lite | Answer Key : 2269
See the Solution ( PDF )
Latest Content 186 Comments ) 23 Aug 2020 | Review : Pathfinder Kingmaker 20 Comments ) 21 Apr 2020 | Review : Horizon's Gate 228 Comments ) 4 Apr 2020 | Top Non-RPG PC Games RESULTS ! 16 Comments ) 15 Mar 2020 | Review : Broken Lines 44 Comments ) 26 Feb 2020 | Interview : Chris Bischoff on Beautiful Desolation 11 Comments ) 8 Feb 2020 | Review : Der Geisterturm
Some thoughts on the Fallout 3 article Visit our sponsors !
( or click here and disable ads ) Some thoughts on the Fallout 3 article Editorial - posted by Vault Dweller on Sun 17 June 2007 , 00:26:25 Tags : Fallout 3
Fallout : Take Four
Fallout : Tactics .
Fallout : Brotherhood of Steel .
Black Isle 's Fallout 3 . Bethesda's Fallout 3 .
So , here we are again .
The details of another Fallout game are finally announced .
One more time we ask ourselves a question : is it really that difficult to understand the concept of the original game ?
Oh well ...
I think I can see fear in the orcs ' eyes .
Can you ?!
Let 's start with the writings on the proverbial wall that the fanbase mostly ignored , choosing to believe in Easter Bunny and turn - based , isometric , true Fallout game instead :
We 're not going to suddenly do a top - down isometric Baldur 's Gate - style game , because that 's not what we do well .
Pete Hines , 2004
There was so much more to Fallout than the angle you viewed it at , or how combat was resolved .
...
At itâ€™s core , itâ€™s a survival game .
Todd Howard , 2004
Imagine a survival horror - esque version of the Fallout world ...
Game Informer , 2004
Three years later we are presented with a first person , real - time , survival horror - esque Resident Evil- version of the Fallout world .
It brings an end to " this quote was misunderstood / taken out of context / does n't mean that the game wo n't be turn - based and isometric / nothing has been decided yet ! " naive crap and many people 's dreams to play a true Fallout game .
Now , let 's take a good look at what the Game Informer article has revealed and see what Bethesda has in store for us .
The setting .
" The spirit of Fallout - we 've missed it . " , Todd Howard .
As usual , Todd meant it literally .
Bethesda has moved the game to another coast , which was a smart move .
It could have allowed them to make their own version of the Fallout world , to share their vision with players , to make some mistake and get away with them .
It was a license to be creative .
For Bethesda , it was a license to fuck things up .
Big time .
The neo - Fallout setting is loaded with super mutants hiding in dark places and the Brotherhood of Steel stormtroopers protecting the wasteland .
Neither group should have been on the east coast , especially in large numbers , for reasons obvious to anyone who had enough patience to finish the first game .
Why ?
Well , according to the first game there was only one Forced Evolutionary Virus ( F.E.V. ) research facility , that was used to produce super mutants .
Since the super mutants were sterile , and most of them and the research facility were destroyed in the first game , nothing short of lame " uh ... there was another F.E.V. facility " would explain the super mutants presence in FO3 .
As for the BoS , it was a small monastery - like organization , very similar to " A Canticle for Leibowitz " monk order , interested only in preserving technology and not being disturbed .
Saviors , knights , police , liberators , and the last hope of humanity the Brotherhood of Steel is not .
This concept art illustrates perfectly the monastery - like nature of the BoS .
To show that Bethesda understands and , like , totally digs the setting , the game features exploding nuclear reactors in cars and mind - blowing " tell me it 's a joke " handheld nuclear catapults .
In the example described in the Game Informer article , the main character , undoubtedly inspired by the famous Baron Munchausen , kills two giant ants by shooting at a NEARBY car 's nuclear reactor .
A small nuclear blast destroys the car and the ants , but ignores the resourceful main character , standing a few meters away .
The nuclear catapult is an even more retarded concept and , hopefully , needs no explanation .
Using nuclear explosions in close combat in a survival game that watches your rad count is kinda stupid .
Even for Bethesda .
Notice the " nucular " explosions in the background .
The Fallout setting is inspired by the 50's science - fiction .
To put it simply , that 's how people in the 50's envisioned the future .
The GI article proves beyond a reasonable doubt that there is a huge difference between capturing the atmosphere in a short intro trailer and in the actual game .
Other than lame " HAY !
WE R FROM TEH 50'S !!! " posters and boards , there are no traces of either the 50's sci-fi influences or the Fallout art style in the game .
Such a shame , and not even because I care about the consistency , but because having a certain style is always better than going with something generic .
The biggest problem with the carefully chosen screens is that they lack personality and distinctive character .
They could fit any game , from Wolfenstein to Resident Evil .
Fallout 3 - a role - playing game ?
" It 's not an action game .
It 's a role - playing game . " , Todd Howard
Todd Howard seems to think so , but then again , Todd seems to think a lot of things .
Some of them may even be true .
Leaving the obvious question " why did the magazine file Fallout 3 under " action RPG " ? " aside , let 's take a look at what the presentation of this role - playing game was focused on .
For example , how many dialogue screens were shown in those 10 pages ?
Zero .
Would n't you think that dialogues are an important Fallout element that the presentation should have mentioned , if not focused on ?
Apparently not .
How many quests were explained in details , showing the design and them moral , game - changing choices ?
Once again , Bethesda follows the Oblivion formula : focus on the visuals and HAWT AKSHUN , assure people that quests and dialogues are superb and awesome in seven different ways , but show nothing to back up these claims .
Charisma - the dump stat ?
In fact , many of the 360 version 's Achievements will be about acquiring these different titles as you progress - getting all the Achievements is almost impossible in just one playthrough , particularly due to the nature of quests in Fallout 3 .
ALMOST impossible ?
You mean like " it will be very hard to become the head of all Oblivion guilds " right ?
Anyway , the article insists that the game will be loaded with choices & consequences , branching quests , and other role - playing goodness , but , sadly , no examples are given .
Considering Bethesda 's fondness to make shit up in order to sell more copies , caution would be strongly advised .
Let 's now go line - by - line over more specific gameplay observations :
The sign above the gate reads : " Megaton . " ...
A massive undetonated bomb sits in the crater at the center of town , apparently the settlement 's namesake .
Some insane religious zealot kneels at its base , espousing the bomb as a miraculous sign from God .
You push past him and head to the bar .
... Inside Moriarty 's Bar you spy an imperturbable businessman , Mister Burke .
He 'd like to get rid of Megaton - something about " a blight on the burgeoning urban landscape . "
He 's got a fusion pulse charge that could arm the live and ticking bomb at the center of town .
You take the charge and head back outside .
... " It 's about time , " Mister Burke says , and hands you the detonator .
In the distance , you can see the town .
There 's no turning back after this .
The money 's not really that good , now that you think about it .
You press the button anyway ...
Deja Vu
Ok .
Let me get this straight .
Some idiots built a town around an undetonated nuke .
Some guy wants you to detonate the nuke because it's a " blight on the urban landscape " .
Looks like the fact that a nuclear explosion would wipe out and contaminate that very landscape does n't occur to him .
Then again , in this setting people use nuclear explosions to light up cigars , so maybe it 's not that bad .
A well designed quest !
Anyway , did you notice that the article does not mention any option to do something differently ?
One would think that Todd would have illustrated or at least mentioned all the options while playing through this quest .
Something like " of course , you can blow a hole in Mister Burke 's head instead " or " you can talk to the sheriff " , etc .
So , either these options are not present and the game railroads you or Todd does n't think that these options are interesting / have consequences / worth mentioning .
Either scenario is alarming .
Emerging from the Metro into the ruins of the old capital city of a dead nation , it only takes moments to realize you 're in over your head .
A swarm of mutants crawl across the old marble stonework ... when suddenly across the street more shots begin to ring out .
Their powered armor gleaming , a squad of knight - like soldiers begins to drop your would - be killers .... offers for you to come along as she and her fellow Brotherhood of Steel members clear out more mutants .
They 're heading your way , so why not ?
A scripted event implying linearity .
How exciting !
As the giant mutant turns its eyes on you , you pull the trigger , and the bomb hurtles over to the beast 's feet .
The creature crashes down in a cloud of nuclear fallout .
Slipping away from the surviving soldiers , you enter the NEARBY tower ...
Looks like in the future nuclear fallouts are as common and about as dangerous as farts .
When you add the new and improved combat system , the missing father who plays a dramatic and prominent role , your 19 year old character , wasteland radio stations playing 40's and 50's tunes , drinking from toilets , and other exciting details , the only question that begs to be asked is " Was it really necessary to pay all those millions for the Fallout license ? "
Tags : Bethesda Softworks Fallout : Tactics .
Fallout : Brotherhood of Steel .
Black Isle 's Fallout 3 . Bethesda's Fallout 3 .So , here we are again .
The details of another Fallout game are finally announced .
One more time we ask ourselves a question : is it really that difficult to understand the concept of the original game ?
Oh well ...
Let 's start with the writings on the proverbial wall that the fanbase mostly ignored , choosing to believe in Easter Bunny and turn - based , isometric , true Fallout game instead :
Three years later we are presented with a first person , real - time , survival horror - esque Resident Evil- version of the Fallout world .
It brings an end to " this quote was misunderstood / taken out of context / does n't mean that the game wo n't be turn - based and isometric / nothing has been decided yet ! " naive crap and many people 's dreams to play a true Fallout game .
Now , let 's take a good look at what the Game Informer article has revealed and see what Bethesda has in store for us .
Bethesda has moved the game to another coast , which was a smart move .
It could have allowed them to make their own version of the Fallout world , to share their vision with players , to make some mistake and get away with them .
It was a license to be creative .
For Bethesda , it was a license to fuck things up .
Big time .
The neo - Fallout setting is loaded with super mutants hiding in dark places and the Brotherhood of Steel stormtroopers protecting the wasteland .
Neither group should have been on the east coast , especially in large numbers , for reasons obvious to anyone who had enough patience to finish the first game .
Why ?
Well , according to the first game there was only one Forced Evolutionary Virus ( F.E.V. ) research facility , that was used to produce super mutants .
Since the super mutants were sterile , and most of them and the research facility were destroyed in the first game , nothing short of lame " uh ... there was another F.E.V. facility " would explain the super mutants presence in FO3 .
As for the BoS , it was a small monastery - like organization , very similar to " A Canticle for Leibowitz " monk order , interested only in preserving technology and not being disturbed .
Saviors , knights , police , liberators , and the last hope of humanity the Brotherhood of Steel is not .
To show that Bethesda understands and , like , totally digs the setting , the game features exploding nuclear reactors in cars and mind - blowing " tell me it 's a joke " handheld nuclear catapults .
In the example described in the Game Informer article , the main character , undoubtedly inspired by the famous Baron Munchausen , kills two giant ants by shooting at a NEARBY car 's nuclear reactor .
A small nuclear blast destroys the car and the ants , but ignores the resourceful main character , standing a few meters away .
The nuclear catapult is an even more retarded concept and , hopefully , needs no explanation .
Using nuclear explosions in close combat in a survival game that watches your rad count is kinda stupid .
Even for Bethesda .
The Fallout setting is inspired by the 50's science - fiction .
To put it simply , that 's how people in the 50's envisioned the future .
The GI article proves beyond a reasonable doubt that there is a huge difference between capturing the atmosphere in a short intro trailer and in the actual game .
Other than lame " HAY !
WE R FROM TEH 50'S !!! " posters and boards , there are no traces of either the 50's sci-fi influences or the Fallout art style in the game .
Such a shame , and not even because I care about the consistency , but because having a certain style is always better than going with something generic .
The biggest problem with the carefully chosen screens is that they lack personality and distinctive character .
They could fit any game , from Wolfenstein to Resident Evil .
Todd
Howard seems to think so , but then again , Todd seems to think a lot of things .
Some of them may even be true .
Leaving the obvious question " why did the magazine file Fallout 3 under " action RPG " ? " aside , let 's take a look at what the presentation of this role - playing game was focused on .
For example , how many dialogue screens were shown in those 10 pages ?
Zero .
Would n't you think that dialogues are an important Fallout element that the presentation should have mentioned , if not focused on ?
Apparently not .
How many quests were explained in details , showing the design and them moral , game - changing choices ?
Once again , Bethesda follows the Oblivion formula : focus on the visuals and HAWT AKSHUN , assure people that quests and dialogues are superb and awesome in seven different ways , but show nothing to back up these claims .
ALMOST impossible ?
You mean like " it will be very hard to become the head of all Oblivion guilds " right ?
Anyway , the article insists that the game will be loaded with choices & consequences , branching quests , and other role - playing goodness , but , sadly , no examples are given .
Considering Bethesda 's fondness to make shit up in order to sell more copies , caution would be strongly advised .
Let 's now go line - by - line over more specific gameplay observations :
Ok .
Let me get this straight .
Some idiots built a town around an undetonated nuke .
Some guy wants you to detonate the nuke because it's a " blight on the urban landscape " .
Looks like the fact that a nuclear explosion would wipe out and contaminate that very landscape does n't occur to him .
Then again , in this setting people use nuclear explosions to light up cigars , so maybe it 's not that bad .
A well designed quest !
Anyway , did you notice that the article does not mention any option to do something differently ?
One would think that Todd would have illustrated or at least mentioned all the options while playing through this quest .
Something like " of course , you can blow a hole in Mister Burke 's head instead " or " you can talk to the sheriff " , etc .
So , either these options are not present and the game railroads you or Todd does n't think that these options are interesting / have consequences / worth mentioning .
Either scenario is alarming .
A scripted event implying linearity .
How exciting !
Looks like in the future nuclear fallouts are as common and about as dangerous as farts .
When you add the new and improved combat system , the missing father who plays a dramatic and prominent role , your 19 year old character , wasteland radio stations playing 40's and 50's tunes , drinking from toilets , and other exciting details , the only question that begs to be asked is " Was it really necessary to pay all those millions for the Fallout license ? "
There are 200 comments on Some thoughts on the Fallout 3 article
Tree with a face May 30 , 2007
A staff photographer on the Shropshire Star spotted this melan­choly face on a tree standing in Ashton Road in Shrewsbury , next to Shrewsbury High School ’s junior department , in January 2006 .
Staff and pupils had walked past the tree every day without noticing the striking simulacrum – or , at least , without drawing anyone else ’s attention to it .
[ Source ]
A few years ago , Joe Clark famously wrote the following :
Article Continues Below
If your site has valid code or something trivially close to same , you are working with , and within , Web standards .
If you serve up tag soup or any document with myriad validation errors , you are merely using CSS layout ….
The matter is now settled .
Almost exactly one year later , Doug Bowman had a different take ( emphasis mine ) :
We do n’t point out validation errors on public redesigns anymore .
We know a valid site is such a tiny part of any overall measure of success .
Validation is something I only do on my own work now .
Here we have two well - known standardistas , both of whom have done ( and will do ) more for the adoption of standards than this author ever will .
Yet both have different takes on what role validation plays in designing for the web .
In fact , they perfectly represent the division that exists between standards advocates today .
You probably find yourself taking one of two positions on validation :
You take a hardline stance , rightly stating that if we fail to follow the conventions of a language , then we ’ve produced something altogether different and , well , invalid .
You take a pragmatic view , rightly stating that the invalid code generated by broken tools and third - party code should n’t negate one ’s overall commitment to web standards .
So if both views are right , where does that leave us ?
The problem at hand #section2
We can all agree that the realities of the web make it hard to build a standards - compliant site .
Once the client ’s CMS , outdated WYSIWYG editors , and third - party advertising code have finished with once - valid markup , things begin to look ever - so - ugly under the hood ; this leads many to suggest , like Bowman , that an insistence on validation is at odds with commercial web design .
Given that most of these invalid sites look fine in a browser , the amount of time and money required to produce perfectly valid final code seems not only prohibitive , but pointless .
Valid markup has become equated with two things nobody wants : impracticality and implausibility .
Refining the message #section3
If it were n’t for the early days of standards advocacy , for sites like the CSS Zen Garden , Wired News , or Fast Company , we would n’t be as far along as we currently are ; heck , I ’d probably still be a self - hating spacer.gif slinger .
Despite those successes , our fractured take on validation stems partly from the wonderful evangelism that got us here .
Whenever I conduct a training session , I poll the room to see why the audience uses or plans to use web standards .
The responses typically read like a doctrine that my generation of web designers have been raised on .
Namely , that building with web standards can …
shorten development cycles , as we no longer have to slog through through six layers of nested tables to build site templates .
lower maintenance costs , as the CSS Zen Garden showed us .
decrease page weight , which in turn reduces page load times and dramatically lowers bandwidth costs ( we ’ve Mike Davidson ’s excellent <!-- 403 MAR2013 -->ESPN.com interview <!-- --> to thank for those metrics ) .
These are , I think , the “ sexier ” benefits of web standards , the bulletpoints we ’d use to sell prospective clients on CSS -/ XHTML - driven designs .
And with good reason : these are all excellent , compelling points .
No sales pitch should leave home without ’em .
Noticeably absent from the list is any mention of why we should adopt standards , or what that process actually entails .
I mean , I ’m sure we can list benefits of producing valid code , such as :
A proven increase in a site ’s accessibility ,
The promise of device independence ,
The presence of a metric against which an individual or a team ’s production can be measured , and
The knowledge that your site is future - proof , displaying in any standards - compliant browser yet to be invented .
But the sum total of those points does n’t exactly scream “ compelling business case . ”
When you ’re speaking to a mid -level marketing executive about standards , which would you rather lead with : saving terabytes of bandwidth , or investing in device independence ?
Yeah .
That ’s what I did , too .
Yet while the benefits of valid code may not be glamorous , we can — and should — talk about them .
Validation is n’t an end result or a final deliverable ; it ’s an ongoing process that continues long after a site launches .
If we do n’t put the proper tools and commitment in place , our work will start looking like a late ‘ 90s throwback , and if we do n’t provide guidance and education on validation , the polished , perfect pages we produced will be snapped into software that ’ll produce tag soup in seconds flat .
So how can we speak about validation in a way that ’s compelling to our clients ?
The hidden cost#section4
Validation might not have been the sexiest selling point for standards , but it does have very real fiscal benefits .
In the past couple years of running my own practice , I ’ve become slightly obsessive about tracking my time , especially when it ’s spent dealing with bug reports .
When an issue comes in , I note the error and the account , and start the timer .
Once it ’s resolved , I note the cause , stop the timer , and move on .
Toward the end of my first year in business , I noticed that more and more of my time was spent working around invalid code .
Layout issues that would have been trivial to fix in a valid , error - free template would take significantly longer to debug in a live page that had a few hundred validation errors .
It was a matter of figuring out which parts of the page were n’t causing the errors , so I could focus on fixing the problematic section .
But when the page ’s markup has three or four hundred validation errors , this process quickly becomes a time sink .
A necessary one , but a sink nonetheless .
So by year ’s end , I found that approximately fifteen percent of my time was spent mired in invalid code .
As an independent designer / developer / something , I ’m grateful for all the work my clients send me .
Still , what if I was a salaried employee ?
If IT departments conducted a similar audit , I ’m confident they ’d find similar numbers .
And this kind of auditing needs to happen .
Invalid sites may look the same as those built on a foundation of valid , well - formed code , but in my experience , they invariably cost more to maintain .
This is the silent weight of invalid code , a hidden cost we do n’t discuss nearly enough .
None of this changes the here and now .
To be honest , the pragmatists are right : that for the most part , validation and commercial web design are polar opposites .
But the tools are evolving to the point where we can begin moving beyond validation as a roadblock , and CMSes like WordPress and Slashcode are dedicated to producing standards - compliant code ; visual editors such as Dreamweaver and ( more recently ) Microsoft Expression Web almost stubbornly refuse to produce invalid markup .
So where do we go from here ?
Pitch process , not code#section6
In recent months , I ’ve been relearning how to sell standards .
I still touch on the exciting bits ( the lighter pages , the lower maintenance costs , and so on ) , but I do n’t shy away from selling validation ’s role in unlocking the real savings of web standards .
And it ’s been an easier sell than I ’ve thought : once you ’ve shown a client how standards can improve their sites ’ accessibility , keep it future - proof and device independent , and lower maintenance costs , they ’re usually ready to listen .
And that ’s where the real conversation begins .
By considering your client ’s production workflow and the software that supports it , you and your client will be better able to identify what could break your joint commitment to standards — and as a result , they ’ll be better able to fix these issues themselves .
Shop smart : shop standards # section7
Companies like Adobe and Microsoft have recognized the growing market for standards compliance , and openly tout their products ’
W3C - friendliness in the sales material .
But despite that silver lining , most CMS tools and online advertising companies are spewing out code that would make Netscape 3 proud .
This is where the lone consumer can move mountains .
When meeting with a prospective vendor , our clients need to ask if the product is standards - compliant , much as they might ask if an ad serving solution provides targeting information , or if a CMS is J2EE compliant .
Standards should be an equally weighted part of any decision - making process — and if we remind our clients of the financial benefits of validation , it will be .
Same sandbox , same struggles #section8
But in all honesty , the real work begins with us .
Regardless of whether we find validation impractical or imperative , the infighting in the standards community is the biggest obstacle to real progress .
Instead of trying to understand what factors make both sides agitated , we ’ve vilified the people on the other side of the argument .
We need to identify what ’s making 100 % validation so expensive and difficult , and work on removing those factors .
As our contribution to that effort , we ’ll be discussing common validation killers and ways around them in an upcoming A List Apart article .
You can contribute by using this article ’s forum to bring up common obstacles to validation and the workarounds or process changes you ’ve used to get past them .
Samuel Johnson once said , “ Where there is no difficulty there is no praise . ”
Personally , I think that Sam would ’ve sung a different tune three minutes into debugging his first CSS layout , but the man has a point : we ca n’t fall prey to complacency .
In a perfect world , clumsy software and bad workflows would n’t break our code , and validation would just happen .
But until I also get that magical flying pony I asked for , we ’ve got some work to do .
After all , true standards compliance is only as impractical or implausible as we make it .
Given how far we ’ve come in the past few years , this next challenge seems like a trivial one indeed .
Let ’s get to work .
The most powerful nations failed to achieve their objectives in 39 percent of their military operations since World War II , according to a new study that bodes ill for American hopes of winning the war in Iraq .
Victory in any conflict hinges on getting the population of the adversary on your side , the study showed .
Driving Saddam Hussein ’s army out of Kuwait in the 1991 Gulf War and overthrowing his government in 2003 worked by brute force , said study leader Patricia L. Sullivan in the School of Public and International Affairs at the University of Georgia .
But quelling sectarian violence in Iraq today would require " target compliance . "
“ We can try to use brute force to kill insurgents and terrorists , but what we really need is for the population to be supportive of the government and to stop supporting the insurgents , ” Sullivan said today .
“ Otherwise , every time we kill an insurgent or a terrorist , they ’re going to be replaced by others . ”
The war in Iraq has a probability of success of about 26 percent with an estimated duration of 10 years , according to Sullivan 's model .
Sullivan analyzed all 122 post World War II wars and military interventions in which the United States , the Soviet Union , Russia , China , Britain or France fought a weaker adversary .
She examined factors such as the type of objective , whether the target was a formal state or a guerilla or terrorist group , whether the target had an ally , and whether the more powerful nation had an ally .
The model was accurate in 80 percent of conflicts .
It predicted a 7 percent chance of success for the Soviets in the 1979 to 1988 war in Afghanistan and a 93 percent chance of success for the U.S. in the 1991 Gulf War .
Previous researchers have hypothesized that more powerful states fail because of poor strategy choices or a lack of resolve .
Sullivan agreed that those factors play a role , but the support of a population is also required .
“ No one could have predicted exactly what would happen after we overthrew the regime of Saddam Hussein , ” Sullivan said .
“ But what my model could say was that if the population was not supportive of whatever new regime we put in power and the American strategic objective shifted from regime removal to maintaining the authority of a new government , the likelihood of a successful outcome would drop from almost 70 percent to just under 26 percent . ”
The research , detailed in the June issue of the Journal of Conflict Resolution , was supported by grants from the National Science Foundation and the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation .
今日はPHPのround関数に関して前回と違った切り口で紹介してみます。また、コンピュータ上での整数についても少し紹介してみます。
前回の記 事「 PHPの奇妙なround関数 」( [id:hnw:20070515 ] ) を読んで、小数点が付いた数なんてPHPで触ったことないから関係ないや、なんて考えた方が居るかもしれません。そんな方のために、今回は整数を四捨五入してみます。
PHP のround関数は、省略可能ですが第2引数を取ることもできます。これは、何桁目までで丸めるかの指定です。デフォルトは0です。例えば第2引数に2を指定すると、小数点以下第3位を四捨五入して小数点以下第2位までに丸めてくれます。
ここにマイナスの数を指定することで、1の位より上の桁で四捨五入をすることもできます。たとえば、下記のように第2引数に-2を指定すれば100の位で丸められます。これは仕事でプログラムを書く際にも使える場面がありそうです。
$ php -r ' $ x=1192 ;var_dump ( round ( $x , - 2 ) ) ; ' float ( 1200 )
さて、このような使い方をしたとき、前回奇妙に感じた件はどう影響するんでしょうか。早速試してみましょう。
There is a pop-eyed glazier who drives around the streets near my house in a van equipped with a loudspeaker and a range of cartoonish noises :
Tarzan 's yodel , a neighing horse , a raucous wolf - whistle .
He never smiles as he unleashes these but stares blankly ahead , which I suppose is all part of the joke .
His sound - effects always startle me and , being so arbitrary and unnecessary , they seem to symbolise the futility of my attempts to avoid the ever increasing din of our world .
At least the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) is on the case .
It is about to publish a consultation document as the first step towards the creation of a National Noise Strategy .
The latest newsletter published by the National Noise Association - a lobbying group uniting several noise protest groups - carries the optimistic strap - line : The Year of the National Noise Strategy .
But Val Weedon , national coordinator of the association , can easily contain her excitement .
It is partly that hollow word " consultation " , she says .
The aviation industry tends to hold consultations immediately before some new hike in aircraft numbers .
This is so that it can say to people who subsequently point out that their lives have been wrecked by the din : " Now hold on a minute , we had a very full consultation before the changes were brought in . "
" Do you think this is the noisiest country in the world ? "
I ask her , as we sit sipping tea in her City office , safely cocooned in double glazing .
" Well , there 's India , " she says .
" People say that 's very noisy , but it 's certainly a thought . . . we 're definitely up there . "
I have known Weedon for some time , and she and I share the same scars .
We have been marked for life - our nerves permanently undermined - by a noise problem .
In my case it was barking dogs in a neighbouring backyard .
I am still proud of the plan I developed for murdering them : lobbing an ice cube packed with rat poison into their water bucket .
I did n't do it ; instead I became one of the half a million people a year who move home because of neighbour noise .
When on my last day in the flat I checked under the bed , I looked with a mixture of rage and shame at all the wax earplugs that had slipped down between mattress and headboard .
With Weedon it was music .
" In the 80s I was living in Abbey Wood [ in south - east London ] and the woman next door would n't stop playing records at top volume . "
Was one track played particularly often ?
This is sadistic of me because I know the answer , but I want to see the look on her face as she replies : " Yes - All Around the World by Lisa Stansfield , over and over and over again .
Weedon moved house and founded , in 1991 , the Peace and Quiet Campaign , with Spike Milligan as patron .
" Spike , " she recalls , " had a sign on his front door that said , ' It is possible to close the door without slamming .
Try it , and see how clever you are . ' "
Milligan hated noise , but loved sound .
While making The Goons , he once filled his sock with custard and threw it against a wall to test a theory about what it would sound like .
Noise is unwanted sound and technological advances - as they are generally known - ensure that we have far too much of it , with far too little opportunity for redress .
The main anti-noise legislation is the Environmental Protection Act of 1990 .
" It 's pretty useless really because its definition of ' noise nuisance ' is so hard to satisfy , " says Weedon .
Only about one in 40 complaints made under the act lead to a noise abatement order .
Your neighbour with the hair - trigger car alarm can in theory also be subject to an Asbo should your local authority and the police deem it appropriate , but that hardly ever happens .
So will the consultation will lead to new legislation ?
Weedon sighs and says : " I doubt it . "
The fear is that the consultation will merely produce windy guidelines rather than hard , punitive action .
It is to be carried on as Defra concludes the drawing up of noise maps for Britain , an EU initiative designed to identify the noisiest parts of the country .
I can't help thinking that I could the tell EU commissioners that in about three minutes over a cup of coffee , which would save them a good deal of money .
Both these initiatives seem so cumbersome and elliptical that you want to tell their earnest instigators : " Just stand still and listen , for God 's sake . "
This is a country in which many shop - workers were exposed to Jingle Bells up to 300 times a day during the recent festive season .
And guess how many mobile phones we own per 100 people ?
I love this one : 108 , second only to garrulous Italy , where the figure is 123 .
If our ancestors could be revived and returned to their former habitations they would be deafened .
Research conducted at the Sheffield Hallam University discovered that , overall , Sheffield was twice as loud in 2001 as it had been in 1991 , and that some parts of the city were 10 times louder .
The south of England is worse , though , courtesy of Heathrow , the biggest airport in the world , and one of the worst - positioned .
For the noisephobic individual , the danger is of finding yourselves in the noise tracks of the planes .
In the easterly wind - which obtains for 30 % of the time - planes take off over London and come in to land over Berkshire .
London perhaps gets the best of that arrangement because departing aircraft are supposedly confined to " noise preference routes " ( as if anyone prefers it ) .
In the westerly wind , however , which obtains for 70 % of the time , the planes descend in billowing curves over a wide swathe of north and south London before turning and following the river westwards .
In the process , they fill the sky with a near constant howling and these incoming routes are determined solely by the requirements of air traffic control .
As an official at National Air Traffic Services once airily informed me , " The tracks of these planes are not related to points on the ground " - which is a shame , since most of us do live on the ground .
Standing foursquare against this evil is John Stewart , who shares an office with Weedon , and is a man I often think ought to implode from the sheer rightness of his opinions .
He is the chairman of the UK Noise Association ; also of Transport 2000 , which promotes sustainable transport , and of HACAN Clearskies , which protests against the Heathrow operators ' apparent belief that they own the sky .
Stewart used to live in Clapham , south London , and the deal there - as with much of London - is that you are in earshot of a descending aircraft every few minutes .
" It was the planes that forced me to move , " says Stewart , " but the noise of a nearby laundry also contributed .
For years , it was fine , and they installed these new , much louder machines .
On at 10 to 7 in the morning , off at 20 to 10 at night . "
He sits back and grins .
" Do you know , " he says , " that the transport white paper of 2003 makes us the only country in the world that is actually planning for - actually embracing - a three - fold increase in aviation ? "
The third runway proposed for Heathrow will take care of the few remaining oases of quiet in the capital : High Street Kensington , Notting Hill , Holland Park .
No Defra noise plan is going stop that .
( Mass civil disobedience , uniting anti-noise and anti-carbon protesters might just . )
And , by the way , if anyone is reading this and congratulating themselves on living outside London , I say : " Do n't gloat , because you 're next . "
Just yesterday BAA announced plans for a £ 2.3 bn expansion of Stansted in Essex , including a new runway and terminal .
By 2030 , it expects the airport to be handling 68 million people , as opposed to last year 's 24 million .
Last year , the Ashridge estate , billed on the National Trust website as " lovely country parkland along the ridge of the Chiltern Hills " succumbed to the expansion of Luton airport .
It includes the village of Ayot St Lawrence , where George Bernard Shaw lived and wrote in a shed in the garden .
You could n't write more than a paragraph there now without some shuddering crate looming overhead .
In Bristol , Brandon Hill park - a lunchtime haven for office workers - recently lost its quiet sky to the expansion of Bristol airport , which dealt with four and half million passengers in 2004 , and five and half million in 2006 .
If I lived in the Wirral , which is increasingly blighted by the growth of John Lennon Liverpool airport , where passenger numbers increased by 30 % last year , I would find the slogan of that airport rather disturbingly abstracted :
Above us only sky .
( Executives at Liverpool JL would do better to be guided by another line from the same song :
No hell below us . )
It would be nice to swing away from aeroplanes and relate the quiet virtues of rail .
Research does show that people are less bothered by train noise per se than by noise produced by cars and planes , but our government promotes aviation and road transport at the expense of trains , and the trains themselves are not as quiet as they ought to be .
Take the train horn that was introduced across the network five years ago .
Peter Wakeham of The Noise Abatement Society ( NAS ) , describes it as , " An obscenity .
The horn makes a noise of between 110 and 120 decibels .
A thunderclap is 120 decibels .
It can be heard three miles away . "
But Wakeham is just getting into his stride : " The horn is being sounded in some places five , six , seven times an hour .
There are children on tranquillisers because of it , and we know of an old lady who tried to kill herself because of the noise .
We have had at least 17,000 complaints . "
The Noise Abatement Society was founded in 1959 by John Connell , who died in 1998 , a hero to noisephobics .
For example , he invented - in the sense of suggesting the idea to a manufacturer - the rubber dustbin lid .
Today , the new train horn is the main front on which the NAS does battle , and its efforts have resulted in the formation of a rail industry body called the Train Horns Steering Group , which has introduced well - meaning but complicated proposals to restrict use of the horn , so that the wretched object is now a bureaucratic headache as well as an assault on the public .
" We ought not to be fiddling with the regulations about when and where it can be used , " says Wakeham .
" We need a new train horn . "
Trollope wrote his novels sitting on trains .
You could n't do that today because the " train manager " clears his throat and makes a speech every time the train leaves a " station stop " .
The Swiss Railways run perfectly with no announcements ; ours run badly with constant announcements , and I think there is a lesson there .
The Paris Metro is also more or less silent , whereas a feature of my tube journeys is the clashing of not two but three announcements .
The first might be " This train terminates at Morden via Bank " , which is ungrammatical .
The second might be " Remember to touch in and touch out with your Oyster card on every journey . "
As to that , well , I think we might just have got the point by now , since the announcement has been played every five minutes for three years .
And these two are often complimented by a third announcement from the British Transport Police : " Thieves will lose no opportunity to remove your bags and personal belongings . . . " which always reminds me of that sketch in which Peter Cook plays a thick copper who pronounces : " This robbery has all the hallmarks of having been committed by thieves . "
" This is the information age , " a spokesman for Central Trains glumly reminded me when I asked why his company had installed televisions on some of its Cross City services between Redditch and Litchfield via Birmingham New Street .
Passengers are exposed to adverts ( from which Central derives revenue ) , the news , short documentaries and something chillingly referred to as " entertainment content " .
" We had some complaints at the beginning but now we have 70 % passenger approval , " said the spokesman .
I promised I would quote the figure , and I do so in a state of depression , and not without noting that C2C , the ludicrously named Essex operator , also experimented with TVs on its trains , but decided against adopting them because of overwhelmingly negative passenger reaction .
C2C suffers from the British curse - stemming perhaps from the great length of our history - of wanting to appear youthful .
It describes itself as " young , innovative , dynamic " , and I suspect its TV experiment arose from making the equation between " young " and " loud " .
I seem to remember that , aged 18 or so , I would sometimes walk into the crowded , cacophonous pubs of central York and ask the landlord to turn the music up .
I am now 44 and most people I know who object to noise are at least my age , which raises the question : is this an inter- generational battle ?
Nigel Rodgers , of the anti-piped music campaign , Pipedown , says : " There 's a presumption that young people will want piped noise all the time , but I do n't think it 's generational so much as biological .
The older you are , the more bothered you are by the increased stress , raised blood pressure and psychological problems that it causes . "
Two years ago , on a bus in Middlesbrough , I heard some horrible pop music made far worse by being squeezed through a tiny aperture .
It was like the sound of the worst sort of badly tuned 70s tranny magnified tenfold .
I turned around to see the face of a teenage boy , whose expression said , " You do n't like this , do you ?
And you 're too scared to do anything about it . "
Only slowly did it dawn on me that another technological leap had occurred : it had evidently become possible to download music on to a mobile phone , and to upload it into the ears of people trying to think on a bus .
I should say here that Transport for London is about to launch a poster campaign about this menace , and that the Liberal Democrat MP , Bob Russell , has put down an early - day motion asking the government to require mobile phone operators to introduce a code of practice with the aim of reducing noise nuisance .
And let me perpetuate this feeble strain of hope by mentioning that Lord Beaumont , the Green peer , has introduced a bill to curtail the playing of piped music in hospitals .
Pipedown campaigns about this , and its literature includes testimony from Sheila , a former patient of Western General hospital , Edinburgh , who was subjected to piped pop while having chemotherapy , and Ray , who , after noisy experiences as a patient at St James University Hospital , Leeds wrote : " Heaven , please hear me , and let my end come without music or TV . "
Silence is now regarded as a lapse , an omission that must be rectified , and the danger , according to Nigel Rodgers , is that we are all becoming addicted to noise as a result .
I can understand this because I am sort of addicted to it myself .
I often travel to Manchester on Virgin trains , and sit clenched and waiting for the first passenger to go to the toilet and mistake the alarm button for the flush button , thereby triggering a strident reversing - lorry tone , and the Dalek voice that proclaims every minute and a half , " Attention , train crew - passenger emergency alarm activated " .
When it starts up - and it has never failed to do so in the dozens of times I 've used the service - I think , ah , there it is .
And I sit back and almost relax because the fact is that silence is so tenuous and likely to be interrupted in the Britain of 2007 that , frankly , we might as well have the bloody noise .
· To apply for a copy of the Defra consultation document , email noise@defra.gsi.gov.uk
Pipe down : how to make your world quieter
Given that we can't all just move to Northumberland National Park ( the most tranquil place in England , according to the Campaign to Protect Rural England , where sheep out - number people by five to one ) here is a guide to tackling your sound problems one by one .
Noisy streets
Double glazing is so passé : for up - to - the - minute noise reduction , you want the fenestral equivalent of turning it up to 11 .
Not triple glazing , but secondary glazing .
" That is where you add an extra window pane four inches or so inside the existing double - glazed window , " says sound proofing guru Gary Peskett of Custom Audio Designs .
If that 's not enough , consider fitting a different thickness of glass from that in the original window ( different widths cut out different sound waves ) and even laminated glass .
For those unfortunate enough to live under a flight path , Peskett recommends extra-heavy quilting insulation rather than ordinary fibreglass - " something weighing around 8 kg per square metre " .
Noisy neighbours
If you are a flat dweller tormented by the sound of your upstairs neighbours , consider putting in a " secondary resilient ceiling " - essentially a floating floor that Peskett claims can cut noise by half .
You can perform a similar trick on dividing walls .
Raw materials cost around £ 30 - 40 per square metre , according to Peskett .
What about the garden ?
The National Noise Association 's jaunty " Quiet Guide : Tips for a Quieter Life " suggests you plant a dense barrier of trees to absorb sound .
Your commute
In the olden days , people were plagued by the actual plague ; nowadays , it is the tinny thrum of other people 's iPods .
Unfortunately , according to Brad Warwick of www.allearplugs.com, not even the world 's most sophisticated ear plugs can silence outside noise completely .
He says : " Earplugs generally reduce noise by up to 35 dB depending on the material and how the earplug is applied .
The most effective are those that are used inside the ear canal and can usually attenuate noise to around 29 - 34 dB for standard soft foam earplugs . "
This is n't desperately impressive when you consider that the average conversation is conducted at between 50 and 60dB .
Warwick adds that to block out most noise , you could get custom - made plugs made to fit your own ear canal .
But what if you want to listen to your own iPod ( keeping the volume down , of course ) without being interrupted by the train driver 's endless announcements ?
Clare Newsome , editor of What Hi-Fi ?
Sound and Vision magazine , says : " Everyone knows that the best thing you can do with the headphones you get free is to bin them . "
In What Hi-Fi tests , the Shure brand of noise - isolating headphones has fared well : see www.shure.com.
Newsome recommends spending at least £ 100 .
The office
Even if you work in a library , you may still be driven batty by the hum of computers and stationery - crazy colleagues .
But there is a solution .
The National Noise Association ( NNA ) recommends www.quietpc.com, a company that specialises in noise elimination for computers .
And you consider switching your sticky tape to 3M Low Noise Tape : " Pulls off smoothly from the roll without that unpleasant screech . . . your colleagues will definitely appreciate it , " says the ever considerate NNA .
Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) revealed on Friday afternoon that the White House and Pentagon were holding up a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee investigation into the friendly fire death of former professional football player and Army Corporal Patrick Tillman .
" [ T ]he Committee wrote to White House Counsel Fred Fielding seeking ' all documents received or generated by any official in the Executive Office of the President ' relating to Corporal Tillman 's death , " noted a press release from the Committee .
But the White House has apparently again invoked its executive privilege to hold up the documents sought by Waxman and Ranking Minority member Tom Davis ( R - VA ) .
I dont have much else to say accept that Pat 's family deserves better , and so do we .
Support the troops and their families , contact congress and let them know we demand answers .
This paragraph explains the importance of the truth :
" These questions have implications for the credibility of the information coming from the battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan and raise significant policy issues about how to prevent the future dissemination of untrue information , " Waxman and Davis wrote to Fielding .
" They also have a profound personal impact on the Tillman family .
It is for these reasons that the Committee requested documents from the White House . "
UPDATE :
This sticks out in the documents release :
ln response to a similar document request from the Committee , the Defense Department produced an e-mail sent on April 28 , 2004 , from John Currin , the White House speechwriter who drafted the Correspondents '
Dinner speech , seeking additional information about Corporal Tillman from the Department of Defense . a
This e-mail was not
produced by the White House , and no explanation was provided for the omission .
Mr. Currin 's request appears to have generated a high - level military memo warning that the President should be informed that Corporal Tillman was killed by friendly fire .
3 Days later Bush spoke at the White House Correspondants dinner where he not only invoked Tillman , but said this :
" They 're willing to give up their lives and when one is lost a whole world of hopes and possibilities is lost with them , " Bush said .
" This evening , we think of the families who grieve and the families that wait on a loved one 's safe return .
We count ourselves lucky that this new generation of Americans is as brave and decent as any before it .
And we honor with pride and wonder the men and women who carry the flag and the cause of the United States . "
Honor them now Mr. Bush .
Honor them now .
Look .
If you 're Facebook , why on earth would you sell to Microsoft for $ 6 billion if you did n't sell to Yahoo for $ 1 Billion last year ?
You just would n't .
You do n't NEED anyone right now .
Do you ?
Mark and his senior team has probably already been " de - risked " by the …
Look .
If you ’re Facebook , why on earth would you sell to Microsoft for $ 6 billion if you did n’t sell to Yahoo for $ 1 Billion last year ?
You just would n’t .
You do n’t NEED anyone right now .
Do you ?
Mark and his senior team has probably already been “ de - risked ” by the last round of investment , meaning they ’ve taken money off the table and are not lured by possible riches ( this is pure speculation , mind you , not personal knowledge ) .
It must drive everyone who is trying to buy them crazy .
Facebook has a tiger by the tail .
Today I turned down a chance to discuss “ if Facebook is the next Google ” on CNBC .
It ’s the current fascination .
Why Facebook , why now , when there are dozens of other social networks out there ?
I ’ve heard valuations for the company that put it at past $ 12 billion .
On $ 30 million in estimated earnings this year .
Wow .
Get me that multiple , please !
Even $ 6 billion is what – 200 times earnings ?
It got me thinking .
After all , in 2002 , tons of folks were asking the same question .
Why Google , why now , when there were dozens of other search engines out there ?
Last time , there was an easy answer : PageRank .
Is there an easy answer this time ?
I do n’t see one .
Do you ?
WASHINGTON , July 13 — With the Senate stymied so far in its bid to assemble enough votes to sway the White House on Iraq , two leading Republicans offered a new approach on Friday that would require President Bush to present a strategy by October that began limiting the involvement of American forces .
There are , it seems , nearly as many Iraq proposals circulating on Capitol Hill as there are senators who question the war .
And so far , none of the attempts to change course have succeeded in transforming a dissent that is palpable among Democrats and Republicans into a wide enough majority to withstand a filibuster or a presidential veto .
In offering the proposal on Friday , Senators John W. Warner of Virginia and Richard G. Lugar of Indiana were seeking to reach that elusive goal when the Senate resumes its debate next week .
The two senators , among the most respected Republican voices of military and foreign policy , are seeking to attract Democrats as well to the plan , which also urges Mr. Bush to seek a new war authorization from Congress in September .
But despite the irrefutable sour public opinion on the war , there remains deep discord in Congress over the politics — and substance — of proposals presented during a protracted six - month Iraq debate in Congress .
Lawmakers say the fact that Iraq has become a central issue in a spirited presidential campaign has also emerged as an obstacle to the kind of bipartisan accord that Mr. Warner and Mr. Lugar say they are seeking .
Gonzales Chief of Staff defends holding on to US Attorney job in Connecticut Michael Roston
Published : Wednesday July 25 , 2007 Print This Email This Attorney General Alberto Gonzales seemingly selected a permanent replacement for D. Kyle Sampson as his Chief of Staff in April .
But that has n't stopped Kevin O'Connor from holding onto his position as US Attorney for the District of Connecticut .
O'Connor , who has served as US Attorney in the northeastern state since 2002 , assumed the additional responsibility of managing Gonzales ' office on April 10 .
A spokesman from his office in Connecticut insisted that there has been no trouble with the federal prosecutor serving in both positions .
" I can confirm that the Office has not ' missed a beat , ' and continues to function as normal , " said spokesman Tom Carson , referring to a promise O'Connor made to his staff when he accepted Gonzales ' appointment , in a Tuesday e-mail to RAW STORY .
" The U.S. Attorney is always available by phone and email , and he is in his Connecticut office once a week . "
A Google search does indicate that O'Connor has kept busy the last month on local cases , including the recent convictions of a drug trafficker and a former FBI agent for assaulting a federal marshal .
According to a Friday Fox News report on remarks delivered late last week to Justice Department employees , Gonzales offered the April appointment of O'Connor and two other " long - time Justice employees " in the positions of Deputy Attorney General and Director of the Executive Office of US Attorneys as evidence that the Attorney General would " return authority to career employees , and rid the department of any stigma of political influence . "
Still , the ' dual - hatting ' function of some US Attorneys has come under Congressional scrutiny since the Justice Department fired 8 US Attorneys at the end of 2006 .
Internal Justice Department communications showed that some of Gonzales ' staff accused former US Attorney to New Mexico David Iglesias of being an ' absentee landlord ' because he served in the Naval Reserve while in office .
In response , Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) criticized the Attorney General for making some US Attorneys ' absentee landlords ' because he gave them simultaneous jobs in Washington .
" Mr. [ William ]
Mercer is currently serving as your acting associate attorney general , even though he 's U.S. attorney in Montana , " Leahy said in the April hearing .
" The chief judge out there has been very , very critical of the way that office is run , the fact that he 's gone . "
Mercer has left Washington and returned full - time to Montana .
Still , Gonzales defended the practice at that time .
" Every case is different with respect to serving in dual - hat capacities , " he responded to Leahy .
" I 've heard no one complain about the fact that Pat Fitzgerald was prosecuting [ Scooter Libby ] while he was still serving as the United States attorney . "
Echoing Leahy 's sentiments , one member of Connecticut 's Congressional delegation worried at the time he was appointed Chief of Staff that O'Connor would not be able to manage both jobs effectively .
" I am concerned about his ability to act as both chief of staff for the Department of Justice and the U.S. attorney for the District of Connecticut , " Democratic Senator Chris Dodd said in a statement to AP on April 11 .
Dodd 's office did not respond to a RAW STORY inquiry on whether the Senator 's concern continued .
But Carson claimed O'Connor would n't be serving in both roles indefinitely .
" He also said that he had agreed to do both jobs for approximately six months , so we 're still within that time frame , " the Connecticut Prosecutor 's spokesman said .
" He has no intention to serve in both roles indefinitely . "
While O'Connor apparently says he will not work permanently in Washington , his tenure at the Department of Justice has already run longer than six months .
From Jan. to April of this year , he served as Associate Deputy Attorney General in the Department 's Criminal Division .
Some political pundits in Connecticut have speculated that O'Connor was thinking about running for office .
For instance , Stan Simpson described O'Connor in an April 21 Hartford Courant column as , " Connecticut 's most exciting political prospect , " and argued that he could run for governor .
O'Connor has run for political office in the past .
In 1998 , he was defeated by Rep. John Larson ( D - CT ) in a congressional race .
In response , his spokesman said that a desire for elected office was not encouraging O'Connor to keep his job in Connecticut .
" Kevin O'Connor has no plans to seek political office in 2008 , " Carson wrote .
And Simpson suggested a reason why Carson might be telling the truth in his April column .
" Even with Gonzales ' name a potential stain on his resume , O'Connor 's promotion allows him to bolster his Washington connections , making him more appealing to the private sector , " the Courant columnist wrote .
Delay : US and Israel must enjoy second coming Will Menaker
Published : Thursday July 26 , 2007
Print This Email This After attending the College Republican convention , Nation journalist Max Blumenthal took his camera to the Christians United for Israel 's annual Washington - Israel Summit in D.C. Founded by right - wing mega- church pastor John Hagee , the group has " added the grassroots muscle of the Christian right to the already potent Israel lobby , " " forging close ties with the Bush White House and members of Congress . "
That evangelical support for Israel is largely based on " End Times " theology is largely irrelevant to the Israeli politicians who share the goal of expanding settlements into the West Bank and a military strike on Iran , but it is anything but irrelevant to the rank - and - file members and even one former House Majority Leader .
Blumenthal opens the video by interviewing Tom Delay , who when asked how much the " Second Coming " plays into his support for Israel , says , " obviously , it 's what I live for , I hope it comes tomorrow . "
Delay closed by saying , " we have to be connected to Israel to enjoy the second coming . "
While Hagee and others have stated that " End- Times " theology or eschatology plays no role in their support for Israel , the people Blumenthal interviewed tell a different story .
Former Israeli ambassador to the U.S. Dore Gold , also claims that it plays no role and is not concerned with the apocalyptic undertones of such a group , claiming only the Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad purports to want Armageddon .
Blumenthal then interviews a string of conference - goers who explain how when Jesus returns all of the Jews will be " saved " after realizing the divinity of Christ .
He also speaks to several people who say they are looking forward to Armageddon , because it will bring about the " cleansing of the earth . "
He is also hounded by a pair of PR flacks who want to make sure he is not asking questions about " End Times " or conversion of Jews , which according to them are questions , " okay to ask , but just not now . "
Hagee stressed the need for a preemptive military attack on Iran to " prevent a nuclear holocaust " as he introduced Sen.
Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) to thunderous applause from the crowd .
Lieberman compared Hagee to Moses and pointed out a visiting Rick Santorum as a " worker for what is good in our society . "
Other conference attendees were quick to note that Muslims are satanic , and that the anti-Christ would most likely be a " man of peace . "
Much like the College Republican convention , Blumenthal is eventually kicked out after confronting Hagee with a passage from his book that blames the Jews for their own persecution .
Enjoy this story ?
Get headlines in your browser as they break .
Watch whole video here .
Social whitelisting with OpenID
A key feature of OpenID is that it provides a globally unique identifier for every user , no matter what site or service they are using on the Web .
This gives us a powerful tool to fight comment spam .
If someone has logged in with an OpenID and we are confident that they are not a spammer ( remember , spammers can create OpenIDs too ) we can add them to a whitelist , allowing their comments to skip any moderation step or spam guard that we might have in place .
This weblog has a comment spam detection system based on simple heuristics .
Comments are assigned a score ; if the score exceeds a certain level the comment is placed in a queue for moderation .
As of today , one of the heuristics is “ does the comment author have an OpenID that is on the whitelist ” .
I ’ve populated my whitelist with the OpenIDs of people who have posted two or more useful comments and do not appear to be using an anonymous provider .
I ’ll be adding to it regularly in the future .
Here comes the social part : I ’m sharing my whitelist .
If you run your own OpenID - enabled weblog you are welcome to include my whitelist in your comment spam heuristics .
If you publish your own whitelist , I will happily do the same .
Social whitelisting benefits from being de-centralised , just like OpenID .
If I find that you have whitelisted a spammer , I can unsubscribe from your whitelist .
There ’s no central authority or point of failure .
Long - time readers may be feeling a strong sense of deja-vu .
Way back in September 2003 , I proposed shared comment blacklists as a solution to weblog comment spam .
The idea was simple : every time you delete a spam comment , you add the link it was advertising to a public blacklist .
Other blogs could then subscribe to your blacklist and block any new comments advertising the same site .
The blacklisting idea was flawed from the very start .
It was a classic example of Marcus J. Ranum ’s number one dumbest idea in computer security : Default Permit .
Spam blacklists assume that if we do n’t know a link is bad , it ’s good .
Spammers can create new bad links far faster than we can blacklist them .
Here ’s Ranum ’s suggested alternative :
The opposite of “ Default Permit ” is “ Default Deny ” and it is a really good idea .
It takes dedication , thought , and understanding to implement a “ Default Deny ” policy , which is why it is so seldom done .
It ’s not that much harder to do than “ Default Permit ” but you ’ll sleep much better at night .
Social whitelisting uses Default Deny .
As such , I believe it has a much higher chance of making a useful impact on the comment spam problem .
Update : I should have mentioned that this idea developed over a number of discussions with Tom Coates , which totally slipped my mind when I was writing it up at 3am .
Co-Founder Sees Slashdot As The Original Blog
In a wide - ranging interview , Jeff Bates discusses Slashdot.org 's impact on online publishing , plans for the Web site , and the benefits of " slashdotting . "
Jeff Bates co-founded Slashdot.org with Rob Malda in 1997 .
He 's now the VP of editorial operations and executive editor of the site .
He spoke recently with InformationWeek 's Thomas Claburn about online publishing .
InformationWeek : What has Slashdot 's impact been on traditional media outlets ?
Bates :
I think that the most interesting thing about Slashdot in terms of its effect on the traditional media is that it really is , and was , a harbinger of things to come .
When the site was started , now we 're talking almost six years ago at this point ... the blog simply did n't exist .
Slashdot is kind of the grandfather of blogs in many ways .
It 's different in that there is n't just one voice .
There 's kind of the voice of the site , but it 's not just one person posting on there .
But I think that at first , traditional media was unaware of the fact that it existed .
And what has most interested them , in talking to people at lots of different media organizations ... is how involved the community of people are on the site .
Do you know Dan Gillmor at all ?
InformationWeek : Yes , not personally , but I know his blog and that he used to write for the San Jose Mercury News .
Bates : I 've known Dan for a while now .
Dan got really , really interested in this kind of grassroots , this kind of open - source approach to journalism .
Rather than it being a one - to - many message ... my co-founder Rob Malda and I have always kind of viewed running Slashdot as , " We run the pub . "
We run the menu .
We know what we 're going to serve at the bar , but really the real meat of it is people coming in and talking about things , looking at things .
And I think that that part of it is the part that 's most unique .
... I think it's that community involvement that has been the biggest shift for traditional media to come to grips with .
InformationWeek : Traditional media outlets have to deal with legal issues from time to time .
Has Slashdot had to confront that ?
Bates :
There have been a number of different issues .
One , several years back now , was actually a confrontation with Microsoft , because they embraced and extended an open standard called Kerberos , which is part of encryption .
And we had posted a story about it .
Someone had posted the code in one of the comments on the story .
And Microsoft came and said , " We want that taken down .
That 's our intellectual property . "
Our response was no , it 's not , it 's an open standard , so it 's not yours , we 're not going to take it down .
And in that case , we did n't take it down .
And they , after sending over their initial salvo , then backed off because they realized they were in the wrong .
However , there have been other occasions in which we have had to comply with that .
The DMCA , the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , has a lot of bad stuff in it .
But one of the good things it does have in it is a standard procedure for companies to deal with , in terms of , " hey , this is our copyrighted content " or whatever the case may be , for filing that .
We take those out and we look at them and sometimes they 're valid , sometimes they 're not .
The more colorful have always been when it 's individuals involved in something -- he said this about me and I do n't like that .
Well , you know , that 's part of free speech .
And that actually , considering the hundreds of thousands of comments that have been posted , is something that happens surprisingly little .
I think that people go in , they know that they 're talking to other individuals and that kind of gives it that community flavor .
I think that as well , the moderation system that really is the heart of Slashdot , also deals with a lot of that stuff by putting stuff which is garbage at the level where it should be .
InformationWeek :
Do you get interest from lawyers with cases where technical expertise is required ?
Bates :
We 've had some involvement over the years .
It 's kind of been on a more ad hoc basis .
The one type of area that we have been more diligent in following is the EFF , The Electronic [ Frontier ] Foundation , [ and a project of theirs ] called Chilling Effects .
And what they 're doing is cataloging DMCA requests to try and show a real log of ... the chilling effect that the legislation has had .
So we have cooperated with those folks and I really strongly feel that they are doing good work with a capital " G. "
So we 've followed along in those areas .
In areas in which we 've had people come specifically to us on technical issues ... we have a section on Slashdot called " Ask Slashdot , " which is a way of soliciting a response from the editors , [ and ] also a response from the readers .
By and large , that proves amazingly effective because rather than just one person 's response , they 're able to take thousands of people 's responses and sift out the really good ones inside of there .
And there have just been some phenomenal cases of really , really top - level people being involved in discussions .
A good example would be that we recently beta tested switching Slashdot from HTML to CSS [ cascading style sheets ] .
And we posted a test and said , " Hey , everybody come bang on this , check this out . "
And one of the comments in there was 15 errors in our CSS , but the guy who posted the comments is one of the gurus of CSS .
He 's just posting as this everyday guy on Slashdot and just adding his commentary in there , and that 's the stuff that really , even after all this time , keeps me interested and excited in it ... is just seeing people like that and the knowledge that they have and the sharing of that .
It 's a really cool thing to see .
InformationWeek : Given the value in terms of traffic of a " slashdotting , " have online publishers or representatives of particular outlets approached anyone at Slashdot in the hope of getting " slashdotted " more often ?
Bates : Oh , absolutely .
That 's something that happens if not on a weekly basis , you know , a couple times a month or so .
Really , what I 've always said is the way that the submissions thing works on Slashdot , if you make a good submission , it will get posted .
We get so many submissions in there that I do n't even really look at who is submitting it in there .
So I 've always encouraged , you know , if they 're media outlets or whomever , look , write me a good submission and put it in there .
Odds are it will get posted .
...
The submission that has the most useful information is the one that 'll win .
InformationWeek : What makes a good Slashdot post ?
Bates :
It 's being able to state things well , actually being able to write and form coherent sentences , which is a surprising task for many people , far more challenging than one would think it is .
But also having good links ... not just having one link to the story but if there 's supporting information .
This is the World Wide Web .
Let 's use it for that .
...
The other major characteristic is trying to remove , or make obvious , bias .
...
Because what we 're trying to encourage is the discussion .
... I do n't want to host a flame war , I want to host a discussion .
InformationWeek :
What would you say that Slashdot gives back to the community ?
Bates :
For one group of people , seeing their name appear on the front page when they submit a story is something that 's really cool to them .
But I think for most people it's the sharing of the information .
It 's going in and knowing that someone like them may very well have been the one who submitted the story , of being able to talk with their peers about technology and ... culture .
The third thing I think is the speed of it .
Being [ able ] to go and get , in a very short amount of time , a fix on what 's happening , of what 's important in the field of tech .
InformationWeek :
Are there any features that you 're contemplating adding to Slashdot ?
Bates : Yes . ...
As I mentioned , we migrated over to CSS , and we 're actually in the process of hosting a contest for readers to send us a redesign of the site .
...
It 's time to update the site .
It 's been a very , very long time , and we want to have something that looks more " with the times , " perhaps .
But in terms of functionality , we 're going to be doing a lot of work in the journals in terms of how to really make it so those can be areas that are almost sub-Slashdots in and of themselves , that you can get people posting inside of there and get people discussing journal entries .
...
And also finding ways of taking some of the good content that appears in a journal and having that appear [ with ] main Slashdot stories .
...
Having ways to make that more readily apparent to the general readership and being able to find that , because I think that just improves the overall collaboration and creation of content that the user and readers do .
InformationWeek : According to Alexa.com , there was a large spike in Slashdot traffic at the beginning of August .
Did anything significant happen ?
Or was that just a reporting anomaly ?
Bates :
It 's a reporting anomaly insofar as that 's when Linux World occurred .
... I think it was Linux World and MacWorld , in fact .
When you get some major show events like that , with a lot of new announcements coming out , you can really see a lot of people coming , they 're flocking to discuss this stuff and really hash through it and talk about it together .
We see those throughout the year , as major new events happen .
We have people come because they want to talk about it .
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
Preliinary Nude sketch , by Preliinary Nude sketch , by Jennie
I had a random realization yesterday , I think I have been a victim of self censorship .
Look at my last two shows .
The first one was very edgy and out there , especially with some pieces .
A lot of people mentioned to me how uncomfortable it made them , how raw and emotive it was – that it was too ‘ in your face . ’
The next show , I sub - conciously toned it down .
I did n’t realize it at the time , but I edited nipples and posed my nudes or shaded so there was no genitalia showing .
I guess I wanted to ensure that this show was less dramatic and more joyful .
The technique was better , my compositions and pieces were much better technically but they lacked a certain edge .
They looked like my work but did n’t * feel * like my work if you know what I mean .
Well , now that i have realized that I am going to stop worrying how people are going to take my exhibitions and stick with the pieces , and the themes , that I want to create .
I have some works in planning at the moment that are very dramatic , I am excited about seeing them come to life .
I am also thoroughly enjoying sketching everything out , it ’s very freeing to get all of these down on paper .
Tags :
Art , artist , censorship , creating art , nudes
BAGHDAD , July 16 — A suicide bomber in the volatile northern city of Kirkuk on Monday crashed his truck into a compound that includes offices of a major Kurdish political party , killing 85 people .
Many victims were women and children , shopping in the busy market next to the political offices , who were engulfed by a large fireball .
Hours later , the Iraqi authorities said , men wearing Iraqi military uniforms stormed into a village in Diyala Province and killed 29 men , women and children .
An Iraqi security official , Col. Ragheb Radhi al - Umiri , said the gunmen surrounded the victims and fired into the crowd .
The attack occurred in a remote village north of Baquba , he said , and the bodies of some victims were “ desecrated ” before the attackers fled .
In response to questions , an American military spokesman in Baghdad said via e-mail that American forces had received a report from the Diyala Provincial Joint Coordination Center that men “ wearing Iraqi army uniforms attacked Adwala village , killing 29 civilians and wounding four civilians , ” and that the attackers rode in new Iraqi police trucks .
The coordination center serves as a clearinghouse for emergency response services in the province .
No other information was available about the attack .
If the Iraqi authorities ’ accounts are correct , they suggest that the attackers either were able to steal official Iraqi uniforms and vehicles or that they may have themselves been members of the security forces .
DABlog
a dump / archive of David A. Black 's original weblog
2006 - 2011
The articles are listed below , in chronological order .
The first few are undated .
I 'm not sure why &emdash ; maybe they 're in twice ?
Enjoy .
Training techniques and practices ( Undated )
Training 1 : Background and ramp - up ( Undated )
Training 2 : Handling mixed student levels ( Undated )
Training 3 : Hands - on , lectures , and demos ( Undated )
Training 4 : When things go wrong .... ( Undated )
Corrected link to The Compleat Rubyist ( Undated )
Training , part 1 : Dealing with uneven levels of preparation ( Undated )
Training : Introduction to a series of articles ( Undated )
" Advancing with Rails " gets off to a fine start !
( Undated )
Training , part 3 : Advice on lecturing and topic presentation ( Undated )
The night before ( Tue Jun 20 21:32:00 2006 )
Submit !!
( a proposal for a RubyConf talk , that is ) ( Thu Jun 22 07:18:00 2006 )
Modeling many - to - many : I guess I was right the first time .... ( Sun Jun 25 08:20:00 2006 )
The agony and the ectasy ( of RubyConf proposals , that is ) ( Sat Jul 1 09:16:00 2006 )
Why I am conservative about changes to Ruby ( Sat Jul 1 12:18:00 2006 )
10/10 review of Ruby for Rails on Slashdot ( Wed Jul 12 17:35:00 2006 )
The laptop stratum : thoughts from ( half of ) OSCON ( Thu Jul 27 10:25:00 2006 )
Regional Ruby Conference grants from Ruby Central ( Fri Jul 28 13:09:00 2006 )
Special offer for Ruby users groups , from Ruby Power and Light ( Sat Jul 29 12:25:00 2006 )
No more comments for the moment ( Thu Aug 10 20:07:14 2006 )
No , really : my book is Ruby for Rails !!
( Sat Aug 12 12:14:46 2006 )
Home from the Michigan Ruby Conference ( Sun Aug 27 15:23:00 2006 )
Free Rails workshop in Malmo , Sweden ! ( Mon Sep 11 10:29:00 2006 )
RailsConf Europe and beyond .... ( Mon Sep 18 05:08:00 2006 )
Dinner for three ( Sun Sep 24 12:03:33 2006 )
Have fun ( without me ) at RubyConf !
( Wed Sep 27 15:55:02 2006 )
[ Postponed ] One - day Rails intro workshop in Toronto , December 15 ( Sun Nov 19 16:34:22 2006 )
More A than R : reconsidering the " new " AR object ( Sat Dec 23 08:57:00 2006 )
Enough already with freaking out over people 's sex ( Wed Jan 3 19:30:58 2007 )
Will trade Ruby / Rails tutoring for website design work !
( Wed Jan 3 20:35:39 2007 )
Meta , shmeta : learning Ruby horizontally ( Sun Jan 7 10:20:49 2007 )
Emerging Tech conference coming up ( Wed Feb 7 10:26:37 2007 )
The Magic Pens of Ruby ( Sun Feb 18 14:01:00 2007 )
Sudoku solutions : who cares ?
( Sun Feb 25 23:47:00 2007 )
DABlog now using Mephisto ( Sun Feb 25 23:52:00 2007 )
Rails training by Ruby Power and Light ! ( Tue Mar 27 14:43:00 2007 )
The L in DSL : langue ou langage ?
( Tue Apr 17 18:19:00 2007 )
Tough love from Verizon ( Mon May 14 12:57:00 2007 )
Boston Early Music Festival wrapup ( Sat Jun 16 23:44:00 2007 )
The Stupidity Tax ( Wed Jul 4 12:47:00 2007 )
Bang methods ; or , Danger , Will Rubyist !
( Wed Aug 15 11:35:00 2007 )
Reflections on Wikipedia ( Tue Sep 4 12:53:00 2007 )
Upcoming Rails training in New Jersey ! ( Fri Sep 14 07:00:00 2007 )
" Advancing with Rails " training in Berlin , Nov. 19 - 22 ( Fri Oct 19 12:13:00 2007 )
Upcoming Rails training , 2008 !
( Sat Mar 22 19:17:00 2008 )
Splitting hairs over " resource " : the case for the affirmative ( Part 1 ) ( Sun Mar 23 00:49:00 2008 )
A short - circuit ( ||= ) edge case ( Tue Mar 25 15:11:00 2008 )
Short - circuit ( ||= ) post -- CORRECTION ( Wed Mar 26 13:46:00 2008 )
Getting out of Ruby 's way : code beauty and / or greatness ( Fri Mar 28 09:40:00 2008 )
Splitting hairs over " resource " : the case for the affirmative ( Part 2 ) ( Thu Apr 24 11:55:00 2008 )
Death of a racehorse ( Sun May 4 13:59:00 2008 )
Slide words ( if that 's really what they 're called ) ( Sat Jun 7 15:22:00 2008 )
July 6 - 12 is " Link To Something Other Than Wikipedia " Week !
( Sat Jul 5 01:27:00 2008 )
Co-Training with Erik Kastner ( Sun Jul 20 12:31:00 2008 )
Pseudo - persuasion in online discourse ( Wed Aug 6 11:57:00 2008 )
Back from RailsConf Europe 2008 ( Sat Sep 6 08:07:00 2008 )
Tracks a - go - go at RubyConf 2008 !
( Sat Sep 13 10:00:00 2008 )
Why I am suspicious of the bailout bill ( Fri Oct 3 21:14:00 2008 )
RESTful Rails for the restless ( Mon Nov 24 12:18:00 2008 )
Probative Programming : the physical unification of code and tests ( Sun Nov 30 13:05:00 2008 )
On the menu this season : Muslims and gays ( Sun Dec 21 15:59:00 2008 )
Cool wishlist management at WishSight !
( Mon Dec 29 15:13:00 2008 )
10 things to be aware of in moving to Ruby 1.9 ( Wed Jan 14 19:21:00 2009 )
Son of 10 things to be aware of in Ruby 1.9 ! ( Fri Jan 16 14:20:00 2009 )
RailsConf registration ( and a hiatus year for RailsConf Europe ) ( Fri Jan 23 22:31:00 2009 )
Why athletes thanking God for victories is stupid ( Tue Feb 3 01:38:00 2009 )
Ruby training in Atlanta , April 1 - 3 ! ( Mon Feb 16 14:50:00 2009 )
Did I mention Ruby training in Atlanta , April 1 - 3 ? ( Sat Mar 14 14:21:00 2009 )
Is this an early use of the slang " cool " ?
( Sat Mar 21 01:22:00 2009 )
Envycasts featuring David A. Black : Ruby 1.9 : What You Need To Know ( Tue Apr 21 23:10:00 2009 )
" The Well - Grounded Rubyist " now available in PDF !
( Tue Apr 21 23:15:00 2009 )
My new Ruby book is out !
( Wed Jun 10 23:57:00 2009 )
The wise Latina comment in historical perspective ( Thu Jul 16 22:05:00 2009 )
Ruby training : for the non-beginner ?
( Tue Jul 21 21:11:00 2009 )
The Compleat Rubyist : what 's it all about ?
( Sat Oct 17 14:57:00 2009 )
Starting a new job in December ( Fri Nov 13 13:23:00 2009 )
AccrediDation ( Wed Mar 24 01:07:00 2010 )
Training : a series introduction ( Mon Jan 24 22:52:00 2011 )
Training , part 2 : Handling mixed levels of student experience in a class ( Thu Jan 27 12:51:00 2011 )
Training , part 3 : The lecturing component of presentation ( Fri Feb 4 10:34:00 2011 )
Training , part 4 : Live code demos ( Sat Feb 26 13:13:00 2011 )
Training techniques and practices
Undated
This is the first in a four - part series of DABlog entries on the subject of training in Ruby and Rails .
Who ’s it for ?
If you are :
interested in teaching / training as a subject unto itself ;
active , or thinking of being active , as a Ruby / Rails instructor ;
curious what the stuff going through the head of someone who ’s in this field might be ;
an incurable weblog junkie ;
these articles might be of interest to you .
In writing them , I ’m envisioning a reader who ’s a trainer .
But that ’s not a requirement , as long as you do n’t mind my referring to “ you ” as if “ you ” were a trainer .
The four parts will be :
1 ) Teaching and / or training : some introductory notes and ideas 2 ) Accomodating different backgrounds and levels in the classroom 3 ) Hands - on vs. lecture : a delicate balance 4 ) When things go wrong ; or , how to sharpen your wits and thicken your skin
I do n’t have sections for comments , but I ’d be glad to hear from you directly if you have any comments or questions .
Happy reading !
Back to top
Training 1 : Background and ramp - up
Undated
For thirteen years , I made my living as a teacher .
I was a member of the Department of Communication at Seton Hall University from 1992 to 2005 .
In the Fall of 2005 , I was starting a year - long sabbatical .
I took a long , hard look at where I was at in life , and I decided that instead of taking my sabbatical , I would resign and go full - time into Ruby and Rails consulting and training .
At the time , I was writing Ruby for Rails , so the first several months were more about writing than consulting and training .
But then the book got done , and the other stuff started up in earnest .
By February of 2006 I was traveling on Ruby and Rails business ; and by the end of the year I had visited something like twenty - three cities in North America and Europe , almost all for Ruby / Rails purposes of one kind or another .
I ’m in the wonderful position of having turned a hobby — albeit an already passionate , semi-professional one — into a career .
But I ’ve also turned a career into a career .
A lot of what I do nowadays is training ; which is to say , teaching .
So there ’s continuity with my previous career , as well as change .
I ’m enjoying the training side of my career because , on the one hand , I ’m completely at home in any classroom situation and , on the other hand , it ’s really quite different from undergraduate teaching .
For one thing , I do n’t have to give grades .
As my mother , a professor and former Ivy League Law School Dean , has put it , “ Grading is the part they pay us for . ” I do n’t miss it .
Training engagements are also shorter term than college courses .
They ’re intense , but they typically last five days or less .
The intensity is challenging , but I like it .
Having fed the history of broadcasting to communication students forty - five minutes at a time , three times a week for thirteen years , I rather like being able to spend entire days on a topic .
Another difference between college teaching and professional training is that in the latter situation you ’re not responsible for discipline or character development .
I was a rather in - your - face college teacher .
I would say things to students — and it was n’t an act ; I meant every syllable of it — like , “ When you cheat on an exam , you ’re sending me the message that what I have chosen to do with my life is a waste of time ! ”
I was deeply invested in the process .
I still would be , if I were teaching college .
And I still am … but not in that way .
I ’m passionate about the subject matter and the process of putting it across .
But I ’m not called upon ( indeed , not invited ) to participate in the moral and ethical blossoming of my students .
It ’s a relief not to be .
To each his own ; I think thirteen years of teaching in that milieu was enough for me ( at least for the next thirteen years ) .
Right now I ’m very happy just being in a room with a bunch of adults who are generally motivated and attentive , and whom I do not have to reprimand when they ’re not .
Now and then I used to get a college student who would tell me that they should have a better grade because they paid for the course .
( No , really ; I did have at least one who said that outright , and many who strongly implied it . )
My stock response was : you do n’t pay a doctor to tell you you ’re well , but to tell you whether you ’re well .
In the professional training world , there ’s a little more substance to the “ The client is always right ” axiom .
It ’s a different situation ; each course exists in the first place because a client arranged for it .
But I see this as part of the scenery , not a big stumbling block in practice .
By the time the course is delivered , there ’s a very good chance that it ’s what the client wants .
In theory , if a client told me in mid-stream that everything had to be changed drastically , I ’d have to take the request quite seriously .
But it has n’t happened yet .
( I ’m probably jinxing myself , but so be it . )
But enough about me .
You get the picture : I ’m a career teacher who ’s shifted careers , and I ’m also , for better or worse , someone who thinks a lot about the nature of the process of teaching .
In the upcoming articles in this series , I ’ll be talking about specific aspects of training .
The focus is on Ruby and Rails training .
Some of my comments will , however , be general — because teaching , when you get right down to it , is teaching .
Back to top
Training 2 : Handling mixed student levels
Undated
Let ’s dive into the deep end .
Without any doubt , the hardest thing about the kind of training I do - hardest for the trainer , that is - is accomodating people who come to the class at different skill levels and from different backgrounds .
This problem is not specific to professional training .
As I said at the end of Part 1 , teaching is teaching .
And unless the teaching is one - on - one , you ’re going to be dealing with people who differ at least somewhat in what they bring to the table .
It ’s also not specific to Ruby and / or Rails .
But Rails does tend to attract people from different backgrounds : the coders , the designers , the database people , the managers .
Sometimes it ’s because everyone wants to know what this new thing is that the company has decided to use .
It ’s also because Rails cuts a wide path across many layers - MVC , to start with - and at least parts of it are of interest to people who do very different things .
That still leaves you , as a trainer , with a potential grab - bag of students , and the need to teach a cogent course .
The problem is often very acute .
I ’ve taught beginning Rails courses where one or two people out of perhaps five or ten already had Rails applications in production .
I ’ve had people raise their hands while I ’m explaining how to assign a value to a variable in Ruby and ask me a question about reimplementing Capistrano .
( Well , that ’s a slight exaggeration , but only slight . )
I ’ve had classes with people in them who had never used a command line , and other people who could pinpoint topics in Rails books by chapter .
It ’s not just that some people have read a couple of blog posts and the others have n’t .
I ’m talking about very different backgrounds .
In these situations , you open your mouth to speak , and you realize that there is literally nothing , except perhaps , “ It ’s raining , ” that you can say that can possibly address the needs of everyone in the room .
So you have to make choices .
But it ’s not all at the moment of opening your mouth .
There are lots of things you can do .
1. Before the course
A. Make requirements clear
When you ’re describing the course , and discussing the skill level required , you need to use tough love and be clear and firm about the requirements .
It ’s in everyone ’s interest .
For a Rails course it ’s important to be clear about the role of Ruby .
You can teach Rails to people who know Ruby , or people who do n’t- either is OK - but mixing the two is problematic .
And for some reason it seems that people are more likely to assume that prior Ruby knowledge is not a factor in a Rails class than they would be to assume that , say , Java knowledge is not a factor in a Struts class .
So it ’s good to be specific .
B . Try to control the teacher / student ratio
To the extent that you can , keep the teacher / student ratio at 1/15 or higher .
Beyond fifteen , in my experience , one starts to hit a critical mass where the amount of help needed expands beyond the confines of the available time .
This is ancient wisdom , of course ; universities like to brag about their tiny class sizes and all of that .
And with training classes ( as with universities , incidentally ) , you ca n’t always control it .
But if you ’re presented with , say , the prospect of providing hands - on , closely coached Rails training for twenty - five or thirty people , see if you can find another instructor — or at least a lab assistant who can troubleshoot installation and other matters so that you ’re not doing everything .
2 . Have extra material in reserve ; encourage extra projects .
When I perceive a major level gap in a class , and sometimes even when I do n’t , I encourage students to come up with a Rails project of their own , above and beyond the ones in my workbook , so that they have something to do if they get through the exercises quickly .
But it ’s by no means just a way to pass the time .
Working on a new project from scratch is a logical and beneficial next step for students who have worked through examples .
Ideally , everyone would do it in every course .
Things do n’t tend to work out that way , time - wise ; but it ’s all to the good if some students do at least get a start on a project of their own .
( And it does help them pass the time ! )
3 . Enlist the help of the more advanced students .
I ’m thinking of situations where , say , someone is clearly over - qualified for the exercises in the workbook , and someone else is struggling .
It ’s possible that the best course of action is for the over - qualified student to pair up with the struggling one and help them out .
This is a tricky strategy , though .
It ’s your job , not theirs , to do the teaching .
The situation has to be really right before you ask students to teach each other .
But it often is really right .
For one thing , teaching something really does help you learn it — so everybody wins .
And some people would rather spend the time engaged in an activity with someone else than go off and work on what might be , in fact , just another Rails application out of many that they ’ve written .
As the teacher , though , you have to make sure that the result is at least as great as the sum of its parts .
You do n’t want it to backfire and have both students think you ’re trying to brush them aside .
4 . Get good at not answering advanced questions .
One of the toughest things is when an advanced student asks questions that are over the heads of everyone else in the class .
You do n’t want to tell the person that they ca n’t ask questions , but you do n’t want to alienate the rest of the class or make them anxious that the material is zooming by faster than they can grab hold of it .
There ’s no hard and fast rule , but I tend to come down on the side of answering these questions very quickly .
It ’s always possible for the advanced person to ask you later ; but you only have one shot at making the dynamics of the classroom work for everyone .
I ’ll often just tell the student that I do n’t want to go into it in depth right now , but here ’s a bit of info and let ’s talk about it later .
5 . Focus on stuff they probably do n't really know , like Ruby .
I have a natural inclination to think that everyone else knows more than I do .
Call it modesty , inferiority complex — whatever .
Ironically , it sometimes makes me come across as sort of a knowledge snob ; I ’ll make references in conversation to things that I know about that other people do n’t , because I assume that if I know about it , so does everyone else .
This quirk is relevant here because in order to become a teacher , I had to overcome it .
I had to discover for myself that talking to someone who knows less than you do does n’t mean you ’re talking down to them .
If you ’re in a room full of undergraduates who have never heard of Jack Benny , then it ’s appropriate and teacherly to explain Jack Benny to them .
You ’re not insulting their intelligence ; you ’re helping them .
When I ask people in a Rails class how much Ruby they know , it ’s no problem getting them to answer accurately .
The challenge for me is to act on the fact that I almost certainly know more than they do .
And that ’s as it should be — and I love explaining the language to them .
I ca n’t help thinking of one of my favorite undergraduate students ever , a wrestling champ ( now a New Jersey State Trooper ) who undertook to teach me how to use some of the weight machines at the gym .
When he first suggested doing this ( after listening to me grumbling about how little exercise I did ) , I demurred ; I did n’t want to impose on him , did n’t want him to waste time , and so on .
His response , which I can still hear in my head , was :
“ I ’ve got knowledge .
What am I gonna do , keep it to myself ? ”
6 . Make it easy to move around the materials ( e.g. , staged code ) .
For the main do - as - you - go application in my workbook , I ’ve got about 25 code stages .
Each one represents the state of the application at a particular point in the book .
If a student falls a bit behind , or wants to skip a section they already know about , they can move to a later chapter or section and swap the most recent code stage into their working code directory .
For that matter , if I want to skip over something , I can pick up from a particular code stage and keep going .
I do n’t normally do this , but sometimes I ’ll compress something that was an exercise into a short demo ( for time reasons ) , and having code stages enables me to do get us back on track , and in sync with the application code , easily .
7 . Make a virtue of necessity ; people might realize that they 're not going to grasp everything .
Let , e.g. , database people dwell on that stuff -- or on the stuff they do n't know , or whatever .
Back to top
Training 3 : Hands - on , lectures , and demos
Undated
In general , students like the training to consist largely of hands - on exercises .
I like it too ; you ca n’t really learn something like Rails by hearing someone talk about it , any more than you can learn the cello by hearing someone describe how to play it .
At the same time , it does n’t pay to get too obsessed with trimming the time you spend demonstrating and explaining things .
Lecturing for a while does n’t mean you ’ve disserved the students — as long as your lecture segments are good .
Do n’t say too much at once
When you ’re dealing with a system , it ’s hard to know where to stop .
The controller instantiates an ActiveRecord object , which it tries to save , which it may or may succeed in doing because of validations … and if it does , then it gives it to the view , which uses special templating language to embed it , and that looks like this ….
The art of not explaining things , at least until it ’s really time to explain them , is as important as the art of explaining things .
You may have to bite your tongue ; it ’s not easy , for example , to show people :
def update user = User.find ( params [ :id ] ) user.update_attributes( params [ :user ] ) redirect_to user_url ( user ) end
with no validation tests , if you ’re used to doing a more full - blown version of updating .
You feel like you ’re concealing something , or even lying .
But take page from the book of Don Knuth .
He warns you up front that he ’s going to lie to you .
The lying is in the service of the learning .
There ’s no point giving students a thick , complete account of what ’s going on .
It does n’t work ; they wo n’t learn anything .
Moreover …
My cello teacher used to characterize the relation between consecutive phrases with the word moreover .
For example , the second Suite of Bach begins with three notes , rising :
Then comes the “ moreover ” part , leading even higher :
And if that did n’t convince you :
One thing builds on another .
You cannot find too many opportunities to bring out this kind of structure , whether in music or teaching or any other art .
Do n’t just stockpile tips and tricks .
Look for the joins , the connective tissue that lets you build one thing on top of another :
Ruby has attributes .
ActiveRecord objects have attributes too .
pause
And they work like all Ruby attributes , except ...
... they come from the database column names , instead of names you invent !
Do live code demos
I ’ve never been a slide person .
I have a hard time creating good slides , and I find most slides in other people ’s talks unhelpful .
The nadir of slide usefulness must have been the years when my college students had discovered PowerPoint .
If I ’d kept teaching , I probably would n’t have prohibited it .
Most of the time , what they did was to cut - and - paste material from the Internet , put it on the screen , and read it out loud to the class .
( The cut - and - paste practices are another , fairly disturbing story unto themselves . )
I never use slides in professional training .
I do n’t even really know whether other people do or not .
I do n’t .
But I do use the projector , mostly for live code demos .
Live code demos always involve a bit of risk .
I ’d venture to say that ’s part of why they ’re absorbing .
Not that people are rooting for the code not to work — but a little danger adds spice .
Irb is a great tool for live code demos , both in its default form and in its capacity as the Rails application console .
Do semi-live code demos
There are certain things I do n’t like doing from scratch live .
Deployment with Capistrano is one of them .
It never seems to go right all the way along .
I ’ll take the fall for this — I have no reason to assign blame to Capistrano — but I have to live with the fact that live Capistrano demos are , for me , too risky .
So I have a “ canned ” demo .
It ’s actually live , but I prepare a lot in advance ( it ’s the permission settings and passwords that always get me with Capistrano ) .
And I have a list of steps that I consult while I ’m doing the demo .
Nor do I hide the list from the class ; there ’s no detrimental effect to their seeing it , and if they think my use of a script like this means that I ’m inadequately skilled , then at least now they know !
The cooking show approach
On TV cooking shows , you often see the chef mixing the ingredients , but then there ’s a kind of fast - forward to the finished product , especially with baking .
The idea is that you do n’t really want to wait in real time for the baking to happen , and even if the show is n’t broadcast live it ’s probably being taped with a live audience , and they do n’t want to wait either .
The cooking show approach can be very handy for in - class demos .
It ’s particularly suited to cases where you want to demonstrate how to do something relatively small , and then want to show how it fits into a finished application .
Rather than have the students sit through the writing of the whole application , you can write the bit you ’re talking about — a data validation directive in a model file , perhaps — and then run the whole application and show that it fails when the data is invalid .
Training is n’t as linear as baking , though .
As a session progresses , you ’ll keep going back to the “ ingredients ” level , and then back to the “ cake ” level .
So you ca n’t always apply cooking show logic literally .
Still , it ’s a helpful way to think about the pace of training , and also a reminder that while you ’ll be teaching details , you do n’t want to get bogged down in irrelevant details .
It ’s better to jump from a small example to a big application , than to try to fit everything in before you grant a glimpse of a finished product .
Back to top
Training 4 : When things go wrong ....
Undated
Back to top
Corrected link to The Compleat Rubyist
Undated
Like the space cadet I am , I mistyped a link ( twice ) in my last blog post .
Thanks to Jim James for pointing out the error .
The correct link is … ( drumroll ) ...
The Compleat Rubyist .
And the article , with the link now corrected , is here .
Hoping to see many of you at The Compleat Rubyist in January !
Back to top
Training , part 1 : Dealing with uneven levels of preparation
Undated
For me , the most challenging thing about training is accomodating people who come to a class from different backgrounds and at sometimes vastly different levels of knowledge .
I remember a Rails class whose members included a participant in that year ’s “ Rails Day ” contest ( i.e. , a very experienced Rails developer ) , side - by - side with someone who had literally never written a computer program and never seen a command line .
The latter person was a front - end designer , and I have every reason to think she was skilled and successful .
But she did not belong in that class .
Given a room with that kind of diverse population , what you can say ?
I mean , literally , what can you say ?
What sentence can you formulate that makes sense to everyone in the room , and holds everyone ’s attention ?
It always comes down to the same dilemma : anything you say is either going to confuse the people who are less advanced , or bore the more advanced ones .
So what should you do ?
How can you minimize the difficulties going in , and handle them ( whether minimal or not ) once you ’re there ?
Here are some ideas .
Make the requirements clear in advance
When you ’re describing the course to the client , and discussing the skill level required , show some tough love : be clear and firm about the prerequisites .
It ’s in everyone ’s interest .
Do n’t try to be all things to all people .
Use terms like “ not suitable ” or “ too advanced ” when discussing who from their team you think should not be in the course .
Use them politely , but use them .
Prerequisites do n’t have to be fine - grained , but they do have to be clear .
“ Everyone in the course should already be experienced with at least one object - oriented programming language ” is an example of a reasonable pre-requisite .
So is “ The participants need to be at least somewhat comfortable in a Unix - like environment . ”
You do n’t need to know whether they know all the command line options for xargs .
You just need to establish the basic requirements .
If you ’re teaching Rails , address the role of Ruby .
You can teach Rails to people who know Ruby , or people who do n’t — either is OK — but mixing Rubyists with non-Rubyists is problematic .
It ’s possible that potential participants wo n’t realize that Ruby knowledge is a factor , so it ’s good to be clear .
As it is with the Ruby / Rails relationship , so it is with any case where you ’ve got one technology built on another .
Make sure you ’re clear about the expected starting - point .
As it is with the Ruby / Rails relationship , so it is with any case where you ’ve got one technology built on another .
Make sure you ’re clear about the expected starting - point .
Stick with what got you there !
The starting point and frame of reference always has to be the curriculum you ’ve promised to deliver .
You ca n’t zoom ahead just because the material is familiar to someone who ’s already done it , and you ca n’t spend more than a small amount of time on remedial instruction for those who are n’t prepared .
If the whole class is at the same level , and the level they ’re at is n’t the level you were expecting , then of course you can make a big , overall adjustment .
I remember doing that with a programming team who had much more experience than I ’d expected .
They were too polite to come out and say that they were too advanced for the curriculum , but it was n’t hard to figure out .
( When you set a challenge like implementing attr_accessor , and they all do it correctly in about two minutes , that ’s a clue . )
So we changed gears and spent the remaining days on more advanced topics and code critique .
But given the true mixed - level situation , you have to be guided primarily by what you have promised to deliver .
But given the true mixed - level situation , you have to be guided primarily by what you have promised to deliver .
Try to control the teacher / student ratio
To the extent that you can , keep the teacher / student ratio at 1/15 or better .
Beyond about fifteen ( more or less , depending on the subject matter and pace ) , you hit critical mass : the amount of help needed by the students expands beyond the confines of the available time for one instructor , so you fall further and further behind .
This is ancient wisdom , of course .
Universities like to brag about their tiny class sizes and all of that .
And with training classes ( as with universities , incidentally ) , you ca n’t always control it .
But if you ’re presented with , say , the prospect of providing hands - on , closely coached Rails training for twenty - five or thirty people , see if you can find another instructor — or at least a lab assistant who can troubleshoot installation and other matters so that you ’re not doing everything .
Have extra material in reserve
Try to have some ideas for extra projects up your sleeve , above and beyond any in your stated curriculum , particularly for students who are too advanced for the course .
Bring a few books with you , and if someone is n’t feeling challenged enough , point them to a chapter that you think they can learn from .
They wo n’t feel shunned ; they ’ll feel relieved .
( Besides , the whole premise here is that the too - advanced person should n’t be there in the first place , so anything you do to help them not be bored is in their interest . )
In the same vein , put up a webpage somewhere with some links for further study — and when you choose those links , try to choose ones likely to interest people who are somewhat too advanced for your curriculum .
Enlist the help of the more advanced students
I ’m thinking of situations where , say , one student is clearly over - qualified for the exercises in the workbook , and another student is struggling .
It ’s possible that the best course of action is for the over - qualified student to pair up with the struggling one and help them out .
This is a tricky strategy , though .
It ’s your job , not theirs , to do the teaching .
The situation has to be really right before you ask students to teach each other .
But it often is really right .
For one thing , teaching something helps you consolidate your own knowledge — so everybody wins , including the student - teacher .
And some people would rather spend the time engaged in an activity with someone else than go off and work on an application or read a book .
As the teacher , though , you have to make sure that the result is at least as great as the sum of its parts .
You do n’t want it to backfire and have both students think you ’re trying to brush them aside .
Be circumspect about this option , but keep it in mind for the right situation .
Asteacher , though , you have to make sure that the result is at least as great as the sum of its parts .
You do n’t want it to backfire and have both students think you ’re trying to brush them aside .
Be circumspect about this option , but keep it in mind for the right situation .
Master the art of not answering questions
Of course I intend that header as an attention - grabber .
In general you want to answer questions .
But what about questions from either the too - advanced or the inadequately - prepared students ?
When I get a too - advanced question , I usually answer it quickly and , if need be , incompletely .
I do n’t want to digress too far from the curriculum — and , above all , I do n’t want to make the less advanced students feel anxious because they can’t follow what I ’m saying .
You can always ask the advanced student to talk to you about their question later ; but you only have one shot at making the dynamics of the classroom work for everyone .
So answer the question quickly ; offer to go into it privately later ; do n’t get into a lot of examples and demos based on the question ( that can really make the other students feel abandoned ) ; and move on .
Questions that reflect inadequate preparation are harder to deal with .
In fact , it may be through such questions that you find out about the preparation - level problems in the first place .
This may be a good time to consider a temporary ad hoc “ buddy system , ” where someone else in the class helps the person , assuming it ’s something that can be communicated relatively quickly ( like how to start Ruby from the commandline , creating a MySQL database from scratch , etc. ) .
Questions that reflect inadequate preparation are harder to deal with .
In fact , it may be through such questions that you find out about the preparation - level problems in the first place .
This may be a good time to consider a temporary ad hoc “ buddy system , ” where someone else in the class helps the person , assuming it ’s something that can be communicated relatively quickly ( like how to start Ruby from the commandline , creating a MySQL database from scratch , etc. ) .
Make it easy to move around the materials ( e.g. , staged code )
For the main do - as - you - go application in my workbook , I ’ve got about twelve code snapshots .
Each one represents the state of the application at a particular point in the book .
If a student falls a bit behind , or wants to skip a section they already know about , they can move to a later chapter or section and swap the most recent code stage into their working code directory .
For that matter , if I want to skip over something ( if time is shorter than I ’d planned ) , I can pick up from a particular code stage and keep going .
I do n’t normally do this , but sometimes I ’ll compress something that was an exercise into a short demo ( for time reasons ) , and having code stages enables me to do get us back on track , and in sync with the application code , easily .
Talk to the person in charge
You ’ll probably have a discussion at the end of each day with the manager who set up the training .
You should absolutely bring preparation - level issues to that person ’s attention .
Ninety - nine percent of the time , they ’ll say , “ Yeah , I was afraid of that .
I just did n’t want to leave those people out ” , or words to that effect .
The manager knows the team .
None of this is going to be a huge surprise .
Be sympathetic , though .
They did n’t do this to make your life hard .
At worst , they just did n’t think it through in terms of preparation and were eager to get the most value out of your skills .
Everyone ’s acting in good faith .
Sometimes , the manager will take someone out of the training after the first day .
I always feel a pang of guilt at this — but I should n’t , and you should n’t .
It ’s a correction that will make things easier and more productive for everyone , including the person who should n’t have been in the training in the first place .
Sometimes , the manager will take someone out of the training after the first day .
I always feel a pang of guilt at this — but I should n’t , and you should n’t .
It ’s a correction that will make things easier and more productive for everyone , including the person who should n’t have been in the training in the first place .
Summary
Handling the mixed - level classroom successfully is not easy .
You need to stay alert and to keep applying energy to the situation to make it as good as it can be for everyone , while delivering what you promised to deliver .
A mixed - level group requires agility and adaptability , but with structure .
Some of the training companies I subcontract with do Likert scale evaluations ( “ Strongly agree , Agree , Neutral … ” — that kind of question ) .
One of the questions is often about the pace of the class .
In a mixed - level class , I do n’t expect everyone to say the pace was perfect .
I aim , though , for the best result possible .
I want the curve to peak at “ Perfect ” .
I want to look at it and conclude that if it were displaced to the right or the left , it would n’t be as good a result .
Then I know I ’ve done my best .
Back to top
Training : Introduction to a series of articles
Undated
What follows this Introduction is the first in a series of instrutional articles about training : specifically , technical training and , even more specifically , training computer programmers .
I ’ve been making most of my living as a Ruby and Ruby on Rails trainer for four years .
Before that , I spent thirteen years on the faculty of the Department of Communication at Seton Hall University , teaching media history and research to undergraduates .
So teaching , in one form or another , has been much of my life story in recent decades .
In 2005 I changed careers : I left the academic world and started to earn my living as a Ruby consultant , author , and trainer .
I ’d been programming computers since 1972 ( with some gaps , but pretty steadily since 1990 ) , and I ’d become a Ruby and Ruby on Rails expert .
I had a book contract ( Ruby for Rails ) .
By 2005 , computer stuff was exerting a much greater pull on my attention and passion , by then , than my academic work was .
I had a sabbatical leave coming up , and little enthusiasm for doing the kind of research that the university would have expected of me .
So I resigned at the beginning of my leave , in Fall 2005 , and moved on .
I figured I ’d finish Ruby for Rails and then get a programming job .
I did finish the book , but I never got that job .
Instead , I set up a one - man consultancy , Ruby Power and Light , and started taking on short - term contracts — and a lot of training jobs .
I trained and trained .
In 2006 , I traveled to something like twenty - three cities , from California to Sweden , training people in Ruby and Rails .
And it ’s continued from there .
It ’s been an extraordinary four years , and I hope it keeps up .
In this series , I ’ll be focusing on the professional / technical training side of things .
Even if you ’re not a Ruby / Rails trainer , you ’ll find points of interest .
All of the anecdotes and examples I adduce , however Ruby - specific , carry some kind of general message about the teaching process .
As you ’ll learn if you read this series , I ’m the kind of teacher who not only teaches but also thinks deeply and widely about the process of teaching , and who likes to share insights .
And I do n’t draw any kind of sharp line between “ teaching ” and “ training . ”
It ’s all teaching .
Back to top
" Advancing with Rails " gets off to a fine start !
Undated
I ’ve now taught my new course “ Advancing with Rails ” twice , once in New Jersey and once in Berlin , Germany .
It ’s gone very well ; I think it hits a sweet spot .
The target audience are people who ’ve done a good amount of Rails — written apps , read books , quite possibly have things in production — and who have one or more of the following goals :
learn advanced Rails techniques , and how to orchestrate them in an application ;
get deeper into Ruby ( my motto is :
There ’s no such thing as an advanced Rails developer who is not also an advanced Ruby programmer )
learn how to advance with Rails .
That last one is subtle , but important .
It ’s one of the reasons I do n’t call the course “ Advanced Rails ” .
Part of the goal is to learn how to adapt to the fact that Rails is in development , growing , a moving target — however you want to put it .
It ’s not like learning , say , advanced TeX , where you can come up with an unchanging list of “ advanced ” topics and learn them .
Both Rails and Ruby are growing , living things .
That ’s part of the fun , and part of the challenge .
Advancing with Rails has a definite curriculum , and a definite agenda .
At the same time , I like to keep it a bit fluid .
Rails courses attract people with very different backgrounds and different starting - points — and if that ’s true even for beginner courses ( which it is ) , it ’s all the more true for intermediate and advanced ones .
Everyone has different questions ; everyone has differently developed “ Rails muscles ” .
As I ’ve said at the beginning of both “ Advancing ” classes :
At some point during the course , you ’ll hear something that you already knew — but you ’ll also hear a lot that you did n’t know , and you ’ll get to work with an interesting group of like - minded developers with a lot in common as well as complementary backgrounds .
It certainly keeps it fun for me !
If you ’re interested , look on http://www.rubypal.com for upcoming dates ( or contact me about on - site training ) .
Back to top
Training , part 3 : Advice on lecturing and topic presentation
Undated
Back to top
The night before
Tue Jun 20 21:32:00 2006
Tomorrow morning I ’m off to Chicago for RailsConf , and from Chicago on to Toronto to do some Rails training .
So it seemed like a great evening to inaugurate DABlog .
I ’ve never been a fan of the term “ blog ” , so I ’m doing an end run around it by naming this log after myself .
Anyone who wants to think of it as “ Da Blog ” may do so , and I get to think of it as the log of David A. Black .
So everyone is happy .
Ruby rules in my life , these days .
I ’m having a great time : training , programming , consulting , and enjoying the first months in the life of my new book , Ruby for Rails : Ruby techniques for Rails developers .
And I ’m as involved as ever ( and then some ) with Ruby Central , Inc. , the non-profit Ruby support organization that produces RubyConf and RailsConf , and of which I am a founder and director .
It ’s a great feeling to have such a full plate and to have it all be connected with something I love so much .
The Ruby / Rails convergence in Chicago this week promises to be great ( other than the fact that the hotel does n’t have a reservation for me , but whatever ) .
Look for many reports , all over the place , as the event progresses !
Back to top
Submit !!
( a proposal for a RubyConf talk , that is )
Thu Jun 22 07:18:00 2006
We ( that ’s “ we ” as in Ruby Central ) have opened up the presentation proposal process for RubyConf 2006 .
Now we need proposals !
You do n’t need to be a Ruby core developer , author , guru , whatever … .
We welcome proposals from anyone and everyone who has about 45 - 50 minutes worth of ideas , code , plans , experiences — anything Ruby - related .
And part of that 45 - 50 minutes can ( and even should ) be questions and discussion .
So please propose a talk , or contact me if you have questions .
The deadline is June 30 , 2006 .
( That may get flexed a little , but not much . )
Back to top
Modeling many - to - many : I guess I was right the first time ....
Sun Jun 25 08:20:00 2006
Last night , David Heinemeier Hansson delivered the final keynote address at RailsConf 2006 .
He talked about the mapping of HTTP methods ( get/ post / put / delete ) to CRUD operations , and gave us a guided tour of some of the facilities awaiting us in near - future Railses for layering the various CRUD - esque suites of names and actions on top of each other .
I wo n’t try to encapsulate the whole talk , which I ’m sure will be made available ( and I ’ll make up for my laziness later by trying to find it … ) .
One thing of particular interest that David talked about was the modeling of many - to - many associations ; that is , representing the associations themselves as models , rather than just as two - key records .
This is familiar to users of recent Rails releases in the form of things like :
class Section < ActiveRecord :: Base has_many : enrollments has_many : students , : through => " enrollments "
where you ’ve also got :
class Enrollment < ActiveRecord ;: Base belongs_to : student belongs_to : section
and Enrollment may have all sorts of attributes of its own , beyond the two foreign keys .
David ’s chief point about this was that having an actual model for the convergence of two other models makes it much easier not to overload the two original models with namespace functionality and asymmetrical , lop - sided operations .
So if you have an Enrollment entity , you do n’t have to do things like :
class StudentController < ApplicationController def enroll_in
or
class SectionController < ApplicationController def enroll_student
Instead , you have :
class EnrollmentController < ApplicationController def create
In other words , you fall back on vanilla CRUD .
In fact , the way David presented it was almost the other way around : by sticking to the tenet that ( almost ) everything you want to do can be represented by CRUD operations , and experimenting with keeping that principle as an invariant , you ’re forced to come up with new ways of doing things that are actually better than what you might have done before .
But wait ….
Are these ways so new ?
My first Rails application was a simple message - board tool , for private student / teacher communication .
I had to grapple with the question of how to model messages .
To whom did a message belong ?
Sender ?
Receiver ?
Student ?
Teacher ?
Which controller should deal with creating and updating messages ?
The solution I hit on was very similar to the kinds of things DHH was talking about last night : a Correspondence model .
A Correspondence belongs to a sender and a receiver .
It also has many messages , and has ( or has room for ) as much further embellishment as one wants .
I did n’t have : through , of course ( this was in 2004 ) , but it was n’t too hard to navigate through the tables and find what I needed .
Nor did this solve all the design problems … .
There was still the matter of mapping the sender / receiver roles to the teacher / student roles , and dealing with certain asymmetries in that realm while trying to make everyone a User object .
In any case , it ’s kind of gratifying to see Rails conventions moving in something very like the direction I took on my first Rails app .
Mind you , Rails was perfectly capable of accomodating this model from day 1 ; it ’s not that I came up with some non-Railsy way of modeling that Rails later realized was OK .
Still — it ’s nice to see it all becoming more and more established and doable .
Back to top
The agony and the ectasy ( of RubyConf proposals , that is )
Sat Jul 1 09:16:00 2006
Wearing my Ruby Central director ’s hat :
We ’ve received a record - smashing 73 talk proposals for RubyConf 2006 .
That ’s more than twice the number we got last year — and last year was about double the previous high .
It ’s absolutely great to see all the interesting work that ’s being done .
I ’m feeling buzzed and inspired in a way I usual am after RubyConf .
It ’s also agonizing to have to select not much more than a handful of talks .
We ’ll do it , and the program will be great , but it ’s not easy .
RubyConf is a gem of a conference : small ( not tiny , but small compared to many ) , one - track , intense , fun , collegial , coherent , unified .
We want it to stay that way ; it ’s an event many people look forward to and treasure .
The fact that we ’ve received 73 proposals does n’t change that — but it does set us the challenge , as an organization , of looking for more and more ways to get the community together and to let people know what others are doing .
Back to top
Why I am conservative about changes to Ruby
Sat Jul 1 12:18:00 2006
I have a probably well - deserved reputation for being conservative about changes to Ruby .
I ’ve even been accused of wanting to kill Ruby ( or thinking it should be dead , or some other subtle variant of the charge ) because I ’ve opposed this or that idea .
I am conservative about changes to Ruby — not because I think Ruby in five years should be exactly the same as Ruby today , but because I think the number of changes Ruby needs is tiny , compared with the number of suggestions that are made .
The biggest question I have about future versions of Ruby is …
Have we reached the non -line - noise saturation point ?
Why is this ?
Did n’t a lot of us take to Ruby in large part because it did n’t $ look ( & : like ) -> @@this ; ; ?
I ’ve started wondering whether maybe Ruby has reached a saturation point , where all that can be done without excessive line noise has been done .
Maybe if we want Ruby to stay clean , we simply can’t have every imaginable possible nuance of scope , namespace , symbolic reference , and and left - to - right logic forking .
Maybe it ’s a choice .
That ’s fine with me .
I ’m not big on looking at Ruby as a “ Swiss - army chainsaw ” , the way people look at Perl .
I ’m happy looking at it as the kind of blender that master chefs like to use : three or four speeds , rather than fifteen or twenty .
You can do anything with it , if you know what you ’re doing .
I trust Matz not to turn Ruby into a bunch of uppercase numbers .
( The -> lambda arrow has been dropped from the development branch , which is great news . )
Assuming he does n’t , I think it will be because he does n’t introduce a lot of the changes being contemplated , not because they do n’t use punctuation .
A lot of them do .
I think that may be a sign of the saturation point I ’m talking about .
If I ’m right , I hope we ’ll just live without some of the language - level special - case handling .
Back to top
10/10 review of Ruby for Rails on Slashdot
Wed Jul 12 17:35:00 2006
My book Ruby for Rails was very favorably reviewed today on Slashdot .
The review ends :
This is a great book , that ’s very easy and enjoyable to read .
It ’s a stunningly well written explanation of real - world Ruby skills for Rails development
The reviewer , Simon P. Chappell , really gets the fact that this is a Ruby - skills book for Rails practitioners — as opposed to a full - blown Rails guide or a full Ruby reference work .
When I conceived and wrote the book , I knew I was creating a whole book category , not just writing a book in a category .
And it ’s great to see that effort understood and appreciated .
I believe this review will help spread the word about what the book is trying to do .
And , in turn , it will be more widely read , and its goal of raising the level of Ruby mastery among Rails developers will be increasingly met !
Win -win !
Back to top
The laptop stratum : thoughts from ( half of ) OSCON
Thu Jul 27 10:25:00 2006
I ’ve been here in Portland since Saturday , which means I got here early for OSCON ( happened to be traveling in this part of the country anyway ) , and I ’m leaving today , which is a couple of days early ( have to do stuff back home and then come back to the West Coast next week ) .
It ’s been interesting and fun .
I ’ve hung out a lot with many of my fellow Rubyists , including Pat Eyler , Jim Weirich , the Prags , and Phil Tomson ; surreptitiously ( or otherwise ) watched people leaf through my book at the Powell ’s Bookstore table in the conference venue ; had dinner on Saturday with conference organizer Nat Torkington and a couple of his friends ; went to FOSCON last night ; and generally had a great time .
Jim Weirich and I were talking yesterday about the culture (s ) of the event , and of the various communities that make it up .
There ’s certainly a lot of potential interest to social scientists and analysts .
One thing I find particularly intriguing is the undercurrent of laptop use , especially during the presentations themselves .
This is n’t school , so I ’m not out to stop people from doing it ( as I was during my professorial days ; I did n’t allow laptops in the classroom at all ) .
What interests me about it is wondering what ’s actually getting done .
People talk at OSCON and other conferences about synergy , networking , and all the rest of it — and I have a suspicion that a lot of this goes on in laptop sessions during talks .
But when it takes that form , it ’s not celebrated .
It ’s accepted ( or at least tolerated ) as a corollary of the existence of laptops .
But it ’s actually a bit taboo , I think , to make too much of it .
I wonder ….
I remember starting to learn Rails by sitting at a conference talk and conducting a private chat session with David Heinemeier Hansson , who was sitting one row behind me and coaching me through the rudiments of the MVC architecture .
That was a real and substantive moment in my development as a developer .
I wonder what else is going on .
I have a feeling the laptop stratum is at least as rich as the “ BOF ” sessions and acts of hallway networking , when it comes to personal and community growth .
Back to top
Regional Ruby Conference grants from Ruby Central
Fri Jul 28 13:09:00 2006
Ruby Central , Inc. , parent organization of RubyConf and RailsConf , has announced the 2006 Regional Conference Grant Program .
Ruby users groups can get grants of up to $ 1500 for expenses connected with putting on a regional conference .
It ’s a timely program ( if I say so myself , being one of the people behind it ) .
RubyConf is a gem of a conference , and we want to keep it that way — but that also means it ca n’t be all conference - related things to all conference - going people .
We ’re aiming to become Ruby Centrifugal .
( Not literally , but metaphorically . )
A distributed effort makes sense .
So if you ’re involved in a Ruby users group - or even if you ’re not , but feel motivated to try to put on an event - have a look at the guidelines ( link above ) and let me know what you think ( dblack@rubypal.com ) .
Back to top
Special offer for Ruby users groups , from Ruby Power and Light
Sat Jul 29 12:25:00 2006
My consultancy , Ruby Power and Light , LLC , has an offer going , whereby a local Ruby users group can fly me in , have me talk at their meeting , and arrange a Ruby and / or Rails workshop ( non- free ) to be taught by me , to offset the expenses .
Details at Ruby Power and Light .
Back to top
Thu Aug 10 20:07:14 2006
Sigh — I have to suspend comments , at least for now , because of spam .
If it becomes possible to resume them at some point , I will .
Back to top
No , really : my book is Ruby for Rails !!
Sat Aug 12 12:14:46 2006
I got the weirdest review over on Amazon .
The reviewer gave my book one star out of five — which I can live with ( though I was fond of the half star in my four - and - a - half , and now I ’m down to just four ) .
Along with the one star was a review , the gist of which was that the reviewer had only read a few chapters , because he ( or she ; I ’ll say he ) realized my book was n’t what he ’d been looking for .
Specifically , my book bums this person out because it is n’t a step - by - step guide to Rails application development for people already familiar with other MVC frameworks .
That ’s what this reader had hoped it would be - based on what , I ca n’t say ( he says he did n’t read the earlier Amazon reviews , and apparently did n’t read the title either … ) - and apparently his having been wrong about the content of my book is , in his view , grounds for giving the book one star .
It ’s weird when someone gets mad at you because you did n’t write a particular book .
It would actually be easier to deal with disgruntlement at what my book is , rather than what it is n’t .
The reviewer does take the time to say that the book is verbose and rambling .
The main example of this is my discussion of command - line switches for the Ruby interpreter .
But I want to talk at some length about command - line switches .
If I had written the hypothetical Rails instruction manual that this person thinks I should have written , then perhaps that section would not have pulled its weight .
But in my book - my book , not some imaginary replacement for my book - it actually makes sense to include it .
The bottom line is :
If you are involved in Rails development and want to learn more about the Ruby programming language - principally , but not exclusively , to help you understand Rails better and write better Rails applications - read my book !
If you ’re not sure , you can get some sample chapters at the book ’s website at Manning .
And it ’s been said that Ruby for Rails is a great Ruby intro , whether you ’re interested in Rails or not .
Far be it from me to take exception to people ’s judgments ….
Back to top
Home from the Michigan Ruby Conference
Sun Aug 27 15:23:00 2006
“ Home ” is an exaggeration ; I ’m actually in the Grand Rapids airport .
The Michigan conference was very successful .
There were about 65 people there .
It was a one - track event , with three talks in the morning and six in the afternoon — a demanding but very rewarding day .
Congrats to Zach Dennis and the rest of the organizers for putting together an exemplary regional ruby conference !
Which reminds me ….
You ( dear reader ) should consider putting together a regional Ruby conference where you live , and apply for a Ruby Central Regional Conference Grant to help with expenses .
I wo n’t say it is n’t a lot of work to put on even a small conference , but it ’s definite doable , and it ’s a way to do something really cool and constructive .
Keep in mind that the Regional Conference Grants are only intended to offset out - of - pocket net expenses for the organizers .
That means that if you get sponsorship , the maximum possible amount of the grant goes down , possibly to zero .
Still — if a conference takes place , that ca n’t be bad !
Back to top
Free Rails workshop in Malmo , Sweden !
Mon Sep 11 10:29:00 2006
I ’m going to be conducting a free ( but limited enrollment ) Ruby on Rails workshop in Malmo , Sweden , on September 17th .
Details the Polar Rose website .
Back to top
RailsConf Europe and beyond ....
Mon Sep 18 05:08:00 2006
As you may already know , the first RailsConf Europe was a big success .
Ruby Central had the easy job : we were in on the planning at a fairly general level , and we chose the talks .
Credit for actually arranging and running the even goes to Wendy Devolder and her team at Skills Matter , the London - based training company that teamed up with us for this event .
I did n’t go to as many talks as I would have liked to , as I was doing event - related things much of the time ; but I went to all the keynotes and enough sessions to be very impressed .
I was also taking mental notes on the fact that the keynotes , which were attended by about 300 people , did n’t feel like they were mobbed or overcrowded .
This has a bearing on my thoughts about the upcoming RubyConf 2006 , which is going to have upward of 300 people in attendance and one track .
I ’m now in Copenhagen , having given a Rails workshop in Malmo , Sweden , yesterday .
The workshop , hosted by Polar Rose , went very well .
Afterwards I checked into my hotel in Copenhagen ; and as I was getting in to the elevator , I heard a voice call , “ David ! ” Usually it ’s safe to ignore that , in cities where you do n’t know anyone , since it probably is n’t you — but in this case it was me , and the person calling me was David Heinemeier Hansson .
He ’s staying at the same hotel , it turned out .
And I , and I think also DHH , will be going to tomorrow evening ’s meeting of the Copenhagen Ruby Brigade , which I ’m looking forward to a lot .
Back to top
Dinner for three
Sun Sep 24 12:03:33 2006
Now this was fun .
In London , the past Wednesday evening , I had dinner with two old friends : writer and critic Nicolette Jones and literature scholar - turned - banker Gurdon Wattles .
I met Nicolette in 1981 , when I was a senior at Yale and she had come over to do a year at Yale as part of her graduate work in English at Oxford .
So we ’ve known each other for about 25 years .
Nicolette and her family are among the friends I spend the most time with in London ; indeed , I ’ve spent more time with them over the years than with any number of my friends who live in , say , New York , less than fifty miles from me .
Gurdon I ’ve known for forty years .
We met when we were seven .
My family was living in Cambridge , England , for several months , and I was going to school there .
Gurdon and I became best mates at school .
Over the years we ’ve seen each other , either with our families or on our own , only three or four times , the most recent being in 1988 .
It ’s only in the past few weeks that we ’d been back in touch at all .
Here ’s the funny thing , though : Nicolette and Gurdon , quite independently of me , have been good friends since their university days back in the late seventies or so .
How did we figure out that we all knew each other ?
It was back in 1982 , in the Spring of the year that Nicolette spent at Yale .
She and I were sitting across from each other at a table in a student dining hall , and she was writing a postcard .
Postcards are fair game , right ?
So I glanced at it , and saw that it was addressed to my old friend from Cambridge , Gurdon Wattles .
That broke the ice , you may be sure .
Now it ’s 2006 , and the three of us were together in one place for the first time .
And it was really fun .
A long time in the making , and an absolute delight .
More of the same to follow , I hope !
Back to top
Have fun ( without me ) at RubyConf !
Wed Sep 27 15:55:02 2006
I ’m going to miss RubyConf , for the first time ever .
This is happening for two reasons .
The second reason erases the first — that is , it would be sufficient in itself .
The first reason is , or was , that I accidentally scheduled a training course in conflict with the first day of RubyConf .
That was just dumb — though I ’m happy to be doing the course , which is a 4 - day Ruby / Rails intro in Alexandria , VA >
The second reason is that a dear friend of mine is having her 80th birthday party on October 21 , the second day of RubyCOnf .
So that pretty much takes me out of the picture .
It feels weird to miss a RubyConf .
I ’m one of only seven people who have been to all of them .
Even Matz has missed one .
( He had a good excuse : his wife was about to have a baby . )
But it ’s definitely in a good cause .
And you ’ll all be very well looked after , as always , by Chad , Rich , and the hotel staff .
Back to top
[ Postponed ]
One - day Rails intro workshop in Toronto , December 15
Sun Nov 19 16:34:22 2006
[ This event got postponed , hopefully to take place in Spring 2007 . ]
I ’m going to be conducting a one - day Rails workshop in Toronto on December 15 .
It will be an introduction to Ruby language essentials and the Ruby on Rails framework .
Topics will include :
Ruby language basics
Rails application creation and startup
â€ œRails - friendlyâ€ database design
HTML templating for Rails views
templating for Rails views Data validation , testing , Ajax basics , and more
The cost is $ 375 ( Canadian ) .
More information and registration here ..
Back to top
More A than R : reconsidering the " new " AR object
Sat Dec 23 08:57:00 2006
I ’ve been noticing that this is becoming a common controller idiom :
def new @person = Person.new end
Of course it ’s for the sake of the view — specifically , for the benefit of simply_helpful , which lets you do :
< % form_for( @person ) ... %>
and will create the right form for you , with the right HTTP method , based on whether @person is a new record or an existing one .
That “ new ” method , though , bothered me the first time I saw it , and it still does .
What I do n’t like about it is that it creates a new Person object , while having no intention whatever of saving that object .
Of course there ’s no rule that says you have to save AR instances .
But doing Person.new just so that you have an object that can answer a couple of questions about itself is overkill .
Seeing that code gives me the same feeling I get when I see global variables ( or even instance variables ) used where a local variable would do .
It works , but it ’s a loose fit .
It reminds me of , say , walking into a health club and buying a membership so that you can go inside and use their bathroom once .
The membership system is in place , and it will serve that purpose , but it was n’t put in place for that purpose and it ’s manifestly a kind of better - than - nothing solution to the problem being solved .
What we ’ve got , I think , is the tail ( the view ) wagging the dog ( the controller ) a bit too much .
I have no problem with the underlying idea of having the form creation be intelligent , but I ’m not comfortable with this idiom for doing it .
I ’m also willing to bet that someone — a lot of people , I would guess — see this :
@person = Person.new
and have trouble getting a handle on the fact that this has nothing whatever to do with the fact that , at the end of the whole process ( new plus create ) , a new Person will have been created .
It ’s almost like this new Person is pretending to be THE new Person .
So , what are some alternatives ?
I started out by thinking about flipping the whole thing so that the instance variable was no longer at the heart of it .
( The docs for form_for do say , after all , “ The big news is that form_for allows us to more easily escape the instance variable convention ” :-)
I ended up kind of reinventing what already exists .
Also , Dave Goodlad pointed out that a benefit of querying an actual Person object , even a new one , is that you can pick up default values for attributes ( at least those defined via overrides in the model ) .
My next thought — and this is what I currently favor — is to add a “ proto ” constructor to ActiveRecord .
So instead of Person.new , you would do :
@person = Person.proto
The proto-person would essentially be an unsaveable Person object .
Its reason for existence would be exactly the use to which you ’re going to put it .
When I see Person.new in this context , I always think : this is here because there ’s no good way to do this , and creating a new instance is the closest thing available .
My reaction to that is : if we ’re going to be using a lot of AR objects that are more A than R , let ’s design that into the system .
The “ proto ” constructor would be a way to do that .
I also consider it more in keeping with the somewhat anomalous position of the “ new ” action in the RESTful context .
new serves as a kind of table - setter for create .
The main event has n’t started yet ; this is just a preliminary step .
Viewing it in that context , I think the somewhat anomalous nature of the proto - Person is in fact exactly right .
Criticisms include :
Get a life :-)
No one ’s going to accidentally save the object , so .new is OK .
Another constructor is potentially just clutter .
I disagree with all of them , obviously , but I thought I ’d list them just to indicate I ’m aware of them .
Back to top
Enough already with freaking out over people 's sex
Wed Jan 3 19:30:58 2007
Just spotted on the on - screen program guide for Cablevision : “ When a female Secret Service agent is killed , detectives investigate clients of her husband , a well - connected lobbyist . ”
Years ago , there was a kind of riddle or puzzle in circulation — something to the effect of :
A father and son are in a car crash .
They ’re taken to the hospital .
The doctor comes into the room , looks at the boy in the bed , and exclaims , “ My son ! ” How can this happen ?
I ’d like to think that that riddle is obsolete .
But I wonder .
Apparently television blurb writers still feel the need to specify that a character is a female Secret Service agent , not just a Secret Service agent , even though reference is made to “ her husband ” in the same sentence .
I can understand alluding to a character ’s sex — or ethnicity , age , sexual preference — if it ’s materially relevant to the plot .
The dramas of our culture involve these things , and there ’s no reason that dramatic representations can or should be expected not to revolve around them .
If an episode of a show is about child pornographers , I do n’t expect the description not to mention children .
If it ’s about a serial murderer of gays , I do n’t expect the description to be poker - faced on the matter of who the victims are .
So there are cases where the issue is the message , so to speak .
I do n’t know , because I have n’t seen it , but I suspect the “ female Secret Service agent ” episode is n’t one of them .
But just for the sake of argument , let ’s say it is .
That still leaves the question : what the hell could the “ her ” in “ her husband ” mean , except that the agent is female ?
Even if the plot does hinge specifically on the femaleness of the agent , “ her ” conveys that femaleness completely and unambiguously .
There is literally no possible reason for the presence of the word “ female ” in that blurb .
I dislike the implication that it ’s unacceptable to keep the femaleness of a Secret Service agent unrevealed even for a handful of words .
That ’s no good .
If people find themselves thinking it must be a man and then revising their view later in the sentence , so be it .
They should have to do that , if they assume that “ Secret Service agent ” means male agent , or that “ teacher ” means white teacher , or that “ man ” means heterosexual man .
Enough already with these regressive habits .
Back to top
Will trade Ruby / Rails tutoring for website design work !
Wed Jan 3 20:35:39 2007
Update
I ’ve come to an agreement with someone .
Thanks to those of you who offered your services .
I hope I ’ll meet up with many of you around Ruby / Rails - space .
( Old announcement )
I ’d like to trade hours of Ruby / Rails tutoring , at any level , for hours of website design work , on a 1 - to - 1 hour ratio .
I ’m envisioning something in the 3 - 5 hour range on both sides .
If you ’re interested , let me know .
I do have some requirements and expectations ( like that all pages will validate — I ’m not sure my current ones do , but if they do n’t that ’s something I want to fix and not be complacent about — and that things are visually interesting but not oversaturated and all info is as accessible as possible ) .
But I ’m also ready to look at real designs and not just impose my own somewhat limited design imagination on the project .
Please email me at dblack at wobblini dot net if interested in chatting about the possibility .
Back to top
Meta , shmeta : learning Ruby horizontally
Sun Jan 7 10:20:49 2007
One of the great accomplishments of Ruby is that its object and class model bring about a wonderful unity and simplicity .
Even things that might seem like they should be hard or obscure are actually very transparent , once you have the hang of how the model works .
Unfortunately , there ’s a trend toward drawing an increasingly sharp line between regular programming and “ metaprogramming ” in Ruby discussions , where metaprogramming is understood to mean … well , I ’m not sure what it ’s understood to mean , the way it ’s getting used in connection with Ruby , and that ’s the problem .
There ’s no natural separation between programming and metaprogramming in Ruby , and no reason to make life harder by breaking them apart .
The thrust of Ruby ’s design is to dissolve complexities , so that even things that appear to be “ wizardly ” or full of “ dark magic ” actually make perfect sense in terms of a relative small number of underlying language principles .
I ’m not saying it ’s all a snap to learn .
But I do consider it counterproductive to posit some kind of special barrier or fortification surrounding a particular set of Ruby programming techniques .
Learning Ruby is n’t like scaling a mountain .
It ’s more like exploring a plain , with interesting features and a distant but very attractive horizon .
One thing leads to another , but not in a way that requires you to fight gravity to get there .
Horizontal learning : class_eval and class
You can get a feel for this horizontal , energy - efficient way of learning Ruby by looking at pairs of closely - related techniques , where one is the kind of thing you learn on the first day of studying Ruby and the other …is n’t .
A good example of such a pair is the class keyword and the class_eval method .
class_eval often comes up as an example of a metaprogramming technique , and therefore as something obscure and difficult and wizardly .
It is n’t .
Let ’s probe it systematically , and in context .
We ’ll start with the class keyword , one of the bread - and - butter techniques of Ruby — the basic :
class MyClass # stuff end
Certain things happen when you start a class definition block :
you start a new local scope
the special object self is the class object itself
is the class object itself any methods you define with the def keyword are instance methods of the class
All of this is easily visible and verifiable .
Here ’s a little testbed :
# Just for demo , we 'll create a local variable in the # outer scope .
x = 1 # Now the class definition block .
class Teacher #
Examine the value of self puts self #
Try to examine the local variable x -- but it will # raise an exception , because we 're in a new local scope # ( so we rescue the exception ) .
puts x rescue puts " x is from a different scope ! " # Define some instance methods . def initialize ( name ) @name = name end def name @name end end # Run some demo code .
t = Teacher.new ( " David " ) puts t.name
The output from this little program is :
Teacher x is from a different scope !
David
Everything works as expected .
Now , let ’s look at class_eval .
class_eval is a method , rather than a keyword .
You do n’t do this :
class_eval Teacher # No !
Rather , you call it as a method , and give it a code block :
Teacher .class_eval do # code block !
end
Now , rather than get all panicked about how this is “ metaprogramming ” , let ’s look at what ’s actually happening , and why .
As we ’ve seen , the class keyword ( class Teacher ) brings about certain conditions involving self , scope , and the effect of defining methods .
So let ’s use the same criteria to examine what happens with class_eval :
y = 1 Teacher.class_eval do puts self puts y rescue " y is from a different scope ! " def subject " History " end end t = Teacher.new ( " David " ) puts " #{t.name} teaches # {t.subject} . "
( We ’ve got all teachers teaching history , but we ’ll live with that for the sake of the demo . )
When you run this code , you get :
Teacher 1 David teaches History .
What does this tell us ?
It tells us that when you use class_eval :
you do NOT start a new local scope ; you ’re in the same one
start a new local scope ; you ’re in the same one the special object self is the class object itself
is the class object itself any methods you define with the def keyword are instance methods of the class
Consequently , you now know that if you want to add instance methods to a class while still retaining access to local variables in the outer scope , you should use class_eval .
If you do n’t need those local variables , you can use the class keyword .
There ’s a little more to it ….
There are of course more differences between class and class_eval ( including the fact that class_eval can operate on a string as well as a code block , and that it ’s very handy for anonymous classes ) .
But note that as we study class_eval , we ’re not in a different universe , or higher up a mountain and running out of air .
We ’re actually still playing in the same ballpark we were playing in when we looked at the class keyword .
The relation between class and class_eval , from the point of view of someone interested in using them , is a horizontal , lateral relation .
You hold one technique in one hand , and the other in the other hand , and you heft them and compare them and decide what you want to do .
Nothing is gained by putting class_eval on a pedestal and getting all worked up about how “ meta ” it is .
All you have to do is study it a little and then use it when it ’s the correct choice for accomplishing what you ’re trying to accomplish .
Back to top
Emerging
Tech conference coming up
Wed Feb 7 10:26:37 2007
I ’m going to be speaking at the Emerging Technologies conference in Philadelphia .
The conference is being held March 28 - 29 , at Drexel University , and is produced by Chariot Solutions .
I ’ll be speaking on Rails routing , a topic that ’s becoming dear to my heart as I ” m working on some materials on it for publication , and also giving a tutorial on it at RailsConf 2007 .
Back to top
The Magic Pens of Ruby
Sun Feb 18 14:01:00 2007
I ’ve recently found myself describing single objects yielded by iterators as “ magic pens . ”
Though it may sound more psychodelic than technical , it ’s actually proven to be a good way to explain these objects and give people a feel for why an iterator would only yield one object in the first place .
I do n’t mean cases where you iterate through a collection that happens to have only one element .
I mean methods that , by design , yield one and only one object , every time they ’re run .
create_table do |t| t.column : first_name , : string t.column : last_name , : string end
The create_table method is being supplied with a block , so it ’s an iterator .
( Ask any method : iterator ?
and it will tell you true if you ’ve given it a block , even if it never yields to it . )
But what is it iterating over , or through ?
How many times ?
Once ?
Why bother iterating , then ?
Why not just call a method and use the return value ?
t = create_table t.column : first_name , : string t.column : last_name , : string
The answer — the admittedly very high - level answer , but the one I ’ve found most effective in nailing into place exactly what ’s going on — is that create_table works by handing you a magic pen .
The pen has magic only for the duration of the code block .
While you have the magic pen , you use it to do things you would n’t normally do , like bring about changes in your database tables and columns .
( Not the records ( though those too , if you wish ) : the tables and columns themselves . )
The magic pen idiom is very elegant , for at least two reasons .
First , it throws the spotlight on what you ’re doing .
The delimitation of the code block , during which you have the pen , puts the specialness of the process in high relief .
You have to get the pen to do what it needs to , all in one place and time .
( You might say that the code block is itself a magic “ pen ” — that is , a magic enclosure … . )
Second , the magic pen idiom saves you trouble .
Think about the method that hands you the pen .
At some point , it has to yield to your code block .
But before and after it yields , it can do any amount of set up and tear down — which , consequently , you do n’t have to worry about .
Let ’s look at an illustration of this second point up close .
Inside a magic pen
The magic pen you get from create_table is actually an instance of the class TableDefinition .
You can see exactly how create_table hands you the magic pen if you look at the source code for the first segment of the method create_table , which is in schema_statements.rb ( comments added ) :
def create_table ( name , options = {} ) table_definition = TableDefinition.new(self ) table_definition.primary_key(options[:primary_key ] || " id " ) unless options [ : id ] == false yield table_definition #
You get the magic pen !
The yield triggers execution of your code block , and the local variable t is assigned to the TableDefinition object that ’s been yielded .
You need this object because it ’s the one that has a “ column ” method .
And it ’s your magic pen .
The magic itself ( the process of changing the database ) happens back in create_table , after your code block ends .
Here ’s the rest of create_table :
if options [ : force ] drop_table ( name , options ) rescue nil end create_sql = " CREATE # {' TEMPORARY ' if options [ : temporary ] }
TABLE " create_sql << " #{name} ( " create_sql << table_definition.to_sql create_sql << " ) # {options [ : options ]} " execute create_sql end
The routing magic pen
While we ’re on the subject of magic pens in Rails : you also get a magic pen to help you write your application ’s routing rules .
Here ’s the default config / routes.rb file , minus comments :
ActionController :: Routing ::Routes.draw do |map| map.connect ':controller/service.wsdl ' , :action => ' wsdl ' map.connect ':controller/:action/:id.:format ' map.connect ':controller/:action /:id' end
The magic pen is “ map ” , which is a Mapper object .
It ’s by handling this object that you bring about changes in the routing tables .
Like the migration magic pen , the routing magic pen is yours only for a time .
But during that time , it gives you a lot of power .
When you write named routes and resource routes , you see even more of the power :
# Create a method called profile_url that generates a URL # of the form profile / id which is bound to the user / show # action : map.profile ' profile /:id ' , : controller => " user " , : action => " show " # Generate a full complement of RESTful routes and associated # URL generation methods for the accounts resource : map.resources :accounts
This magic pen has a lot of ink in it .
Last but not least , let ’s look at the extremely useful filehandle magic pen in Ruby .
Ruby ’s filehandle magic pen
You can , if you wish , deal with file - writing procedurally , like this :
fh = File.open ( " myfile " , " w " ) fh.puts " Content of file ! " fh.close
And in this scenario , you do indeed get a magic pen .
But it ’s not very dignified for the magician to have to sweep the stage after the show — as in fh.close .
Doing it the magic pen way has the effect of making Ruby do the housekeeping :
File.open ( " myfile " , " w " ) do |fh| fh.puts " Content of file ! " end
The open method yields a filehandle .
Then , after the code block finishes , control returns to the method , where the filehandle gets closed for you .
You do n’t have to worry about it .
The magic pen idiom distills the magic into the pen , by offloading the housekeeping onto the method that yields the pen in the first place ( create_table , draw , open ) .
Conversely , the fact that Ruby makes this kind of offloading so easy is what makes magic pen scenarios so easy .
So when you see an iterator , do n’t assume it ’s handling a collection .
It may just be setting up a magic pen experience for you .
Back to top
Sudoku solutions : who cares ?
Sun Feb 25 23:47:00 2007
I ’m a sort of mediocre good sudoku solver — flashes of brilliance , too lazy to bother writing in all the possible values of each field so not in the running to solve a lot of the harder puzzles .
But I enjoy them , and I go through phases of doing them quite a bit .
I also do crosswords — specifically , British - style cryptic crosswords .
I ’m quite good at those .
I rarely finish one completely , but I still consider myself good at them because I often come within , say , two or three clues of finishing .
And if the answer is something I ’ve never heard of , I give myself partial credit , so to speak .
It ’s actually the answers that I ’ve been thinking about : the answers to crossword clues , and the answers to Sudoku .
When you work on a crossword clue , there ’s a very specific goal for that clue .
Clues can be fun , even in isolation .
You can work on a crossword puzzle with someone else , even someone who ca n’t see the puzzle ; you just give them a clue , and tell them how many letters you ’ve already got , and they can work on it .
Sudoku are different .
You ca n’t really say to your friend , “ I ’ve got a square that ’s missing 2,8 , and 9 .
The blank boxes are the center , the top right , and the middle left ” and expect your friend to come up with a solution .
And after you ’ve worked on a crossword puzzle – more to the point , after you ’ve given up – you want to see the solution .
When you see the answers to the clues you did n’t get , you may feel stupid or you may feel vindicated ( if you decide the clue was bad , or the answer was something you truly never would have been able to come up with ) .
That ’s where I wonder about Sudoku .
You always get the solutions in the back of Sudoku books , or published the next day in the newspaper .
But why , exactly ?
I ca n’t imagine working on a Sudoku , failing to complete it , and then looking at the third box from the left in the middle row of squares and saying , “ Oh , of course !
Seven ! ”
The individual squares just do n’t have the same relation to their answers that crossword clues have to theirs .
Another kind of weird thing about the solutions to Sudoku is that , at least if you put yourself in the right frame of mind , seeing them does n’t matter .
If I set out to solve a Sudoku rigorously – with no guessing , never filling in a box until I ’m sure about it – having access to the solution does n’t really make my job any easier .
What all of this amounts to is , I think , that the culture of puzzle publication dictates that solutions accompany puzzles , but not too closely ( at the back of the book , or a day later ) , even though this way of doing it is a rather odd fit , in some respects , for Sudoku .
No harm done , of course .
I just find it kind of funny .
Back to top
DABlog now using Mephisto
Sun Feb 25 23:52:00 2007
I ’ve switched DABlog over to Mephisto , a publishing system that ’s become a very popular blog engine .
Mephisto is by Rick Olson and Justin Palmer .
The switch is smooth so far ( thanks for the help on IRC , Rick :-) and I ’ve also added a FeedBurner feed .
Today is also the day I started using gmail , having been a Pine aficianado for years and years .
A big transition day .
Back to top
Rails training by Ruby Power and Light !
Tue Mar 27 14:43:00 2007
Back to top
The L in DSL : langue ou langage ?
Tue Apr 17 18:19:00 2007
In 1964 , the great film theorist Christian Metz published a seminal essay called , “ Le Cinéma : langue ou langage ? ”
The basic idea was this .
Movies obviously communicate something .
So they ’re evidently tapping into the human capacity for understanding symbolic representation — essentially , language .
But does that mean that there is a film language , with its own precise rules , the way there is English or French ?
Or does it mean , rather , that film participates in the process of communicating in a language - like way , but not according to one particular set of rules ?
Metz ’s view was that it was the latter .
Film communicates through language - like means ( symbolic representation , piecing shots and scenes together like phrases to create meaning ) , but there ’s no one - and - only language called Film .
Different films can do it differently , and different audiences ( depending on when and where they learn to become “ film literate ” ) have different ways of interpreting the content and editing patterns of films .
Thus one may say that film is langage ( language - like communication ) , but it is not une langue ( a particular language ) .
It strikes me that this goes to the heart of the L in DSL .
DSLs a - go - go
The concept of the Domain Specific Language ( DSL ) has been in heavy rotation in recent times in the Ruby and Rails worlds , and for good reason .
Ruby provides a very hospitable environment for little idiom sets that , with little effort , can be coaxed into looking like pseudo - code or configuration syntax , and therefore can help greatly in allowing non-programmers to understand what ’s going on .
Thus , for example , you might come up with something that allows you to do this :
with Employee " 123-45-6789 " do dock_salary 1000 warn_about : misconduct end
and you can be fairly optimistic that , with minimal coaching , you can get most people to understand it .
This kind of thing is extremely useful .
I wonder , though , whether it always deserves to be called a Domain Specific Language .
It seems to me that the term DSL has become a bit over - burdened .
It sometimes feels like any snippet of code that uses a block and includes one or more well - named methods ends up getting called a DSL .
In the grand scheme of things it does n’t really matter if someone happens to call a snippet of code a language , domain specific or otherwise .
But I do think that the horizon of DSL expectation in Ruby has shrunk a little bit .
If DSL means having a method called warn_about that does n’t need an explicit receiver ( and , by the way , I myself dislike the magic instance_eval trick that allows this ; but that ’s another story ) , then we do n’t really have a name for full - blown , semantically rich , domain - specific languages written in Ruby .
What the ‘ell ?
It ’s a bit curmudgeonly , though , to lobby for people to stop using a term they find appropriate for their code .
So I have n’t .
But this morning I thought of another way to see the whole thing .
This :
with Employee " 123-45-6789 " do dock_salary 1000 warn_about : misconduct end
is not a domain specific language .
It is , rather , domain specific language .
Note the lack of the “ a ” .
It ’s domain specific , and it uses language - like constructs .
But it is n’t a language .
It ’s Ruby , using expressive method names and cushy semantics and therefore facilitating the use of domain specific idioms .
In other words , I suggest that when people say they have created a DSL , they might more precisely say that they have used DSL .
They have not created une langue , but they have made use of a particular aspect of langage .
Anyway , that ’s how I ’ve come to see it .
I hope the late , great Metz would have approved .
Back to top
Tough love from Verizon
Mon May 14 12:57:00 2007
I do n’t think you have to be a language snob to wince ( and laugh ) at the way advertisers misuse English .
They ’re protected , of course , by the myths that surround their profession .
If they get their grammar wrong , or misuse an idiom , they must have some ingenious marketing reason for doing so — or so people are willing to asusme .
In fact , I think what ’s happening is that the lousiness of the American educational system is trickling up into the ranks of copy writers and copy editors and basically everyone in the chain of custody of commercials .
The one that got me writing this post is a Verizon radio ad , specifically an ad for Verizon ’s phone / cable / Internet triple package .
It features the usual fake testimonial sound - bites from actors pretending to be customers .
That ’s par for the course , until one of them says ( and the stuff in square brackets is a paraphrase ; the rest is verbatim ) :
“ [ Verizon gives you a great deal , ] providing all three services and not pulling any punches . “
I love the image of a Verizon repair person coming to my door and slugging me in the jaw , as hard as he or she can .
( I ’d rather it not happen , but I love the image . )
It is , of course , completely clear that the person who wrote that line has no idea what the expression “ pulling a punch ” actually means , and neither do the executives who paid to have the ad written .
I surmise that they think it means “ pulling a stunt ” , so that not pulling any punches means you ’re entirely honest .
Or something .
Who knows ?
I suppose that if Coors can actually bring to market a product called “ Artic [ sic ] Ice ” , then Verizon can sleepwalk through the process of producing radio commercials .
In fact , it does n’t surprise me any more .
I no longer expect the ostensible gatekeepers to know what they ’re doing .
They probably never did , but I do think it ’s gotten worse .
And funnier .
Back to top
Boston Early Music Festival wrapup
Sat Jun 16 23:44:00 2007
I ’m in Boston , having just spent four days at the Boston Early Music Festival .
My brother Gavin , director of the Princeton Early Keyboard Center , rented an exhibitor ’s room — basically a hotel room from which the beds have been removed — where he displayed his oldest harpsichords ( one made in London in 1785 , one made in Italy in the late 17th century ) .
Visitors to the room were encouraged to play on the instruments , and many did .
It was n’t just a display , though .
Gavin also produced something like fifteen half - hour musical recitals , involving himself , me , and various musical colleagues and friends .
The result was that Room 921 at the Radisson was a hot - spot of wonderful performances and presentations .
Highlights included :
Baroque music performed by its composer , Grant Colburn ( unusual at an early music event ! )
John Thompson performing on the qin ( pronounced ‘ chin ’ ) , a Chinese instrument , with Gavin playing clavichord selections to complement the pieces
John Burkhalter discussing the Neff manuscript , a one - of - a- kind handwritten collection of pieces , dating from late 18th century Pennsylvania and belonging to John
Two recitals by the baroque group Col Legno , of which I am a member
And there was more .
Room 921 was , as Gavin and I said to each other almost simultaneously when we were discussing it afterwards , a festival within a festival .
Congratulations to Gavin for producing these four days of music , and thanks to everyone who participated and everyone who came to hear us .
I also spent a lot of time looking at the exhibit halls , where there were lots of instrument makers and sheet music sellers .
There were not as many cellos as I would have liked ; in fact , I only saw three .
Viols seem to rule at this event , and the violin family is mainly represented by the smaller instruments .
I guess it ’s understandable , since the makers have to lug the instruments to the festival … but I still would have liked to have seem more baroque cellos .
There were a lot of bowmakers on hand , though , and that was interesting .
Back to top
The Stupidity Tax
Wed Jul 4 12:47:00 2007
As of this morning , I can't find my London cell phone .
Yes I know it sounds pretentious for an American even to have one ... but I go to London usually two or three times a year , and you really can't have any kind of social life over there without one .
Anyway , I 'm at home in the U.S. , and I can't find the phone .
That means I will almost certainly have to buy another one , solely because I 'm too stupid to have put it away properly last time I got back from London .
I consider the price of the new phone to be a Stupidity Tax payment .
I pay several hundred dollars a year in Stupidity Tax .
I forget to cancel hotels ; I neglect to send in rebate forms ; I lose things .
I have to say , the losing things thing is very deep - rooted ; there 's more to that syndrome than stupidity .
Still , to the extent that I lose expensive things that should be simple to keep track of , their replacement is Stupidity Tax .
Thinking of all of this as Stupidity Tax actually makes it a little easier to deal with .
It 's just part of the cost of living .
Of course I 'd like to reduce it as much as possible .
But it 's unlikely I 'll ever reduce it to zero .
Life is too much of a sieve to hope for that .
At least I can keep things interesting by rotating the reasons for the tax : a lost item here , a forgotten bill there .
I 'd like it not to get too interesting ... but the Stupidity Tax is here to stay , so I might as well try to adapt to it .
Back to top
Bang methods ; or , Danger , Will Rubyist !
Wed Aug 15 11:35:00 2007
In Ruby , you can write methods whose names end in !
( exclamation point or “ bang ” ) .
There ’s a lot of confusion surrounding the matter of when , and why , you would want to do so .
What !
does ( and does not ) mean
The !
in method names that end with !
means , “ This method is dangerous ” — or , more precisely , this method is the “ dangerous ” version of an otherwise equivalent method , with the same name minus the !.
“ Danger ” is relative ; the !
does n’t mean anything at all unless the method name it ’s in corresponds to a similar but bang - less method name .
So , for example , gsub ! is the dangerous version of gsub .
exit ! is the dangerous version of exit .
flatten ! is the dangerous version of flatten .
And so forth .
The !
does not mean “ This method changes its receiver . ”
A lot of “ dangerous ” methods do change their receivers .
But some do n’t .
I repeat : ! does not mean that the method changes its receiver .
Do n’t overuse the !
Not every !- method changes its receiver , and not every receiver - changing method ends with !.
There ’s Array # pop / push / shift / unshift / concat / clear , and lots of others .
Do n’t add ! to your destructive ( receiver - changing ) methods ’ names , unless you consider the changing to be “ dangerous ” and you have a “ non-dangerous ” equivalent method without the !.
If some arbitrary subset of destructive methods end with ! , then the whole point of !
gets distorted and diluted , and !
ceases to convey any information whatsoever .
If you want to write a destructive method and you do n’t think the name conveys destruction , you might be tempted to add a ! to make it clear .
That ’s not a good idea .
If the name of a destructive method , without a ! , does not connote destruction , then the name is wrong and cannot be repaired by slapping a ! on it .
In such a case , you should create the traditional pair of methods : a non-bang method and a bang method .
It ’s conventional to define the non-bang method in terms of the bang one .
Here ’s an example involving a simplistic version of an Array # flatten_once method ( it does n’t handle nested objects other than arrays very well , but it makes the bang - point ) :
class Array def flatten_once !
res = [ ] each do |e| [ *e ] . each { |f| res << f } end replace ( res ) end def flatten_once dup.flatten_once !
end end
The non-bang method is defined in terms of the bang method .
You would n’t want to write an isolated method called flatten_once !
without the matching non-bang version , since there ’s no way to measure the “ danger ” except in relation to the non-dangerous method .
[ Aug. 16 , comment in response to IRC question from apeiros : you can also define the bang method in terms of the non-bang method , but in the Ruby source code it ’s usually done in the direction I ’ve done it , and I ’ve followed that practice here . ]
Danger takes many forms
Sometimes you get more than one kind of “ danger ” even within one bang method .
Take String#gsub ! .
This method changes its receiver :
str = " David " str.gsub !(/$ / , " Black " ) str # David Black
It also differs from gsub ( non-bang ) in that if the string does not change , gsub returns a copy of the unchanged string but gsub !
returns nil :
str.gsub ( /xyz / , " blah " ) # David Black str.gsub !( / xyz / , " blah " ) # nil str # David Black
The ! in gsub !
gives you a heads - up : it warns you of danger , and that means that before you use the method , you should find out exactly how it behaves .
( A simple “ ri String #gsub ! ” should do it . )
Forget “ intuitive ”
It may not be easy or , to use a heavily overworked term , “ intuitive ” to think of ! as meaning “ dangerous ” , or to craft your method names so that the ! ’s make sense in that context .
It ’s worth it , though .
Give Ruby ( and Matz ) the benefit of the doubt .
This use of !
probably does not occur in other languages you ’ve used .
But it works really well .
If you let go of the notion that !
means destructive , and if you think through the naming and pairing of dangerous and non-dangerous methods , you ’ll see how valuable a flag the ! can be .
Back to top
Reflections on Wikipedia
Tue Sep 4 12:53:00 2007
I love reading Wikipedia , and I ’ve learned a lot from doing so .
I ’m not , in other words , rabidly anti-Wikipedia .
But I do have a few serious concerns about it .
It seems to me that Wikipedia is , in effect whether or not in intent , pushing the Web in exactly the direction it is n’t best suited for : namely , centralization of information .
Mailing list posts and IRC channels are full of links to Wikipedia articles , on everything from … well , on lots of things .
It seems that the standard way of saying , “ If you ’re not familiar with the term I just used , here ’s how to learn about it ” is to provide a Wikipedia link .
I strongly suspect that this is automatic on the part of the people doing it — automatic , that is , rather than based on a thorough search of all the resources available on a given topic and a reasoned decision about which is best - written and / or most informative .
That ’s the thing : Wikipedia provides something close to one - stop shopping .
You ’ll find something on almost anything .
Furthermore , Wikipedia itself seems to buy into and cultivate the image of itself as a centralized , objective source of information about everything .
One symptom of this is the fact that links within Wikipedia articles are always , or very nearly always , links to other Wikipedia articles .
In spite of how open it is , in terms of contributions , it ’s ultimately a closed system .
Yes , external sources are indicated at the bottom of articles .
But the providing of sou
Richard Stallman is a large man .
A large man with a beard that could easily hide a family of poor , migrant workers from La Migra for days on end .
Am I claiming that Mr. Stallman is guilty of hiding illegal immigrants in his beard for fun and profit ?
No , I 'm claiming that he hates video game consoles .
A Dtoid reader , Matthew , sent us an email earlier directing my attention to this ZDNet blog , where Mr. Stallman converses with one of the writers there about the evils of the consoles we all have in our homes .
To wit ;
Q : One final question .
We 're seeing more and more devices , and I 'm thinking specifically of games consoles — I know that my kids have one in the house — where there is no — Richard Stallman : I would n't .
You have to learn how to say no to your kids .
Q : That 's true , that 's true , I would n't deny it .
Now , there is no free software at all for devices like this [ correction : Yellow Dog supports some console(s ) ] .
Richard Stallman :
That 's why there is no possible ethical way you could use one , and so you should n't have it .
Q : All right , I think I 'll take the kids out on the bike more often .
Richard Stallman :
That would be much better for them .
Far be it from me to call anyone with facial hair of that magnitude a raving psychopath , but I think all the years of being the Ingrid Newkirk of the FOSS movement have turned Richard into the kind of raving zealout that Muslim clerics go gay for .
Refusing to give your children a device that would bring them endless amounts of joy simply because you have been disallowed from writing a program that would make the Xbox 360 send a text message to your Linux - enabled toaster whenever a new .bin of the first season of Spaced hits Mininova , is not only crazy , it 's the sort of thing that drives children to grow beards like Mr. Stallman's .
Seriously , did you see that beard ?!?
PRIMM , Nev. , Oct. 8 - Stanley , a robotic vehicle designed by a Stanford University team , appeared to earn its creators a $ 2 million prize on Saturday by being the fastest finisher on a 132 - mile course through the Nevada desert .
The race , called the Grand Challenge , was a Pentagon project meant to promote the development of technologies for 21st - century automated warfare .
The car was not immediately declared the winner because officials were doing final calculations , but race times on the event 's
Web site indicated that it had come in several minutes ahead of two entries from Carnegie Mellon University .
The Stanford scientists who led the 18 - month effort to build Stanley said they saw their victory as a significant leap forward in the field of artificial intelligence , a discipline that has long suffered from big promises that did not pan out .
" This is for people who say , ' Cars ca n't drive themselves , ' " said Sebastian Thrun , the director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and co-leader of the Stanford team .
" These are the same people who said the Wright brothers would n't fly . "
Travis Tygart , the senior managing director and general counsel for the United States Anti-Doping Agency , said , “ If you ’re a player that was using and receiving steroids and other performance - enhancing drugs from Radomski , I think you are pretty nervous right now . ”
Mr. Radomski’s home was searched on Dec. 14 , 2005 , and the federal search warrant affidavit filed in connection with that raid detailed some of his drug transactions .
In that raid , federal agents seized “ thousands of doses of numerous types of anabolic steroids in both pill and injectable form , ” according to a statement from United States Attorney Scott N. Schools , who recently replaced Kevin Ryan , who had overseen the original prosecution of the Balco case .
Obtained in the raid of Mr. Radomski’s home were human growth hormone ; insulin growth factor ; clomiphene , a fertility drug that can be used as a masking agent ; and the steroid Clenbuterol , which was the same drug that the journeyman pitcher Jason Grimsley admitted to using in the search warrant affidavit on his home in Arizona last year .
Federal agents also seized shipping records , financial records , correspondences and contact lists that detailed the distribution of drugs to major league baseball players .
According to the affidavit , an F.B.I. informant set up five transactions with Mr. Radomski , through a mutual acquaintance in baseball .
During one conversation between the informant and that baseball source , the source said that if a professional baseball player was currently using performance - enhancing drugs , “ then that player likely would be getting it from Kirk Radomski . ”
The baseball source also called Radomski a “ major drug source in professional baseball , who took over after the Balco Laboratories individuals were taken down , ” in 2003 .
According to the affidavit , Mr. Radomski had accepted personal checks from his clients , but often cashed them instead of depositing them in his account , where they would leave a paper trail .
The affidavit listed 23 check transactions with names of current and former Major League Baseball players and their affiliates .
Those checks ranged from $ 200 to $ 3,500 .
Mr. Novitzky wrote that Mr. Radomski was running a cash business , for the most part .
Mr. Radomski ’s financial records from 2003 to 2005 were analyzed .
Major League Baseball did not have a steroid testing policy until 2003 and did not suspend any players for a positive test until 2005 .
Since then , 15 major leaguers have been suspended for violating the drug policy .
MORE INFO
Gun violence - Americans being killed by Americans , at work and at home
About 400 people per year , or about 5,000 people since the 9/11 attacks , are gunned down in the place they work .
Also , on average , there are 32 gun homicides each day in the U.S. ( read ) .
Alzheimer 's Disease and the Real Threat to Americans
- Alzheimer 's killed 83,308 Americans in 2010 ( read ) .
Terrorism killed 0 Americans in 2010 .
- The U.S. government spent about $ 0.5 billion on Alzheimer 's and related dementia research in 2011 ( read ) .
The U.S. government spends about 2,000 times that amount on military and homeland security .
Legal prescription painkillers kill an estimated 2 people every hour and send 40 more to emergency rooms with life - threatening overdoses ( read ) .
If the government were truly concerned about the possibility of Americans getting killed , then what are they doing about the things that actually kill Americans - see above graph , plus these :
" An estimated 15,000 Medicare patients die each month in part because of care they receive in the hospital , says a government study " ( read )
" Drivers distracted by talking or texting on cell phones killed an estimated 16,000 people from 2001 to 2007 " ( read )
Airport full - body scanners , invasive pat - downs and The REAL Threat to Americans
Americans are being told they may have to submit to either a full - body scan or invasive pat - down before boarding a flight , otherwise they will not be allowed to fly , will be fined , detained , and possible tried as a terrorist ( read ) .
Obama stands by these controversial air security screening methods - saying body scans and pat - downs are necessary ( read ) .
Two things come to mind : 1 ) " Terrorists " are not likely to target airplanes for an attack , given the security measures in place .
Softer targets such as airport parking garages , or baggage claim areas that have no screening methods would be more likely targets .
NASCAR races , state fairs , football stadiums , among other places would be more accessible if there were actually someone trying to kill Americans .
2 ) If the U.S. were really concerned about people wanting to kill Americans here , they would stop bombing and killing people in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Yemen and Somalia .
The Department of Homeland Security says full - body imaging is aimed at prevention .
If so , why do passengers on the 15,000 U.S. registered business aircraft escape screening ?
( read ) .
We know why , because it 's a hoax - a way to keep Americans scared so they approve of endless wars , torture and the smashing of our civil liberties , all the while the Pentagon and Homeland Security budgets get inflated and a lot of rich people make even more money .
As the ACLU said , " You should n't have to check your rights when you check your luggage . "
* Sources ( Figures based on 10 year estimates )
(1) Smoking related deaths : 443,000 / year due to cigarette smoking ( read ) and 49,400 / year due to second hand smoke ( read ) .
Note : an estimated 600,000 people worldwide die annually due to second hand smoke ( read ) .
(2) Obesity related deaths : 300,000 / year ( read )
(3) Deaths from medical mistakes : 225,000 / year ( read )
(4) Deaths due to lack of health care : 101,000 / year ( read )
(5) Americans murdered by other Americans : 16,500 / year ( read )
(6) Drunk driving deaths : 11,773 / year ( read )
(7) Pedestrians killed by automobiles : 4,300 / year ( read )
(8) Deaths on Sept. 11 ( read )
---
Please contact info@stpeteforpeace.org for more information .
More than gun control is needed to stop mass killing massacres in the U.S.
We face a barrage of fantasy violence on TV , in the movies and on video games , and our society seems to have become desensitized to brutality .
Our country is the world 's most violent in terms of warfare on other nations , thus violence is ingrained in our citizens as a means of conflict resolution .
The military is glamorized and people who choose a career in the armed services are viewed as heroes .
Behaving like your heroes includes killing people you believe are your enemies .
Individuals , particularly our youth , are cast aside by an American pop culture that ridicules those who do not look and act a certain way .
This isolates people and creates intense resentment and a need to be recognized in any way possible .
Financial pressures are so severe , and rampant consumerism adds to this pressure .
Eventually , some people can't take it anymore and decide to take out others who they feel contributed to their financial demise .
Americans are regularly told to fear Muslims from the Middle East .
But , with the exception of the Boston Marathon bombings , recent massacres in the U.S. have been carried out by non-Muslim U.S citizens
MORE
New Mexico teen accused of family slaughter loved ' violent ' video games , had no history of ' mental illness ' ( read ) .
Previous version ( 2008 )
Sources
( Figures based on 10 year estimates )
(1) Smoking related deaths : 4,000,000 due to smoking ( read ) and 384,000 due to second hand smoke ( read ) ( 2 ) Obesity related deaths ( read ) ( 3 ) Deaths from medical mistakes ( read ) ( 4 ) Deaths due to lack of healthcare ( read ) ( 5 ) Deaths caused by drunk driving ( read ) ( 6 ) Deaths by homicide ( read ) ( 7 ) Deaths on Sept. 11 ( read )
Previous version ( 2006 )
Sources
(1) CNN ( read ) ( 2 ) FBI ( read ) ( 3 ) National Center for Statistics and Analysis ( read ) ( 4 ) Institute of Medicine ( read ) ( 5 ) CDC ( read ) ( 6 ) American Foundation for Suicide Prevention ( read ) ( 7 ) American Cancer Society ( read ) ( 8 ) National Academy of Sciences ' Institute of Medicine ( read ) ( 9 ) Center for Disease Control ( CDC ) , NCHS Leading Causes of Death ( read ) ( 10 ) National Cancer Institute ( read ) ( 11 ) CDC , Smoking Attributable Deaths ( read ) ( 12 ) CDC , Cigarette Smoking - Related Mortality ( read )
info@stpeteforpeace.org
© 2013 St Pete for Peace |
All rights reserved
Hayes also interviewed Bush , who offers little insight but provides a stream of typically fractured syntax .
Here is the president on his differences with Cheney -- whose daughter Mary is a lesbian -- over the subject of gay marriage : " My only ask was that if his daughter doubted my tolerance to her orientation that I would hope that he would help make it clear to Mary that this is a -- I was just worried about -- the reason I 'd federalized the issue is because I was worried about the courts ' defining the issue and that we 'd end up with de facto marriage that was not traditionally defined , I guess is the best way to put it . "
From a WaPo review of a new book about Dick Cheney by Stephen F. Hayes : Hayes , of the Weekly Standard , seems to have been so intent to demonstrate access to the president that he neglected to do the merciful ( and professional ) thing which would have been to paraphrase the poor man 's quote , or to edit it out altogether .
CBSN Originals " Symbolic Justice "
With renewed calls for racial justice in America come fresh demands to take down Confederate monuments , rid sports teams of Native American mascots , and rebrand products that use racist caricatures .
But does the focus on imagery distract from the fight for systemic change ?
This CBSN Originals documentary explores the effectiveness of dismantling these symbols of the past in the push for a more equitable future .
中田敦氏は ，Office 97 で一度完成を迎えた Microsoft Office が，停滞を始めたのが Office 2000 であると指摘しています ．
Office 2000 には，「画面下のタスク・バーに，ファイルごとのウインドウが表示される」「クリップボードに最大12個のデータが格納できる」といった小粋な機能強化があった。しかし，「ツールバーやメニュー・バーに最小限の項目しか表示しない（メニューをすべて表示するためには矢印マークのクリックが必要）」「 Wordで『(1)』などの行頭番号を自動入力したり，行頭に1文字分スペースを入れた場合にそれをインデントとして自動設定するオート・コレクト」といった，ユーザーにとってはお節介とも言える新機能が目立ち始めた。
「 オート・コレクト 」 を Microsoft Word の使いにくさの筆頭に挙げる人は非常に多く，私の周囲でも大多数の人間がこれに該当しているようです．確かに私もこの機能はお節介だと思います．しかし，「全ての人にとってこの機能が役に立たないとは言い切れない」という本音を普段私が口にしないのは，世間話程度の文脈では「オート・コレクト＝悪」という文化コードができあがってしまっているからに過ぎません．UI の専門化でもなければ，この文章の入力支援という機能について一度に 5 分以上のまとまった思考時間を割くことすら，人生においてまれな経験ではないでしょうか．
さて ，Office に「オート・コレクト」が導入されたのは，1999 年 7 月発売の Office 2000 のことでした．奇しくも ，Visual C++ に IntelliSense が初めて導入された ，Visual C++ 6.0 の登場時期と良く一致しています．
興味深いことに ，IntelliSense もまた Visual C++ 6.0 の重要な新機能の筆頭に挙げられています．
MSDN ：今回は 、Microsoft の新しい Visual C++ 6.0 の開発を指揮した Sin Lew 氏にお話を伺います。それでは、まず大まかな質問から始めましょう。開発者が
Visual C++ 6.0 に関して知りたいと思われる、最も重要な新機能を手短に説明していただけますか？
Lew ： Visual C++ 6.0 には多数の重要な機能があります。これらは新しい
UI デザイン や
Web 統合に対応した MFC の強化から、新しい ATL ウィザードや ATL コントロールにまでおよんでいます。しかし 、Visual C++ の最も重要な新機能は、おそらく、「 Edit and Continue （編集して続ける） 」デバッギングと IntelliSense でしょう。 Edit and Continue デバッキングとは、ユーザーがデバッガの中でコードを変更したりバグを修正したりできる機能です。デバッグの後は、プログラムを停止したり、再コンパイルや再ビルドをして、アプリケーションを停止したときの状態まで戻したりしなくても、実行を継続できるのです。
IntelliSense は、必要な時に適切な情報が手に入るようにするテクノロジです。これは大事なことです。IntelliSense はユーザーがプログラムを組んでいて、クラスのメソッドやインターフェイスを使おうとしたときに、これらの情報を提供してくれます。IntelliSense はメソッドの機能を教えてくれ、コメントがあればそれを示し、メソッドが受け取るパラメータまでユーザーに見せてくれます。その場でこういった情報が得られるのです。作業を中断して別なことをする必要がないので、作業の流れが途切れません。
率直に言って ，Microsoft Word の「オート・コレクト」が目指していた方向性と，ここに挙げられた
IntelliSense のメリットに，それほど大きな違いがあるようには思えません．両者ともに「作業を中断して別なことをする必要がない」こと，つまりタイピングし続けられることに価値を見出していたはずです．それでも両者の評価がこれほど分かれてしまったのは，いわゆる人が読むための文章の入力と，検証を経て完成するプログラミングという作業の根本的な違い，それから入力後に自動で変更を行う「オート・コレクト」と，予測入力を能動的に選択する補完機能の違いといった，比較的マイナーな，しかし本質的な点で異なっていたためかもしれません．両者の間で実装コストや，テストの難しさはそれ程大きな差はないかもしれませんが，世間の評価がこれほど異なってしまうというのはまさに「使いどころ」と微妙な微妙な「さじ加減」を誤ったとしか言いようがない気がします．
さらに ，Visual Studio シリーズの中では入力支援で先行していると言われる
Visual Basic や，同じく手厚い入力支援にファンの多い Eclipse では，入力ミスをすぐに教えてくれたり，エラーを自動で修正してくれたりといった，まさに「オート・コレクト」の開発環境版とでも言うべき機能が拡充されてきています．こうなってくると，単に能動的な予測入力だから受け入れられたとも言い難くなってきます．また，Visual Studio 2005 のあちこちで『スマートタグ』が使われるようになったことも変化の方向性を暗示しています．
例え ば「 C# と VB.NET の質問掲示板 」，『VB.net と C# の違いとは？』より．
このスレッドでのトピックは Visual Basic 対 C# ですが ，Eclipse 対 Visual Studio でも同様の議論をずいぶんと見てきました．もちろん，これらの機能を「お節介」ととらえる人は常にいるわけですが，それは
Microsoft Word の「オート・コレクト」のように，10 対 0 で満場一致の全否定というレベルではなく，グダグダと雑談が続く程度には双方に賛同者が見つかるようです．
Office 2007 が普及すれば，見た目がとても美しい 「 どこかで見たようなプレゼンテーション 」 や「どこかで見たような表やテーブル」，「どこかで見たようなWord文書」が，氾濫するかもしれない。結果指向のUIに慣れ親めば親しむほど，ユーザーはテンプレートに頼って文書や図表を作成するようになるからだ。 とはい えOffice 2007のテンプレート至上主義が悪いとは言い切れない。「学ぶ」ことは「真似る」ことから始まるという。今まで無味乾燥な文書だけ作っていたユーザーが，見た目の美しい文書を作れるようになることは，十分な価値がある。少なくとも，かつてのユーザーを邪魔する自動入力機能の追加に比べれば，よほど意味がある進化と言えるだろう。
さて，冒頭で取り上げた中田氏の記事は，こう結ばれています．
この方向についても，全くもってどこかで見た議論なのがおもしろいところです．「ウィザードによるひな形の生成は悪か？」，「クラスウィザードでメソッドを追加するぐらいならエディタで書いた方が早い」みたいな議論がプログラミングの世界でも延々と続いていることは，しばらくプログラミングコミュニティにいれば気付くことができるでしょう．さて，この点について 1 つ．
良くも悪くも，多数派は 「 真似る」ことで「学ん」だ人たちです．例えばあまりにも多くの
PowerPoint 文章が，物事を箇条書きで整理すれば問題はすぐに解決するかのように振る舞ったため，大学の講義がただただあの見慣れた箇条書きを流すだけのものになってしまっても，今やほとんどの人がそれを普通として受け入れるようになりました．これによって得たものと失ったものを考えるのに後 5 分の時間を許すなら，ぜひ次の文章を一読されることをおすすめします．
『 PowerPoint絶対主義 , Ian Parker 』
Lawmakers far outpace most Americans in benefits WASHINGTON ( AP )  Members of Congress occasionally lose elections , but they never lose retirement and health benefits that most Americans can only envy .
A lawmaker who retires at 60 after just 12 years in office can count on receiving an immediate pension of $ 25,000 a year and lifetime benefits that could total more than $ 800,000 .
That does n't include 401 ( k ) benefits .
And any member who lasts five years in office also can get taxpayer - subsidized health care until he or she reaches Medicare age .
Congressional pensions tend to be far more generous than those offered in the private sector .
Benefits start earlier and — unlike most private pension plans promising a fixed monthly payment based on years worked and pay — come with annual cost - of - living increases .
They also accrue a third faster than the average plan offered by private companies .
Any member of Congress with five years of service is eligible for full benefits at 62 .
Those with 20 years in office can get full benefits at 50 , younger than most workers .
Cost - of - living adjustments , a shield against inflation , " have n't been slightly common since the 1980s " in the private sector , said John Ehrhardt , an expert in corporate retirement programs at the Seattle - based consulting and actuarial firm Milliman .
He said COLAs could add 25 % to the value of a congressional plan over its lifetime .
It does n't matter what a lawmaker does before or after leaving office .
Former Rep. Randy " Duke " Cunningham , R - Calif. , who was sentenced to eight years and four months in jail after pleading guilty to bribery charges this year , is still entitled to an annual pension of about $ 36,000 for his 15 years in the House .
That does n't include his military pension or 401 ( k ) benefits .
Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , R - Texas , who is resigning after 22 years , will qualify for an initial pension of $ 56,000 , provided he joined the pension system when he first entered Congress .
DeLay could get pension payments of nearly $ 2 million over his expected lifetime , according to the National Taxpayers Union , which tracks congressional pension issues .
Lawmakers also have the peace of mind of knowing their federally backed plan will be there when they retire .
" I do n't think that many people in Congress would be quite so indifferent to the demise of the defined - benefit plan if they did n't have such a robust plan themselves , " said James Klein , president of the American Benefits Council , which represents companies with pension plans .
Congress is now working on pension legislation aimed at shoring up the defined - benefit plans available to some 44 million employees and retirees , but there 's no stopping the trend of companies shrinking their plans or not letting new hires join them .
Employers also are switching to less costly cash balance plans , under which employees generally receive one lump - sum payment when they retire or leave the company .
Rep. Bernard Sanders of I - Vt. , is a critic of the cash balance plans that the House bill would encourage .
In 2003 he asked the Congressional Research Service to see what would happen to lawmakers ' benefits under such an approach .
" The result would have been huge cutbacks for some members , " Sanders said in a recent interview .
For example , say a representative retired at 56 at the end of 2002 with 18 years of service .
At 62 he or she would have a defined benefit plan worth $ 608,000 .
A comparable cash balance plan would be worth $ 251,000 .
Under current rules , lawmakers who serve 30 years will receive a yearly pension of 44 % of their annual pay , which this year is $ 165,200 .
That does n't include their Social Security benefits and what they get back from their 401 ( k ) plans .
Like other federal workers in the Thrift Savings Plan , the government 's equivalent of a 401 ( k ) , lawmakers may invest up to $ 14,000 yearly , more if they 're over 50 , and receive a contribution from the government equal to 5 % of their pay .
Older lawmakers , who were in office before the rules were changed two decades ago , can receive even higher pensions , though their Social Security is less .
Rep. Henry Hyde , R - Ill. , who is retiring at the end of this session after three decades in the House , will receive a pension of $ 119,000 a year , according to the National Taxpayers Union , an interest group that keeps track .
Ted Stevens , R - Alaska , a senator for 38 years , would be eligible for $ 125,000 if he retired at the end of his current term .
He has a higher salary as Senate Pro Tem .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , R - Tenn. , a multimillionaire physician who is stepping down after 12 years , can expect an initial pension of $ 23,000 in 2007 .
With his thrift plan investments , Frist 's estimated lifetime benefits will be around $ 1 million , the NTU says .
Former presidents , for comparison , receive a taxable pension equal to the base pay of Cabinet secretaries , currently $ 183,500 .
The Congressional Research Service , in a study of member retirement benefits updated last year , quoted a Senate report from 1946 , the year Congress extended the federal pension system to lawmakers :
The retirement plan , it said , " would contribute to independence of thought and action ( and be ) an inducement for retirement for those of retiring age or with other infirmities . "
" Sixty years of results have shown that experiment to be an utter failure , " commented Peter Sepp , a spokesman for the National Taxpayers Union .
The average age of senators in the current Congress is 60.4 years , the oldest in history , according to the CRS .
The average age of House members is 55 years , also probably the oldest ever , the CRS said .
Congress ' pension system was overhauled in 1983 , when the Social Security Act was changed to require federal employees , including members of Congress , to participate in Social Security .
Those elected in 1984 or later , under what is now called the Federal Employees ' Retirement System or FERS , get smaller pensions than their more senior colleagues .
But they also get bigger Social Security checks .
The CRS said that as of October 2002 , there were 340 retired members receiving pensions under the pre-1984 system averaging $ 55,800 a year .
There were also 71 who retired with service under both systems or only FERS , with annual benefits of $ 41,900 .
The total cost of the pension program for members of Congress is estimated at $ 25 million a year .
Sepp said his group 's figures show that lawmakers ' contributions to the FERS defined benefit plan cover about 20 % of the typical lifetime payout .
Lawmakers send 1.3 % of their annual pay into the FERS pension plan , and the government adds 15.8 % .
Other federal workers contribute 0.8 % , and the government adds 10.7 % of their pay .
One lawmaker who wo n't be getting the benefits is Rep. Howard Coble , R - N.C. , who since his election in 1984 has declined participation in either the pension or the thrift savings plan and has tried , without success , to eliminate or scale them back .
" He thought taxpayers should not have to subsidize retirement programs for people who run for public office , " said his spokesman , Ed McDonald .
But he 's " given up on trying to reform the system . "
The recent flurry of legislative action in the wake of the Cunningham and lobbying controversies has produced several proposals to deny pensions to those convicted of felonies .
Currently , an act of treason is one of the few ways a House member or senator can lose a pension .
Members of Congress also participate in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program or FEHB , which covers some 8 million federal workers .
The FEHB is lauded as a model for a large - scale comprehensive health care plan , and lawmakers are frequently criticized for failing to come up with a comparable system for the tens of millions of Americans without adequate health care .
The key ingredient of the FEHB , said Robert Moffit , director of health policy studies at the Heritage Foundation , is " the government does n't force you into some kind of straitjacket . "
Participants choose from about a dozen fee - for - service plans , plus several hundred HMO plans and , more recently , health savings accounts paired with high - deductible health plans .
The government pays an average 72 % of premiums , less than the average 82 % that employers in the private sector paid in 2003 , according to a Labor Department survey .
Retiring legislators , as well as other federal workers , can continue to participate after just five years of enrollment , and the government continues to pick up 72 % of the premiums .
Once 65 and eligible for Medicare , they can still buy so - called wraparound plans to fill any gaps in coverage .
Current members can also purchase top - of - the - line care , using their FEHB benefits , at Washington 's military hospitals , and for an annual fee , now $ 480 , can drop by the Attending Physician 's Office in the first floor of the U.S. Capitol for X - rays , EKGs , physical exams and consultations .
Copyright 2006 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
free speech flag
Our government has become increasingly willing to sacrifice the rights of its citizens at the altar of corporate greed .
As ridiculous as it sounds , even numbers have become “ intellectual property ” that corporations can claim ownership of .
We here at Badmouth think that idea stinks .
We want to start a movement , a movement to reclaim personal liberties and decorporatize the laws of our nation .
To that end we have made a flag , a symbol to show support for personal freedoms .
Spread it as far and wide as you can .
We give this flag away freely , and also give away the rights for people to make similar , derivative works .
the colors of the flag are ( in hex code format ) :
# 09F911 #029D74 # E35BD8 #4156C5 #635688
The letters “ C0 ” are added to signify that simply publishing a number is “ Crime Zero . ”
Spread the word .
Great programmers are orders of magnitude more productive than merely good programmers .
It ’s like basketball players .
Michael Jordan is n’t just 20 % or 50 % or 100 % better and more useful to his team than you or I would be ; he ’s simply in another league ( or was ) .
The best thing you can do to make your technology - based company succeed is hire ( or outsource to ) a great programmer .
Second best thing ( Mary might disagree ) is get a great marketing person but that ’s another topic for another day .
Today ’s post is about the person who will build the better mouse trap for you .
Question came up when I was consulting to a development manager at a tech company .
He told me that the CEO , his boss , would n’t give him the salary and option freedom he needed to close a great programmer he ’d found .
Salary would have been 20 % above what he had approval to offer ; and , thanks to the new accounting standards for stock options , he did n’t have the authority to offer options .
He lost the potential new hire and had to settle for someone merely “ good ” .
Ironic thing is that he had several open positions so , once he gets through hiring several people , he ’ll end up paying more in the aggregate than he would have paid for the superstar – and probably wo n’t get as much productivity .
I suggested that he make a deal with his boss : put a cap on total budget but not individual salary .
Let him , the manager , decide whether to put his budget into one or more superstars or a gaggle of good players .
Alternatively , promise to produce more with the same budget if only he can have freedom from salary caps .
He promised to take my advice but too soon to know if it ’ll work out .
But why is a great programmer worth fifty good ones ?
It all has to do with the interfaces .
If one person can do a whole project , there is a whole layer of complexity , documented interfaces , and misunderstandings that is eliminated compared to having two or more people working on the project .
Meetings do n’t have to happen ; schedules do n’t have to be synched ; joint - testing and finger pointing over faults does n’t happen .
No personality conflicts , either .
The actual amount of work required to do the project is much less when it is being done by one person .
Also management time is reduced .
So , suppose your typical project ( I know there ’s no such thing ) needs to get done in a month .
If you have programmers who , working alone , could do this project in two months and the deadline is real , my guess is that you ’ll have to assign four of them plus a manager to get done in a month .
Such is the inefficiency of multiperson projects .
But , if you have a superstar who can do the whole thing in a month , you only have to assign the superstar .
You also get better odds of actually finishing on time AND get better , more maintainable code .
Now how much more is the superstar worth than the merely “ good ” programmer ?
But there is more to the productivity gap than just avoiding multiperson projects , as important as that avoidance is .
A great programmer , working alone , is usually orders of magnitude faster than a good programmer also working alone .
If you ’ve ever had a superstar working for you , you ’re probably used to leaving him or her behind in the office when you go home – if you ’re the CEO of a startup you do n’t go home that early – and finding him or her in the office when you arrive .
If it ’s a him , the stubble ’s a giveaway ; women cover up a little better .
A superstar prefers to work in at least twenty - four if not forty - eight or even seventy - two hour spurts .
Again , it ’s the interfaces : it ’s very expensive to put something down , go home , sleep , wake - up , and then recover all the loose ends .
The first half of writing a program creates almost all loose ends ; the second half is tying them back up .
Like surgery .
If a programmer has the skill and physical stamina for marathon gulps of creativity , then there are many fewer times when the non-productive work of putting stuff away neatly ( mentally ) and picking it up again has to happen .
For similar reasons , one - person debugging is best done when you can crawl inside the code and stay there until you ’re done .
Now , unfortunately , this kind of endurance is a young person ’s game .
Michael Jordan is n’t in the NBA anymore .
I ca n’t stay up seventy - two hours anymore , not even forty - eight .
And I ca n’t program nearly as well as I used to .
Older programmers can be craftier , though , just like older athletes .
Remember , productivity is n’t measured in lines of code , far from it .
Too many lines of code is the hallmark of an unskilled journeyman .
Productivity is measured in terms of how little time it takes to create how many great things that actually work .
So the third reason that superstar programmers are superstars – after the ability to do huge project alone and at a single bound – is a canny knack for the smallest solution .
I posted about super debuggers here and posted a phrase - book of programmer - speak .
How programmers can manage their non-technical CEOs is here ; managing technical CEOs is here .
The character Dom Montain in my novel hackoff.com : an historic murder mystery set in the Internet bubble and rubble ( hackoff.com is an anti-hacker software company ) is a super hacker which is , of course , a sub - breed of super programmer .
He won the freshman robotics contest at Caltech before dropping out to write video games .
You can read or listen to the novel free at www.hackoff.com.
Here ’s a puzzle for superstar programmer types :
What ’s the general algorithm for the longest running , non-infinite program on any digital computer ?
Obviously , no I - O of any kind is allowed nor may a clock be queried .
You can assume that the computer will continue to function for as long as necessary and you can ignore quantum uncertainty ( I know that was worrying you ) .
Hopefully , someone ’ll answer in a comment but , if not , I ’ll post the answer some day .
I recall Congressman Luis Gutierrez ( who , here 's my prediction , will run again in 2008 ) at a town hall meeting in 1993 or 1994 on Chicago public television called for abolishing the insurance companies and the crowd , previously passive and polite in that public television way , erupted in applause .
The host ( probably John Callaway ) asked for calm and then asked the insurance company spokesperson to justify the industry 's existence .
" What do you do ? " he asked .
" Spread risk " was the answer .
That 's it .
The health insurance guy could have said " suck resources out of health care like a parasitic middleman to build skyscrapers , run commercials and make our investors rich " which would have been more honest , but the economic basis for the health insurance industry 's existence is " to spread risk . "
Well , you spread risk by getting a bunch of people in the same big pool .
So if there are 5 people in a small business who are paying for their own health care and one of them gets cancer or gets hit by a bus , then those 5 people have a lot of money to pay .
The goal is to get 10,000 people in a big pool so when someone gets cancer , the cost is absorbed and spread out among everyone .
I 've got a big pool we should all get into : Americans .
The whole country should be one big pool .
That 's what we do with Americans over the age of 65 .
It 's called Medicare .
And there is n't any role for private health insurance companies to make money .
That 's why it 's so cheap to administer .
I wish I had access to Medicare .
I pay Medicare taxes .
Why can't I have Medicare coverage ?
Because for people under 65 , we have to make health insurance companies rich to get access to the doctors and hospitals .
The best thing we could do for our economy is expand Medicare for everybody to end medical bankruptcies and encourage small businesses to grow ( who now have to make insurance companies rich ) .
Cross -posted at djwinfo
Prince Yamato of Japan is often considered the first ninja , although he did n't adopt the stealthy tactics .
PNC / Getty Images
Secretive and silent , the ninja stalks through Japanese history like a shadow , striking fear into the hearts of peasants and emperors alike .
Today , the ninja has become a legendary , cult - like figure , showing up in computer games and children 's cartoons , as well as an entire genre of martial - arts action films .
­ But who were the real ninja ?
Where did they come from , and what purpose did they serve ?
In this article , we 'll peer into the murky shadows of ninja history , separate fact from fiction , and examine the weapons and skills that made ninja some of the most fearsome assassins in the world .
­­
Advertisement
June 8th , 2007
A much better use , do n’t you think ?
Five things that sucked about Lord of the Rings .
1 . It did n't have Lo Pan in it .
That 's right .
I 'm talking about the perpetuator of ass kicking himself , Lo Pan from Big Trouble in Little China : one of the best movies ever made .
Lo Pan , for those of you who are adept at depriving yourselves of things that rule , is an evil war lord cursed to roam the world in spirit form .
Basically he runs around stomping people 's holes who piss him off ( which happens to be everyone ) .
Lo Pan does n't take shit from anyone ; exactly the kind of character Lord of the Rings needed .
If I directed the movie , I 'd have casted Lo Pan as the lead , instead of that pussy Frodo .
With Lo Pan in the movie , it would have been about 5 minutes long : first scene would have been Lo Pan ruining everyone 's shit , killing all the babies and then spiking midgets off the ground .
Oh man .
2 . Not enough lesbians .
In fact , there were n't any .
So I paid $ 7 to see a movie with really high acclaim and great reviews ; surely it was reasonable to assume that a movie of such supposedly high caliber must have lesbians in it .
Expecting a solid two hours of lesbian mud wrestling , I was rendered impotent by chunky midgets with hairy feet instead .
What the hell ?
I 'm not the only one who feels the lack of lesbians hurt the movie overall .
In fact , I overheard a lady behind me whispering to her boyfriend " no lesbians ?
this is bullshit ! "
I want my 8 hours of my life back .
Which leads me to my next point ...
3 . The movie was actually longer than the book ( go figure ) .
In the time it took to watch this movie , I could have read the book , filed my tax return , proved the Riemann Zeta hypothesis and still had time to write a page about how boring the movie was .
This is a picture of me during the movie that my friend took ; this movie was so boring that I turned into a middle - aged black woman when I fell asleep .
Damn .
It seems like every time some long - ass boring movie comes out , everyone gives it rave reviews ( except for that dog shit Water World , not that I 've seen it asshole ) .
If this movie was any longer , it might have even been a contender for the longest movie ever made : Brave Heart .
I have the attention span of a Fox News reporter when it comes to watching movies , and I was bored to tears near the end , and at the beginning ... and during the middle part .
4 . The king of Fairies was accidentally miscast as the king of men .
King of men my ass .
This chump change was pissing me off left and right during the movie .
" I 'm afraid of the temptation ..
I 'm afraid ... boo hoo , I 'm a sissy boy , do n't give me the ring , I might start wetting the bed again . "
What a pussy .
If there was an Ogre about to kick my ass , which is impossible to imagine because I 'm so tough that I can rip a phone book in half with my eye lids , I would n't let this nancy defend me .
" Piss off Fairy King , I 'd rather die . "
5 . It did n't have the Gandalf pimping scene in it .
Am I the only one who noticed that the entire Gandalf pimping scene was missing from the movie ?
I 'm talking about the scene in which Gandalf happens across a magic crate full of enchanted pimp armor .
The armor renders the wearer into a super - suave womanizing sex machine .
After Gandalf discovers the magic garments , he journeys to the land of the golden shower on a pilgrimage of self - discovery to unleash the true power of his staff .
During his quest , he 's accompanied by his friend from the east side , Cop Killa .
Together they bring down the law and clean house on an illegal pimping monopoly which dominates the market of fine Hobbit bitches in Hobbitville .
2,072,741 people died of boredom while watching Lord of the Rings .
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
Tags
In a high - profile research paper titled " Understanding the Evolving Inflation Process , " published recently , a group of private - sector and academic economists have endorsed the Fed 's policy of price stability and transparency as an important tool in keeping inflation at bay .
Economists have however , warned the Fed not to rely too much on inflationary expectations as the main tool for controlling inflation .
The writers of the paper maintain that their research shows that inflationary expectations actually do n't cause inflation , but that things are the other way around .
The heart of their analysis is a modified Phillips Curve equation , which is labeled the New Keynesian Phillips Curve ( NKPC ) .
What drives the inflationary process in this way of thinking is expected inflation , past inflation , the real output gap and some disturbances , i.e. , irregular events .
In this way of thinking an increase in the output gap — i.e. a relative increase in actual output versus potential output — gives rise to inflationary pressures .
Using the NKPC and two other equations that deal with the output gap and interest rate determination , the researchers have made an attempt to explain the reason behind the great inflation between the mid-1960s and the late 1970s .
The economists have also produced an explanation for the fall in the pace of inflation since the early 1980s .
The reason for the great inflation , according to the paper , is the lack of willingness on behalf of Fed officials back then to stick to the goal of keeping prices stable .
While the reason for moderate inflation since the 1980s , according to these economists , is central bankers commitment to price stability .
Despite the use of sophisticated mathematical and statistical techniques , the research paper never gets to the heart of the phenomenon of inflation .
Also , the paper deals with the description of price changes without acknowledging any role that money might have had in these changes .
The entire framework is based on a dubious modified Phillips curve and a black - box , time - series analysis .
Whilst the research paper mentions extensively the word " inflation , " it never even attempts to define this term .
The lack of a clear identification of what inflation is all about casts doubt on various conclusions that the writers of this paper have reached .
Covering undefined terms with mathematical dressing cannot make the analysis more meaningful if the object of the analysis is not clearly identified .
Defining inflation
The subject matter of inflation is the debasement of money .
For instance , historically inflation originated when a ruler would force the citizens to give him all the gold coins under the pretext that a new gold coin was going to replace the old one .
In the process , the king would falsify the content of the gold coins by mixing it with some other metal and return to the citizens diluted gold coins .
On account of the dilution of the gold coins , the ruler could now mint a greater amount of coins for his own use .
( He could now divert real resources to himself ) .
In short , what was now passing as a pure gold coin was in fact a diluted gold coin .
The expansion in the diluted coins that masquerade as pure gold coins is what inflation is all about .
As a result of inflation , the ruler could engage in an exchange of nothing for something .
Under the gold standard , the technique of abusing the medium of the exchange became much more advanced through the issuance of paper money unbacked by gold .
Inflation therefore means here an increase in the amount of paper receipts that are not backed by gold yet masquerade as true representatives of money proper , gold .
Again the holder of unbacked money can now engage in an exchange of nothing for something .
In the modern world the money proper is no longer gold but rather paper money hence inflation in this case is purely the increase in the stock of paper money .
Please note we do n't say as monetarists are saying that the increase in the money supply causes inflation .
What we are saying is that inflation is the increase in the money supply .
Once it is established that the subject matter of inflation is the expansion of the money stock , we can attempt to ascertain whether the Fed is an inflation fighter .
Monetary inflation and prices
Most economists and commentators define inflation as a general rise in prices , which is summarized by the so - called consumer price index ( CPI ) .
While a general rise in prices may be associated with inflation , it is however not inflation .
What is the price of a good ?
It is the amount of money asked per unit of a good .
( Observe that without money one cannot even begin to discuss what prices are . )
Now , if for a given stock of goods an increase in the money supply occurs , this would mean that more money is going to be exchanged for a given stock of goods .
Obviously then the purchasing power of money is going to fall , i.e. , the prices of goods are going to increase ( more money per unit of a good ) .
In short , in this case inflation is associated with the general increase in prices .
But now consider the following case : the rate of growth in money is in line with the rate of growth in goods .
Consequently , there is no change in prices of goods .
Do we have inflation here or do n't we ?
For most economists , if an increase in the money supply is exactly matched by the increase in the production of goods , then this is fine , since no increase in general prices has taken place and therefore no inflation has emerged .
We suggest that this way of thinking is false since inflation has taken place , i.e. , the money supply has increased .
This increase cannot be undone by the corresponding increase in the production of goods and services .
For instance , once a king has created more diluted gold coins that masquerade as pure gold coins he be able to exchange nothing for something irrespective of the rate of growth of the production of goods .
In short , regardless of what the production of goods is doing , the king is now engaging in an exchange of nothing for something , i.e. , diverting resources to himself by paying nothing in return .
The same logic can be applied to money paper inflation .
The exchange of nothing for something that the expansion of money sets in motion cannot be undone by the increase in the production of goods .
The increase in money supply — i.e. , the increase in inflation — is going to set in motion all the negative side effects that money printing does , including the menace of the boom - bust cycle , regardless of the increase in the production of goods .
For mainstream economists , an increase in economic activity is almost always seen as a trigger for a general rise in prices , which they erroneously label inflation .
But why should an increase in the production of goods lead to a general increase in prices ?
If the money stock stays intact , then we will have here a situation of less money per unit of a good — a fall in prices .
This conclusion is not affected even if the so - called economy operates very close to " potential output " ( another dubious term used by mainstream economists ) .
Only if the pace of money expansion surpasses the pace of increase in the production of goods will we have a general increase in prices .
Note that this increase is only on account of the inflation of money and not on account of the increase in the production of goods .
Another popular explanation for a general rise in prices is the increase in wages once the economy is close to the potential output .
If the amount of money remains unchanged then it is not possible to raise all the prices of goods and wages .
So again the trigger for a general rise in prices has to be monetary expansion .
Having established that inflation means monetary expansion , we suggest that the key factor behind the acceleration in prices in the period of mid ' 60s to late ' 70s is the strong monetary expansion in that period .
In relation to its 12 - month moving average , our measure of money AMS followed an exponential path ( see chart ) .
For instance , in August 1969 the differential between the AMS and its 12 - mma stood at negative 0.5 against positive differential of 21 in December 1979 .
It is therefore not a big surprise that the gap between the CPI and its 12 - month moving average jumped to 4 by December 1979 from 0.9 in August 1969 ( see chart ) .
In contrast , since 1980 monetary expansion has not been as aggressive relative to its 12 - month moving average .
In relation to its 12 - month moving average , AMS has been trend - less ( see chart ) .
So it is not surprising that the CPI in relation to its 12 - month moving average has also been trend - less ( see chart ) .
The introduction of new technology has probably given a boost to the production of goods , which in turn has contributed to the lowering of the general increase in prices .
Another positive is the strong increase in the supply of goods from various economies such as the former Soviet block and China .
Contrary to popular thinking , the Fed 's preoccupation with price stability , by keeping the rate increases in the CPI at a particular acceptable range , can actually generate nasty surprises .
For instance , as a result of strong monetary expansion and a correspondingly strong increase in the production of goods , prices remain stable .
Notwithstanding this stability , various nasty side effects that emanate from monetary expansion are likely to emerge .
Hence we suggest that Fed policy makers should pay close attention to the sources of monetary inflation rather than focusing on the symptoms of inflation .
On this Rothbard wrote ,
The fact that general prices were more or less stable during the 1920s told most economists that there was no inflationary threat , and therefore the events of the Great Depression caught them completely unaware .
Similarly Mises explained in his essay " Inflation : An Unworkable Fiscal Policy , "
Inflation , as this term was always used everywhere and especially in this country , means increasing the quantity of money and bank notes in circulation and the quantity of bank deposits subject to check .
But people today use the term " inflation " to refer to the phenomenon that is an inevitable consequence of inflation , that is the tendency of all prices and wage rates to rise .
The result of this deplorable confusion is that there is no term left to signify the cause of this rise in prices and wages .
There is no longer any word available to signify the phenomenon that has been , up to now , called inflation . …
As you cannot talk about something that has no name , you can not fight it .
Those who pretend to fight inflation are in fact only fighting what is the inevitable consequence of inflation , rising prices .
Their ventures are doomed to failure because they do not attack the root of the evil .
They try to keep prices low while firmly committed to a policy of increasing the quantity of money that must necessarily make them soar .
As long as this terminological confusion is not entirely wiped out , there can not be any question of stopping inflation .
But if the Fed were to acknowledge that inflation is actually printing money , then it would mean that the US central bank is not an inflation fighter but is itself the key source of inflation .
After all , without the Fed 's monetary expansion , the whole machinery of inflation would have fallen apart .
In new book , White House reporter Helen Thomas calls Bush press secretaries ' robots ' ' spouting nonsense ' RAW STORY
Published : Thursday June 1 , 2006 Print This | Email This New to RAW STORY ?
Check out our latest : Poll : Americans rate Bush worst president in 60 years
In a RAW STORY exclusive excerpt from her new book , White House columnist Helen Thomas calls Bush press secretaries ' robots ' ' spouting nonsense ' and dubs Bush 's press team ' Orwellian . '
Thomas has covered the White House since 1960 and is now a columnist for Hearst .
From pages 36 - 37 and 52 - 56 of Watchdogs of Democracy by Helen Thomas , which hits bookstores June 15 . #
For many reporters , the White House beat was nirvana -- the top of the mark .
More than any president , we came to know and size up the press secretaries .
My favorites had wit , warmth , and compassion , understanding that each -- press secretary and reporter -- had a role to play .
The country was best served when the press secretary also understood he or she was dealing with the nation 's business , operating as a publicist for the president .
I have always thought that the job of White House press secretary is the toughest position after the presidency itself .
In fact , an impossible job might be a better description because the press secretary is caught between two worlds -- an administration that wants to paint a rosy picture , no matter what the facts , and a skeptical , perhaps cynical press corps that is seeking truthful answers .
Faced often with this dilemma and with job survival at stake , most press secretaries have opted for the political rule : to get along is to go along with whatever the president or his top aides want publicly said -- whether it 's right or wrong .
Unfortunately , too few who have served in that exalted office have risen to the occasion and been willing to defy the Oval Office in the interests of honesty .
Integrity , credibility , perhaps a good conscience , and definitely a sense of humor are the qualities that make a great press secretary , in my opinion .
That is why there have been so few .
The press secretaries I have observed over the years take the White House podium with the best of intentions , assuming they do not have a built - in hostility to the media after the long , hard road to the White House .
I have even heard them say , " I will never lie to you . "
I smile when I hear that .
I do believe , however , that some kept that promise , knowing how fast a lie can catch up to them , even defying presidents who wanted to shade the truth .
My criticism of the press secretaries in the Bush - 2 administration is that they are robots parroting the party line , on message word for word .
They are afraid to deviate even when they are spouting nonsense .
They stay on one page , no matter what the question .
Pleasing their president too often means more to them than their questionable responsibility to the American people ; to democracy itself .
They define it as loyalty to the boss , but they owe a higher loyalty to the country , in my opinion .
Dissembling and avoiding the truth does not engender trust or respect .
It harms the nation .
I endeared myself to President Bush - 2 and his press secretary when Bush dropped into the pressroom a couple of weeks after taking office in his first term .
He dutifully went down the line of reporters in the front row , where I had retained my seat on the basis of seniority .
They were the regulars for the national television networks and the wire services , Associated Press and Reuters .
Each of those reporters asked about Bush 's top - priority tax cuts .
When the new president got to me I asked , " Mr. President , why do n't you respect the wall of separation of church and state ? "
It was as if I had physically struck him .
He drew back and said , " I do , " to which I responded , " If you did , you would not have a religious office in the White House .
You are secular ? "
" I am secular , " he insisted .
A few hours later , I received a telephone call from Press Secretary Ari Fleischer , who said , " What 's the idea of blindsiding the president ? "
I responded that I had asked a legitimate question .
I was soon to become persona non grata in the eyes of the Bush administration as I committed many more " heresies " with my questions , columns , and opinions .
Many who have served in the role of press secretary are true believers , of course -- believers , that is , in the president and his course of action .
But in the Bush - 2 regime , it was a job requirement .
Even though it was a prerequisite for the job , many should have been more troubled .
Such a man was Ari Fleischer , first press secretary to President Bush - 2 .
His clone , Scott McClellan , was even more programmed , his answers even more automated .
Fleischer started his job by saying he was an " advocate , " but that in itself raised the question whether he could be fair and let the facts prevail .
The question was answered in hundreds of his morning " gaggles " and afternoon televised briefings .
Truth took a holiday .
The Bush - 2 spokesmen were predictable and Orwellian .
They lived in fear that there would be a news leak , which made Bush apoplectic , not the first president with such a reaction .
Fleischer and McClellan marched in lockstep in the most secretive administration in modern history .
But even Fleischer realized he had overstepped his bounds when he told reporters that some in the White House were noting their comments and they should " watch what they say . "
Reporters practically leaped out of their seats .
" What did you say ? " they demanded in chorus .
Looking abashed , he quickly left the podium .
Sometimes he was even laughed off the podium , but not often .
Fleischer was articulate and had perfected the proverbial game of ducking and dodging when questions became too tough .
In the long run-up to the invasion of Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , Fleischer intoned repeatedly from the podium " 9/11 Saddam Hussein , " a significant staple dating back to World War II .
Repetition is the key marker of falsehoods .
For months , Fleischer railed against Saddam Hussein's " weapons of mass destruction " following the lead of President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney , and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice .
Shameless , deliberate misinformation was dispensed day after day to the American people that led to a war that Bush had wanted since the day he entered the White House .
In the epilogue to his book Taking Heat , Fleischer confessed casually , " We never did find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Although we found old artillery shells with traces of sarin gas and other chemicals , we have yet to discover any of the chemical or biological stockpiles we thought we would discover there .
Yet , President Bush still won reelection . "
Two American task forces , under David Kay and later Charles Duelfer , spent millions of dollars and months in Iraq and found no unconventional weapons .
Their findings verified what the United Nations inspectors , headed by Hans Blix , had tried in vain to convey to the world .
" I said from the White House podium on many occasions that we knew Saddam Hussein possessed chemical weapons .
I said we knew Saddam possessed biological weapons , " Fleischer continued in his book .
Any remorse at the falsehoods ?
Hell , no .
After blaming faulty intelligence and some other world leaders who thought Iraq possessed the doomsday weapons , Fleischer said , " The Bush administration may have been wrong about Saddam 's capabilities , but we were n't wrong about his intentions . "
Mind reader Fleischer said that Saddam was simply " biding his time " before confronting the West and Israel with the deadly weapons .
Nice going , Ari .
It certainly set the tone for press secretaries anointed to warm up the crowd for war .
Fleischer and McClellan obviously did not see themselves as public servants .
Nor did they aspire to such a delusion .
McClellan was unflappable in defending the indefensible at times .
I am , however , critical of the media for taking too long to challenge the administration on the war , to ask the tough questions , to stop accepting at face value the administration 's stands on war justification , human rights , and international cooperation , including violations of the Geneva Convention .
But , then , in bashing the press , I come down even harder on Congress -- the people 's representatives -- who cared more about reelection than opposing the madness of an unprovoked war .
All this would be sophistry if it did not carry such a terrible human price .
To dismiss months of deception with Fleischer 's explanation is disgraceful .
There were other press secretaries and other spokespersons .
I have mentioned only a few who stand out in my mind , for better or worse .
Many of their names became household words , but I doubt few were able to fold their tents and silently steal away without feeling that somewhere along the way they could have done better .
# Copyright © 2006 by Helen Thomas .
Reprinted by permission of Scribner , a Division of Simon & Schuster , Inc. , NY .
Thomas ' book is available for pre-order at Amazon.com .
On the Friday before MIX , I recorded this podcast with John Lam .
He ’s the creator of RubyCLR and , as it happens , he joined Microsoft on the same day I did .
John ’s been running silent since then , but no longer .
In this conversation we discuss the dynamic language runtime ( DLR ) , a generalization of Jim Hugunin ’s work on IronPython , and a quartet of languages that make use of its services .
They include a refactored IronPython , a new managed implementation of JavaScript , Visual Basic , and a new implementation of Ruby which , unlike RubyCLR , does not rely on the C - based Ruby runtime .
We also explore the ability of these languagues to run inside Silverlight - equipped browsers .
Key benefits include cross-language interoperability , access to Silverlight ’s subset of the .NET Framework , and more broadly , a new approach to writing ambitious browser - based software .
Among other things , that approach restores and reinvigorates a capability that ’s been around for a decade .
I can well remember , back in the day , running ActiveState ’s Perl as a scripting engine inside Internet Explorer .
It made for an interesting demo , but I never wound up using it for anything and I never heard of anyone else who did either .
In retrospect I think there were two reasons why .
First , the notion of running serious amounts of software inside the browser had n’t taken hold .
Now it clearly has .
Second , it ’s risky to deploy a standalone language runtime — like Perl ’s , or Python ’s or Ruby ’s — inside the browser .
But the Silverlight languages are nicely sandboxed because they ride atop the dynamic language runtime , and it does n’t rely on any privileged operations .
The DLR - based version of Ruby is n’t quite ready , and it does n’t yet run Rails .
That ’s the acid test because , as John says , Rails uses every metaprogramming trick in the book .
But the intent is to get it working , and I think that ’s the kind of thing that ’ll open up possibilities nobody can fully predict .
The AJAX model has succeeded despite the fact that JavaScript arguably is n’t well suited to programming in the medium - to - large .
DLR - based implementations of Ruby and Python should be better suited to that purpose .
What ’s more , in this environment they can not only interoperate with each other — so you can use a Python library directly from Ruby , or vice versa — but with statically typed languages like C# .
So they can leverage capabilities that depend on static typing , like LINQ ( language integrated query ) .
It ’s hard to talk about a topic like this without sounding hopelessly geeky .
“ Look , I ’ve got IronPython using ActiveRecord and LINQ , all inside the Safari browser on my Mac , and I ’m debugging it in Visual Studio remotely from my PC . ”
These kinds of scenarios are in fact becoming possible , and those of us who appreciate all of these components individually will rightly pronounce it cool that they can come together in these ways .
But it ’s more than a parlor trick , though it ’s hard to explain why that ’s so , or why anyone other than a code monkey and dynamic language junkie should care .
In view of that challenge , I referred at the beginning of this podcast to my interview with Avi Bryant and Andrew Catton about Dabble DB , which is built on top of the Squeak implementation of Smalltalk .
Dabble DB surfaces the virtues of the underlying dynamic language engine — direct manipulation , always - live data , continuous refinement — to people who create and use Dabble DB applications .
Yes , dynamic languages can make programmers more productive .
But when used properly , they can also produce software that makes everyone more productive for the same reasons .
We ’ve seen the proof .
JavaScript is a dynamic language , and it ’s at the heart of a new breed of web applications that make things easier for everyone .
I hope that expanding the range of dynamic languages available in the browser , while at the same time basing them on a common runtime , will accelerate the trend .
Criminal Law : The Basics .
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Criminal+Law%3a+The+Basics.-a0161249502</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Criminal Law : The Basics . . "
The Free Library .
2006 Federal Bureau of Investigation 29 Sep. 2020 " Criminal Law : The Basics .. " .
2006 Federal Bureau of Investigation 29 Sep. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Criminal+Law%3a+The+Basics.-a0161249502
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Criminal Law : The Basics .. " Retrieved Sep 29 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Criminal Law : The Basics .. "
Retrieved Sep 29 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Criminal+Law%3a+The+Basics.-a0161249502
APA style : Criminal Law : The Basics .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 29 2020 from Criminal Law : The Basics .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 29 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Criminal+Law%3a+The+Basics.-a0161249502
Criminal Law : The Basics , Frank A. Schubert , Roxbury Publishing , Los Angeles , California , 2004 .
[ ILLUSTRATION OMITTED ]
Author Frank Schubert has done a nice job distilling the seemingly endless facets of criminal law into an easily readable and comprehensive textbook of only eight chapters .
The singular aspect of this text that makes it so attractive is how the author first describes the foundation and intent behind criminal law and then succinctly outlines the general principles of construction for various crimes .
Because of the use of common law and the Model Penal Code , the theory applies to any state and can be combined with a particular state 's criminal code or body of case law to show various contrasts .
Chapters 1 and 2 lay the foundation for why American criminal law is designed as it is , along with its origins and limitations .
The theme that runs throughout the first two chapters deals with the similarities and differences between American law and English common law and why American jurisprudence is decentralized primarily to the states instead of centralized into a national government .
Chapters 3 and 4 cover criminal liability .
Schubert describes two particularly interesting areas of criminal law that have received attention of late -- corporate criminality and liability for failing to supervise a child .
In the wake of several sensational corporate scandals , likening corporations to humans for prosecution purposes constitutes an emerging area of law not easily dealt with .
These investigations and resulting prosecutions typically are lengthy and complex , often necessitating expertise in finances , accounting , and other business practices that require an inordinate amount of time and resources not readily available at the local level .
Parental liability for children represents another area of law that recently has gained popularity , particularly at the local level where authorities enact municipal ordinances as crime - control measures .
For example , in developing a juvenile crime - control initiative , police planners might use this type of ordinance in conjunction with a curfew to control delinquency .
The two work together : the curfew enables the police to effect an arrest , whereas parental liability holds parents or guardians accountable for any resulting criminal behavior .
Chapters 5 through 8 outline some of the most common and important aspects of criminal law , including inchoate crimes , criminal defenses , and offenses against persons and property .
Each chapter begins with an analysis of the subject followed by a relevant piece of case law , which authenticates the legal concept .
Following the case law , the author provides thought - provoking questions that departments can use to spur debate or as test questions .
After each subject , Schubert offers his own analysis and commentary , which improves comprehension and interpretation .
At the end of each chapter , the author presents discussion questions and hypothetical scenarios that relate directly to the aforementioned text , which provides instructor flexibility in designing a training syllabus or course curriculum .
The textbook also offers a convenient Web site ( http://www.roxbury.net) that posts additional material too lengthy for inclusion in the book .
Schubert 's Criminal Law :
The Basics is an excellent book for introductory courses in criminal law or as an adjunct to an in - service investigative course .
The author organizes the material in a way that officers can see the interconnectedness of their actions from the outset of an investigation to the consequences of those actions during prosecution .
Reviewed by Captain Jon M. Shane , Ret. Newark , New Jersey , Police Department
Five Things that Suck About Objective - C and Cocoa
April 5 , 2007 at 11:59 pm
Things have been quiet here in this blog .
Too quiet .
As such , I ’m keeping the name - five - things - you - hate - about - a - language - you - like ball rolling , having seen it rolled with zest and vigor by brian d foy , Titus , Jacob Kaplan - Moss and Vincent .
Without further ado :
Five Things that Suck About Objective - C/ Cocoa :
Syntax for NSString literals .
For the uninitiated , in Objective - C code enclosing " insomnia " in simple double - quotes creates a C - style char [ ] string ; if you wish to use the far more powerful and versatile Objective - C NSString class , you must add an @ ( making @" insomnia " ) .
Backwards - compatibility with C is a good and useful thing , but why require more keystrokes to do the most commonly - used thing ?
I myself last weekend puzzled over a wonderfully non-specific “ invalid reciever ” error for a long time before realizing that I forgot an @ when sending strings to an arrayWithObjects : method .
Aside from that , why use the @ - sign as a prefix for NSStrings when it ’s used in a plethora of other places , such as @interface , @implementation , @end and @selector ?
Though 90 % of my @ - key - presses in Textmate are prefixes to NSStrings , I ca n’t have a keypress of @ automatically expand to @ ” ” – there are too many other things to do with the poor little @ - sign .
The oft - neglected | ( pipe or vertical bar , I ’ve heard both ) character is far less disruptive to the flow of typing .
reallyLongAndCamelCasedMethodNamesGetAnnoying .
I refer specifically to the lovely NSWorkspace method openURLs : withAppBundleIdentifier : options : additionalEventParamDescriptor : launchIdentifiers :
And ObjC method names can be concise yet informative – take for example NSString ’s compare : options : range : locale : .
I must admit , this complaint is not entirely valid , especially considering Textmate / XCode ’s fancy code completion .
No operator overloading .
Come on , guys – why reject this crucial part of Smalltalk heritage ?
I , for one , am sick of writing objectAtIndex and objectForKey : as compared to Python ’s [ ] .
Though Smalltalk allows one to define new operators , I ’d be perfectly happy to settle for a few overloadable operators ( string concatenation is desperately needed ) .
Mysterious helper methods .
I did n’t know of the existence of NSHomeDirectory ( ) , NSTemporaryDirectory ( ) , or NSClassFromString ( ) until very recently .
True , this is my fault , but I think that F - Script ’s idea of storing all of these methods in a singleton System object is excellent , and much more in line with Objective - C’s Smalltalk heritage .
( Actually , I have a half - finished ObjC class that makes NSBeep ( ) and all those other miscellaneous C functions into class methods ; if there ’s any interest , I ’ll finish and release it .
I suppose that makes this complaint invalid .
Oh well . )
File management is a mess .
Essential code is scattered throughout NSWorkspace ( in all its brain - dead glory ) , NSFileManager , NSFileHandle , NSPipe , NSDirectoryEnumerator , and NSData – few things are as infuriating as hunting down the correct class that does exactly what I want .
( Actually , no .
Finding a better solution after thirty minutes of hacking around some perceived inadequacy is worse .
So there you have it .
To be honest , it took me quite a while to write this , mainly because Objective - C is such a great language and Cocoa is such a great set of libraries .
I suppose that the imperfections in a consistently useful and friendly toolkits stand out , and in retrospect I sort of feel guilty for my picky attitude .
After all , it could be much , much worse .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : apple , cocoa , code , rant .
Photo : Piotr Sikora / Corbis Outline
It ’s been a turbulent summer for 50 Cent .
His take from the sale of Glacéau — which sells VitaminWater — to Coca - Cola has been estimated as high as $ 100 million .
He postponed his third album , Curtis , until September after formulaic early singles bombed .
And now he ’s bounced back with the rugged “ I Get Money ” and the Timbalake collaboration “ She Wants It . ” 50 talked to Ben Williams about the difference between himself and Eminem , the art of beef , and Dubya .
Which M.C. ’s first inspired you ?
I really enjoyed “ The Bridge Is Over ” by KRS - One .
That song had a huge impact when it came out .
The aggression .
“ Manhattan keeps on making it / Brooklyn keeps on taking it / Bronx keeps creating it / Queens keeps on faking it . ”
I ’m from Queens !
But the record was so hot that we had to listen to it anyway .
Were there Queens rappers around you at the time ?
The Lost Boyz .
Freaky
Tah lived one block from my house .
They just had a different vibe .
They would drink deuce - deuces — that ’s a 22 - ounce beer — and just hang out .
It was about having fun .
And my focus was different .
I had a financial focus at that point .
So I was in the street , hustling .
You rapped about some of the legendary Queens drug dealers on “ Ghetto Quaran . ”
Did those guys influence you ?
They turned a lot of people into drug addicts .
[ And ] they inspired people who did n’t use drugs to attempt that lifestyle , because they seen them acquire finances at a pace that would be almost impossible in any other field .
The first producer you worked with was Jam Master Jay from Run-D.M.C.
What did he teach you ?
He taught me how to songwrite , as opposed to just rapping .
He ’d be like , “ Yo , where ’s the hook ? ”
To this day , when I start a song off , I write the chorus before I write my verses .
A lot of artists are backwards .
They write all of these punch lines , and they just figure out whatever they can for the hook .
And what have you learned from Eminem and Dr. Dre ?
When I ’m in the studio with Dre , I ’ll be recording to a skeleton .
“ In Da Club ” did n’t have the guitar on it , half the beat was n’t on it when I wrote it .
Em is different .
I respect his opinion more than everybody else ’s .
I can accept criticism from him because he actually sells more records than me .
But he has no interest in selling you a T - shirt .
He ’s satisfied with his financial status .
My ambition is leading me through a tunnel that wo n’t end .
Beefs — with Ja Rule , with the Game , and lately with Cam ’ron — have been central to your career .
Do you think sometimes it ’s smarter not to respond ?
Nah .
I seen Jay - Z use those tactics countless times .
He ’ll just ignore the guy that ’s being disrespectful .
But I think a lot of them are like kids — if you do n’t spank their hand and say stop , it gets worse .
I think , better to give them an example of you ruining someone ’s career , like I did with Ja Rule .
What were you listening to while working on the new album ?
I stopped listening to hip - hop records because I believe all artists steal from each other without being conscious of it .
I ’ve been listening to the Motown era , Marvin Gaye .
I think it ’s interesting that he would write about not actually being able to pay his taxes [ on “ Inner City Blues ” ] .
Even if a hip - hop artist can’t pay their taxes , they ’re not gonna say it .
You have a street fiction series now .
Did you have a favorite author when you were growing up ?
Donald Goines .
He used terminologies that actually existed in the streets where I was from , so that made it easier to keep up with the story .
Let ’s talk about The 48 Laws of Power .
How did that book influence you ?
That book is great .
Me and Robert Greene are actually writing a book together now called The 50th Law .
I explained to Robert that in different environments , people would interpret what he ’s saying differently .
Where I ’m from , they interpret the laws literally .
So one of the laws is , “ When you destroy , destroy completely . ”
For someone from where I grew up , that means “ do n’t shoot ’em , kill ’em . ”
You bought Mike Tyson ’s house .
Is that because he inspired you in some way ?
Mike Tyson at one point convinced everyone in the world that no one can beat him .
I think that ’s a major accomplishment .
What about George Bush ?
You famously called him a gangster .
George Bush has a talent :
He has less compassion than the average human .
By all means , I do n’t aspire to be like George Bush .
Curtis
September 4 .
Privacy : a fading human right ?
June 17 , 2007 at 3:00 am thinkingshift
Back to the surveillance society : I ’ve been thinking about how CCTV cameras are emergent properties of a system : a fear - based society in which the human - eyes of Jane Jacob ’s city , who watch over and protect neighbours , have been replaced by a deep mistrust of fellow human beings .
We are subjected to intrusive searches at airports ; fingerprinting ; iris scanning ; Google Street View .
Now we have eye - tracking devices that will be able to record people looking at ads on billboards .
The Eyebox2 is a new eye - tracking capability : a palm - size video camera that can record eye contact with 15 - degree accuracy at a distance of up to 33 feet .
Advertising nirvana perhaps , but for people like me concerned about the contemporary erosion of privacy , it ’s yet another intrusion on the self and another example of how the social contract ( always a delicate balance ) is being pummelled .
The social contract binds a society together : in exchange for certain civil rights – such as the right to equal protection or the right of freedom of movement – individuals jointly agree to subject themselves to civil law or political authority .
Paramount amongst our civil rights is the right to privacy .
I question whether those glass - domed eyes silently watching and recording our movements are not in fact breaching our right to privacy , along with technologies like Google Street View and Google Maps .
Time magazine recently raised the question : are Google Maps an invasion of our privacy ?
What I ’ve seen mostly is blogs and websites making fun of images captured by Street View – here ’s an example .
Why are we not concerned about being watched by what are frankly surveillance technologies ??
Have we become so apathetic and accepting of what Governments tell us that we can no longer question whether we are hurtling straight into becoming a controlled , fear - based , mistrustful society ?
Thankfully , the privacy lawyer for Electronic Frontier Foundation , Kevin Bankston , is speaking out about Street View : “ There is a serious tension here , between the concepts of free speech , and open information , and the idea of privacy … .
We do n’t think what Google ’s done here is necessarily illegal , though a few images may cross the line and may create liability .
It ’s more that they ’ve done something that ’s really irresponsible and rude to people . ”
Irresponsible , embarrassing , humiliating , thoughtless , unethical .
I for one do not want my cat snapped by the roving Big Brother eye of Google while said cat peacefully suns itself in the front window of my house ; nor do I wish to be citizen Joe standing on a street corner minding my own business , then suddenly finding myself on Street View with the caption ‘ The Voices in My Head are Back ” emblazoned for all to see and snigger over – funny caption perhaps but not so funny impact on the person .
A right to privacy and freedom of movement means that a man can quietly slip into a “ gentleman ’s club ’ for a lunch hour ’s worth of ( dubious ) entertainment ; you can protest at a political rally ; or you can exit unseen out of a plastic surgeon ’s office following a shot or two of botox .
The sorts of activities we get up to as social animals might be questionable or downright immoral , but our right to carry them out in anonymity emanates from our right to privacy .
Ironically , Kevin Bankston ’s image was captured by Google Street - View and Google has refused his request to take it down without Bankston coughing up a driver ’s licence and various documentation .
Privacy International has just released a report , A Race to the Bottom : Privacy Ranking of Internet Search Companies , and no doubt you ’ll be truly shocked to learn which search engine company was at the bottom of the list – Google – which was accused of entrenched hostility to privacy and using personal data less responsibly than its competitors .
Let ’s not forget that Google is a company that recently acquired the online advertising firm DoubleClick , making it the possessor of the world ’s largest collection of data about Web users ’ behaviour .
Google senior engineer , Matt Cutts , laughed off Privacy International ’s report saying : “ Personally , I think Privacy International should feel remorse about walking right past several other companies to single out Google for their lowest rating . ”
Ah yes , good ploy : let ’s shift the blame onto the competitors .
Surely , we ’re moving into a future we do n’t want to step into .
A future in which we will without a doubt be snapped by some glass - domed CCTV camera or caught unawares ( and perhaps compromised ) by Google .
Where everything occurring in our world will be Googleable and where we will live in cities that are nothing more than a Panopticon , guarded by silent , glass - domed sentinels .
For an extreme glimpse into our future as a watched over society , check this out .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : CCTV , Education and Awareness , Google , Privacy , Rant , Reflections , Society , Surveillance society .
When Kurt Gödel published his incompleteness theorem in 1931 , the mathematical community was stunned : using maths he had proved that there are limits to what maths can prove .
This put an end to the hope that all of maths could one day be unified in one elegant theory and had very real implications for computer science .
John W Dawson describes Gödel 's brilliant work and troubled life .
On the 25th of May 1997 a dramatic collision tore a hole into the space station Mir and sent it hurtling through space .
As NASA astronaut Michael Foale tells Plus , the fate of Mir and its crew hinged on a classical set of equations .
In last issue 's Graphical methods I Phil Wilson used maths to predict the outcome of a cold war in slug world .
In this self - contained article he looks at slug world after the disaster : with only a few survivors and all infra-structure destroyed , which species will take root and how will they develop ?
Graphs can tell it all .
Groups are some of the most fundamental objects in maths .
Take a system of interacting objects and strip it to the bone to see what makes it tick , and very often you 're faced with a group .
Colva Roney - Dougal takes us into their abstract world and puzzles over a game of Solitaire .
Two designers tell us how they took the long way round to design , and how the maths and science they took in on the way helps them with their work today .
“ Loire Estuary 2007 , ” is an outdoor , contemporary - art exhibition now taking place in France that features the works by 30 artists from around the world .
All of the work is being installed along a 40 - mile stretch at the mouth of the Loire River , from Saint - Nazaire to Nantes .
Our favorite piece is Florentijn Hofman ’s massive rubber duckie .
From the artists ’ website :
Title : Rubber duck
Year : 2007
Location : river the Loire , France
Dimensions : 26 x 20 x 32 meters
Materials : inflatable , rubber coated PVC , pontoon and generator
Assigned by : le Lieu Unique and the Biennial Estuaire
A yellow spot on the horizon slowly approaches the coast .
People have gathered and watch in amazement as a giant yellow Rubber Duck approaches .
The spectators are greeted by the duck , which slowly nods its head .
The Rubber Duck knows no frontiers , it does n’t discriminate people and does n’t have a political connotation .
The friendly , floating Rubber Duck has healing properties : it can relief mondial tensions as well as define them .
The rubber duck is soft , friendly and suitable for all ages !
UC San Diego Physicists
Observe New Property of Matter
November 1 , 2006
By Kim McDonald
Physicists at UC San Diego have for the first time observed the spontaneous production of coherence within “ excitons , ” the bound pairs of electrons and holes that enable semiconductors to function as novel electronic devices .
Scientists working in the emerging field of nanotechnology , which is finding commercial applications for ultra- small material objects , believe that this newly discovered property could eventually help the development of novel computing devices and provide them with new insights into the quirky quantum properties of matter .
Details of the new finding appear in a paper published in the November 3 issue of the journal Physical Review Letters by a team of four physicists at UCSD working in collaboration with a materials scientist at UC Santa Barbara .
Excitons tend to self - organize into an ordered array of microscopic droplets , like a miniature pearl necklace .
The wave - like interference pattern ( right ) reveals the spontaneous coherence of excitons .
Image Credit : UCSD
Click image for high - res. version .
The effort was headed by Leonid Butov , a professor of physics at UCSD who in 2002 led a similar team at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to the discovery that excitons , when made sufficiently cold , tend to self - organize into an ordered array of microscopic droplets , like a miniature pearl necklace ( shown in figure ) .
“ What is coherence and why is it so important ? ” said Butov .
“ To start with , modern physics was born by the discovery that all particles in nature are also waves .
Coherence means that such waves are all ‘ in sync . ’
The spontaneous coherence of the matter waves is the reason behind some of the most exciting phenomena in nature such as superconductivity and lasing . ”
“ A simple way to visualize coherence is to imagine cheering spectators at a stadium making ‘ a wave ’ , ” added Michael Fogler , an assistant professor of physics at UCSD and a co-author of the paper .
“ If the top rows get up and down at the same time as the bottom ones , the rows are mutually coherent .
In turn , coherence is spontaneous when the cheering is done on the spectator ’s own initiative and is not orchestrated by the directions of an external announcer . ”
A famous example of spontaneous coherence of matter waves is the Bose - Einstein condensate , which is a state predicted by Einstein some 80 years ago .
This new form of matter was eventually created in 1995 by University of Colorado physicists and regarded as so noteworthy the scientists were awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physics .
The Bose - Einstein condensate is a gas of atoms so dense and cold that their matter waves lose their individuality and condense into a “ macroscopic coherent superatom wave . ”
Atomic Bose - Einstein condensation occurs at temperatures near absolute zero .
However , excitons are expected to exhibit the same phenomenon at temperatures that are million times higher ( although admittedly still rather low on a common scale , some hundred times lower than the room temperature ) .
Remarkably , this is a range of temperatures where Butov and his team have observed the onset of exciton coherence .
“ Excitons are particles that can be created in semiconductors , in our case , gallium arsenide , the material used to make transistors in cell phones , ” said Fogler .
“ One can make excitons , or excite them , by shining light on a semiconductor .
The light kicks electrons out of the atomic orbitals they normally occupy inside of the material .
And this creates a negatively charged ‘ free ’ electron and a positively charged ‘ hole . ’ ”
The force of electric attraction keeps these two objects close together , like an electron and proton in a hydrogen atom .
It also enables the exciton to exist as a single particle rather than a non-interacting electron and hole .
However , it can be the cause of the excitons ’ demise .
Since the electron and hole remain in close proximity , they sometimes annihilate one another in a flash of light , similar to annihilation of matter and antimatter .
To suppress this annihilation , Butov and his team separate electrons and their holes in different nano - sized structures called quantum wells .
“ Excitons in such nano - structures can live a thousand or even a million times longer than in a regular bulk semiconductor , ” said Butov .
“ These long - lived excitons can be prepared in large numbers and form a high density exciton gas .
But whether excitons can cool down to low temperatures before they recombine and disappear has been a key question for scientists . ”
“ What we found was the emergence of spontaneous coherence in an exciton gas , ” added Butov .
“ This is evidenced by the behavior of the coherence length we were able to extract from the light pattern ( as shown in the figure ) emitted by excitons as they recombine .
Below the temperature of about five degrees Kelvin above absolute zero , the coherence length becomes clearly resolved and displays a steady and rapid growth as temperature decreases .
This occurs in concert with the formation of the beads of the ‘ pearl necklace . ’
The coherence length reaches about two microns at the coldest point available in the experiment . ”
Other members of the research team were UCSD students Sen Yang and Aaron Hammack and Arthur Gossard , a professor in UC Santa Barbara ’s materials science department .
The research project was supported by grants from the National Science Foundation , U.S. Army Research Office and the Hellman Fund .
Media Contact : Kim McDonald , ( 858 ) 534-7572
Comment :
Leonid Butov , ( 858 ) 822-0362
Michael Fogler , ( 858 ) 534-5978
Hicks is the first detainee to face the new judicial process
The 31 - year - old Muslim convert was accused of attending al - Qaeda training camps and fighting with the Taleban .
The plea means that Hicks , who has been at the camp for five years , is likely to return home to serve his sentence .
Hicks is the first detainee at the detention camp to face terror charges under new US rules .
There were handshakes , hugs and tears ...
He looks bloody terrible
Terry Hicks
David Hicks ' father
Emotional family reunion
He was charged under the new Military Commissions Act , which human rights groups condemn .
Return ' fairly soon '
Hicks appeared at the hearing wearing khaki prison fatigues and with hair down to his chest - grown , his lawyer said , to pull over his eyes at night to keep out the light and allow him to get to sleep .
As the proceedings got under way , Hicks was formally charged and initially deferred entering a plea .
But later on his lawyers told the judge he was pleading guilty .
Other charges against him , including attempted murder , have been dropped .
Prosecution and defence lawyers are expected to reach agreement this week on a plea deal establishing his sentence .
US and Australian authorities have already agreed that Hicks will serve out his sentence in his native country .
He faces a maximum sentence of life but after strong pressure from the Australian government there is speculation that he will receive a shorter sentence .
Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer told local media that he welcomed the conclusion to a legal process which he said took " far too long " .
" My guess is he will be able to come back ( to Australia ) fairly soon , " he told ABC radio .
Before the hearing , which was opened to members of the press , Hicks was allowed a two - hour reunion with his father and sister .
He last saw his father , Terry , at a previous hearing in August 2004 .
" There were handshakes , hugs and tears , " Terry Hicks told journalists .
" He looks bloody terrible . "
And Mr Hicks , who left the base before the plea was announced , said he would continue to support his son .
" We will stand by him on anything he decides , whichever way it goes , " he said .
Criticism
David Hicks arrived in Guantanamo Bay in early 2002 after being captured in Afghanistan a month earlier .
The former farm hand and kangaroo skinner was charged and started a trial process previously in August 2004 .
However , the US Supreme Court last year ruled the system unconstitutional .
The administration of President George W Bush then tabled a revised tribunal system that was passed by Congress .
Hicks is the first person to be tried under the new procedures .
Two others , Omar Khadr , a Canadian , and Salim Ahmed Hamdan , from Yemen , have been indicted but have not yet been read sworn charges , Cmdr Durand said .
The US has said it plans to use the new system to prosecute about 80 of the remaining 385 - or - so prisoners at the camp .
Human rights campaign group Amnesty International has condemned the tribunals as " shabby show trials " and demanded that detainees be tried under the regular US judicial system .
Briggs Brown Carpentry Services
Recently I hired Briggs brown carpentry services for providing me carpentry related needs and I was fully satisfied by their work .
So I like to tell you something about them .
The company - Briggs Brown Carpentry Services Ltd was formed in 1998 by the famous Dean Briggs & Chris Brown .
They are constantly growing since then with a large number of satisfied customers .
They provide professional , quality and cost - effective loft conversions and carpentry contractor services to a broad range of customers in Essex and around the UnitedKingdoms .
From supplying labour to the construction industry through to adding the finishing touches to a loft conversion , BBCS Ltd covers every aspect of carpentry .
They have fully qualified and highly skilled carpenters of all types of work from traditional roofing to fixing skirting .
I assure , you will never dis-satisfy with their www.jasminlive.mobi service if you hire them once .
In fact you will recommend them to others like me .
Block paving works
I decided to do block paving for my garden patios and was quite satisfied with it .
They are not only durable , but looks beautiful too .
They also work great for driveways and parking areas .
I did paving in circles , but you can have block paving in different styles like octagons and feature paving .
Lighting up paved areas looks more stunning .
It can also be installed to create winding pathways and steps , along with edging ( detailing ) around both front and rear gardens .
Your guests will definitely love them as in case of mine .
If you are looking for a block paving installer in Essex , then I would recommend you to take this service from Arristor .
For success â Learn more languages
If you are aiming to gain footsteps for your business in the international market or if you are traveling frequently for foreign tours , then it becomes necessary to learn more languages other than English .
Learning more languages will help you to communicate better with your clients and understand them clearly .
This is also a way to impress your clients too .
Some of the top spoken languages in the world are French , English , Spanish , Arabic and many more .
You can learn those languages from various sources like :
Tuition classes ,
Online tutorials ,
Digital media ,
Communication with your friends via online chatting
Forums / discussion boards
I am also learning some Spanish and French lessons and know little bit of it .
SponsoredReview is Officially Launched !
SponsoredReview is officially launched today - March 12th 2007 after a Beta testing .
SponsoredReview is a blog marketing service provider wherein advertisers and publishers meet indirectly to help each other .
Advertisers can gain buzz or reviews for their products or site on their favorite publishers blog network .
In turn bloggers can make some $ $ out of such sponsored chaturbate reviews .
They have a unique bidding system where bloggers and advertisers can negotiate pricing .
I started this blog last year for my friends .
I did n't know that my blog could make some revenue out of it by making such sponsored reviews .
Also a blogger gets 65 % of advertisers money and will get paid Bi-Weekly compared to other competitors who take half of the fees and pays monthly .
So sign up now to SponsoredReview and start making money online from sponsored posts / reviews like this . :-)
If you want to buy a review on my blog then signup on SponsoredReview and create your oppurtunity .
Taycasa Villas - Overseas Property Specialist
Today I came across another great site offering overseas property sales â Taycasa Villas .
Taycasa Villas is a well - established overseas property specialist and is a member of the Association of International Property Professionals .
They will help you at every stage in your pursuit of finding your perfect property abroad .
They will guide you in the best possible ways so as to help you in making an informed decision .
Overseas property
Currently they have a nice selection of property for sale in Fethiye .
Hope you know about Fethiye - Fethiye is a pretty town at the hillsides of the Mt. Mendos , the part of the Tourus Mountain chains .
It surrounds the bay Fethiye from which it gained its name .
It is one of the most popular tourist places in the world and one of the cheapest too .
Dry , hot and long summers and short , warm and rainy winters are climatic characteristics of Fethiye .
The temperature here is around 30 - 40 C during the summer and is usually above 10 C in the winter to make the environment pleasant .
So if you are looking to purchase that dream property in Fethiye , then there is no better place than Taycasa Villas .
Overseas Property Shop
Today I was searching for property in Spain on Google and found a nice site from Overseas Property Shop .
This is an online Real Estate site where you will find a huge and best selection of new and re-sale properties in Spain .
Overseas Property
Shop is a reputable UK based company in the overseas industry and is a founding member of AIPP ( Adhering to a strict code of conduct ) and member of ATOL .
That 's not all ; they are also members of many other Government organizations .
Spain property
They will give you an unbiased guidance and tips for buying property in Spain covering some of the best investment areas .
You can choose from Spain 's finest areas , including Almeria , Costa Blanca and Costa Calida .
You have the choice of new build ( Off Plan ) or resale property .
Other resources are available on this site for Turkey , Cyprus and Calabria property .
You can find property new releases 2007 for property in Spain , Calabria and Turkey .
Innocence Is So Overrated /
Are you not scarred for life ?
Is n't everyone ?
What 's more , is n't that how it should be ?
We seem to have this bizarre notion .
We seem to suck on this freakish and ill - begotten idea like it was some sort of sticky candy cane of bitter , irrefutable truth .
It 's about innocence .
It 's this sincere , fantastical idea that we are born pure and simple and clean like bright happy cotton balls and then we somehow quickly become horribly corrupted by the icky Satan - ruled world , and it's all we can do to stumble our way through and not get too soiled and damaged and emotionally shredded before finally wheezing our last emphysemic breath and saying , Well , at least I never became a seething Republican or a secretly gay evangelical or a rabid Celine Dion fan , and then clicking off .
Take sex .
Take a lot of sex .
Take lots and lots of wet dangerous imperfect sex and mix it liberally with hyperactive religious piety and conservative sanctimony and wanton Christian hypocrisy and you 've probably got the greatest recipe for our culture 's devout belief in the inevitable corruption of innocence of all time .
See , there was a study .
A recent report about teen sex ( yes , a new one emerges roughly every nine seconds ) concluded that any sexual encounter teenagers endure , from oral to anal to upside - down to groping each other 's nether regions through some nicely faded True Religions , any sexual encounter could cause emotional damage to your otherwise perky , cherubic teenager .
That 's right .
They say sex of any kind can harm teens emotionally .
Even permanently .
The researchers go on to say -- in that sort of nicely patronizing , obvious way that scientists are wont to indulge in -- that this means it 's extra-important for parents to inform their kids of what sex can do , what it contains and what it wants and what it whispers in your ear late at night when the flesh is trembling and the thoughts are scalding and the guilt is ominous .
This is where it gets interesting .
This is where it gets confusing .
This is where you go , Wait wait wait , something is just not right here .
Are we not missing some essential truth ?
Something core and vital and deeply human ?
I think we are .
Perhaps it 's this :
There is simply no such thing as an authentic human experience that does n't somehow and in some way affect , stain , taint or scar the human animal .
It can not be avoided .
It can not be shunned or quieted or talked off the ledge .
This is , in fact , what we do .
In other words , there is no such thing as a perfectly innocent life , or childhood , or experience , no such thing as strolling through this world wholly sheltered from , say , everyday trauma , abused puppies , shocking imagery , bad sex or inappropriate fondling or confusing orgasms , and if you insist that there is or that there should be or that this is the way God intended it , it is quite likely you are one violently oversheltered home - schooled virgin and now might be a good time to read a book and buy a vibrator and head into therapy very soon and I can say that without fear of reprisal because , well , you are not reading this column anyway .
Let 's flip it around :
There is no human child on the face of the earth who has had some sort of ideally perfect , sex - free , trauma - free , drama - less life by which we should measure all our failures and woes .
There is no standard , no perfect score , no idyllic model .
And there never was .
It 's the equivalent of arguing that we are meant to go through the modern world free of raw flesh and sticky blood and parasites , ever struggling to remain clean and pure , when in fact this is the stuff of which we are made .
Bacteria and spit and germs ?
Baby , it 's what we are .
The notion of " pure " innocence invites one of two perspectives :
One is the aforementioned cheerless Christian view , an all - too - common attitude that implies that human life is mostly pain and suffering and forbidden , guilt - ridden midnight masturbation interspersed with slivers of blind faith , and we are here to endure Satan 's nasty trials until armies of happy dopey angels come and lead us into the giant Blue Light special in the sky .
Familiar ?
Sure is .
Hell , even the president believes it .
The second perspective goes something like this : Drama is what we are designed for .
Emotional ( and physical , and spiritual ) scarring and discoloration is , in a way , what we do .
Our spirits are , after all , here to experience and taste and immerse in it all .
But it 's when you deny this fact , when you choose to see all the sex and drugs and tattoos and mortgages as a giant drawer of scary sharp knives that the gods sigh and frown and say , Well , why in the hell did we set up this mad gorgeous kitchen for you in the first place if you 're not going to slice off the tip of your finger now and then , and scream , and get a bandage and heal awkwardly and then do it all over again ?
Is this not what it 's all about ?
The wise ones , the gurus and mystics and the energy readers , they will tell you that unless you 're the Dalai Lama or a Bodhisattva or some rare precious otherworldly creature who 's already essentially transcended this plane but who 's decided to hang around to show the rest of us how to untie those wicked knots of divine misunderstanding , most of us are here to learn some very particular lessons , perhaps over and over again , until we get it .
And each time we return , it 's to pick up something we did n't get the last time , be it through pain or suffering or unutterable joy or clumsy sex or trauma or a wicked delicious mix of all of them , and to think that you can somehow evade or deny this lesson , this cosmic fate , is not only charming and cute but also merely means that you 've probably read one too many lopsided scientific studies and have chosen vacuity and blind faith over the raw meat of life .
But those scientists were right about one thing : Inform those teens .
Arm them well .
Teach them to respect the body and the flesh and learn its nerves and wires and bones and juices like it was a crazy road map to the stars .
Try to minimize the harsher damage caused by sheer ignorance , misinformation , guilt .
But let 's not mislead ourselves .
Let 's stop with the silly thinking that it's not supposed to be this way , that we 're somehow supposed to traipse around in fresh white robes and lavender - scented air and mess - free innocence , hovering above all things awkward and painful and delicious and embodied and ever potentially catastrophic .
This is the greatest lesson of life , God , earth : Resistance is futile .
All you can really do is grit your teeth , take a deep breath , unbutton your pants and smile .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Editor ’s note :
In this opinion piece , a young activist explores the frightening world of a Christian evangelical youth movement that is holding rock concerts and rallies at city halls nationwide this weekend .
( First column a series of three .
Second column here , third column here . )
Update : Read what BattleCry attendees are saying about this series of columns .
Update # 2 : User - submitted photos available : page 1 and page 2
If you ?ve been waiting to get alarmed until the Christian fascist movement started filling stadiums with young people and hyping them up to do battle in ?
God ?s army , ? wait no longer .
In recent weeks , BattleCry , a Christian fundamentalist youth movement , has attracted more than 25,000 people to mega-rally rock concerts in San Francisco and Detroit , and this weekend it plans to fill Wachovia Stadium in Philadelphia .
The leaders of BattleCry claim that their religion and values are under attack , but amid spectacular light shows , Hummers , Navy SEALs and military imagery on stage , it is Battle Cry that has declared war on everyone else .
Its leader , Ron Luce , insists : ? This is war .
And Jesus invites us to get into the action , telling us that the violent — the ? forceful ?
ones — will lay hold of the kingdom .?
“ The logic behind this — that men must be protected from the sin of sexual temptation — is what drives Islamic fundamentalists to shroud women in burkhas ! ”
BattleCry is a part of the evangelical organization Teen Mania , and you can learn a lot about the kind of society that Teen Mania is fighting for by reading up on its Honor Academy , a non-accredited educational institution that offers directed internships to 700 undergraduate and graduate youth each year .
Among the academy ?s tenets : Homosexuality and masturbation are sins .
Interns are forbidden to listen to secular music , watch R- rated movies or date ; men can ?t use the Internet unsupervised ; the length of women ?s skirts is regulated .
The logic behind this — that men must be protected from the sin of sexual temptation — is what drives Islamic fundamentalists to shroud women in burkhas !
Teen Mania and BattleCry are multimillion - dollar operations that send more than 5,000 missionaries to more than 34 countries each year .
Their supporters and members are some of the most powerful and extreme religious lunatics in the country .
Battle Cry ?s ? partners ?
include Pat Robertson ( who got a call from Karl Rove to discuss Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito before the nomination was made public ) , Charles Colson ( who as President Richard Nixon ’s lawyer was knee - deep in the Watergate scandal and who went to jail for obstruction of justice in the Pentagon Papers case ) , and Jerry Falwell ( who blamed Sept. 11 on homosexuals , feminists , pagans and abortionists ) .
Battle Cry ?s events have been addressed by former First Lady Barbara Bush ( via video ) as well as former President Gerald Ford .
This weekend ?s event will include Franklin Graham , who has ministered to George W. Bush and publicly proclaimed that Islam is an ?evil religion .?
What most of these figures have in common is their insistence that the Bible be read literally and obeyed as the inerrant word of God .
And , because Ron Luce leads youth to say in prayer , ? I will keep my eyes on the battle , submitting to Your code even when I don?t understand , ” it would be foolish to expect that there is any part of the Bible ?s literal horrors this movement would be unwilling to enforce , including stoning disobedient children and non-virgin brides ( Deuteronomy 21:18 - 21 and 22:13 -21 ) , executing gays ( Leviticus 20:13 ) , and keeping slaves ( Peter 2:18 ) .
“ Youth will not find the morality they need in a stadium listening to [ Battle Cry founder ] Ron Luce preach about religious war and intolerance . ”
Luce ’s followers staged a protest in March on the steps of San Francisco ?s City
Hall because gay weddings had taken place there .
Their answer to the scourge of rape and violence against women is to end the right of divorce , spread ignorance and insist on virginity -?
the very things that will entrap more women in these nightmares .
And this Friday , they are planning rallies at 50 city halls nationwide .
Of course , like the president , who gave Ron Luce an appointment to the White House Advisory Commission on Drug - Free Communities , Battle Cry tells its share of bald - faced lies .
For one , it claims that ?
a society fortified by Biblical principals and a strong moral code … is the heritage our forefathers fought and died to secure for us .?
But the word “ God ” never appears in the Constitution .
After three and a half months of debate about what should go into the document that would govern the land , the framers drafted a secular constitution .
BattleCry also claims America has been ?
set aside for God ?s purposes -?
a country established for good and fruitfully blessed so that we might take God ?s message to the ends of the earth .?
It is revealing that for all its talk about the value of life and the evils of violent imagery , Battle Cry never speaks against the real violence and loss of life being inflicted by U.S. troops in Iraq .
Still , there is one thing that BattleCry gets right :
This country is in the midst of a deep moral crisis .
We are indeed living through times when business - as - usual is unconscionable .
As the Bush regime wages unjust wars and conducts torture in our names , as it leaves New Orleans to rot and drags us closer each day to a theocracy in which abortion and birth control are banned , science is pulled under and gays are persecuted , it is no wonder that young people are searching for meaning and morality .
However , the truth is that youth will not find the morality they need in a stadium listening to Ron Luce preach about religious war and intolerance .
And they won?t find it while buying Battle Cry ?s keepsake dog tags .
These young people need to be challenged to look around themselves and think for themselves .
I am confident that if they do , many of them may find that the truly moral way to live is to throw their tremendous energies and dreams of a better world into stopping this madness and driving out the Bush regime .
This generation ?- and its counterparts around the world -? will have to live with the consequences of this culture war , one way or another .
Sunsara Taylor writes for Revolution newspaper and sits on the advisory board of The World Can ?t Wait — Drive Out the Bush Regime .
Story Highlights • Deputy chief demoted over May 1 immigration rally police acts
• Deputy chief 's second in command also removed from job
• Police fired rubber bullets , swung clubs at protesters
Adjust font size :
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
A top Los Angeles police official has been demoted and his deputy reassigned after officers under their command attacked demonstrators at an immigration rally , the city 's mayor and police chief said Monday .
Lee Carter , the deputy chief in charge of LAPD 's central bureau , was demoted a grade to commander and put on paid leave , Police Chief William Bratton announced .
Carter 's second - in - command , Cmdr. Lou Gray , was moved out of that job " pending further reassignment by the chief , " Bratton said .
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ordered a " comprehensive , open review " of the incident after demonstrators and journalists raised allegations of excessive force .
" We 're not going to shift the responsibility down the chain of command , " Villaraigosa said Monday .
" Accountability begins at the top .
What happened on May 1 was wrong , and we 're taking immediate action to address it . "
Villaraigosa said most police serve " with distinction and honor , " but he promised that every " breakdown " in the May 1 rally would be reviewed .
Bratton said officers fired nearly 240 rounds of rubber bullets against participants in the May 1 rally , one of many held across the country in support of legislation that would allow illegal immigrants to eventually earn legal status .
Video showed police shoving and swinging clubs at participants in the rally and some have said they plan to sue the officers .
( Watch an L.A. hospital worker say he was struck several times and saw women and children being targeted )
Some of the roughly 600 officers assigned to the demonstration said they had been pelted with stones and other debris , the Los Angeles Police Protective League said .
False color composite indicates age and composition of lunar surface features .
Titanium basalts ( blue ) are exposed on the floor of Ina structure and in the " fresh " impact crate at left .
Less mature soils ( based on spectral ratios ) appear in green .
Credit : NASA
Conventional wisdom suggests that the moon has seen no widespread volcanic activity for at least the last three billion years .
Now , a fresh look at existing data points to much more recent release of lunar gasses .
The study , published in the journal Nature by geologists Peter Schulz and Carlé Pieters of Brown University and Matthew Staid of the Planetary Science Institute , uses three distinct lines of evi-dence to support the assertion that volcanic gas has been released from the moon 's surface within the last one to ten million years .
The researchers focus on a D - shaped area called the Ina struc - ture that was first recognized in images from Apollo missions .
The unusual sharpness of the features first called Schultz 's attention to the area .
" Something that razor sharp should n't stay around long .
It ought to be destroyed within 50 million years , " said Schulz .
On Earth , wind and water quickly wear down freshly exposed surface features .
On the airless moon , constant bombardment with tiny space debris accomplishes a similar result .
By comparing the fine - scale surface features within the Ina structure to other areas on the moon with known ages , the team was able to place its age at closer two million years .
The scarcity of asteroid impact craters on the surface within Ina provided a second line of evi-dence for the feature 's relative youth .
The researchers identified only two clear impact craters larger than 30 meters on the 8 square kilometers of the structure 's floor .
This frequency is about the same as at South Ray Crater , near the Apollo 16 landing site .
The surface material ejected from South Ray Crater has long been used as a benchmark for dating other features on the moon 's surface and most lunar scientists studying these rocks agree on a date of approximately two million years , based on cosmic ray exposure .
Apollo images of D - shaped Ina structure , where gas releases may have exposed fresh surfaces .
Main image shows very few craters within the depression .
Low - angle illumination ( inset ) reveals sharp features with little weathering .
Credit : NASA
The third piece of support for the authors ' hypothesis comes from comparing the spectral signa - tures of deposits in the Ina depression to those from very fresh craters .
As lunar surface deposits weather , the wavelengths of light they reflect change in predictable ways .
Overall reflectance , or albedo , gets less bright and the ratio of light at 1000 nm wavelengths to 750 nm wavelengths in - creases .
Based on these color ratios , the deposits on Ina 's floor are exceptionally young – and possibly even newly exposed .
The appearance of the surface at Ina does not indicate an explosive release of magma , which would result in visible rays of ejecta surrounding a central crater .
Rather , it suggests a rapid re-lease of gasses , which would have blown off the surface deposits , exposing less weathered mate - rials .
This interpretation is particularly appealing because Ina is located at the intersection of two linear valleys or rilles -- like many geologically active areas on Earth .
Ina also does not appear to be alone .
The authors identify at least four similar features associated with the same system of rilles , as well as others in neighboring rille systems .
Although several kinds of evidence support the authors ' conclusion that the moon is more geologically active than previously thought , the only sure way to resolve the question would be to collect samples at such sites .
" Ina and other similar features are great targets for future exploration , by people or robots , said G. Jeffrey Taylor , a lunar researcher at the University of Hawaii .
" They might be the best place to get a good look at the interface between the powdery regolith and the consolidated rock beneath . "
Over the years , says Schultz , amateur astronomers have seen puffs or flashes of light coming from the moon 's surface .
Although most professional observers have upheld the conclusion that the moon was inactive , such sightings have kept open a window of doubt .
A coordinated obser-vation campaign , including both professional and amateur astronomers , would be one way to build additional evidence for activity , says Schultz .
A gas release itself would not be visible for more than a second or so , but the dust it kicked up might stay suspended for up to 30 seconds .
With modern alert networks , that 's long enough to move a professional telescope into position to see what 's happening .
Source : Brown University
Explore further
How a young - looking lunar volcano hides its true age
Home Samurai - Protecting Critical Heap Data in Unsafe Languages Samurai - Protecting Critical Heap Data in Unsafe Languages .
Karthik Pattabiraman , Vinod Grover , Benjamin G. Zorn .
September 2006 .
Programs written in type - unsafe languages such as C and C++ incur costly memory safety errors that result in corrupted data structures , program crashes , and incorrect results .
Previous approaches to eliminating these errors attempt to eliminate all unsafe memory operations in a program .
We present Samurai , a runtime system that allows programmers to selectively identify heap objects that are critical to correct execution of their program .
Samurai supports operations to consistently read and update critical data and probabilistically guarantees that no other memory updates in the program will corrupt critical data .
Samurai uses replication and randomization to provide these consistency guarantees .
Because Samurai is oblivious to memory operations on noncritical data , the majority of memory operations in programs run at full speed , and Samurai is compatible with 3rd party libraries .
We have annotated five benchmark programs with Samurai and we present measurements of the execution overhead and fault tolerance that Samurai provides .
Samurai can be applied selectively to parts of a programâ€™s heap allowing the execution overhead to be tailored for the needs of a particular application .
Essentially , you use a custom memory allocator for critical objects , so that they are stored redundantly ( i.e , they are replicated ) .
Related reading : Failure - oblivious computing .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Hello
Here is the latest Caml Weekly News , for the week of June 19 to 26 , 2007 .
pretty - printing , type - safe marshalling , dynamic typing for free .
Archive : http://groups.google.com/group/fa.caml/browse_frm/thread/716788ed67b34890/9d8c11f5cef51832#9d8c11f5cef51832
I 'm pleased to announce an initial release of `deriving ' , a system for constructing functions automatically from type definitions .
Deriving extends OCaml with two new operations : a syntax for calling an " overloaded " function at a particular type : C.function < t> v and the `deriving ' construct found in Haskell ( and Clean ) for requesting that the implementation generate an instance of an overloaded function from a type definition : type t = r deriving ( C1 , C2 ) Deriving provides functions for pretty - printing , dynamic typing , type - safe structure - sharing marshalling , SML - style equality , mapping , and more .
Functions can be generated for most OCaml types , including records , standard and polymorphic variants , tuples , mutually recursive types , and types that use abstract type constructors defined elsewhere .
A few more exotic constructs , such as private types and type replication , are supported .
Derived functions are also extensible : the user can choose to supply an implementation at a particular type if the generated version is not to his taste .
You can find deriving ( along with preliminary documentation and tests ) at http://code.google.com/p/deriving/
Note : you 'll need OCaml 3.10 .
Some examples of use follow .
Pretty - printing : Show.show<int > 3 => " 3 " let factors = [ ( 10 , [ 2;5 ] ) ; ( 11 , [ ] ) ; 12 , [ 2; 3;4;6 ] ]
Show .
show <( int * int list ) list > factors => " [ ( 10 , [ 2 ; 5 ] ) ; ( 11 , [ ] ) ; 12 , [ 2 ; 3 ; 4 ; 6 ] ] " type ' a tree = Leaf of ' a | Branch of ' a tree * ' a * ' a tree deriving ( Show , Typeable , Eq , Shelve ) type point = { x : float ; y : float } deriving ( Show , Typeable , Eq , Shelve ) let points = Branch ( Leaf {x=0.0 ; y=0.0 ;} , {x=2.0 ; y=2.0} , Branch ( Leaf {x =1.0 ; y=1.0} , {x=1.0 ; y=0.0} , Leaf {x=0.0 ; y= 1.0} ) ) Show.
show < point tree > points =>
" Branch ( Leaf {x =193.11 ; y =132.13} , {x =211.91 ; y =201.11} , Branch ( Leaf {x =113.12 ; y = 1.} , {x = 12.7 ; y =44.1} , Leaf {x =0 . ; y = 13.41} ) ) " Dynamic typing : let items = [ Typeable.mk< int > 3 ; Typeable.mk< float > 3.0 ; Typeable.mk < string tree > ( Leaf " three " ) ] => [ < abstr > ; < abstr > ; < abstr > ] Typeable.cast<int > ( List.hd items ) => Some 3 Typeable.cast < float > ( List.hd items ) =>
None Dynamic typing again : type 'a seq = [ `Nil | ` Cons of 'a * ' a seq ] deriving ( Typeable ) let l = ` Cons ( 3 , `Cons ( 2 , `Cons ( 1 , ` Nil ) ) ) Typeable.cast <[ `Cons of int * ' a|`Nil ] as ' a > ( Typeable.mk < int seq > l ) =>
Some ( `Cons ( 3 , `Cons ( 2 , `Cons ( 1 , ` Nil ) ) ) ) Serialisation ( marshalling ) : Shelve.shelveS < point tree > points => " \007\003\t\128\128\128\128\128\128\128\248?\t\128\128\128\128\128\128\128\128@\001\000\005\000\001\008\000\001
\001\003\004\t\003\000\001\012\001\003\006\011\005\005\002\002\000\002\000\002\002\000\000\002\001\001\002\002\002 " Shelve.unshelveS < point tree > ( Shelve.shelveS < point tree > points ) =>
Branch ( Leaf {x =193.11 ; y = 132.13} , {x =211.91 ; y =201.11} , Branch ( Leaf {x =113.12 ; y = 1.} , {x = 12.7 ; y =44.1} , Leaf {x =0 . ; y = 13.41} ) ) Shelve.unshelveS<int > ( Shelve.shelveS < point tree > points ) => *** Exception
For more see the documentation and test suite .
Comments , bug reports , and other feedback will be most welcome .
Caml code listing inside LaTeX
Archive : http://groups.google.com/group/fa.caml/browse_frm/thread/83bac8d06724bacb/49cdc7ff10c8dd76#49cdc7ff10c8dd76
If ever you are interested in putting some caml code inside your latex document , * without * using verbatim environment or listings package , the online tool : http://philippewang.info/cs.tools.camltotex.php (*) takes some caml code and returns LaTeX code .
The applied treatments are : - colors - nested comments ( even with strings such as " * ) " inside ) are detected - based on LaTeX macros such as \ DeclareTextSymbol{ \BS} {T1}{92} % backslash
ewcommand{\mlkeyword}[1]{\mbox{\color{red}{#1}}} - the code is put in a tabular environment
Well , it 's very small : 300 lines of code for the moment ( about 230 lines of ocamllex and 30 lines of ocaml ... ) .
It could have certainly been written in caml p4 or in latex , but well , they are not ( yet ) my cup of tea .
Hopefully , it will be released under a free license next month ( if you are interested in this program , which license do you want ?)
The main goals are : - no use of verbatim , so that it can be used with beamer without the [ fragile ] option - no use of the listings package ( because it do n't like it )
It certainly contains bugs , it was never proved or certified , and probably never will be ...
Cheers , -- Philippe Wang mail[at] philippewang.info (*)
I used php because cgi in pure caml is very complicated on the hosting server
graph
Archive : http://groups.google.com/group/fa.caml/browse_frm/thread/32239d9c8e40131b/5aa144488c91aa91#5aa144488c91aa91
Announcing graph , a utility to print a pretty graph of a time series in an ansi terminal .
http://homepage.mac.com/letaris its in godi :-)
Using folding to read the cwn in vim 6 +
Here is a quick trick to help you read this CWN if you are viewing it using vim ( version 6 or greater ) .
: set foldmethod=expr
: set foldexpr=getline(v:lnum ) =~'^=\\{78}$ '?'< 1':1
zM
If you know of a better way , please let me know .
Old cwn
If you happen to miss a CWN , you can send me a message and I 'll mail it to you , or go take a look at the archive or the RSS feed of the archives .
If you also wish to receive it every week by mail , you may subscribe online .
Alan Schmitt
Last.fm connects users who share the same music tastes
The online network was founded in the UK five years ago and it now has more than 15 million active users .
It allows users to connect with other listeners with similar music tastes , to custom - build their own radio stations and to watch music video - clips .
Last.fm founding member Martin Stiksel said it was an " exciting opportunity " .
Last.fm is one of the fastest growing online communities out there
CBS Corp
As part of the deal , Last . fm 's managing team will remain in place and the site will maintain its own separate identity .
Mr Stiksel said : " This move will really support us to get every track ever recorded and every music video ever made onto Last.fm .
" With a strong partner like CBS , this is now within our reach . "
Dot.com boom
CBS Corporation has business interests in TV , web and radio .
CBS radio is the largest radio group in the United States , with 179 stations in the top 50 markets covering news , rock , country and urban music .
The firm 's president and CEO Leslie Moonves said : " Last.fm is one of the fastest growing online communities out there . "
The web has helped revolutionise listening to music
He said Last . fm 's strength in building communities around music and syndicating content was " central to CBS " .
He added : " Their demographics also play perfectly to CBS 's goal to attract younger viewers and listeners across our businesses . "
CBS is not the first major player to purchase up - and - coming websites for millions or even billions of dollars , prompting what some have called the second dot.com boom .
In 2005 Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp snapped up social networking site MySpace for $ 580 m ( £ 290 m ) .
And last year , search engine Google paid $ 1.65 bn ( £ 883 m ) for video site YouTube .
Mr Stiksel said Last.fm would retain an independent identity .
He said CBS was buying " great technology and a very vibrant , active community " .
" They want to move from a content company to an audience company giving the audiences control and learning from this and that 's why Last.fm was their choice , " he added .
Being in London has helped us ; it 's the best place to do things with music full stop
Martin Stiksel , Last.fm
Mr Stiksel said he did not think that users would feel disappointed that a mainstream media firm had bought the site .
" When we said revolution we mean that - we put the users in charge .
CBS gets this .
" They understand that consuming media is changing , the patterns are changing . "
Online network
As part of the acquisition , the Last . fm management team , including founders Felix Miller , Martin Stiksel and Richard Jones , will continue to independently run the online network
Mr Stiksel said the deal proved that Web 2.0 companies did not have to be in the United States to succeed .
" Being in London has helped us ; it 's the best place to do things with music full stop .
It 's the place that leads the world . "
The three founders will now be among the most successful - and potentially wealthy - Web 2.0 pioneers in the world .
Mr Stiksel said : " The success of the site is the most important thing .
With a strong partner we can add the features we always dreamed about . "
Israel has built an outer ring of settlements around East Jerusalem
A leaked ICRC report says Israeli policy has far - reaching humanitarian consequences for Palestinians living under occupation in East Jerusalem .
Israel captured East Jerusalem in 1967 , and the territory is regarded as occupied land under international law .
But Israel rejects this , and says the report 's premise is , therefore , wrong .
The report says Israel shows " general disregard " for its obligations under international humanitarian law and the law of military occupation in particular .
Violations that change the status of East Jerusalem include the West Bank barrier , an outer ring of Jewish settlements around the city and roads to connect Israeli districts and settlements , the report says .
An ICRC spokesman confirmed that leaked quotations in a US newspaper were from a confidential report transmitted in February 2007 to Israel and some other governments .
Boycott
The leak comes a day before Israel marks 40 years , according to the Jewish calendar , since its capture of East Jerusalem from Jordanian control , in the 1967 war .
" We reject the premise of the report , " said Israeli foreign ministry spokesman Mark Regev .
" East Jerusalem is not occupied land , it is part of Israel .
All people there were offered full Israeli citizenship . "
Israel 's unilateral moves in Jerusalem have been condemned by several UN Security Council Resolutions .
US and EU ambassadors have boycotted ceremonies in the run-up to Israel 's Jerusalem Day on Wednesday , arguing that the status of the city should be determined by negotiations with the Palestinians .
Monad
data W a = W a deriving Show
Show
return :: a ->
W a
return x = W x
W
return
W
a -> b
W a -> W b
fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> ( W a -> W b )
fmap f ( W x ) = W ( f x )
a = W 1
b = fmap ( +1 ) a
f
f :: Int ->
W Int
f x = W ( x+1 )
f
fmap
f
f
bind :: ( a -> W b ) -> ( W a -> W b )
bind f ( W x ) = f x
fmap
c = bind f ( f 1 )
d = bind f ( bind f ( f 1 ) )
bind
fmap
fmap f = bind ( return . f )
return
bind
g :: Int -> W Int ->
W Int
g x ( W y ) = W ( x+y )
W y
bind
h :: W Int -> W Int ->
W Int
h ( W x ) ( W y ) = W ( x+y )
>>=
bind
bind f x = x >>= f
W
fmap
W
Functor
> data W x = W x deriving Show
> instance Functor W where
> fmap f ( W x ) = W ( f x )
> instance Monad W where
> return x = W x
> W x >>= f = f x
W
join :: W ( W a ) ->
W a
Monad
Monad
Solutions to Exercises
g :: Int -> W Int ->
W Int
g x ( W y ) = W ( x+y )
g x y = ...
>>=
( +1 )
>>=
Int ->
Int
Int ->
W Int
return
g x y = y >>= ( return . ( + x ) )
h :: W Int -> W Int ->
W Int
h ( W x ) ( W y ) = W ( x+y )
g
h x y = ...
g
x
\x -> g x y
Int ->
W Int
h x y = x >>= ( \x -> g x y )
h x y = x >>= flip g y
( m >>= f ) >>= g = m >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g )
m
W x
x
( W x >>= f ) >>= g
= ( f x ) >>= g
W x >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g )
= ( \x -> f x >>= g ) x
= f x >>= g
Update : I 've added some solutions to exercises below .
Haskell monads form a type class .
And Haskell type classes are essentially interfaces shared by some types .
So thetype class is a common API for talking to a bunch of different types .
So the question is this : what 's so special about this API ?
One way to grasp an API is to see concrete examples .
Usually the monad API is introduced through containers or IO .
But I think that the prototypical monad through which all others can be understood is much simpler - it 's the trivial monad .
APIs often capture design patterns , and the design pattern here is a one - way wrapper .
We can wrap things but we can't unwrap them .
We still want to be able to whatever we like to the wrapped data , but anything that depends on anything wrapped should itself be wrapped .
Without further ado , here 's a wrapper type : ( Thebit is just so we can play with these things interactively . )
Note how it does n't add anything except some wrapping .
And the first thing we need is to be able to wrap anything we like .
We can do that easily with this function : ( We could have just usedinstead of .
But I 'm heading towards a common API that will work with other types too , so it obviously can't be called . )
And now we need one more thing - a way to manipulate wrapped data leaving it wrapped .
There 's an obvious idea .
Given any functionwe write a function that converts it to a function .
This is guaranteed to keep things under wraps .
So here goes It seems that we 've finished .
For example we can wrap a number and then increment it :
But here 's something we can't do .
Define a functionlike this :
It increments and returns a wrapped result .
Now suppose we want to apply the underlying operation here twice , ie .
we 'd like to increment a number twice and return a wrapped result .
We can't simply applytwice because ( 1 ) it'll doubly wrap our result and ( 2 ) it'll attempt to add 1 to a wrapped result , something that does n't make sense .
does n't do what we want either .
Try it in an interactive Haskell session .
It seems we need a way to apply , unwrap the result and applyagain .
But we 've already said that we do n't want to allow people to unwrap these things .
We we need to provide a higher order function that does the unwrapping and application for us .
As long as this function always gives us back something that is wrapped , our end users will never be able to unwrap anything .
Here 's an idea for such a function : Notice how it 's very similar tobut is even simpler .
So now we can try doubly , or triply , incrementing Notice howis more general than .
In fact , And that 's it .
Usingandwe have achieved our goal of wrapping objects and freely manipulating wrapped objects while keeping them wrapped .
What 's more , we can chain functions that wrap without getting bogged down in multiple layers of wrapping .
And that , really , sums up what a Haskell monad is all about .
So here are a couple of exercises : ( 1 ) define a functionso that .
Obviously that definition wo n't do - the left hand side has apattern so it 's actually unwrapping .
Rewrite this function so that the only unwrapping that happens is carried out by ( 2 ) define a functionso that .
Again , no unwrapping .
I'm hoping that after you 've done these exercises you 'll see how you can still work freely with data even though it 's wrapped .
In Haskell , it is more usual to use the operatorinstead ofwhereSo the last question is this : why would you ever wrap data like this ?
In practice people tend not to use the trivial monad very much .
Nonetheless , you can see how it might be used to represent tainted data .
Wrapped data is considered tainted .
Our API never lets us forget when data is tainted and yet it still allows us to do what we like with it .
Any time we try to do anything with tainted data the result is also tainted , exactly as we might expect .
What I find interesting is that almost every monad , including IO , lists and even probability , can be thought of quite naturally as variations on taint .
I hope to say more about this in the near future .
Anyway , code above fails to compile because of some namespace clashes .
Here 's a complete definition ofthat really works .
Note also that , which we showed we do n't really need , allows us to makean instance oftoo : Exercise 3 : Prove the three monad laws for .
This should be almost trivial .
Exercise 4 : We can't completely unwrap things using the monad API .
But we can unwrap one layer from things that are wrapped twice .
So here 's a nice puzzle : define a functionusing theAPI and no explicit unwrapping .
In conclusion , most monad tutorials show what monads are , and how to use them .
I hope I 've given some additional insight into why theinterface consists precisely of the two functions it does .
That insight should become clearer when I say more about taint .
PS I 've been a bit busy lately with planning for kitchen remodelling , lots of work and a new cat ( ! ) .
I probably wo n't be posting very frequently for a few months .
Some people have found the exercises tricky so I 'm posting some solutions .
I think it 's a good sign that they 're tricky , it means that there is some non-trivial stuff to be learnt from playing with this monad .
It ought to figure more strongly in tutorials .
In a sense it allows people to learn about monadicity in its purest form .
Anyway , enough of that .
Exercise 1 : We wantso that .
Start the definition like this We want to apply ( +x ) to y .
But y is wrapped so we must useto apply it .
Butdoes n't have the right type to be applied with , it 's annot an .
So we must compose withand we getExercise 2 : We wantso that .
Butis already fairly close .
So again write
The difference fromis thatis wrapped .
So we want to applyto our wrapped value .
This function is already of type .
So we can just writeor justExercise 3 : I 'll just do the last one : is of the formfor someSo the LHS equals the RHS .
Incidentally , you can get a long way with these problems by not thinking about what 's going on !
Instead , just write out the type signatures of all of the functions involved and try to stick them together like a jigsaw puzzle so that the final result has the right type .
At each stage the arguments of each function must match the signature of the function so it really is like fitting the shapes of jigsaw pieces together .
This is n't a foolproof strategy , but it often works .
Anyway , feel free to ask questions if you 're still stuck .
Some of your questions may be answered here
Labels : haskell , monad
pics ( rand ) | videos ( rand ) | games | n game | line rider more games --------- Games Home --------- Nodes Bloxorz Frogger N Game Pacman Penguin Cat Golf Mahjong Mini Golf Asteroids Line Rider Duck Hunt Black Jack Simon Says Mouse Skills Space Invaders more apps --------- Your IP Add Dates Free Radio Bud Light Free Music Speed
Test more videos
--------- Videos Home ---------
Notice : Undefined variable : select in /home / enterta4/public_html/interface.php on line 222
Ferrari in Paris Climbing Russian Indian Intersection An Inconvenient Truth Base Jumping Video Bubb Rubb Afro Ninja Diet Coke and Mentos Matrix Ping Pong Ever win the lottery Beat Mario in 11 mins Kollaboration Amazing Juggling Treadmill fall Bananna Shock Leprechaun Mobile AL Gymnast hits horse Diving board fall Kid Misses Pool Lady Punch Foosball Tricks Ridiculous Soccer Terry Tate BMX Bike Crash Huge Football Hits Basketball Jam Hamster wheel Jack Lambert Tribute 30 Foot Bike drop 720 degree Jam Sick Free Ride Biking Super Long Escalator 50 Years of Dance skit Amazing RC Plane Michael Jackson 80 Meter Soccer Goal Gas and fire Test Kinetic Energy Fainting Goats Honda Commercial Italian lady fight Clumsiest Fisherman Dancing Skeleton Drunk Paula Abdul Extreme Free Skiing Crocodile Hunter Noah over 6 years Human Slingshot Baby gas Wheelchair backflip OK Go! Treadmills The Urban Ninja Bush Impersonation Bush Bloopers Katana Green Tea Katana Egg Slice Katana Tomato Slice Hamster going 68 mph Crazy Climbing Asians Shoes , Shoes , Shoes The Landlord Scarecrow Prank Christmas Lights Little Superstar Angry Biker Javelin Fall Dumbest Criminal Al Gore to Congress Team Hoyt Free Hugs Otters holding hands The Train Rider Where the hell is Matt Kiwis Can Fly John F. Kennedy Eisenhower Quiznos Subs Bhumibol Adulyadej The iRack RTW Packing List | Shiftpod | Antarctica Honeymoon
How to Speed Clean Your Home in 30 Minutes
What happens if I informed you that you could maintain your residence speed clean in regarding ...
I heard this tale in India .
A hat seller , on waking from a nap under a tree , found that a group of monkeys had taken all his hats to the top of the tree .
In exasperation he took off his own hat and flung it to the ground .
The monkeys , known for their imitative urge , hurled down the hats , which the hat seller promptly collected .
Half a century later his grandson , also a hat seller , set down his wares under the same tree for a nap .
On waking , he was dismayed to discover that monkeys had taken all his hats to the treetop .
Then he remembered his grandfather 's story , so he threw his own hat to the ground .
But , mysteriously , none of the monkeys threw any hats , and only one monkey came down .
It took the hat on the ground firmly in hand , walked up to the hat seller , gave him a slap and said , " You think only you have a grandfather ? "
This story illustrates an important distinction between ordinary decision theory and game theory .
In the latter , what is rational for one player may depend on what is rational for the other player .
For Lucy to get her decision right , she must put herself in Pete 's shoes and think about what he must be thinking .
But he will be thinking about what she is thinking , leading to an infinite regression .
Game theorists describe this situation by saying that " rationality is common knowledge among the players . "
In other words , Lucy and Pete are rational , they each know that the other is rational , they each know that the other knows , and so on .
The assumption that rationality is common knowledge is so pervasive in game theory that it is rarely stated explicitly .
Yet it can run us into problems .
In some games that are played over time , such as repeated rounds of Prisoner 's Dilemma , players can make moves that are incompatible with this assumption .
I believe that the assumption that rationality is common knowledge is the source of the conflict between logic and intuition and that , in the case of Traveler 's Dilemma , the intuition is right and awaiting validation by a better logic .
The problem is akin to what happened in early set theory .
At that time , mathematicians took for granted the existence of a universal set - a set that contained everything .
The universal set seemed extremely natural and obvious , yet ultimately several paradoxes of set theory were traced to the assumption that it existed , which mathematicians now know is flawed .
In my opinion , the common knowledge of rationality assumed by game theorists faces a similar demise .
- K.B .
As I ’ve been investigating ZFS for use on production systems , I ’ve been making a great deal of notes , and jotting down little " cookbook recipies " for various tasks .
One of the coolest systems I ’ve created recently utilised the zfs send & receive commands , along with incremental snapshots to create a replicated ZFS environment across two different systems .
True , all this is present in the zfs manual page , but sometimes a quick demonstration makes things easier to understand and follow .
While this is n’t true filesystem replication ( you ’d have to look at something like StorageTek AVS for that ) it does provide periodic snapshots and incremental updates ; these can be run every minute if you ’re driving this from cron – or , at even more granular intervals if you write your own daemon .
Nonetheless , this suffices for disaster recovery and redundancy if you do n’t need up - to - the second replication between systems .
I ’ve typed up my notes in blog format so you can follow along with this example yourself , all you ’ll need is a Solaris system running ZFS .
Read more for the full demonstration …
First , as with my last walkthrough , I ’ll create a couple of files to use for testing purposes .
In a real - life scenario , these would most likely be pools of disks in a RAIDZ configuration , and the two pools would also be on physically separate systems .
I ’m only using 100 Mb files for each , as that ’s all I need for this proof of concept .
There we go .
The naming should be pretty self - explanatory :
The " master " is the primary storage pool , which will replicate and push data through to the backup " slave " pool .
Now , I ’ll create a ZFS filesystem and add something to it .
I had a few source tarballs knocking around , so I just unpacked one ( GNU grep ) to give me a set of files to use as a test :
We can also see from " zfs list " we ’ve now taken up some space :
[ [ email protected ] ] $ zfs list
NAME USED AVAIL REFER MOUNTPOINT
master 3.24 M 60.3 M 25.5 K / master
master / data 3.15 M 60.3 M 3.15 M / master/data
slave 75.5 K 63.4 M 24.5 K / slave
Now , we ’ll transfer all this over to the " slave " , and start the replication going .
We first need to take an initial snapshot of the filesystem , as that ’s what " zfs send " works on .
It ’s also worth noting here that in order to transfer the data to the slave , I simply piped it to " zfs receive " .
If you ’re doing this between two physically separate systems , you ’d most likely just pipe this through SSH between the systems and set up keys to avoid the need for passwords .
Anyway , enough talk :
This now sent it through to the slave .
It ’s also worth pointing out that I did n’t have to recreate the exact same pool or zfs structure on the slave ( which may be useful if you are replicating between dissimilar systems ) , but I chose to keep the filesystem layout the same for the sake of legibility in this example .
I also simply used a numeric identifier for each snapshot ; in a production system , timestamps may be more appropriate .
Anyway , let ’s take a quick look at " zfs list " , where we ’ll see the slave has now gained a snapshot utilising exactly the same amount of space as the master :
Now , here comes a big " gotcha " .
You now have to set the " readonly " attribute on the slave .
I discovered that if this was not set , even just cd-ing into the slave ’s mountpoints would cause things to break in subsequent replication operations ; presumably down to metadata ( access times and the like ) being altered .
So , let ’s look in the slave to see if our files are there :
Excellent stuff !
However , the real coolness starts with the incremental transfers – instead of transferring the whole lot again , we can just send only the bits of data that actually changed – this will drastically reduce bandwidth and the time taken to replicate data , making a " cron " based system of periodic snapshots and transfers feasable .
To demonstrate this , I ’ll unpack another tarball ( this time , GNU bison ) on the master so I have some more data to send :
And we ’ll now make a second snapshot , and transfer differences between this one and the last :
Checking to see what ’s happened , we see the slave has gained another snapshot :
And our new data is now there as well : And that ’s it .
All that remains to turn this into a production system between two hosts is for a periodic cron job to be written that runs at the appropriate intervals ( daily , or even every minute if need be ) and snapshots the filesystem before transferring it .
You ’ll also likely want to have another job that clears out old snapshots , or maybe archives them off somewhere .
Computer programming quotes
" I speak Spanish to God , Italian to women , French to men , and German to my horse . " — Emperor Charles V ( 1500 — 1558 )
Mmmmh ...
What about C , C++ , Fortran , Ada and Java ?
The following are humorous ( and sometimes serious too ) quotes gathered from the Web , Usenet 's personal .sig and other sources .
Since it 's all a big rip - off , I am assuming no copyright whatsoever .
I do n't even guarantee that they are accurate .
Now that you 've been warned , enjoy .
Programming Languages
" Profanity is the one language all programmers know best . "
" When someone says : ' I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done ' , give him a lollipop . " — Alan J. Perlis .
" A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant . " — Alan J. Perlis .
" I have the ability to arrange 1's and 0's in such an order that an x86 processor can actually interpret and execute those commands .
It 's called Computer Programming , but it 's the closest that a man can ever get to giving birth in my opinion .
And I somehow feel responsible for the future existence and acceptance of my " child " .
I 'd spend hours trying to find the tiny bug that causes my child to misbehave or act strangely .
But that 's my mild superpower ...
I make the world a better place by writing mindless back - end programs that no - one will ever see nor even know that it 's there .
But I know ; and that 's all that matters . " — Alucard .
" I 'm taking a break from programming and trying to escape the world of geekness and then WinAmp brings up ' Norah Jones — Pointer Song ' GODAMN IT LEAVE ME ALONE . " — billy_s .
" Typing is no substitute for thinking . " — Dartmouth Basic manual , 1964 .
" It should be noted that no ethically - trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure .
Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure , to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter .
— Nathaniel Borenstein .
" Two languages implementing the same idea must , on pain of death , use different terms . " — Feldman 's Law of Programming Terminology .
C & Unix
" It 's 5.50 a .m....
Do you know where your stack pointer is ? "
C /n./: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like assembly except that it is n't very much like either one , or anything else .
It is either the best language available to the art today , or it is n't .
— Ray Simard .
" If it was n't for C , we'd be writing programs in BASI , PASAL , and OBOL . "
" I have yet to meet a C compiler that is more friendly and easier to use than eating soup with a knife . "
" In My Egotistical Opinion , most people 's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt . " — Blair P. Houghton .
" Going from programming in Pascal to programming in C , is like learning to write in Morse code . " — J.P. Candusso .
" Trying to outsmart a compiler defeats much of the purpose of using one . " — Kernighan & Plauger , The Elements of Programming Style .
" If you lie to the compiler , it will have its revenge . " — Henry Spencer .
" #define QUESTION ( ( bb ) || !( bb ) ) " — Shakespeare .
" C is not a high - level language . " — Kernighan .
" I like C , because it avoids class warfare . " — Elon Musk .
" Any C programmer here ?
Yeah i got a C in programming class .
That counts ? "
" In C expressions , you can assume that * , / , and % come before + and -.
Put parentheses around everything else . " — Steve Oualline , C Elements of Style .
" I will not be a lemming and follow the crowd over the cliff and into the C. " — John ( Jack ) Beidler .
" Because we are returning a copy for postfix ++ expressions , statements such as ( c++ ) ++ ; wo n't work as expected . " — Weiskamp & Flamig , The Complete C++ Primer .
" Evolution of the C programmer : 0 months to 1 month : complete beginner
1 month to 1 year : incomplete beginner
1 year to 2 years : acolyte
2 years to 3 years : adept
3 years to 8 years : expert
at 8 years : discovers comp.lang.c
8 years + : buggrit , back to beginner again ! " — Richard Heathfield .
" ... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that , lacking zero , they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs . " — Robert Firth .
" I 've never met anyone responsible for C language code maintenance who speaks well of the C Language .
Anyone out there who LIKES to maintain C code ? " — Ted Dennison .
"// Dear maintainer :
//
//
When I wrote this code , only I and God knew what it was .
// Now , only God knows !
//
//
So if you are done trying to ' optimize ' this routine ( and failed ) ,
// please increment the following counter as a warning to the next guy :
//
int total_hours_wasted_here = 67 ; "
" C is quirky , flawed , and an enormous success . " — Dennis M. Ritchie ( 1941-2011 ) .
" A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors . " — Waldi Ravens .
" The C Programming Language — A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language . "
" The more I C , the less I see . "
" C programmers never die .
They are just cast into void . "
" A UNIX saleslady , Lenore
Likes work , but likes the beach more .
She found a clever way
To mix work with play ...
She sells C shells by the seashore . "
" It is easier to port a shell than a shell script . " — Larry Wall .
" Fixing Unix is easier than living with NT . " — Jonathan Gilpin .
" There are two major products that come out of Berkeley : LSD and UNIX .
We do n't believe this to be a coincidence . " — Jeremy S. Anderson .
" I liken starting one 's computing career with Unix , say as an undergraduate , to being born in East Africa .
It is intolerably hot , your body is covered with lice and flies , you are malnourished and you suffer from numerous curable diseases .
But , as far as young East Africans can tell , this is simply the natural condition and they live within it .
By the time they find out differently , it is too late .
They already think that the writing of shell scripts is a natural act . " — Ken Pier , Xerox PARC .
" The original Unix solved a problem and solved it well , as did the Roman numeral system , the mercury treatment for syphilis , and carbon paper . "
" Confucius say :
He who play in root , eventually kill tree . "
" To err is human ... to really foul up requires the root password . "
" Unix is the answer , but only if you phrase the question very carefully . "
" 19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM " —
The end of the word according to Unix ( 232 seconds after Jan 1st 1970 ) .
" Unix is user - friendly .
It 's just very selective about who its friends are . "
" UNIX : It 's not just ' User - Unfriendly ' , it 's ' Proactively User - Hostile ' ! "
" Programming graphics in X is like finding sqrt ( pi ) using Roman numerals . "
" The number of the beast — vi vi vi . "
" In years past , I knew of someone who used emacs as his login shell , the only thing he found wanting in emacs was a good text editor .
So he ended up using vi . " — Anonymous
" VMS is a text - only adventure game .
If you win you can use unix . " — W. Davidson .
" The big difference between UNIX and VMS :
To do anything on UNIX , you need to know an obscure command .
To do anything on VMS , you need to know an obscure option to SET . "
C++
" Fifty years of programming language research , and we end up with C++ ??? " — Richard A. O'Keefe .
" I invented the term ' Object - Oriented ' , and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind . " — Alan Kay , creator of Smalltalk .
" C++ : Hard to learn and built to stay that way . "
" Java is , in many ways , C ++--. " — Michael Feldman .
" How C++ is like teenage sex :
It is on everyone 's mind all the time .
Everyone talks about it all the time .
Everyone thinks everyone else is doing it .
Almost no one is really doing it .
The few who are doing it are : A. Doing it poorly .
B . Sure it will be better next time .
C. Not practicing it safely . "
" C++ is a horrible language .
It 's made more horrible by the fact that a lot of substandard programmers use it , to the point where it 's much much easier to generate total and utter crap with it .
Quite frankly , even if the choice of C were to do * nothing * but keep the C++ programmers out , that in itself would be a huge reason to use C. " — Linux Torvalds .
" Friends , much as in real life , are often more trouble than their worth . " — Scott Meyers on friend functions in C ++.
" Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed , " — Bob Gray .
" Ever spend a little time reading comp.lang .c++ ?
That 's really the best place to learn about the number of C++ users looking for a better language . " — R. William Beckwith .
" The evolution of languages : FORTRAN is a non-typed language .
C is a weakly typed language .
Ada is a strongly typed language .
C++ is a strongly hyped language . " — Ron Sercely .
" Do n't include a single line in your code which you could not explain to your grandmother in a matter of two minutes .
And of course ... assume your grandmother is not Ada Lovelace . " — Anonymous .
" PL / I and Ada started out with all the bloat , were very daunting languages , and got bad reputations ( deservedly ) .
C++ has shown that if you slowly bloat up a language over a period of years , people do n't seem to mind as much . " — James Hague .
" What is the object oriented way of getting rich ?
— Inheritance . "
" In the one and only true way .
The object - oriented version of ' Spaghetti code ' is , of course , ' Lasagna code ' .
( Too many layers ) . " — Roberto Waltman .
" C(++ ) is a write - only , high - level assembler language . " — Stefan Van Baelen .
" — C++ has its place in the history of programming languages .
— Just as Caligula has his place in the history of the Roman Empire ? " — Robert Firth .
" C++ : Where friends have access to your private members . " — Gavin Russell Baker .
" C++ would make a decent teaching language if we could teach the ++ part without the C part . " — Michael B. Feldman .
" The great thing about Object Oriented code is that it can make small , simple problems look like large , complex ones . "
" In C++ it 's harder to shoot yourself in the foot , but when you do , you blow off your whole leg . " — Bjarne Stroustrup .
" There are only two kinds of languages : the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses . " — Bjarne Stroustrup , creator of C ++.
" If you put 100 million monkeys to hammer away at keyboards for 100 million years , one of them will write a c program .
The rest will write Perl . "
" Hybrid ( ' half - assed ' ) object languages like C++ are worst of all , as they unite the simplicity of Brainfuck with the inherent security of C and the speed of Perl . " —
Tony .
Cobol
" Cobol : Completely Obsolete Business Orientated Language . "
" The use of COBOL cripples the mind ; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense . " — E.W. Dijkstra ( 1930 — 2002 ) .
" COBOL programs are an exercise in Artificial Inelegance . "
" If a group of N persons implements a COBOL compiler , there will be N - 1 passes .
Someone in the group has to be the manager . "
" Shots through the Terminator 's vision show Motorola 6502 microprocessor assembler code ; the 6502 chip is the main CPU for the Apple II computer .
Other code visible is written in COBOL . " —
From the IMDB trivia .
" Erroneous COBOL programs were often referred to as ' pregnant programs ' because the issue was usually due to missed periods . "
" COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods . "
Perl , PHP , Regexp ...
" If Python is executable pseudocode , then perl is executable line noise . "
" Python 's a drop - in replacement for BASIC in the sense that Optimus Prime is a drop - in replacement for a truck . " — MFen .
" PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs , whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil , perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals . " — Jon Ribbens .
" I 'm not a real programmer .
I throw together things until it works then I move on .
The real programmers will say : " yeah it works but you 're leaking memory everywhere .
Perhaps we should fix that " .
I 'll just restart apache every 10 requests . " — Rasmus Lerdorf , author of PHP .
" If PHP was originally designed explicitly for non-programmers , does that mean you write non-programs with it ? "
" Perl 1.0 : All the power of QBasic , the readability of assembly , and the flexibility of DOS batch scripting ... "
" If I 've got a simple task to do ( eg the text - file - of - URLS example ) then I knock it up in shell script .
By the time that simple task has feature - creeped up to more than 20 lines I start to wish I 'd written it in Perl .
So I rewrite .
By the time that Perl script has crept up to more than 200 lines I start to wish it was written in Python .
So I rewrite .
By the time that Python script has crept up to 2000 lines I start to wish I 'd farmed the job out to a team of programmers , and I give up caring what language its written in and make them do it as a web service .
Then I write a small shell script to call their web service .
When that shell script has feature - creeped up to more than 20 lines ... " — Bazman .
" Though I 'll admit readability suffers slightly ... " — Larry Wall ( of Perl fame ) .
" Larry Wall invented Perl .
If that does n't show the mind - twisting effect that religion can have on some people , I do n't know what does . " — UserGogol upon learning that Larry Wall is Christian .
" When they first built the University of California at Irvine they just put the buildings in .
They did not put any sidewalks , they just planted grass .
The next year , they came back and put the sidewalks where the trails were in the grass .
Perl is just that kind of language .
It is not designed from first principles .
Perl is those sidewalks in the grass . " — Larry Wall .
" After Perl everything else is just assembly language . "
" I would rather use Java than Perl .
And I 'd rather be eaten by a crocodile than use Java . " — Trouser .
" If I wanted plastic scissors I 'd use Java .
Give me my scalpel back . " — JustNiz .
" Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSs is like saying that an al s ex is nice because it works on all genders . " — Alanna .
" I wo n't program in java anymore .
I 'm not Marxist and do n't believe in classes . " — phluid .
" Fine , Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like .
But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN'T be like . " — pixadel .
" While the PHP libraries may be a touch on the fragile and ' arbitrary ' side , compared to the libraries in Java , for example , the language itself is like Miss America to Perl 's Roseanne Barr . " — Fnkmaster .
" Perl is like my ex-girlfriend ...
I used to be all over her ^H^H^Hit but am now fawning over the knockout redhead Ruby .
Unfortunately , I had several children with my ex that still need to be cared for — feature improvements , bugfixes , restarts .
Hopefully one day they 'll grow up and leave the house so Ruby can have me all to herself . " — tedhiltonhead .
" Some people , when confronted with a problem , think ' I know , I 'll use regular expressions ' .
Now they have two problems . " — Jamie Zawinski .
" Q : When do I need xml ?
A : When I need a new buzz word for my resume . " —
From the W3 XML page .
Ada , Fortran , Lisp , assembler , brainf **k and whatnot ...
" Some languages are designed to solve a problem .
Others are designed to prove a point . " — Bell Labs saying .
" Do you program in Assembly ? " she asked .
" NOP " , he said .
" A developer writes an average of 6 lines of code per day for the entire project ; think what you can do with 6 lines of Assembler and with 6 lines of a high level language . "
" Low - level programming is good for the programmer 's soul . " — John Carmack .
" You can tell how far we have to go , when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers . " — Steven Feiner .
" FORTRAN , the infantile disorder , by now nearly 20 years old , is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today : it is now too clumsy , too risky , and too expensive to use . " — Edsger W. Dijkstra , circa 1970 .
" FORTRAN was the language of choice for the same reason that three - legged races are popular . " — Ken Thompson , " Reflections on Trusting Trust "
" In the good old days physicists repeated each other 's experiments , just to be sure .
Today they stick to FORTRAN , so that they can share each other 's programs , bugs included . " — E.W. Dijkstra ( 1930 — 2002 ) .
" Consistently separating words by spaces became a general custom about the tenth century A.D. , and lasted until about 1957 , when FORTRAN abandoned the practice . " — Sun FORTRAN Reference Manual .
" FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed — it is hardy , occasionally blooms , and grows in every computer . " — Alan J. Perlis .
" You can create bad Fortran in any language . "
" I am pissed off .
My university 's motto is ' A university for the REAL world ' .
And so they start off a game programming degree with six months of LISP . " — TraumaPony .
" Lisp is n't a language , it 's a building material . " — Alan Kay .
" The problem with object - oriented languages is that they 've got all this implicit environment that they carry around with them .
You wanted a banana but what you 've got is a gorilla holding the banana and the entire jungle . " — Joe Armstrong , inventor of Erlang .
" Any language that will allow you to define the number 4 as a word that places the number 3 on the stack can be a frightening weapon . " — About Forth .
" Pascal /n. / A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it . "
" BASIC programmers never die , they GOSUB and do n't RETURN . "
" Real programmers do n't write in BASIC .
Actually , no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty . "
" When Roman engineers built a bridge , they had to stand under it while the first legion marched across .
If programmers today worked under similar ground rules , they might well find themselves getting much more interested in Ada ! " — Robert Dewar , President Ada Core Technologies .
" Q : If anyone knows of a book that is the functional equivalent of ' The Idiot 's Guide to C ' for the Ada language , please send me the title and author .
A : Idiots do n't use Ada.
Idiots only use C or derivations . " — David Weller .
" Epigram : Ada is the 400 - pound gorilla of programming languages . "
" The problem about all graphical programming languages is that when your project becomes complex , not only will you have spaghetti code , but it will actually look like spaghetti too . "
Bugs
" They do n't make bugs like Bunny anymore . " — Olav Mjelde .
" ' Always apply the latest updates ' and ' If it ain't broke , do n't fix it ' are the two rules of system administration ... "
" If debugging is the process of removing software bugs , then programming must be the process of putting them in . "
" A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail . " — Jerry Ogdin .
" Spiders are the only web developers that enjoy finding bugs . "
" Why do programmers prefer dark mode ?
Cause light attracts bugs . "
" On two occasions I have been asked [ by members of Parliament ! ] : ' Pray , Mr. Babbage , if you put into the machine wrong figures , will the right answers come out ?'
I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question . " — Charles Babbage .
" That 's the thing about people who think they hate computers .
What they really hate is lousy programmers . " — Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in " Oath of Fealty " .
" Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs , but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence . " — Edsger W. Dijkstra .
" At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors , including the error of blaming it on the computer . "
" 1 . That can't happen
2 . That does n't happen on my machine
3 . That should n't happen
4 . Why does that happen ?
5 . Oh , I see
6 . How did that ever work ? " —
The Six Stages of Debugging .
" When the only tool you own is a hammer , every problem you encounter resembles a nail . "
" Debugging is being a detective in a crime story where you are also the murderer . "
" System Error : press F13 to continue ... "
" 99 little bugs in the code .
99 little bugs in the code .
Take one down , patch it around .
127 little bugs in the code ... "
"
" To err is human , but for a real disaster you need a computer . "
" Some developers , when encountering a problem , say : ' I know , I 'll use floating - point numbers !'
Now , they have 1.9999999997 problems . "
" I got .99999999 problems , and a float ai n't one . "
" My computer NEVER loc
" Computers make very fast , very accurate mistakes . "
" If it works , leave it alone — there 's no need to understand it .
If it fails , try to fix it — there 's no time to understand it . " — Bill Pfeifer .
" I have a friend who told me that the very best computer system ever built by mankind was by the Druids at Stonehenge .
Well , that 's an old story .
But what I liked was that he felt the Druids did n't die out , they just went bankrupt trying to debug the software . " — J. Finke .
" Assumption is the mother of all fuckups . " — Anonymous .
" It 's not that I 'm surrounded by incompetence that bothers me , it 's that I fit in so well . "
" Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning . "
" I do n't care if it works on your machine !
We are not shipping your machine ! " — Vidiu Platon .
" Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place .
Therefore , if you write the code as cleverly as possible , you are , by definition , not smart enough to debug it . " — Brian W. Kernighan .
" We know about as much about software quality problems as they knew about the Black Plague in the 1600s .
We 've seen the victims ' agonies and helped burn the corpses .
We do n't know what causes it ; we do n't really know if there is only one disease .
We just suffer — and keep pouring our sewage into our water supply . " — Tom Van Vleck .
" ... In fact , never ever use gets ( ) or sprintf ( ) , period .
If you do we will send evil dwarfs after you . " — FreeBSD Secure Programming Guidelines .
" The combination of threads , remote - procedure - call interfaces , and heavyweight object - oriented design is especially dangerous ... if you are ever invited onto a project that is supposed to feature all three , fleeing in terror might well be an appropriate reaction . " — Eric Raymond , " The Art of Unix Programming " .
" The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong , you are only off by a bit . "
" Would you rather Test - First , or Debug - Later ? " — Robert Martin .
" Do n't worry , we have plenty of time to get the Nuclear Missile Launch program Y2 K compliant , besides , I always code better after a few drinks . "
" Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code . "
" Who is this ' General Failure ' and why is he reading my disk ? "
" Programmers and old people have a lot in common .
We 're both always looking for ways to control leaks and dumps . " — Ralf .
" hAS aNYONE sEEN MY cAPSLOCK kEY ? "
" It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa . "
" It is twice as difficult to debug a program as to write it .
Therefore , if you put all of your creativity and effort into writing the program , you are not smart enough to debug it . "
" We have a bug that occurs on the 31st of a month so once a month we get a bug report .
It gets assigned to a developer within 24 hours who then fiddles for a bit before marking it ' unable to reproduce ' . " — kosh .
" I'm in the computer business , I make Out - Of - Order signs . "
" Kevorkian Virus : helps your computer shut down whenever it wants to . "
" Error , no keyboard — press F1 to continue . "
" Cannot delete tmp150 ---3.tmp :
There is not enough free disk space .
Delete one or more files to free disk space , and then try again . "
" File not found .
Should I fake it ? ( Y/N ) "
" Beware of bugs in the above code ; I have only proved it correct , not tried it . " — Donald E. Knuth .
" The first manned space flight had a computer on board to control re-entry , but it was basic in the extreme , and locked so Comrade Gagarin could n't tamper with it .
An envelope with the code to unlock the computer was hidden somewhere in the capsule , and should an emergency arise , ground control would tell him where it was . "
" When all else fails , read the instructions . " — L. Iasellio .
" Computer system analysis is like child - rearing ; you can do grievous damage , but you cannot ensure success . " — Tom DeMarco .
" As currently implemented , the etime function fails across month and year boundaries .
Since etime is an M - file , you can modify the code to work across these boundaries if needed . " — Found in the Matlab documentation .
You mean to tell me I should pay several hundred $ for code that does n't even work , but ' fortunately ' I can modify it myself to make it work !?!
Thanks but I 'll stick to Octave .
" The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children . " — Linus Torvalds .
" When in doubt , use brute force . " — Ken Thompson .
" If brute force does n't solve your problems , then you are n't using enough . "
" The definition of an upgrade : Take old bugs out , put new ones in . "
" Evolution is God 's way of issuing upgrades . "
" It should be noted that no ethically - trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure .
Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure , to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter .
" — Nathaniel Borenstein .
" That 's the thing about people who think they hate computers .
What they really hate is lousy programmers . " — Larry Niven .
" The only problem with troubleshooting is that sometimes trouble shoots back . "
" Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs . " — Kernighan .
" If it 's not on fire , it 's a software problem . "
" Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live . " — Martin Golding .
" Never test for an error condition you do n't know how to handle . " — Steinbach 's Guideline for Systems Programmers .
" Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday , rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday 's code . " — Christopher Thompson .
" My software never has bugs .
It just develops random features . "
" The only difference between a bug and a feature is the documentation . "
" Programming is like sex : one mistake and you 're providing support for a lifetime . " — Michael Sinz .
" There are two ways to write error - free programs ; only the third one works . " — Alan J. Perlis .
" There are two ways of constructing a software design .
One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies .
And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies . "
— C.A.R. Hoare .
" A one - question geek test .
If you get the joke , you 're a geek : Seen on a California license plate on a VW Beetle : ' FEATURE '... " — Joshua D. Wachs , Natural Intelligence Inc .
" Q : How can you tell an extroverted computer geek from an introverted computer geek ?
A : The introverted computer geek will look at his shoes while he talks to you .
The extroverted computer geek will look at your shoes while he talks to you . "
" Q : How do you tell if an extroverted computer geek is Russian ?
A : His shoes look at you while he is talking . "
" To work on a program with the compiler in debug mode and then to sell it compiling it without the debug option is like learning to swim with floaters and then taking them off to swim across the Atlantic . " —
My C professor .
" I hope the Q - Tips in that 500 count box I bought last night are Year 2000 compliant , ' cause it'll take me at least three years to get through them all . " — Mark Mundy .
" It 's a little - known fact that the Y1 K problem caused the Dark Ages . "
" As an ultimate incentive to solve the millennium bug computer problem , China has ordered its airline executives to take a flight on January 1 , 2000 . " — The Financial Times .
" It 's 11:59 on December 31 1999 .
In two minutes time , are you gonna be glad you do n't have a bank account ? "
Are you freezing to death mentally ?
In survival training courses we ’re taught that just before a person freezes to death they feel warm , peaceful , and comfortable and that they just want to lie down and go to sleep .
You ’re taught to look out for that feeling and try to keep your mental wits about you and keep moving .
I think there ’s an epidemic of people in the world today that are freezing to death mentally .
There ’s a term that ’s popular in a lot of Internet Marketing forums called the “ Herd Mind ” or “ Marketing to the Herd ” .
The concept is that people blindly follow each other like a herd of cattle .
We ’re conditioned to take the “ accepted ” path with our lives : which usually means getting a job and spending a large portion of our waking lives at work .
We want the big house and the big car and take on big debt to get those things .
Once you do , you ’re locked into a life of serving that debt .
See my post Banks +
Debt = Evil .
People eventually start identifying themselves with their jobs .
When you ’re young and just starting out , you look up to and respect the people at the top of the company .
You listen in awe as they talk about the time they put in and the sacrifices they make for the company .
You begin to work an extra hour or two a few times a week to get noticed , and then it becomes more and more .
Before long , you ’re working all the time .
Then you start feeling guilty if you ’re not working .
This attitude of giving your life to your job becomes ingrained in you .
You know to reach the top rung you have to sacrifice .
You ’ve probably created , built , or accomplished something substantial , or sold an amazing amount of product : but who benefited from it the most , you or your employer ?
Your employer did .
Are you in this position ?
What have you lost because of the hours you ’ve put in at work ?
Have you lost a marriage ?
Did you miss your children growing up ?
Did you forget about the dreams you once had and the things you were passionate about ?
Are you numb ?
Are you feeling warm , peaceful , and comfortable and just want to lie down and go to sleep ?
Mental Hypothermia .
Or , maybe you do your 9 to 5 or 8 to 5 , and come home completely drained because you hate your job .
Then you sit on the couch watching TV most nights until its bed time .
You just do n’t ever feel up to doing much else .
Maybe you think you ’re OK because the characters on those TV shows are like family to you .
You get more excited about what they ’re doing than you do about your own spouse or children .
When your favorite shows come on , you feel really good inside : peaceful , calm , and comfortable .
You expect everyone to respect your time and not interrupt you during this communion with your TV family .
You may not even see anything wrong with telling your kids “ just hang on , a commercial ’s coming up ” .
Mental Hypothermia .
The thing about hypothermia is that you do n’t feeling it coming on , it ’s not like breaking your leg or dropping a rock on your foot , hypothermia sneaks up on you .
Mental Hypothermia is the same way .
You slowly let go of the “ you ” , of the dreams , passions , and plans you had for your life and replace it with servitude to a corporation and a mountain of debt .
Sometimes a life altering event like a divorce or your children getting into serious trouble can wake you up and allow you to see the reality of the life you ’re living .
Sometimes it ’s waking up in the hospital after having a heart attack .
Sometimes it ’s walking or driving by a park on your lunch hour and watching someone pushing their child on a swing while your children are in daycare .
Sometimes it ’s meeting someone who ’s living their life on their terms and it makes you realize you ’re not .
Everyone is different , and therefore , not everyone can or should do the same thing .
I ’m not advocating that everyone quit their jobs after they read this .
What I am advocating is that you learn to see your job as a job , not as who you are .
That you live your life to its fullest potential and minimize the amount of time you give to your job and maximize the amount of time you spend with your family , loved ones , and pursuing your interests , goals , and dreams that are not work related .
Once you realize that you ’ve been ripped off by following the herd how do you get back to where you want to be ?
Sometimes it ’s as simple as realigning your priorities and getting to know your family again .
Sometimes debt is an issue and you need to downsize your home , cars , lifestyle , etc. so that you can live .
Maybe you want to eliminate having to have a job so you need to develop a business or residual income sources that do n’t require a lot of time to manage .
Whatever the situation , here are some ideas that can help you get back to reality !
Realize that your job and workplace is a job and not a social club .
Go to work , get your job done and leave on time .
If your employer is one that takes advantage of your time or expects you to work long hours for free on a regular basis , look for another job .
Realize that there ’s no glory in putting in long hours for someone else .
There ’s no glory in putting in long hours for yourself either unless you ’re building a business or income source that , once started , you can back away from time wise .
Realize that you are not your job .
You are a person , an individual , a living thing .
Do n’t identify yourself with your job .
Realize that you are not your debt .
Debt can make you feel bad about yourself , especially when you ’re having trouble paying your bills .
Debt can easily perpetuate the cycle of failure because it ’s always on your mind .
You feel shackled by it .
You must learn to separate your debt from yourself .
You are a person , an individual , a living thing .
Your happiness is not tied to how much money you have , or do n’t have , or the physical things you have .
Happiness and self - worth is rooted in your relationships with others , helping others , and your ability to do those things that you ’re passionate about .
Realize that you are not your money .
Even if you ’ve been fortunate and made a lot of money with your job , your money is not you .
Self - worth and happiness is not measured by how much money you have .
Happiness and self - worth are rooted in your relationships with others , helping others , and your ability to do those things that you ’re passionate about .
Exercise .
Get up and do something .
Even something as simple as going for a walk or walking stairs makes a huge difference .
Do it everyday if possible .
Work on your creative side .
Learn to play a new musical instrument , or dust off the old one sitting in your closet .
Do it regularly .
Take a music class .
Take an art class .
Do n’t be so anal about your yard being perfect , the house being clean , or your car being washed .
Instead , spend some time with your spouse , your kids , or the whole family .
Go to a park , a movie , a play , walk the dog , play a game .
It really does n’t matter ; just do something together ( besides watching TV ) .
Find something to do to help others .
Take time everyday to visualize your goals .
Stop and smell the roses .
Yes , I mean that quite literally .
Appreciate the beauty that nature creates around you … .
Before it ’s paved over and someone builds another bank or SuperCenter .
Avoid negative people at all costs .
They will pull you down .
Spend time with positive people that are generally happy and supportive .
Signup to my email list and I ’ll send you an email every time I make a post .
I want to help you to reach success , and perhaps something I write in a future post will make all the difference to you .
Treat your spouse , or significant other , with the same care , respect , passion , and interest as you did when you first met .
Ever notice how easy it is to let that slip over time and start treating perfect strangers better than the ones you love ?
Do n’t do that !
Keep the fire burning !
Think about the problems that are created by this epidemic of Mental Hypothermia .
We ’re too busy to care about the political situation , or get to know the teachers teaching our children , or question the quality of public education .
Political corruption is allowed to run rampant .
No one wants to serve .
Very few people join service organizations .
Church attendance falls and falls .
We ’re too busy to care about anything .
Mental Hypothermia creates a generation of youth that care about nothing at all except themselves .
Wake up , thaw out , and get off the merry - go - round !
Sincerely ,
Fred
However , to run these state - of - the - art PCs , we need to install one of the latest OSs .
And that 's where we run into trouble .
Most people today have either Windows XP or Vista on their PCs .
These OSs are modern , possess virtually infinite capacities and can run any of the most modern software .
With the greater functionality comes size .
The Comparison
The generally recommended configuration for a Mac Plus is System 6.0.8 .
This is an OS that needs a legitimate minimum of 1 megabyte of RAM to be able to multitask , connect to a network , print , display WYSIWYG in millions of colours ( on modular Macs ) , as well as run a reasonable GUI .
Those are functions that usually require at least 500 times more memory under Windows XP and 1,000 times more memory under Windows Vista .
When we look at OS hard disk requirements , we find similar discrepancies .
System 6.0.8 requires 1MB , Windows XP requires 1.5GB and Windows Vista 15 GB .
Yes , Vista needs 15,000 times the hard disk space as System 6.0.8 .
In simple text format , you can write 175,000 words in one megabyte which is the size of System 6.0.8 .
That works out to about two full - length novels .
Windows Vista demands enough real estate on your hard drive that you could easily fit 30,000 full - length novels into it .
System 6.0.8 is not only a lot more compact since it has far fewer ( mostly useless ) features and therefore less code to process , but also because it was written in assembly code instead of the higher level language C .
The lower the level of the code language , the less processing cycles are required to get something done .
The Mac Plus has a Motorola 68000 CPU running at 8M Hz .
The AMD has an Athlon 64 X2 4800 + with two cores , each running at 2.4GHz .
In absolute computing power exclusively measured in processor speed , AMD 's combined 4.8GHz is 600 times faster than the Motorola .
However , the AMD is a far more advanced processor , thus performs in conventional benchmarks much faster than the old 68000 per Mhz .
So it 's very safe to say that the AMD is at least 1,000 times faster than the Mac Plus .
We decided to splurge and fit the maximum possible 4MB RAM into the old Plus .
After all it was going up against AMD with its 2x512MB RAM for a total of 1,024MB or 1GB .
That 's about 250 times more memory than the Mac .
The Mac was fitted with an external SCSI 40 MB Hard Drive .
The AMD had an internal IDE 120GB Hard Drive with a 3,000 times greater data capacity .
Both drives were under 10 % filled .
The Tests
In order to keep the hoots and hollers of " unfair comparison " at a minimum , we designed the tests to be as fair and equitable as possible .
There was no point running PCMark or Sandra Sisoft - type benchmarks on the two computers as the AMD would have the Mac for lunch .
We focussed on running tests that reflect how the user perceives the computing experience .
After all , most users do n't know or care whether their computer has a 65nm dual - core CPU or a tiny midget wizard squatting in their cases .
All they care about is how it works and how quickly it does the tasks we most often ask it to do .
And no , we did n't include processing - heavy modern software like Photoshop or Crysis !
We selected very basic everyday functions that were performed equally by the 1980s and the 2007 Microsoft applications .
Since the tests involve both different computers and different versions of software , it was important to design the tests to have as much consistency as possible .
1 ) Test timings were performed by a single person .
2 ) All of the tests were performed on the latest and most effective OS configuration .
For the Mac Plus , that was System 6.0.8 .
For the AMD that was Windows XP Professional SP2 .
3 ) All of the tests were performed with a generally recommended amount of RAM for the OS configuration .
For the Mac Plus , that was 4MB .
For the AMD that was 1GB .
4 ) All of the tests were done on original spec systems , therefore the hard disks were freshly formatted , the OSs just installed and no third party software beyond the standard Apple and Microsoft installations .
5 ) All of the tests were performed with only that single application open .
Nothing but background and OS tasks that are part of a standard install of either OSs were running .
The computers were not connected to the Internet or a LAN .
6 ) All of the tests were measured to within 0.1 second .
7 ) Each tests was performed at least three times per test per machine and the times averaged out .
The tests themselves went off flawlessly .
Neither computer crashed or misbehaved in any way .
They just did what they were asked , regardless of the technolgical advancements ( or lack thereof ) inside the case .
We did n't try any Web Surfing since the only browsers that are supposed to work well on the Mac Plus are Mozilla 1.2.1 , Mozilla 1.3.1 and early versions of WannaBe and iCab .
We thought that surfing the net on a b&w 9 ” screen would be a bit of a bummer , so we skipped it .
However , there are some die - hard enthusiasts that are doing just that !
Then again there were various ways , including the Power R Video Driver Cable and various external dongles , which would let you connect all sorts of large external monitors to the Mac Plus .
I remember lugging huge 80 lb. Ikegami 24 ” b&w monitors up and down stairs as they were the preferred screens for the later compact Macs like the SEs an SE / 30s of publishing art departments around 1990 .
The photo of the monitor here is of a Hitachi 21 ” which was the biggest one I could find .
Just picture that the Ikegamis were much bigger even than this monster !
I guess that 's why I still have a bad back !
We ran a variety of tests on two major software applications .
The AMD got Word and Excel from Microsoft Office 2007 .
The Mac Plus got Word 3.01 and Excel 1.5 .
Yes , we know that these software versions were released one and two years respectively after the 1986 Mac Plus .
But we just could n't bring ourselves to run the earlier and hopelessly buggy versions .
Microsoft Word
Microsoft
Word is the single software application most often used by people around the world .
The tests that hold the greatest relevance to everyday office and personal use of Word are the most basic ones : Application Launch , Find & Replace , Open File , Pasting , Saving , Scrolling , Typing and Word Count .
Microsoft Excel
With Excel , we concentrated again on the most repetitive and common tasks .
We chose : Application Launch , Arrange Windows , Autoformat , Fill Range , In - Cell Editing , Scroll Vertical , Subtotals and Zoom Out .
Most users use relatively small spreadsheets so we used a 640 filled - cell format .
Time To Boot
Just for fun , we thought we'd throw in a Boot timing as well , just to see how long the OS takes from the time the button is pushed until the desktop is ready to use .
Conclusion
Check out the results !
For the functions that people use most often , the 1986 vintage Mac Plus beats the 2007 AMD Athlon 64 X2 4800 + : 9 tests to 8 !
Out of the 17 tests , the antique Mac won 53 % of the time !
Including a jaw - dropping 52 second whipping of the AMD from the time the Power button is pushed to the time the Desktop is up and useable .
We also did n't want to overly embarrass the AMD by comparing the time it takes to install the OS vs. the old Mac .
The Mac 's average of about a minute is dwarfed by the approximately one hour install time of Windows XP Pro .
Is this to say that the Mac Plus is a better computer than the AMD ?
Of course not .
The technological advancements of 21 years have placed modern PCs in a completely different league of varied capacities .
But the " User Experience " has not changed much in two decades .
Due to bloated code that has to incorporate hundreds of functions that average users do n't even know exist , let alone ever utilize , the software companies have weighed down our PCs to effectively neutralize their vast speed advantages .
When we compare strictly common , everyday , basic user tasks between the Mac Plus and the AMD we find remarkable similarities in overall speed , thus it can be stated that for the majority of simple office uses , the massive advances in technology in the past two decades have brought zero advance in productivity .
And that 's just plain crazy .
Philosophy : Who Needs It
by Ayn Rand
Address To The Graduating Class Of
The United States Military Academy at West Point ,
New York - March 6 , 1974
Since I am a fiction writer , let us start with a short short story .
Suppose that you are an astronaut whose spaceship gets out of control and crashes on an unknown planet .
When you regain consciousness and find that you are not hurt badly , the first three questions in or mind would be :
Where am I ?
How can I discover it ?
What should I do ?
You see unfamiliar vegetation outside , and there is air to breathe ; the sunlight seems paler than you remember it and colder .
You turn to look at the sky , but stop .
You are struck by a sudden feeling : if you do n't look , you wo n't have to know that you are , perhaps , too far from the earth and no return is possible ; so long as you do n't know it , you are free to believe what you wish -- and you experience a foggy , pleasant , but somehow guilty , kind of hope .
You turn to your instruments : they may be damaged , you do n't know how seriously .
But you stop , struck by a sudden fear : how can you trust these instruments ?
How can you be sure that they wo n't mislead you ?
How can you know whether they will work in a different world ?
You turn away from the instruments .
Now you begin to wonder why you have no desire to do anything .
It seems so much safer just to wait for something to turn up somehow ; it is better , you tell yourself , not to rock the spaceship .
Far in the distance , you see some sort of living creatures approaching ; you do n't know whether they are human , but they walk on two feet .
They , you decide , will tell you what to do .
You are never heard from again .
This is fantasy , you say ?
You would not act like that and no astronaut ever would ?
Perhaps not .
But this is the way most men live their lives , here , on earth .
Most men spend their days struggling to evade three questions , the answers to which underlie man 's every thought , feeling and action , whether he is consciously aware of it or not :
Where am I ?
How do I know it ?
What should I do ?
By the time they are old enough to understand these questions , men believe that they know the answers .
Where am I ? Say , in New York City .
How do I know it ?
It 's self - evident .
What should I do ?
Here , they are not too sure -- but the usual answer is : whatever everybody does .
The only trouble seems to be that they are not very active , not very confident , not very happy -- and they experience , at times , a causeless fear and an undefined guilt , which they cannot explain or get rid of .
They have never discovered the fact that the trouble comes from the three unanswered questions -- and that there is only one science that can answer them : philosophy .
Philosophy studies the fundamental nature of existence , of man , and of man 's relationship to existence .
As against the special sciences , which deal only with particular aspects , philosophy deals with those aspects of the universe which pertain to everything that exists .
In the realm of cognition , the special sciences are the trees , but philosophy is the soil which makes the forest possible .
Philosophy would not tell you , for instance , whether you are in New York City or in Zanzibar ( though it would give you the means to find out ) .
But here is what it would tell you :
Are you in a universe which is ruled by natural laws and , therefore , is stable , firm , absolute -- and knowable ?
Or are you in an incomprehensible chaos , a realm of inexplicable miracles , an unpredictable , unknowable flux , which your mind is impotent to grasp ?
Are the things you see around you real -- or are they only an illusion ?
Do they exist independent of any observer -- or are they created by the observer ?
Are they the object or the subject of man 's consciousness ?
Are they what they are -- or can they be changed by a mere act of your consciousness , such as a wish ?
The nature of your actions - and of your ambition - - will be different , according to which set of answers you come to accept .
These answers are the province of metaphysics -- the study of existence as such or , in Aristotle 's words , of " being qua being " -- the basic branch of philosophy .
No matter what conclusions you reach , you will be confronted by the necessity to answer another , corollary question :
How do I know it ?
Since man is not omniscient or infallible , you have to discover what you can claim as knowledge and how to prove the validity of your conclusions .
Does man acquire knowledge by a process of reason -- or by sudden revelation from a supernatural power ?
Is reason a faculty that identifies and integrates the material provided by man 's senses -- or is it fed by innate ideas , implanted in man 's mind before he was born ?
Is reason competent to perceive reality -- or does man possess some other cognitive faculty which is superior to reason ?
Can man achieve certainty -- or is he doomed to perpetual doubt ?
The extent of your self - confidence -- and of your success -- will be different , according to which set of answers you accept .
These answers are the province of epistemology , the theory of knowledge , which studies man 's means of cognition .
These two branches are the theoretical foundation of philosophy .
The third branch - - ethics -- may be regarded as its technology .
Ethics does not apply to everything that exists , only to man , but it applies to every aspect of man 's life : his character , his actions , his values , his relationship to all of existence .
Ethics , or morality , defines a code of values to guide man 's choices and actions -- the choices and actions that determine the course of his life .
Just as the astronaut in my story did not know what he should do , because he refused to know where he was and how to discover it , so you cannot know what you should do until you know the nature of the universe you deal with , the nature of your means of cognition -- and your own nature .
Before you come to ethics , you must answer the questions posed by metaphysics and epistemology :
Is man a rational being , able to deal with reality -- or is he a helplessly blind misfit , a chip buffeted by the universal flux ?
Are achievement and enjoyment possible to man on earth -- or is he doomed to failure and disaster ?
Depending on the answers , you can proceed to consider the questions posed by ethics :
What is good or evil for man -- and why ?
Should man 's primary concern be a quest for joy -- or an escape from suffering ?
Should man hold self - fulfillment -- or self - destruction -- as the goal of his life ?
Should man pursue his values -- or should he place the interests of others above his own ?
Should man seek happiness -- or self - sacrifice ?
I do not have to point out the different consequences of these two sets of answers .
You can see them everywhere -- within you and around you .
The answers given by ethics determine how man should treat other men , and this determines the fourth branch of philosophy : politics , which defines the principles of a proper social system .
As an example of philosophy 's function , political philosophy will not tell you how much rationed gas you should be given and on which day of the week -- it will tell you whether the government has the right to impose any rationing on anything .
The fifth and last branch of philosophy is esthetics , the study of art , which is based on metaphysics , epistemology and ethics .
Art deals with the needs -- the refueling -- of man 's consciousness .
Now some of you might say , as many people do : " Aw , I never think in such abstract terms -- I want to deal with concrete , particular , real - life problems -- what do I need philosophy for ? "
My answer is :
In order to be able to deal with concrete , particular , real - life problems -- i.e. , in order to be able to live on earth .
You might claim -- as most people do -- that you have never been influenced by philosophy .
I will ask you to check that claim .
Have you ever thought or said the following ?
" Do n't be so sure - - nobody can be certain of anything . "
You got that notion from David Hume ( and many , many others ) , even though you might never have heard of him .
Or : " This may be good in theory , but it does n't work in practice .
You got that from Plato .
Or : " That was a rotten thing to do , but it 's only human , nobody is perfect in this world . "
You got that from Augustine .
Or : " It may be true for you , but it 's not true for me . "
You got it from William James .
Or : " I could n't help it !
Nobody can help anything he does . "
You got it from Hegel .
Or : " I can't prove it , but I feel that it 's true . "
You got it from Kant .
Or : " It 's logical , but logic has nothing to do with reality . "
You got it from Kant .
Or : " It 's evil , because it 's selfish . "
You got it from Kant .
Have you heard the modern activists say : " Act first , think afterward " ?
They got it from John Dewey .
Some people might answer : " Sure , I 've said those things at different times , but I do n't have to believe that stuff all of the time .
It may have been true yesterday , but it 's not true today . "
They got it from Hegel .
They might say : " Consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds . "
They got it from a very little mind , Emerson .
They might say : " But ca n't one compromise and borrow different ideas from different philosophies according to the expediency of the moment ? "
They got it from Richard Nixon - - who got it from William James .
Now ask yourself : if you are not interested in abstract ideas , why do you ( and all men ) feel compelled to use them ?
The fact is that abstract ideas are conceptual integrations which subsume an incalculable number of concretes -- and that without abstract ideas you would not be able to deal with concrete , particular , real - life problems .
You would be in the position of a newborn infant , to whom every object is a unique , unprecedented phenomenon .
The difference between his mental state and yours lies in the number of conceptual integrations your mind has performed .
You have no choice about the necessity to integrate your observations , your experiences , your knowledge into abstract ideas , i.e. , into principles .
Your only choice is whether these principles are true or false , whether they represent your conscious , rational conviction -- or a grab - bag of notions snatched at random , whose sources , validity , context and consequences you do not know , notions which , more often than not , you would drop like a hot potato if you knew .
But the principles you accept ( consciously or subconsciously ) may clash with or contradict one another ; they , too , have to be integrated .
What integrates them ?
Philosophy .
A philosophic system is an integrated view of existence .
As a human being , you have no choice about the fact that you need a philosophy .
Your only choice is whether you define your philosophy by a conscious , rational , disciplined process of thought and scrupulously logical deliberation -- or let your subconscious accumulate a junk heap of unwarranted conclusions , false generalizations , undefined contradictions , undigested slogans , unidentified wishes , doubts and fears , thrown together by chance , but integrated by your subconscious into a kind of mongrel philosophy and fused into a single , solid weight : self - doubt , like a ball and chain in the place where your mind 's wings should have grown .
You might say , as many people do , that it is not easy always to act on abstract principles .
No , it is not easy .
But how much harder is it , to have to act on them without knowing what they are ?
Your subconscious is like a computer -- more complex a computer than men can build -- and its main function is the integration of your ideas .
Who programs it ?
Your conscious mind .
If you default , if you do n't reach any firm convictions , your subconscious is programmed by chance -- and you deliver yourself into the power of ideas you do not know you have accepted .
But one way or the other , your computer gives you print - outs , daily and hourly , in the form of emotions -- which are lightning - like estimates of the things around you , calculated according to your values .
If you programmed your computer by conscious thinking , you know the nature of your values and emotions .
If you did n't , you do n't .
Many people , particularly today , claim that man cannot live by logic alone , that there 's the emotional element of his nature to consider , and that they rely on the guidance of their emotions .
Well , so did the astronaut in my story .
The joke is on him -- and on them : man 's values and emotions are determined by his fundamental view of life .
The ultimate programmer of his subconscious is philosophy -- the science which , according to the emotionalists , is impotent to affect or penetrate the murky mysteries of their feelings .
The quality of a computer 's output is determined by the quality of its input .
If your subconscious is programmed by chance , its output will have a corresponding character .
You have probably heard the computer operators ' eloquent term " gigo " -- which means : " Garbage in , garbage out . "
The same formula applies to the relationship between a man 's thinking and his emotions .
A man who is run by emotions is like a man who is run by a computer whose print - outs he cannot read .
He does not know whether its programming is true or false , right or wrong , whether it 's set to lead him to success or destruction , whether it serves his goals or those of some evil , unknowable power .
He is blind on two fronts : blind to the world around him and to his own inner world , unable to grasp reality or his own motives , and he is in chronic terror of both .
Emotions are not tools of cognition .
The men who are not interested in philosophy need it most urgently : they are most helplessly in its power .
The men who are not interested in philosophy absorb its principles from the cultural atmosphere around them -- from schools , colleges , books , magazines , newspapers , movies , television , etc .
Who sets the tone of a culture ?
A small handful of men : the philosophers .
Others follow their lead , either by conviction or by default .
For some two hundred years , under the influence of Immanuel Kant , the dominant trend of philosophy has been directed to a single goal : the destruction of man 's mind , of his confidence in the power of reason .
Today , we are seeing the climax of that trend .
When men abandon reason , they find not only that their emotions cannot guide them , but that they can experience no emotions save one : terror .
The spread of drug addiction among young people brought up on today 's intellectual fashions , demonstrates the unbearable inner state of men who are deprived of their means of cognition and who seek escape from reality -- from the terror of their impotence to deal with existence .
Observe these young people 's dread of independence and their frantic desire to " belong , " to attach themselves to some group , clique or gang .
Most of them have never heard of philosophy , but they sense that they need some fundamental answers to questions they dare not ask -- and they hope that the tribe will tell them how to live .
They are ready to be taken over by any witch doctor , guru , or dictator .
One of the most dangerous things a man can do is to surrender his moral autonomy to others : like the astronaut in my story , he does not know whether they are human , even though they walk on two feet .
Now you may ask :
If philosophy can be that evil , why should one study it ?
Particularly , why should one study the philosophical theories which are blatantly false , make no sense , and bear no relation to real life ?
My answer is :
In self - protection -- and in defense of truth , justice , freedom , and any value you ever held or may ever hold .
Not all philosophies are evil , though too many of them are , particularly in modern history .
On the other hand , at the root of every civilized achievement , such as science , technology , progress , freedom -- at the root of every value we enjoy today , including the birth of this country -- you will find the achievement of one man , who lived over two thousand years ago : Aristotle .
If you feel nothing but boredom when reading the virtually unintelligible theories of some philosophers , you have my deepest sympathy .
But if you brush them aside , saying : " Why should I study that stuff when I know it 's nonsense ? " -- you are mistaken .
It is nonsense , but you do n't know it -- not so long as you go on accepting all their conclusions , all the vicious catch phrases generated by those philosophers .
And not so long as you are unable to refute them .
That nonsense deals with the most crucial , the life - or - death issues of man 's existence .
At the root of every significant philosophic theory , there is a legitimate issue -- in the sense that there is an authentic need of man 's consciousness , which some theories struggle to clarify and others struggle to obfuscate , to corrupt , to prevent man from ever discovering .
The battle of philosophers is a battle for man 's mind .
If you do not understand their theories , you are vulnerable to the worst among them .
The best way to study philosophy is to approach it as one approaches a detective story : follow every trail , clue and implication , in order to discover who is a murderer and who is a hero .
The criterion of detection is two questions : Why ? and How ?
If a given tenet seems to be true -- why ?
If another tenet seems to be false -- why ?
and how is it being put over ?
You will not find all the answers immediately , but you will acquire an invaluable characteristic : the ability to think in terms of essentials .
Nothing is given to man automatically , neither knowledge , nor self - confidence , nor inner serenity , nor the right way to use his mind .
Every value he needs or wants has to be discovered , learned and acquired -- even the proper posture of his body .
In this context , I want to say that I have always admired the posture of West Point graduates , a posture that projects man in proud , disciplined control of his body .
Well , philosophical training gives man the proper intellectual posture -- a proud , disciplined control of his mind .
In your own profession , in military science , you know the importance of keeping track of the enemy 's weapons , strategy and tactics -- and of being prepared to counter them .
The same is true in philosophy : you have to understand the enemy 's ideas and be prepared to refute them , you have to know his basic arguments and be able to blast them .
In physical warfare , you would not send your men into a booby trap : you would make every effort to discover its location .
Well , Kant 's system is the biggest and most intricate booby trap in the history of philosophy -- but it 's so full of holes that once you grasp its gimmick , you can defuse it without any trouble and walk forward over it in perfect safety .
And , once it is defused , the lesser Kantians -- the lower ranks of his army , the philosophical sergeants , buck privates , and mercenaries of today - - will fall of their own weightlessness , by chain reaction .
There is a special reason why you , the future leaders of the United States Army , need to be philosophically armed today .
You are the target of a special attack by the Kantian - Hegelian - collectivist establishment that dominates our cultural institutions at present .
You are the army of the last semi - free country left on earth , yet you are accused of being a tool of imperialism -- and " imperialism " is the name given to the foreign policy of this country , which has never engaged in military conquest and has never profited from the two world wars , which she did not initiate , but entered and won .
( It was , incidentally , a foolishly overgenerous policy , which made this country waste her wealth on helping both her allies and her former enemies . )
Something called " the military - industrial complex " -- which is a myth or worse -- is being blamed for all of this country 's troubles .
Bloody college hoodlums scream demands that R.O.T.C. units be banned from college campuses .
Our defense budget is being attacked , denounced and undercut by people who claim that financial priority should be given to ecological rose gardens and to classes in esthetic self - expression for the residents of the slums .
Some of you may be bewildered by this campaign and may be wondering , in good faith , what errors you committed to bring it about .
If so , it is urgently important for you to understand the nature of the enemy .
You are attacked , not for any errors or flaws , but for your virtues .
You are denounced , not for any weaknesses , but for your strength and your competence .
You are penalized for being the protectors of the United States .
On a lower level of the same issue , a similar kind of campaign is conducted against the police force .
Those who seek to destroy this country , seek to disarm it -- intellectually and physically .
But it is not a mere political issue ; politics is not the cause , but the last consequence of philosophical ideas .
It is not a communist conspiracy , though some communists may be involved -- as maggots cashing in on a disaster they had no power to originate .
The motive of the destroyers is not love for communism , but hatred for America .
Why hatred ?
Because America is the living refutation of a Kantian universe .
Today 's mawkish concern with and compassion for the feeble , the flawed , the suffering , the guilty , is a cover for the profoundly Kantian hatred of the innocent , the strong , the able , the successful , the virtuous , the confident , the happy .
A philosophy out to destroy man 's mind is necessarily a philosophy of hatred for man , for man 's life , and for every human value .
Hatred of the good for being the good , is the hallmark of the twentieth century .
This is the enemy you are facing .
A battle of this kind requires special weapons .
It has to be fought with a full understanding of your cause , a full confidence in yourself , and the fullest certainty of the moral rightness of both .
Only philosophy can provide you with these weapons .
The assignment I gave myself for tonight is not to sell you on my philosophy , but on philosophy as such .
I have , however , been speaking implicitly of my philosophy in every sentence -- since none of us and no statement can escape from philosophical premises .
What is my selfish interest in the matter ?
I am confident enough to think that if you accept the importance of philosophy and the task of examining it critically , it is my philosophy that you will come to accept .
Formally , I call it Objectivism , but informally I call it a philosophy for living on earth .
You will find an explicit presentation of it in my books , particularly in Atlas Shrugged .
In conclusion , allow me to speak in personal terms .
This evening means a great deal to me .
I feel deeply honored by the opportunity to address you .
I can say - - not as a patriotic bromide , but with full knowledge of the necessary metaphysical , epistemological , ethical , political and esthetic roots -- that the United States of America is the greatest , the noblest and , in its original founding principles , the only moral country in the history of the world .
There is a kind of quiet radiance associated in my mind with the name West Point - - because you have preserved the spirit of those original founding principles and you are their symbol .
There were contradictions and omissions in those principles , and there may be in yours -- but I am speaking of the essentials .
There may be individuals in your history who did not live up to your highest standards -- as there are in every institution -- since no institutions and no social system can guarantee the automatic perfection of all its members ; this depends on an individual 's free will .
I am speaking of your standards .
You have preserved three qualities of character which were typical at the time of America 's birth , but are virtually nonexistent today : earnestness -- dedication - - a sense of honor .
Honor is self - esteem made visible in action .
You have chosen to risk your lives for the defense of this country .
I will not insult you by saying that you are dedicated to selfless service -- it is not a virtue in my morality .
In my morality , the defense of one 's country means that a man is personally unwilling to live as the conquered slave of any enemy , foreign or domestic .
This is an enormous virtue .
Some of you may not be consciously aware of it .
I want to help you to realize it .
The army of a free country has a great responsibility : the right to use force , but not as an instrument of compulsion and brute conquest -- as the armies of other countries have done in their histories -- only as an instrument of a free nation 's self - defense , which means : the defense of a man 's individual rights .
The principle of using force only in retaliation against those who initiate its use , is the principle of subordinating might to right .
The highest integrity and sense of honor are required for such a task .
No other army in the world has achieved it .
You have .
West Point has given America a long line of heroes , known and unknown .
You , this year 's graduates , have a glorious tradition to carry on -- which I admire profoundly , not because it is a tradition , but because it is glorious .
Ms Suzuki says the pillow has other advantages
The Boyfriend 's Arm Pillow , shaped like a man 's torso with one sturdy arm , has been on sale since December and has so far been snapped up by 1,000 singles .
Manufacturer Kameo said the pillow 's shape also keeps the body balanced .
One woman , Junko Suzuki , told AP : " It makes me relaxed ... I can hold the arm and feel something warm at my side " .
The pillow is only available in Japan , where it costs about 8,500 Yen ( £ 40 , $ 80 ) , and is available in blue , pink or green .
Ms Suzuki , who is separated from her husband , says the pillow has other advantages .
" It keeps holding me all the way through .
I think this is great because this does not betray me , " she told AP .
MIT researchers have undertaken a first - of - its - kind analysis of bone 's mechanical properties and discovered new things about how a bone absorbs energy .
The insights gained from this work could lead to the creation of new , tougher materials .
MIT researchers created this nanoscale map of the stiffness of bone .
Image courtesy / Ortiz Lab , MIT
The researchers ' up - close - and - personal look at bone probes its fundamental building block — a corkscrew - shaped protein called collagen embedded with tiny nanoparticles of mineral — at the level of tens of nanometers , or billionths of a meter .
A human hair , by comparison , is 80,000 nanometers in diameter .
" If you want to investigate the origins of the strength and toughness of a material , you probe it at smaller and smaller length scales , " said co-author Subra Suresh , Ford Professor of Engineering , with appointments in materials science and engineering , biological engineering , mechanical engineering and the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology .
" The methodologies used in this research can be employed to assess the quality of bone with extremely high precision by providing new and detailed structural and mechanical information on the nature of its fundamental constituents . "
The study was led by Christine Ortiz , associate professor of materials science and engineering .
" The structure , quality and integrity of bone change dramatically with age and disease , hence understanding the origins of the mechanical properties of this major load - bearing , structural tissue in our body is extremely important from a medical standpoint , " Ortiz said .
Using a table - top instrument called a molecular force probe , which uses an extremely small probe tip to poke out a tiny fragment of bone , Ortiz and colleagues mapped the stiffness of bovine shin bone into complex , colorful , two - dimensional contour maps similar to those used by geographers .
The team found that the mechanical properties of bone vary greatly within a single region only two micrometers ( thousandths of a meter ) wide .
Because a variety of disorders tied to disease or aging lead to changes in bone structure , the researchers ' discovery of the non-uniformity of bone 's mechanical properties at very small length scales could lead to improved diagnoses of diseases .
For example , if specific nanoscale patterns of stiffness within bone structure are tied to disease or aging , these could potentially be identified earlier or provide more conclusive evidence of a disorder .
The researchers also formulated a computer model to study the effects of their experimental results on larger - scale biomechanical properties .
For example , using the model they found that the non-uniform stiffness patterns were advantageous to bone 's ability to absorb energy .
" We tend to think that if a material is non-uniform , it is not as tough , " Suresh said .
" This work shows otherwise .
Our thesis is that nature , by making bones non-uniform at extremely small length scales over the course of millions of years of evolution , has designed bone to be able to absorb much more energy than a uniform material with the same properties . "
From left , research scientists Ming Dao and Kuangshin Tai , Ph.D , Professor Christine Ortiz , and Professor Subra Suresh with equipment they used to investigate bone structure .
Photo / Donna Coveney
" I was surprised that we observed such beautiful and complex patterns , " Ortiz said .
" Cells sense and respond to stresses in their environment .
Since different local mechanical properties in bone change the magnitude of stresses around the cell , the cells ' behavior can be altered in response , thereby affecting the health of the tissue . "
In addition , the team 's results could lead to new ways of producing improved structural composites that mimic nature 's clever design that allows bones to resist sudden fractures ; to " fail gracefully , " as Suresh put it .
For example , certain kinds of a new class of materials called nanocomposites are composed of a polymer or metallic matrix filled with nanoscale particles randomly distributed or periodically spaced .
" There may be ways to disperse particles non-uniformly that may lead to improved material toughness , " Suresh said .
Ortiz ' and Suresh 's colleagues on the work are Kuangshin Tai , a recent MIT Ph.D. graduate ; research scientist Ming Dao of the Department of Materials Science and Engineering ; and Ahmet Palazoglu of the University of California at Davis .
Ortiz is currently looking at stem - cell - based , tissue - engineered bone in collaboration with Dan Gazit at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem to see how similar it is to native bone .
She is also applying the new analysis and related imaging and simulation techniques to different types of mineralized biological materials such as armored scales from ancient fish and seashells .
偶然見かけた mixiのコミュのこのトピッ ク
http://mixi.jp/view_bbs.pl?id=4485247&comm_id=30883&page=all
＃見られない人すみません。
オーガニックライフを送ってる人々の間で、
「 電子レンジを使ってるか？ 」と言う話題。
で、体に悪いから使ってないと言う意見がたくさん出てました。
このトピックでは、何故どういう理由で体に悪いのかとか、
体に悪いことを証明した文書とか、そのソースが一切語られていないにもかかわらず
「 知りませんでした。勉強になりました。私も電子レンジ使うのやめます」
ってレスが散見されました。
挙句、
水 に 「 ありがとう 」 と「ばかやろう」と言う言葉を聞かせると…
って話が出て来たり。＞ 電子レンジにありがとうと言うと害が減るとか…トンデモすぎ…てゆーか、それ信じてる人怖いよ。。。
んで私は 、
オイオイ何が勉強になったの？
と心の中でツッコミを入れつつ
ネットでいろいろ検索してみたけど、ここで語られてることが
本当かウソか、私には判断できませんでした。
＃ 電子レンジに 「 ありがとう」はウソだと判断しますが
このトピの中では、曰く、
「 電子レンジは害があるとイギリス政府が発表した 」
＃ソース不明 。
「 電子レンジで解凍した血液を輸血したら死んだ 」
＃ これって、解凍失敗して煮えた血液を輸血したんじゃない？なら死にそうだよね…。
「 電子レンジは、レーダーを横切った人の内蔵が煮えたような状態に
なって死んだ事件がきっかけになって開発された」
＃ wikipedia では、レーダー開発者のポケットのピーナッツキャンデーが
＃ 溶けたのがきっかけとなってましたけど…。
など、ほんとかウソか分からないような話がまことしやかに語られていました。
ちなみに、ここで電子レンジが危険と言ってる人たちは
電子レンジの電磁波のことを言ってる訳ではないようです。
電子レンジが植物の波動を壊すから、とか言ってる人もいたし。( 波動って…
電磁波について はWHOもグレイゾーンと言ってるようですが。
ここで言われてるような、アミノ酸がL型からD型に変わるからとかの話は
見つけられませんでした。
しかし、ロハスな人々はトンデモな話を結構簡単に信じてしまう人々でもあるような気がします。
Because reserve growth is generally occurring as soon as the first producing well is put in place , the reserve growth G( t ) is the result of the convolution of h Fallow , h Build and h Growth :
This linear filtering of initial discoveries simulates the response of the oil production infrastructure to new oil discovery D( t ) .
Last time we have shown that this impulsional response was approximated by a Gamma function ( in green on Figure 6 ) therefore simulating lagging effect and spreading reserve additions over time .
The fourth convolution by h Growth makes the impulsional response larger with a heavier tail as shown in blue on Figure 6 .
The area under the blue curve is greater than one hence simulating reserve growth .
Fig 6 . Effect of the reserve growth on the system impulsional response .
The Modified Arrington CGF is used here .
Start
Start
Fig 7 .
Global annual discoveries of both oil and condensate , as reported in
1994 and 2005 , together with oil production in billion of barrels ( Gb ) The difference
reported discoveries is the reserve growth .
Source : Based on data from IHS Energy ,
ASPO and Oil & Gas Journal ( from Robelius [ 3 ] , page 71 ) .
Start
Ref
Init
The USGS is forecasting 612 billion barrels ( mean estimate ) for conventional oil between 1996 and 2025 .
Albrandt et al. ( USGS ) conclude that approximately 28 % percent or 171 billion barrels of the forecasted 612 billion barrels for conventional oil had been added to the reserve pool between 1996 and 2003 .
2005 resource growth in pre-2005 discoveries was only 8 Gb .
discovery data is the ASPO backdated ( 1932 -2004 ) so t Ref =2004 .
pre-1932 total discovery is 30 Gb ( mainly US ) post -2004 discovery forecast is based on a logistic decline .
lambda= 3 years .
Peak URR ( Gb ) Total Reserve
Growth 1996 - 2025 Reserve
Growth 1996 - 2003 Reserve
Growth
2005 Reserve Growth Pre-2005
Reserve Growth Logistic 2005 @ 25.2 Gb 2023 0 0 0 0 0 SHM 2005 @ 26.9 Gb 1962 0 0 0 0 0 Modified Arrington
t Init = 1 2036 @ 36.8 Gb 3937 1976 704 146 21 427 Modified Arrington
t Init = 15 2017 @ 28.7 Gb 2616 655 230.8 59 7.7 236 Modified Arrington
t Init = 20 2015 @ 28.1 Gb 2500 538 191 50 6.5 204 West Siberia Growth
t Init = 1 2018 @ 29.3 Gb 2603 640 293 40 10.6 144 Table I. Peak estimates for crude oil + condensate derived from various model .
The logistic fit was obtained using the Hubbert Linearization technique ( 1983-2006 ) .
t
Init
=1
discoveries
t
Init
= 15
t
Init
=1
Fig 8 .
World producion forecast ( C&C ) produced by the HSM assuming the modified Arrington model for the reserve growth .
Fig 9 .
World producion forecast ( C&C ) produced by the HSM assuming Verma 's model ( West Siberia ) for the reserve growth .
Fig 10 .
Reserves to production ratio values .
Proven reserves are from BP .
The corrected reserves account for anomalous Middle - East reserve revisions .
HSM ( US ) and HSM ( West Siberai ) are the production curve shown on Figures 8 and 9 .
Conclusions
The interest of the Shock Model approach resides in its capacity to exploit the discovery data , the production profile and the reserve growth models .
The URR is not an output of the model as it is the case for the Hubbert Linearization but results directly from the discovery curves and the application of reserve growth models .
The HSM is a nice way to inject prior information about the URR .
The method can potentially deal with difficult multi-modal production profiles such as Saudi Arabia .
The logistic case can be seen as a particular case of the HSM when the extraction of total resource ( URR ) is instantaneous .
Using a fourth convolution function derived from empirical Cumulative Growth Factors , I was able to derive an estimate close to the USGS forecast on reserve growth .
Note that we do n't know how much true reserve growth is included in the 171 Gb figure .
However , the reserve growth in 2005 for pre-2005 discoveries was only 8 Gb , it should have been 21.5 Gb ( 171/8 ) .
If we assume that 8 Gb per year is the true reserve annual addition we get 64 Gb for 1996 - 2003 .
In my opinion , peak oil proponents should pay more attention to reserve growth issues .
Very often , the argument is only focus on new discoveries but reserve growth is poorly understood and may have a significant contribution especially within a high oil prices environment .
Using the West Siberia reserve growth factor and a decreasing number of new discoveries , I estimate the peak to be at most in 2018 for conventional oil .
The interesting thing is that it seems to match the 8 Gb in 2005 .
This result assumes that reserve growth related technologies will be applied aggressively and extensively .
Also , the two CGFs that I used are for onshore fields and they are probably very different for offshore fields ( new discoveries to come will be increasingly offshore ) .
Therefore , I consider this result as being an upper bound on conventional production .
It will be very important to watch reserve growth estimates for the year 2006 in order to confirm ( or infirm ) a decrease in reserve growth that was observed in 2005 ( 8 Gb ) .
In particular , a collapse in reserve growth ( 2 - 3 Gb ) could indicate that the peak for crude oil + condensate is likely to be in 2005 - 2006 .
It 's important to note that the CGF model ( 5 ) is significantly different between large fields and small fields [ 1 ] .
Because new discoveries are likely to be small fields , reserve growth post -2005 is likely to be smaller .
References :
1900 - 1959 : API Facts and Figures Centennial edition 1959 .
1960 - 2006 : EIA data ( includes tar sands production from Canada and Venezuela ) .
Code :
ShockModel_Part2.txt
The tricky part is to find an appropriate value for .
It seems logical thatshould depend on the discovery age because the discovery curve already includes an unknown amount of reserve growth .
The chart below is taken from Robelius PhD thesis [ 3 ] and is showing how much reserve growth we have experienced in the 1994-2005 period and how it has affected the shape of the discovery curve .
It 's pretty obvious that reserve growth cannot be neglected and that a static view of oil production will underestimate future production levels .
Also , there is no obvious correlation between discovery age and the amount of reserve growth .
The amount of reserve growth between 1994 and 2005 is an astonishing 427 billion barrels ( Gb ) .
However , only 170 - 190 Gb seems to be genuine reserve growth ( see Rembrandt post ) .
I assume the following model forwhereis the reference year for which the backdated discovery curve has been issued andis a general offset that gives us a better control on the model .
Below are a few claims that may help us calibrate our algorithm :
In the simulations below , I made a few assumptions :
The result of the SHM + Modified Arrington withyear ( third row in Table I ) is shown on Figure 8 and replicates closely the rosy USGS / DOE / CERA view of future production with a large amount of reserve growth to come .
We can see clearly the effect of the relation ( 8 ) with a ramp up of reserve growth prior to 2004 and a huge input of reserve growth on newpost 2004 .
The SHM + Modified Arrington withyears and the SHM + Russian growth ( ) give similar results with a peak in 2017 - 2018 and a URR around 2.6 trillion barrels .
For the peak date to be before 2015 , reserve growth should be around 6 - 7 Gb for 2006 and decrease afterward .
On Figure 10 , we can see that the HSM + Modified Arrington ( in orange ) fits the proven reserves from BP but does not fit with the recent record prices .
The HSM + West Siberia CGF ( in green ) is closed to the corrected BP reserve numbers except since 2001 .
However the green curve is going down precisely when prices started their climb which makes me think that the proven reserve increases for 2001 and 2002 are probably bogus .
About the Hybrid Shock Model : About reserve growth :
Of course , this is a work in progress and more tests are needed .
The US , Norway and the UK should constitute a nice benchmark for the HSM ( maybe in a part III ) .
By the way , if anyone has discovery datasets , please contact me [ 1 ]
M. K. Verma and G. F. Ulmishek , Reserve growth in Oil fields of West Siberian Basin , Russia .
Ulmishek of the United States Geological Survey . pdf [ 2 ]
M.K. Verma , Modified Arrington Method for Calculating Reserve Growth — A New Model for United States Oil and Gas Fields , U.S. Geological Survey Bulletin 2172 - D , pdf [ 3 ]
Giant oil fields and their importance for future oil production , Fredrik Robelius , PhD Thesis
The data for the world production of crude oil + condensate is composed of :
The code is available in R language , the windows version of R software is available here .
You will need to install the Matlab package ( go in " Packages / Install Package (s ) " then choose a CRAN site and select Matlab from the package list ) .
To execute the program , open the file ( ) and click on " Edit / Run all " .
What happens when British Airways loses your luggage ?
Pretty much nothing ...
Time elapsed between the time BA lost my baggage and failed to even be able to tell me where it is :
11 Days , 4 Hours , 31 Minutes
very expensive
Its a rare day that a truly good standard comes along .
Its an even rarer day that the standard get widely adopted .
So the developers of Atom should stand up and take a bow – not only did they hit a home run with the Atom syndication format , they ’ve done it again with the Atom publishing protocol .
In case you are not familiar with Atom , the syndication format provides a standard format for saving blog content in XML and the publishing protocol provides a standard API for clients to read , create or update Atom documents stored on servers .
Its certainly not news that the Atom syndication format is both technically and socially a better blogging format than myriad flavors of RSS .
Nor is it news that the Atom publishing protocol is more capable replacement than what proceeded it .
What is news is the surprisingly deep and capable technology platform
Atom offers , making it suitable for a large range of applications well beyond blogging software .
In fact I believe we ’re witnessing the birth of the next great technology standard , with Atom taking its place alongside HTML , HTTP and the underlying protocols that support the Internet .
Emergent Properties
Atom is so useful because of the emergent properties that arise from its unique combination of :
A simple data model of collections that contain entries
Careful selection of the most important metadata ( author , update time , etc. )
Support of attached pictures , songs and video to entries
Extensibility through XML namespaces
A standard REST API that fully leverages HTTP
Easy to read , short specifications that can be implemented in a good days worth of hacking
Starting with the data model , it turns out that modeling the world as collections that contain entries is awfully useful .
Clearly this model works well for blogs , which are a collection of articles .
But it also works across a vast range of domains , such as modeling records in tables , songs in collections , features on a map , items in a shopping cart , books in a library , etc .
Then for each entry , Atom defines a small set of the most useful attributes , such as name , published date , etc ( these attributes mostly overlap with the Dublin Core attributes ) .
It also lets you easily associate different types of media with each entry – a song , a picture , a podcast , a location , etc .
Therefore right off the bat Atom provides a universal way that computers can share a base level of information about whatever things they model .
Atom then takes this a step farther by allowing custom information to be embedded via the use of XML namespaces .
Thus you can use XHTML to embed a story , GeoRSS to embed coordinate information , rank extensions to embed rating information , threading extensions to embed comments , etc .
Providing a common format that many different computer systems can understand is just the first part of the problem though .
The second part is how can the computer systems talk to each other to actually exchange information ?
This is where the Atom publishing protocol shines .
As opposed to inventing yet another RPC ( remote procedure call ) API , it deftly leverages HTTP by simply sticking to its defined verbs such as GET , POST , PUT and DELETE .
To those in the know , this type of API is called a REST API , which I ’ve written about previously here , here and here if you ’re interested .
Unfortunately , REST is not as clear cut as it could be as witnessed by never debates about various arcane technical details ( PUT versus POST for example ) .
The Atom publishing protocol dispenses of these problems by simply defining explicitly how client and servers should interact .
Finally , both the Atom syndication format and publishing protocol are simple to implement since they build off the strong foundation of provided by XML and HTTP .
For the work I ’ve done with MapBuzz , I had an Atom feed up in running in a couple hours and full support for the Atom publishing protocol in a day .
One Format to Rule Them All
By combining a simple data model , a standard data exchange format , easy extensibility and a common API and simple specifications , Atom offers a great foundation for building web services .
Its a no-brainer to see that Atom will blow away the WS - DeathStar ( which is a mocking tribute to the mountains of specifications that IBM , Microsoft and others have generated for defining web services ) .
But I think Atom will go farther – it will become the lingua franca of Web Services just as HTML is the lingua franca of the Web .
One of the hidden secrets of web services is that exchanging xml documents between computers does n’t result in integration .
Integration requires every system to understand the same formats – and that takes good old programming by some person .
As a result , its become clear over the last few years that inventing a new XML format for every problem domain is not a particularly good idea .
Atom steps into this void – it provides a foundation on which anyone can build .
Its much easier to build a Web service by adding some custom content to an Atom feed than it is to create a new XML exchange format and API from scratch .
Thus , I believe Atom will become the de facto way of building web services .
The first place to look is to Web 2.0 sites .
Many currently expose their data via proprietary web service APIs – I ’ll wager over the coming year most will move to Atom .
Network Effects
Last , the power of network effects is already working its magic in the Atom world .
As Atom becomes more popular , Atom tools get better , making it easier to work with , attracting more users , etc .
Atom support has even made it into the latest release of the major browsers .
It sure was a nice surprise to find out I could point my browser at a new Atom based web service and it just works – the results are nicely formatted and easy to read – making debugging quick and easy .
I hate software licenses .
When I read a software license , what I see is a bunch of officious , mind - numbing lawyerly doublespeak .
Blah , blah , blah .. kill me now .
If I had my way , everything would be released under the WTFPL .
Over time , I 've begrudgingly come to the conclusion that , like lawyers , death , and taxes , choosing a software license is inevitable .
Of course , it does n't matter if yours are the only human eyes that will ever see the code .
But a proper software license is a necessary evil for any code you plan to release to the public .
I definitely regret not choosing a software license for my CodeProject articles .
I 'll occasionally get friendly emails from people asking permission to use the code from my articles in various projects , commercial and otherwise .
It 's thoughtful of people to ask first .
I do appreciate it , and permission is always granted with the single caveat that my name and URL remain in the comments .
Because I did not explicitly indicate a license , I declared an implicit copyright without explaining how others could use my code .
Since the code is unlicensed , I could theoretically assert copyright at any time and demand that people stop using my code .
Experienced developers wo n't touch unlicensed code because they have no legal right to use it .
That 's ironic , considering the whole reason I posted the code in the first place was so other developers could benefit from that code .
I could have easily avoided this unfortunate situation if I had done the right thing and included a software license with my code .
Unfortunately , we love software licenses like we love standards – that 's why there are so many of them .
And what , exactly , are the differences between all these licenses ?
How do you select the correct license for your software ?
I 've attempted to succinctly capture the key differences between the most well - known software licenses in the following handy chart .
Source Type ( Clauses ) None Open None ( 0 ) Without a license , the code is copyrighted by default .
People can read the code , but they have no legal right to use it .
To use the code , you must contact the author directly and ask permission .
Public domain Open Permissive ( 0 ) If your code is in the public domain , anyone may use your code for any purpose whatsoever .
Nothing is in the public domain by default ; you have to explicitly put your work in the public domain if you want it there .
Otherwise , you must be dead a long time before your work reverts to the public domain .
GPL Open Copyleft ( 12 )
The archetypal bearded , sandal - clad free software license .
Your code can never be used in any proprietary program , ever !
Take that , capitalism !
LGPL Open Mostly Copyleft ( 16 ) GPL with a cleverly - constructed pressure valve release .
Your free software can be binary linked to proprietary programs under certain very specific circumstances .
MIT / X11 Open Permissive ( 2 ) Short and sweet .
Includes generic legal disclaimer of liability .
BSD Open Permissive ( 2 ) Short and sweet .
Includes legal disclaimer of liability with explicitly named organization .
Apache Open Permissive ( 9 ) Requires derivative works to provide notification of any licensed or proprietary code in a common location .
Eclipse Open Permissive ( 7 ) Business friendly .
Allows derivative works to choose their own license for their contributions .
Mozilla Open Weak Copyleft ( 13 ) Allows liberal mixing with proprietary software .
MS Permissive Open Permissive ( 3 ) Resembles the MIT and BSD licenses .
Not formally accepted by OSI , and also offered in a " Windows - only " LPL variant .
MS Community Open Copyleft ( 3 ) Resembles the GPL license .
Requires all contributed code to be returned to the community .
Not formally accepted by OSI , and also offered in a " Windows - only " LCL version .
MS Reference Proprietary Read Only ( 3 ) You can review the code , or make copies of it , but you can't use it or change it in any way .
Allows a window ( no pun intended ) on formerly completely proprietary , secret code .
After compiling this table , I 've learned two things :
My head hurts .
I still prefer the WTFPL .
I 'm not even going to get into the many religious issues of software licensing , such as ...
It 's a minefield , people .
All I 'm saying is this : the next time you release code into the wild , do your fellow developers a favor and pick a license – any license .
Work Your Proper Hours Day ( 28 Feb 2020 ) is the day when the average person who does unpaid overtime finishes the unpaid days they do every year , and starts earning for themselves .
We think that 's a day worth celebrating .
Over five million people at work in the UK regularly do unpaid overtime , giving their employers £ 35 billion of free work last year .
If you 're one , why not take some time to reflect on how well ( or badly ) you 're balancing your life ?
This is one day in the year to make the most of your own time .
Take a proper lunchbreak and leave work on time to enjoy your Friday evening - You deserve it !
Long hours are not good for us ; they cause stress ; they 're bad for our health ; they wreck relationships ; they make caring for children or dependents more difficult ; and tired , burnt - out staff are bad for business .
We ’re not saying Britain should turn into a nation of clock watchers .
Few people mind putting in extra effort from time to time when it is needed , but it is too easy for extra time to be taken for granted and expected day in day out .
Catch up with a friend , go to the movies , take a stroll down the park or surprise your family by getting home early .
Make the most of your own time !
So what might unpaid overtime be costing YOU ?
We 've built a calculator that shows you how much your salary would work out if you got paid your contracted rate for all the hours you actually put in .
Give it a go and you might get a shock !
«
»
Recently , Fortify Software has claimed that there is a pervasive and critical vulnerability in Web 2.0 with their JavaScript Hijacking paper .
The way they wrote the paper is extremely misleading and was likely constructed this way on purpose to garner press and business for their company .
The first egregious dishonesty in their paper is that it analyzes client - side Ajax frameworks .
This is not where the vulnerability is , nor where it 's fixed .
The service 's intended client - side JavaScript code is not even executed during ANY PART of the demonstrated exploit !
However , client - side Ajax frameworks are a hot topic , so what the hell , let 's blame them .
The second is that they do not enumerate all of the preconditions required for the exploit .
The client must support JavaScript setters .
The only browser that I 've found that supports these are Firefox .
Internet Explorer 6 , Safari , and Opera are NOT VULNERABLE to the specific exploit described in the paper .
The paper claims that " all of the examples in the paper could be adapted to work under Internet Explorer too " .
Oh yeah ?
Prove it .
And MOST importantly the exploit is only applicable to JSON that also happens to be valid JavaScript code .
The only type of JSON that is valid JavaScript code without parentheses is a JavaScript array ( or bare primitives , but those are not interesting or exploitable ) .
That 's right , the simplest fix is to always make sure you send an object on the outside , not an array .
Exploitable :
[ {" object " : " inside an array " } ]
NOT Exploitable :
{ " object " : " not inside an array " }
Also NOT Exploitable :
{ " result " : [ {" object " : " inside an array " } ] }
The simplest solution is to just change the JSON RFC to include a strong recommendation that only objects should be allowed as an envelope .
Server - side frameworks should give error or provide warning when an array is serialized without a containing object .
I notified them of this before the paper was published , but they ignored my suggestion and instead went for the more complicated suggestion of trying to add backwards - incompatible sludge to JSON .
I 've crafted a little example that shows which browser you 're using and the attacks that were successful .
The Fortify exploit is " Array / Object JSON vulnerable " .
The two other tests are for JSON documents not contained by an array .
The Fortify exploit is the only one that succeeds , and it only succeeds in Firefox .
This is not at its heart a civil war , nor is it an example of the upsurge of regional Islamism .
It is not reducible to an atavistic clan or fratricidal blood - letting , nor to a power struggle between warring factions .
This violence cannot be characterised as a battle between secular moderates who seek a negotiated settlement and religious terrorist groups .
And this is not , above all , a miserable situation that has simply slipped unnoticed into disaster .
The many complex steps that led us here today were largely the outcome of the deliberate policies of a belligerent occupying power backed by the US .
As the UN envoy for the Middle East peace process , Alvaro de Soto , remarked in his confidential report leaked last week in this paper : " The US clearly pushed for a confrontation between Fatah and Hamas , so much so that , a week before Mecca , the US envoy declared twice in an envoys meeting in Washington how much ' I like this violence ' , referring to the near - civil war that was erupting in Gaza in which civilians were being regularly killed and injured . "
How did we get here ?
The institutions created in occupied Palestine in the 1990s were shaped to bring us to this very point of collapse .
The Palestinian Authority , created through negotiations between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organisation in 1993 , was not meant to last more than five years - just until the institutions of an independent state were built .
Instead , its capacities were frozen and it was co-opted into performing the role of a security agency for the Israelis , who were still occupying Palestine by military force , and serving as a disbursement agency for the US and EU 's funding of that occupation .
The PA had not attained a single one of the freedoms it was meant to provide , including the most important one , the political liberty of a self - determining sovereign body .
Why did we get here ?
Once the exact nature of its purpose emerged , the Palestinians began to resist this form of external control .
Israel then invaded the West Bank cities again and put President Yasser Arafat 's compound under a two - year siege , which ended with his death .
Under those conditions of siege the international " reform " process created a new institution of a prime minister 's office and attempted to unify the security apparatus under it , rather than that of the president , whom they could no longer control .
Mahmoud Abbas was the first prime minister , and the Israeli - and US - backed Fatah strongman , Mohammed Dahlan , was appointed head of security .
After the death of Arafat , Abbas was nominated to the leadership of the PLO , and directly elected as the president of the PA .
Arafat had followed the strategy of all successful liberation movements : a combination of resistance and negotiation until the conclusion of a comprehensive peace treaty .
Abbas 's strategy was of an entirely different order : no resistance in any form and a complete reliance on the good faith of the Israelis .
After a year of achieving nothing - indeed Ariel Sharon refused to negotiate with him and Israeli colonisation was intensified - the Palestinian people 's support for this humiliating policy of submission wore thin .
Hamas , polling about 20 % in previous years , suddenly won 43 % of the vote in 2006 .
This popular reaction was a response to the failure of Abbas 's strategy as much as the failure of Fatah to present any plausible national programme whatsoever .
The Palestinians thus sought representation that would at least reflect their condition of occupation and dispossession .
Although the elections were recognised as free and fair , the US and Britain immediately took the lead in applying sanctions against the Hamas government , denying aid - which was only needed in the first place because the occupation had destroyed the economy - and refusing to deal with it until it accepted what had become , under these new circumstances , impossible " conditions " .
The US administration continued to treat Fatah as if it had won the election rather than lost it - funding , arming , and directly encouraging agents within it to reverse the outcome of that democratic election by force .
The Palestinian president brought pressure to bear on Hamas to change its position on recognition of Israel .
Palestinians refused to participate in this externally driven coup - indeed , the vast majority of Fatah cadres rejected outright an enterprise so clearly directed at destroying the Palestinian body politic .
Both the prisoners ' document and the Mecca agreement signed in Saudi Arabia creating a national unity government took place because Palestinian society insisted on a national framework .
Yet a small group has brought us to this point .
The outcome is what we have before us today , similar to what the Americans were seeking to create in Iraq : the total exclusion of democratic practices and principles , the attempt to impose an oligarchy on a fragmented political society , a weakened and terrorised people , a foreign rule through warlords and strongmen .
How do we get out of here ?
For the west , the path is both obvious and simple .
It needs to allow the Palestinians their own representation .
It can look to the terms of the Mecca agreement to see the shape that would take , and to the 2006 prisoners ' document for the political platform the Palestinians hold .
It needs to urgently convene a real international peace conference , which no one has attempted since 1991 , as recommended in the Baker commission 's report on the Iraq war , de Soto 's end of mission report , and as championed by President Jimmy Carter .
And it needs only to look to the Beirut Arab peace initiative to find everything it has been seeking , if indeed it is seeking peace .
For the Palestinians , the path is also clear : we have come to the end of the challenging experiment of self - rule under military occupation .
We now need to dissolve the PA , mobilise to convene direct elections to our only national parliament , the Palestine National Council , in order to enfranchise the entire political spectrum of Palestinians , and thereby recapture the PLO , transforming it into the popular and democratic institution it once had a chance of becoming .
This is already a popular demand of all Palestinians .
Palestinians in exile must take their turn again in lifting the siege inside Palestine , as the inside did for the outside after the almost total destruction of the PLO in 1982 in Lebanon and the siege of the refugee camps there in 1986 : we are one people .
The Palestinians have a long history of struggle in which each generation has had to break out of the coercive prison imposed by British colonial , Arab , Israeli , and now American rule , and we will do it again .
· Karma Nabulsi is fellow in politics and international relations at St Edmund Hall , Oxford University karmanabulsi@hotmail.com
George Meyer , one of the writers on the Simpsons , likes to collect examples of advertising in which “ the word - to - falsehood ratio approaches one . ”
In an interview in the New Yorker , he complained about a magazine ad for a butter substitute called Country Crock .
“ It ’s not from the country , there is no crock , ” he told the interviewer .
“ Two words , two lies . ”
Recently I got this piece of junk mail from Earthlink ( larger view )
Just for my own personal amusement , I decided to try to count how many lies are on this particular fine specimen .
The whole piece is attempting to disguise itself as an express mail letter .
They are working on the assumption that ignorant recipients will confuse it with a Federal Express letter , or perhaps think that “ Urgent Express ” is a company that competes with FedEx .
Uh huh .
Ooooh !
The marketing slimeballs at Earthlink must have drooled at the thought of old Marge in a nursing home , practically falling over with excitement that she got an urgent express letter , like those letters you get from fancy New York lawyers urging you to sue the nursing home .
It says that it ’s urgent , and it is n’t , it ’s just a stupid CD trying to get you to sign up for Internet access .
It says that it ’s “ express ” , but it ’s mailed using “ Presorted Standard ” rate , which is n’t express at all , in fact , it probably cost precisely $ 0.23 to mail ( FedEx is $ 15.34 ) .
It has a tracking number , but it is using a class of mail service that is not tracked , and I ’ll bet you anything that everybody gets the same tracking number .
Sorry , folks , for $ 0.23 you do n’t get tracking .
It uses a fake handwriting font , intended to make you think that it is not junk mail but rather something that a person made for you .
It says that it ’s from Sky Dayton ( founder of Earthlink ) although it is actually from Earthlink ’s direct marketing department .
I can just see the thought going through the copy writer ’s head .
“ People wo n’t open it unless it ’s from someone they know , and everyone knows Sky Dayton ! ”
It has a “ sender ’s account number ” which is , of course , completely fake ( Anybody care to try to use it to sign up for Earthlink ? )
It has a little “ payment ” section with a checkbox indicating that it should be billed to the sender , even though this has no meaning on standard mail .
It has a “ release signature ” with a little annotation that this signature is “ required , ” when actually no “ release signature ” is required at all .
It says “ Time Sensitive Material Enclosed , ” which is almost certainly untrue and meaningless anyway .
On the back , it says “ Weight Limit 8 Ounces ” even though the actual weight limit for Presorted Standard is 16 Ounces .
CNN anchors lose it over Romney ' dog on roof ' joke David Edwards and Will Menaker
Published : Monday July 23 , 2007 Print This Email This
It was all laughs Monday morning , as CNN continued to hype its upcoming " YouTube " debate , where candidates will answer questions uploaded onto the popular video website .
Anchor John Roberts then introduced a segment on how " viral videos " are changing the nature of campaigning .
After running through several clips of candidates either clicking or bombing with an audience at campaign events , followed by a bit from the wildly popular " Obama - girl " video and one clip of a man sitting in his bathroom singing about how Joe Biden " ai n't the sharpest tool in the shed , " the segment ran a country music - style clip purporting to be from Mitt Romney 's family dog , Seamus , recounting his now infamous ordeal of being put in a crate on top of a station wagon for a twelve hour drive .
Romney has tried to deflect criticism of this treatment of the family pet by claiming Seamus loved being on the top of the car and often tried to climb up there by himself .
As the segment ended , Roberts and his co-anchor proceeded to crack up with laughter as they tried to explain the story of how the dog lost control of its bowels on top of the car .
" That 's going to be the zen moment , " commented Roberts when he managed to stop laughing .
" Daily Show 's going to love that one . "
The following video is from CNN's American Morning broadcast on July 23 .
The retail value of the 30 - gigabyte video iPod that the authors examined was $ 299 .
The most expensive component in it was the hard drive , which was manufactured by Toshiba and costs about $ 73 .
The next most costly components were the display module ( about $ 20 ) , the video / multimedia processor chip ( $ 8 ) and the controller chip ( $ 5 ) .
They estimated that the final assembly , done in China , cost only about $ 4 a unit .
One approach to tracing supply chain geography might be to attribute the cost of each component to the country of origin of its maker .
So $ 73 of the cost of the iPod would be attributed to Japan since Toshiba is a Japanese company , and the $ 13 cost of the two chips would be attributed to the United States , since the suppliers , Broadcom and PortalPlayer , are American companies , and so on .
But this method hides some of the most important details .
Toshiba may be a Japanese company , but it makes most of its hard drives in the Philippines and China .
So perhaps we should also allocate part of the cost of that hard drive to one of those countries .
The same problem arises regarding the Broadcom chips , with most of them manufactured in Taiwan .
So how can one distribute the costs of the iPod components across the countries where they are manufactured in a meaningful way ?
To answer this question , let us look at the production process as a sequence of steps , each possibly performed by a different company operating in a different country .
At each step , inputs like computer chips and a bare circuit board are converted into outputs like an assembled circuit board .
The difference between the cost of the inputs and the value of the outputs is the “ value added ” at that step , which can then be attributed to the country where that value was added .
The profit margin on generic parts like nuts and bolts is very low , since these items are produced in intensely competitive industries and can be manufactured anywhere .
Hence , they add little to the final value of the iPod .
More specialized parts , like the hard drives and controller chips , have much higher value added .
Home | Current Issue | Archives | Instructions for Authors | Disclaimer | Printable Version
Faked Eggs :
The World 's Most Unbelievable Invention
Alexander Tse - Yan Lee , B. H. Sci. ; Dip. Prof. Counsel . ; MAIPC ; MACA
Queers Network Research
Hong Kong China
Citation :
Alexander Tse - Yan Lee : Faked Eggs : The World 's Most Unbelievable Invention .
The Internet Journal of Toxicology .
2005 .
Volume 2 Number 1 .
Table of Contents
Abstract
This article is the first in a series of case reports addressing the problems of some selected artificially made food products in Mainland China ( These food products are sold to consumers in Mainland China , Macau , Taiwan , Hong Kong and other countries ) .
Drawing on reliable data extracted from Chinese newspapers , magazines and the Internet , this study takes a closer look at the problem of faked eggs in Mainland China .
It seeks to inform the scientific and medical communities regarding the problems of consuming these products as well as the short - and long - term epidemic consequences .
A Brief Introduction to Problem Foods in Mainland China
Cases of problem foods and food poisoning are widely reported in Mainland China over the last few years .
In 2001 , there were 185 cases of food poisoning , affecting about 15,715 people and causing 146 deaths ( 5 ) .
The cases doubled in 2002 ( 6 ) .
In 2003 , the number of reported cases was ten times more than that in 2001 , and the number of people suffered was as high as 29,660 , including 262 deaths ( 7 ) .
Although the Chinese government sought to tackle the problem ( 1 ) , the situation has become worse than before .
As there are countless cases of newly discovered problem food products and large scale of community food poisoning , it is time to explore how problem foods are manufactured and affect human health .
What follows suggests that there are a variety of problem foods ranging from primary - food to processed - food products .
This article is the first in a series of case reports addressing various problem - food products in Mainland China as well as its possibly associated acute and chronic impacts on health after short - and long - term consumption .
Through this series of case reports , it hopes to alert the international humanitarian , scientific and medical communities regarding such a serious matter and to throw light on possible solutions to the problem in China .
The Eggs that Cause Problems
Whenever faked food products are identified , people often assume these foods to be sub-quality secondary or tertiary processed food products such as canned food , sauces or snacks .
Until recently , however , it seems that even the primary food products can be artificially altered , faked and even human - made .
The “ Red Yolk ” Eggs
In early 2004 , a program entitled “ Weekly Quality Report ” broadcasted by China ’s government - run Chinese Central Television ( CCTV ) investigated the so - called “ best quality free - range chicken eggs ” sold at supermarkets in Tianjin .
This kind of eggs has a red egg yolk , which is believed to be top - quality chicken eggs .
According to a supermarket staff , the red egg yolk had to do with the use of first - class poultry feed , the success of nurturing technique and the good quality of the chickens ( figure 1 ) ( 4 ) .
Figure 1 : The use of food color additive Carophyll Red in chicken feeds in China ( captured from CCTV ) ( 4 ) .
However , it turned out that the “ red yolk ” eggs were not free - range chicken eggs .
The so - called top- quality chickens were not true and the poultry feed was ordinary feed .
The redness in the egg yolk was actually caused by the feed that was mixed with an unknowingly large quantity of poultry feed additive called the carophyll redŽ ( figure 1 ) ( 4 ) .
Carophyll redŽ ( with 10 % of canthaxanthin ) is a colouring agent for foods and drugs as well as animal , poultry or fishery feeds .
The use of carophyll redŽ in chicken and duck feeds is known to have caused chickens and ducks to produce eggs with red yolk ( 4 , 8 , 9 ) .
In some countries like China and Taiwan , the redder the yolk , the better it is in terms of the egg quality and class , and the more profitable ( 4 , 9 , 11 ) .
The European Commission of Health and Consumer Protection has limited the use of canthaxanthin in chicken feed to no more than 25 mg / kg ( 9 ) .
In fact an increasing number of naturally synthesized alternatives are available today to replace the synthetic one such as canthaxanthin ( 11 ) .
In China , the use of such additive in animal and poultry feeds is still common but is now restricted to below 30 gram per tons according to international standards ( 4 ) .
Based on the CCTV “ Weekly Quality Report ” , the chicken farmer used excessive amounts of feed additives and added unknowingly large quantity to the feed in order to get the desired result in three days – the red egg yolk .
Although no severe toxicity ( hepatotoxicity and carcinogenicity ) has been found through human observation studies ( 10 ) , long - term consumption of foods with high quantity of canthaxanthin will cause some adverse effects .
Previous studies have shown the dose - response relationship between canthaxanthin intake and the development of crystalline deposits in the retina of human ( 10 , 12 ) .
It is known that long - term consumption of high canthaxanthin dosage ( acceptable daily intake in human is 0.03 mg/kg of weight ) can induce canthaxanthin retinopathy , especially on those with pre-existing retinal diseases ( 9 ) , thereby affecting sight and raising the risk of possible long - term blindness ( 12 ) .
The Soil - Filled Eggs
Another type of faked eggs was reported in the Chaozhou - speaking area of northeast Guangdong province in early November 2004 .
A customer who bought a box of eggs at 45 kg from a mall found eight faked eggs in the box .
The faked eggs were filled with soil inside .
In China , egg is sold based on weight .
The heavier the egg , the more profitable it is .
Some fraudulent businessmen and farmers are reported to have filled the broken chicken eggs with soil and sold them .
Retailers usually purchase large quantities of eggs and cannot check the eggs carefully ( 13 ) .
Besides health concerns , the problem of soil - filled eggs reveals how badly regulated the primary food sectors are in China .
Businessmen and farmers will do anything for profits even at the expense of public health and interest .
The Chinese government has yet to develop a new regulating and monitoring system , no matter what it says about the efficiency of its current system .
At the present , consumers in China have to be aware of the severity of problem foods and rely on themselves in avoiding possible public health risk .
The Human - Made Eggs
The problems of the dyed and soil - filled chicken eggs represent a tip of the iceberg .
The most disgusting faked eggs are the “ human - made ” eggs .
One will be absolutely sick in the stomach if one consumes this product .
In June 2003 , there was a Chinese article about a consumer purchasing a bag of human - made eggs from the food market in Beijing .
Although the faked eggs looked practically the same as real ones , the consumer smelled chemicals when cooking the eggs ( figure 2 ) .
The egg yolk dispersed quickly when it was mixed with the egg white , and the colour was pale .
No flavour could be tasted after cooking .
According to the officials of the National Bureau of Industry and Commerce , the faked eggs were made from chemicals ( 14 ) .
Figure 2 : The fake egg in cooking and in raw status ( 2 ) .
News of human - made eggs was not confined to northern China .
It was widely reported across the country .
In less than a year , the faked egg industry has integrated itself into the retailing and wholesaling markets in Guangzhou .
There is even a company openly teaching people the technique of manufacturing this kind of eggs .
Evidence from Hong Kong and Guangzhou shows that the Guangzhou Bureau of Industry and Commerce identified a “ faked eggs production ” center and found more than ten thousands faked eggs at the centre in October 2004 ( 2 , 3 ) .
That center was believed to be one of the many production centers .
A team of journalists from Hong Kong went to Guangzhou to investigate the matter .
They found that there was even a “ science and technology development company ” teaching people how to make faked eggs out of chemicals .
The course lasted for three days and cost six hundred dollars including the cost of equipments .
The notes can be acquired separately at the cost of another hundred dollars .
After the training , some people worked full - time to manufacture faked eggs for the market ( 2 , 3 ) .
The chemicals used in synthesizing the faked eggs include baifan ( alumen ) , gelatine , lactone , carboxymethyl cellulose , calcium choride , sodium alga acid , sodium benzoate , lysine , paraffin wax , calcium carbide , gypsum powder and so on ( chart 1 ) .
Although the chemicals used are not severely toxic , some of them post some long - term health risks when consumed or overdosed ( 2 , 3 ) .
For example , baifan ( alumen ) has been linked to Alzhmer ’s disease if consumed for a prolonged period of time ( 2 ) .
Exposure to calcium carbide by faked egg producers due to carelessness can cause immediate irritation to the eyes and skin in the short term , while lung - irritation related bronchitis might arise in the long run ( 13 ) .
Chart 1 : The Process of Producing a Human - Made Egg ( 2 ) .
Is it a good advice to sniff the eggs only ?
At this stage , the National Bureau of Industry and Commerce in China has only told consumers how to distinguish the real products from the faked ones .
However , no particular action has been taken by both the central and provincial governments to tackle the current situation and stop the production of problem foods .
With respect to the problem of faked eggs , the consumer council in China only taught the public to sniff the eggs as a means of differentiating the real eggs from the fake ones based on the characteristic odour of normal chicken eggs ( 14 ) .
But this advice ignored the potential problem of possible avian influenza outbreak .
It also undermined the avian influenza prevention efforts and created confusion and panic among the public .
Evidently , the Chinese central and provincial governments are unable to cooperatively implement any preventive measures when dealing with problems of this kind .
In addition to the continuous problems of government corruption , one can never rule out the possibility that some local government officials profit from the production of problem foods and therefore , are determined to oppose any efficient monitoring and regulatory systems .
Conclusion
After joining the World Trade Organization and becoming integrated into the global economy , it is extremely important for China to develop an efficient food monitoring and regulatory system in order to prevent the frequent outbreaks of large - scale food poisoning nationally , if not globally .
It is also important to create a safe and healthy environment for children in China .
Otherwise , the children will suffer most from consuming these problem foods .
If this problem remains unsolved , there will be an unprecedented scale of chronic diseases in China in the nearest future .
Acknowledgement
I want to thank Mr Raymond Yau and Ms Carmen Huen for helping me to gather data from the Internet and magazines , Dr. David J. Padula of the South Australian Research and Development Institution ( SARDI ) for ideas and insights , and Prof. Joseph Tse - Hei Lee of History Department at Pace University in New York for suggestions and comments .
Correspondence To
LEE , Alexander Tse - Yan ( B. H. Sci. ; Dip. Prof. Counsel. ; MAIPC ; MACA )
Queers Network Research
Contact Phone : +852 3643 9664 ; +852 9500 7628
Contact Fax : +852 2398 9060
qnr.alexander@gmail.com
F/F , 2/ F , Lung Kee Building ,
3 Poplar Street , Mongkok , Kowloon ,
Hong Kong SAR , China .
References
1. Unknown ( 2004 ) .
" Tackling the problem of fake drugs and fake foods : Focusing and resolving the most obvious problem . "
The Star Daily , May 2 , 2004 , Beijing .
[ www.stardaily.com.cn/view.asp?id ... ]
2. Yeung , S. H. , Lau , W. Y. , Yu , Y. L. , & Wong , H. M. ( 2004 ) .
" Even the eggs are faked ! . "
East Weekly , Hong Kong , 24 : 20 - 24 .
3. Unknown ( 2004 ) .
" Hong Kong will work hard in preventing the import of faked eggs :
Some people in Mainland China openly held classes teaching such techniques while the Department of Food and Environmental Hygiene will follow up the matter . "
The Orisun Daily , October 28 , 2004 , Hong Kong .
[ www.the-sun.com.hk/channels/news ... ]
4. China Central Television ( CCTV ) .
( 2004 ) " Weekly Quality Report : Change of heart in chicken eggs . "
April 25 , 2004 .
CCTV .
People 's Republic of China .
5. Unknown ( 2004 ) .
" China , I am beyond anger ! " Lao Jiao Essay .
Article 2249 .
[ www.laojiao.org/essay/article224 ... ]
6. National Department of Health ( 2003 ) .
Cases of Food Poisoning and Causes in 2002 .
The Summary of National Health Statistics 2002 .
People 's Republic of China .
7. National Department of Health ( 2004 ) .
Cases of Food Poisoning and Causes in 2003 .
The Summary of National Health Statistics 2003 .
People 's Republic of China .
8. Wong , H. L. & Yeung , S. D. ( 1981 ) .
" The economic impact of adding canthaxanthin ( carophyll redŽ ) in feed on duck 's egg yolk colour . "
Modern Animal Reproduction . 15 ( 1 ) : 77-78 .
9. Lapointe - Shaw , L. ( 2003 ) .
" Drug information : canthaxanthin articles and reports . "
About MyMeds .
[ aboutmymed.com/canthaxanthin/can ... ]
10 . Olsen , P. " ( - ) .
839 : Canthaxanthin .
World Health Organization Food Additives . "
Series 35 : [ www.inchem.org/documents/jecfa/j ... ]
11 . Santos - Bocanegra , E. , Ospina - Osorio , X. & Oviedo - Rondon , E. O. ( 2004 ) .
" Evaluation of Xanthophylls extracted from Tagetes Erectus ( Marigold Flower ) and Capsicum Sp. ( Red Pepper Paprika ) as a pigment for egg - yolks compare with synthetic pigments . "
International Journal of Poultry Science . 3( 11 ) : 685-689 .
12 . Unknown ( 2003 ) .
" Food colouring causes eye problem . "
The Scotsman , January 28 , 2003 , Scotland .
13 . New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Service ( 2003 ) .
Calcium carbide hazard summary identification .
Right to Know Program .
CAS : 75-20-7 ; DOT : UN 1402 .
New Jersey , USA .
14 . Unknown ( 2003 ) .
" Human - made eggs appeared in Beijing : Completely artificially synthesized from inside out . "
E- North News , July 17 , 2003 , [ news.enorth.com.cn/system/2003/0 ... ]
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Last Friday , December 1 was the 19th World AIDS Day , and an enterprising seamstress in New York decided to commemorate the big day with a very special wedding gown .
Consisting entirely of 12,500 individually colored and stitched - together condoms , the result is quite fetching , the perfect complement to the chandelier made from penis pumps .
Advertisement
Penis - Pump Chandelier : Peace Pump Part of the Peace Needs a New Logo event in Aoyama during Tokyo Design Week , this chandelier is …
Read more
So with the average sex frequency of married couples holding right at 98 times per year according to a 2001 Durex Survey , this supply of condoms ought to keep the average married couple child - free for about 127.5 years .
Advertisement
There was no word about whether the condoms had been used or not before being sewn up into this dress , but with all that stitching involved , their use after the wedding ceremony was not recommended .
Condom Wedding Gown [ Spluch ]
A diabetic man fell into a coma because airport staff refused to let him take his insulin on board a flight from Auckland to Christchurch .
Qantas yesterday apologised to Tui Peter Russell , who had a severe attack on the plane and was in hospital for two weeks .
Mr Russell said check - in staff at Auckland Airport told him he could not take his medication on board because it was dangerous .
The 43 - year - old Glen Innes chef said he had flown many times with Qantas and had never had problems taking his medicine on board .
The medication was clearly labelled , he said .
" They thought I would hurt somebody , but I was only flying to Christchurch , not LA , " said Mr Russell .
He started feeling ill during the flight last month and called a flight attendant .
" They asked where the insulin was , and they were n't very happy when they found out I was n't allowed to bring it on board . "
Mr Russell praised cabin crew who tried to keep him conscious and gave him oxygen until they arrived in Christchurch .
But he fell into a coma shortly before the aircraft landed and spent two weeks in Christchurch Hospital .
A Qantas spokeswoman said Mr Russell was " wrongly advised at the check - in desk " to pack his insulin medication in his baggage .
The airline had apologised for the " distress and inconvenience surrounding his travel " , she said .
Qantas said passengers were permitted to take any essential medication and prescriptions on board in their hand luggage .
" Mr Russell was wrongly advised at the check - in desk to pack his insulin into his check - in baggage .
" We have taken steps to avoid a repeat occurrence including contacting Air New Zealand , who perform our check - in services in New Zealand , " she said .
An Air New Zealand official said Aviation Security had the final say on what was taken on board an aircraft , but passengers with prescription items could take what they needed for their flight , provided they were correctly labelled and named .
Mr Russell said Qantas had offered him a free return flight from Auckland to Christchurch , but he also wanted help from the airline to recover $ 500 in hospital and medication bills .
The Qantas spokeswoman said the airline was still talking to Mr Russell in an effort to resolve his concerns .
Mr Russell said he wanted to raise the issue for other people who had similar conditions and needed to take medication on aircraft .
" I do n't want anyone else to go through what I went through . "
newswire article reposts global genetic engineering US Government Admits Lyme Disease Is A Bioweapon author : Lymerayja
The existence of the Lyme disease epidemic is officially covered up in the UK , its myriad presentations routinely misdiagnosed as everything from " M.E. " to MS to hypochondria .
This is the first admission by a US government body that the cause is an incapacitating biowar agent SAN ANTONIO ( AP ) --
The $ 10.6 million Margaret Batts Tobin Laboratory Building will provide a 22,000 - square - foot facility to study such diseases as anthrax , tularemia , cholera , lyme disease , desert valley fever and other parasitic and fungal diseases .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention identified these diseases as potential bioterrorism agents . " .
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/10039154/
So , for the first time , a US government body admits that Lyme disease is a biological warfare agent .
This is the reason that hundreds of thousands of men , women and children around the world have been left to rot with wrong diagnoses , or have had their Lyme disease acknowledged but been told that it is an " easily - treated " disease , given 3 weeks ' antibiotics , then told to shove off when their symptoms carried on after that .
In Britain the existence of the epidemic is denied completely , and virtually no effort made to warn or educate the public about the dangers of ticks , which carry the bacteria Borrelia burgdorferi .
The Borrelia genus has been a subject of biowar experimentation at least as far back as WW2 , when the infamous Japanese Unit 731 , which tortured and experimented on live prisoners , studied it .
The reality is , Lyme disease is for many a chronic , horrendous , incapacitating disease producing crippling fatigue , constant pain , loss of memory , possible paralysis , psychosis , blindness and even death .
It was an ideal biowar agent because it evades detection on routine tests , has an enormous range of different presentations , and can mimic everything from ADHD to multiple sclerosis to carpal tunnel syndrome to rheumatoid arthritis to chronic fatigue syndrome ( M.E. ) to lupus to schizophrenia .
Enemy medical staff would never know what had hit them , nor even that ONE illness had hit their population , rather than an unexplained rise in dozens of known conditions .
Honest doctors and scientists who tried to treat or research Lyme disease according to ethical principles have been viciously persecuted by government - backed organisations in the US , Europe and elsewhere .
Many specialists in the US were threatened with loss of their license or had anonymous , false allegations sent to the medical board , which tied them up in mountains of paperwork and legal fees ... some were forced out of medicine or even driven to suicide .
Instead , medical disinfo agents , most of whom have a background in military / biowarfare units , such as Dr Allen Steere , Mark Klempner , Philip Baker , Edward McSweegan , David Dennis , Alan Barbour etc were enabled to assume top positions in Lyme research , CDC , NIH etc from where they issued false information , covering up the true seriousness and chronic nature of the disease , and comdemned untold numbers to a living hell .
contribute to this article
contribute to this article add comment to discussion view discussion from this article
The weapon , capable of breaching anti-missile defence systems , flew almost the whole length of the country .
US plans to build a missile defence shield in Europe have angered Russia , which sees the proposal as a challenge to its influence in the region .
The Russian test comes as President Vladimir Putin heads for the US to meet President George W Bush on Sunday .
' Key component '
The Bulava missile was launched from the White Sea off Russia 's north - west coast .
The intercontinental missile hit its target on the Pacific Ocean peninsula of Kamchatka .
Three earlier tests of the weapon in recent years had failed .
The Bulava is designed to have a range of 10,000 km ( 6,200 miles ) and carry six individually targeted nuclear warheads .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has described the missile as a key component of Moscow 's future nuclear forces , saying it can penetrate any prospective missile defence system .
Someone out there has a problem with art .
Or at least a certain kind of art and artist .
The evidence is the bright green and purple splashes of paint that began appearing on walls in Brooklyn and Manhattan more than a month ago .
The carefully aimed blobs obscured or disfigured dozens of pieces of street art created by people who may not be household names , but who have achieved the esteem of peers and some recognition from the mainstream art world .
The targets of the paint attacks have included posters , paper cutouts pasted on walls , and images stenciled on the sides of buildings .
Many of the paint splatters were accompanied by messages printed on plain white sheets of paper and pasted near the splatters .
Those communiqués appeared to condemn the commodification of art , but it is difficult to be sure what the messages really mean .
One reads , in part , “ Destroy the museums , in the streets and everywhere . ”
The author has kept his or her identity a secret .
Word of the covert actions spread quickly through the street art community .
Web logs began documenting the splatters .
Soon the unknown protagonist was named the Splasher .
Americans are n’t rich .
But we think we are .
So , we spend money we can’t afford to spend , and now we are , as a nation , drowning in debt .
Let ’s jump right to the scary graph :
That ’s based on data from the Fed ’s Survey of Consumer Finances .
Total median debt has gone from 12 % in 1963 to 220 % in 2004 .
Unsecured debt has jumped from 1.6 % to 41 % .
And consider this : in 1963 , 44 % of the population had no unsecured debt at all .
Not a dime owed on non-capital goods .
In 2004 , the typical American had over $ 2,000 in credit card debt alone .
And another $ 4,000 secured against their retirement savings , life insurance , etc .
Spending on toys has taken its toll , but bigger purchases are playing their part , too .
And when I mean bigger , I mean bigger .
Here ’s a graph of the median size of new homes in the U.S. :
That ’s lifted directly from the PDF of the paper “ Changing Trends : A Brief History of the US Household Consumption of Energy , Water , Food , Beverages and Tobacco ” by Rick Diamond and Mithra Moezzi , of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Houses are getting huge , as are mortgages .
The median mortgage in 2004 was $ 95,000 .
The median income as recently as 1996 was only $ 51,950 , according to “ FAMILIES AND THE LABOR MARKET , 1969-1999 : ANALYZING THE ‘ TIME CRUNCH ’. ”
That last is a rather interesting report .
Among other things , it discusses how median incomes for married couples have risen as women work more outside of the home .
The thing is , while women are working a lot more , men are n’t working that much less .
So , while total income has gone up , it turns out earnings per hour have n’t .
1969 1996 Median Income $ 41,453 $ 51,950 Hours Worked 2000 2497 Median per Hour $ 20.73 $ 20.80
( Those are 1996 dollars . )
We all think we ’re rich , that we should have bigger and better things than our parents had .
We went to college , whereas our fathers did n’t , so of course we should be making more than he did , right ?
Turns out , that in general we are n’t .
Lot ’s of people went to college , too , and thus devalued a 4 - year degree .
So , we expect to be able to afford bigger and better houses than our parents , and sure enough someone will give us a mortgage on one , but we ca n’t afford all these freakin’ McMansions .
The buzz on the interweb is that the housing market is going to implode soon .
Lot ’s of people will end up defaulting on the massive mortgage on their stupidly massive homes , and things will get ugly .
No one can say how ugly , and whether or not it will spill out of the housing market and into the general U.S. economy .
I suspect it will .
Much like before the Great Depression , Americans having been acting like we ’re rich when in fact we are n’t .
Instead of speculating on the stock market , we ’ve been speculating in the real estate market .
Well , guess what , any market can get inflated .
They ’re about to start calling in our margins - excuse , me , our mortgages and many of us ca n’t pay .
You are n’t rich .
Stop spending money like you are .
I was going through a pile of papers today and found some old correspondence with the Mathematical Association of America .
In 2004 I purchased from them a copy of Robert M. Young ’s wonderful book Excursions in Calculus .
I paid by credit card on the web site , I think , or else by phone .
Anyway , the point is I paid in advance .
The book arrived soon after , and then a while after that I got a bill .
Why they sent the bill , I do n’t know , since I ’d already paid .
Which they obviously knew , too , since the bill was for $ 0.00 :
Maybe they meant it to be a receipt or something ?
Anyway , I did what any red - blooded hacker would do when sent a bill for zero dollars by Mathematical Association of America : I paid it …
… by check :
Oh , how I wanted them to deposit it !
But they did n’t even try ; they sent the check back uncashed .
Maybe the MAA is using one of those accounts - receivable clearinghouse services , and it is n’t really their fault .
But if you ca n’t write a check for eiπ + 1 to the Mathematical Association of America , whom can you write one to ?
The handwritten reason for the rejection was totally lame , too : “ check needs to be wrote out in US dollars ” [ sic ] .
But it was in U.S. dollars !
Sheesh , it ’s like they ’d never seen a π - dollar bill before or something .
About Matt Linderman
Now :
The creator of Vooza , " the Spinal Tap of startups . "
Previously : Employee # 1 at 37signals and co-author of the books Rework and Getting Real .
Read all of Matt Linderman ’s posts , and follow Matt Linderman on Twitter .
No huge surprise , I have an Apple TV .
Seeing as my existing computer - to - TV setup was a messy combination of an Airport Express and a five metre DVI - HDMI cable , the Apple TV was a chance to get rid of the annoyances of this makeshift setup ; such as Front Row 's insistence on only running on the primary monitor and having to point my remote control at right angles to my television when I wanted to skip songs .
Setup
Setup is pretty easy .
You plug it in and run through the on -screen prompts to connect it to your Wireless network .
Then you go to your computer , bring up iTunes , and enter the magic code being displayed by the Apple TV to pair the two .
The advantage of on - screen setup is that it 's more direct and obvious for those 90 % of users who have n't read the manual .
The disadvantage is that entering your 128 - bit hexadecimal WEP key using an Apple remote and an on - screen keypad is painfully annoying .
My iMac already knows how to connect to my preferred Wireless network .
Why not have an Airport - style configurator that passes this information on to the Apple TV ?
Once connected , iTunes will start synching its library with the Apple TV .
Given a reasonably sized library and an 802.11g network , this will take a couple of hours .
Streaming
Luckily for the impatient , I did n't have to wait that long to enjoy my new toy .
The Apple TV is just as happy streaming direct from iTunes as it is playing content from its own hard drive .
As soon as you 've got the unit paired with an iTunes library , you can browse the library using the familiar , Front Row - style interface , and play stuff .
A lot of people are worried that the 40GB hard drive built into the Apple TV is too small , or are rushing to replace the internal drive with a larger unit .
These people forget that the Apple TV 's internal hard drive is only used for caching and offline use ( and if you 're nerd enough to swap out your Apple TV's hard drive , you 're probably nerd enough not to turn off your computer ) .
Current - generation wireless networks are faster than you think .
A quick back - of - the - envelope calculation suggests that if the Apple TV were capable of such a thing , you could stream an entire dual - layer standard definition DVD over a reasonably performing 802.11g ( not n ! ) home network , without any additional compression , in significantly less than the time it would take to watch the movie .
Since you can't just stream a DVD , any video you 'll be playing on the Apple TV will already have been re-encoded , and will likely be a lot smaller than 8GB .
So unless you 've got a lot of high definition video lying around already , the question of whether it 's sitting on your Mac or on Apple TV's hard drive should n't be a problem .
Using
The Apple TV 's limitations are pretty well documented .
It 's not a DVD player .
It 's not a PVR .
It wants your video to be in H.264 - encoded Quicktime .
Since that 's the format I tend to convert all my videos to anyway , that does n't bother me .
Of course , any 320×240 video that was designed to play on the iPod is going to look like pixellated arse on a 100 cm LCD panel .
I assume this would also be true for most video podcasts .
A few annoying gripes I came across :
As far as I can tell , there 's no way to turn it off without pulling the plug .
I left the Apple TV running overnight , and when I woke up in the morning it was still happily converting electricity into heat in order to display its screensaver .
I 'm not going to be using it that often , and the lack of even an obvious way to put it into standby mode is a significant annoyance .
Hey Al Gore , Apple TV is killing the planet !
!
Every minute or so when playing a song , the display will flip horizontally , swapping the position of the album art and title text .
This large , sudden movement is like your television shouting " Hey , look at me ! " at a time it should n't be drawing any attention to itself .
You can browse popular iTunes Store content , but you only get 30 second previews , and there 's no " buy " button if you happen to like it .
Try it , Apple .
Make the top twenty songs fully streamable .
I bet you 'll sell more of them that way .
The remote - control is an inaccurate , sluggish interface for scrolling through long lists of songs and artists .
Those gripes aside , the Apple TV works exactly as advertised .
It 's a tiny grey box that finds your iTunes library over a wireless network and plays it on your TV .
Which is almost exactly what I wanted .
Almost .
Digital Millennium
The iTunes music store piggybacked on the popularity of the mp3 .
People who had already ripped their CD collections got used to thinking of music as purely digital , to be consumed through the computer and its peripherals .
After a while , the idea of juggling pieces of plastic to play music that was otherwise a few mouse - clicks away started to feel a bit silly .
What I really want from the Apple TV , what would make it a killer device , is to be able to do the same thing with my DVD collection .
I want to buy a nice big hard drive , rip all my DVDs to it , and have every movie I own be a few clicks of my Apple remote away .
I 'd watch more movies that way .
I 'd buy more movies that way .
And when the Apple Store started selling movie downloads in Australia , I 'd be primed as a ready customer .
Thanks to asinine anti-circumvention , anti-format shifting copyright laws , though , all the software I could use for this end is dodgy grey - market nerdware , requiring a lot of manual labour to get working properly .
I have to copy my DVD to my hard drive ( ripping straight from the DVD makes the drive thrash painfully ) , then I have to mess around with a bunch of manual encoding settings I am entirely unqualified to even guess at .
Or I could spend three days waiting for the torrent to download , only to find that it 's dubbed into German with Polish subtitles .
And at the end of all this , all the menus and commentary tracks are still locked on the plastic disc .
Oh , and I 'd be breaking the law either way .
I just want iTunes to ask me " You 've just inserted a new DVD .
Do you want to add it to your library ? "
Of course , now they 're part of the media establishment , Apple would probably much rather we buy new copies of our already legally purchased movies from the iTunes store .
( Not that those of us at the arse - end of the earth have that option )
But now , at least , they have the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to blame instead .
To me , a " Rip , Mix , Burn " option for existing DVDs is the real missing link holding back the potential of Apple TV as a platform for digital movies .
You do n't just try to push people into the future .
You build a bridge there from where they are today .
The Long Now Foundation was established in 01996 to foster long - term thinking and responsibility in the framework of the next 10,000 years .
Read More ...
There has been something of a spat lately in the atheist blogosphere , due to an announcement from Greg Epstein , the humanist chaplain at Harvard .
Epstein and the Harvard Humanist Chaplaincy are sponsoring an event to , in their own words , “ take on … atheist ‘ fundamentalists ' ” such as Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris , and promote the value of humanism and inclusiveness .
The Associated Press has run an article on Epstein ’s announcement .
These comments have drawn a sharp response from those who feel that Epstein is lending support to the slurs religious zealots frequently hurl against atheists who dare to speak out .
Austin Cline and Brian Flemming take the lead in raking him over the coals , while Friendly Atheist has an insider ’s perspective on the feud , along with a link to Greg Epstein ’s own response .
Much of my feelings on the matter depends on the precise sentiment that Epstein intended to convey .
If he is saying that it is possible and desirable to speak our minds , but that we should take care to do so in a way that does not cause needless personal offense , then I agree with that .
I have said as much myself many times .
We can and should strongly criticize religious belief systems with which we disagree , but we should not generalize religious people as stupid , dishonest , or brainwashed .
Those terms are not true and using them adds nothing to the conversation except to pointlessly offend and alienate believers .
Regardless of how strongly we may disagree with them , there are many people who are sincere in their belief and believe for what are , to them , clear and convincing reasons .
We should acknowledge this .
Again , I am not in disagreement with any of this so far .
However , Epstein ’s use of the word “ fundamentalist ” – even in scare quotes – to describe his fellow nonbelievers was a poor choice .
Even if he meant something more benign than the AP story ’s interpretation of its meaning , he had to know that word would be seized upon by opponents of atheism who are eager to overlook such subtle distinctions .
That is a disreputable word for a reason , and Epstein ’s long list of clarifications pointing out ways in which Dawkins , Harris and others differentiate themselves from literalist religious fanatics shows that he knows this .
If he chose this word just to drum up controversy , that was wrong , and he should retract it .
For his graceful response , I ’m willing to give him the benefit of the doubt , but I hope he will be more careful in the future .
The problem is that use of this word only gives credibility to truly obnoxious and dishonest examples of anti-atheist sophistry , such as this article by Guardian writer Stuart Jeffries :
“ We are witnessing a social phenomenon that is about fundamentalism , ” says Colin Slee , the Dean of Southwark .
“ Atheists like the Richard Dawkins of this world are just as fundamentalist as the people setting off bombs on the tube , the hardline settlers on the West Bank and the anti-gay bigots of the Church of England .
Let ’s slow down and think about this for a moment .
Atheists like Richard Dawkins are just as fundamentalist as these other groups ?
Have any atheists claimed that Christians should not be permitted to marry each other or adopt children , the way some Christians do about gays ?
How many buses has Richard Dawkins bombed in the name of converting people to atheism ?
What I find truly repugnant is the attitude that would equate atheists honestly and forthrightly speaking their minds with the religious zealots who try to terrify others into obedience through deliberate and planned campaigns of murderous violence .
In what bizarre and demented ethical system are these two things comparable ?
Apparently , as far as Slee is concerned , having Richard Dawkins say some mean things to him would be every bit as bad as being blown into bloody shreds by a fanatic who sets off an explosive belt in a crowded public place .
No one who espouses such a ludicrous view deserves to be taken seriously .
Or take Jeffries ’ comments on Christopher Hitchens ’ upcoming God Is Not Great :
Its first chapter , drolly entitled Putting it Mildly , concludes : “ As I write these words and as you read them , people of faith are in their different ways planning your and my destruction , and the destruction of all the hard - won human attainments that I have touched upon .
Religion poisons everything . ”
… John Gray , professor of European Thought at the London School of Economics , whose book Black Mass : Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia will be published later this year , detects parallels between dogmatic believers and dogmatic unbelievers such as Hitchens and Dawkins .
Again , let us set aside this condescending stereotyping and consider the facts .
Is Hitchens ’ point actually wrong ?
Is Jeffries denying that there are religious believers who seek to murder and destroy in the name of their god ?
Surely not , since he alludes to the July 7 , 2005 London transit bombings earlier in this same essay .
But if Hitchens ’ point is accurate – which it is – then Jeffries must be saying that even if it is true , we atheists should n’t talk about it .
After all , correctly pointing out true facts would obviously be rude , uncivil and ( heaven forbid ! ) “ fundamentalist ” .
Apparently , “ respecting ” another person ’s religion requires not criticizing that religion even for the wrong things it has actually done .
“ What I find really distasteful is not just the tone of their rhetoric , but their lack of doubt , ” [ Rabbi Neuberger ] says .
“ No scientific method says that there is no doubt .
If you do n’t accept there ’s doubt in all things , you ’re being intellectually dishonest . ”
No , the true intellectual dishonesty is displayed by apologists who accuse atheists of being dogmatic simply because they have any opinion at all .
I will not presume the right to speak for Richard Dawkins , but I can speak for myself .
Like many atheists , I would be perfectly willing to change my mind if the correct evidence turns up , but no such evidence has turned up .
( EDIT : Dawkins agrees . )
Having doubt in all things means reserving the right to change your opinion if contradictory evidence comes to light .
It most certainly does not mean you cannot have confidence in your opinion or cannot argue strongly in its favor in the absence of such evidence .
This attitude – the sophistic demand for “ doubt ” – is nothing more nor less than saying , “ Since nobody can be absolutely sure that their view is correct , we should act as if every view is equally plausible and never state any opinion too strongly . ”
The only thing this position would accomplish is to ensure that we never find out who , if anyone , is in error .
In that regard , Dawkins and others who take a strong stand for atheism – and expose it to criticism if it proves to be incorrect – are far greater friends of reason and doubt than religious apologists who make these facetious demands for false humility .
Jeffries closes with a revealing comment about the kind of discourse he and others are actually seeking :
What should such a public square be like ?
It might not be Menckian , but it could be based on respectful understanding of others ’ most cherished beliefs , argues Spencer : “ We should be more willing to treat other value systems as coherent , reasonable and even valuable rather than as primitive or grotesque mutations of liberal humanism to which every sane person adheres . ”
But what if I do not think that a value system is coherent , reasonable or valuable ?
Should I lie through a pasted - on smile , speaking words I do not believe , just for the sake of ensuring that people I disagree with do n’t feel bad ?
The position being advanced here seems to be that if a belief system is held by many people , it automatically becomes “ coherent , reasonable and even valuable ” and should be treated accordingly .
This is categorically wrong .
An absurdity remains an absurdity , a contradiction remains a contradiction , and an atrocity remains an atrocity , even if a billion people believe it .
In opposition to this , I believe the public square should see many more sharp - edged , uncompromising , unapologetic debates between people who strongly disagree with each other .
I think every point of contention should be hammered out in full public view , every grievance and argument given a thorough airing , and the evidence for every position tried , scrutinized , and tested .
It is in the vigorous cut and thrust of open debate that our critical thinking skills are honed and our understanding is truly advanced – not in the bland , insipid porridge of relativism .
A few bruised egos are a small price to pay for all the intellectual and cultural benefits such an approach would bring , and I would much rather live in a society where everyone ’s positions , including mine , are constantly challenged than in one where people with passionate opinions are silenced in the name of not hurting anyone ’s feelings .
Does this make me a “ fundamentalist ” ?
Some will doubtless say so .
And there is one sense in which I will accept this charge : I am a truth fundamentalist .
I believe that the truth is superior to error , that the truth should be pursued above all things , and that we should uncompromisingly defend the truth once we have discovered it ( and it can be discovered , though not everyone who thinks they have done so is correct ) .
I am unapologetic about this position .
This places me in contrast to people who apparently feel that other values , such as not hurting people ’s feelings , take precedence over the truth .
I am proud not to be among those people .
Since I believe atheism is among the catalogue of true things , I will defend it .
If anyone believes I am wrong , they ’re welcome to take their best shot and offer whatever evidence they have that contradicts me , and I will gladly engage them .
But I will never bow to those who illogically embrace contradictory positions as equally plausible and valid , and who think that , by mutual consent , we should abandon our quest to seek the truth .
The dresses that impressed on Oscar night
In pictures
Best director
Martin Scorsese , The Departed
Clint Eastwood , Letters From Iwo Jima
Stephen Frears , The Queen
Paul Greengrass , United 93
Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu , Babel
Best actor
Forest Whitaker , The Last King of Scotland
Leonardo DiCaprio , Blood Diamond
Ryan Gosling , Half Nelson
Peter O'Toole , Venus
Will Smith , The Pursuit of Happyness
Best actress
Helen Mirren , The Queen
Penelope Cruz , Volver
Judi Dench , Notes on a Scandal
Meryl Streep , The Devil Wears Prada
Kate Winslet , Little Children
Best supporting actress
Jennifer Hudson , Dreamgirls
Adriana Barraza , Babel
Cate Blanchett , Notes on a Scandal
Abigail Breslin , Little Miss Sunshine
Rinko Kikuchi , Babel
Best supporting actor
Alan Arkin , Little Miss Sunshine
Jackie Earle Haley , Little Children
Djimon Hounsou , Blood Diamond
Eddie Murphy , Dreamgirls
Mark Wahlberg , The Departed
Best foreign language film
Das Leben der Anderen ( aka The Lives of Others ) , Germany
Efter Brylluppet ( aka After the Wedding ) , Denmark
Indigenes ( aka Days of Glory ) , Algeria
El Laberinto del Fauno ( aka Pan's Labyrinth ) , Mexico
Water , Canada
Best animated feature film
Happy Feet
Cars
Monster House
Best adapted screenplay
The Departed
Borat
Children of Men
Little Children
Notes on a Scandal
Best original screenplay
Little Miss Sunshine
Babel
Letters from Iwo Jima
The Queen
Pan's Labyrinth
Best original score
Babel
The Good German
Notes on a Scandal
Pan's Labyrinth
The Queen
Best original song
I Need to Wake Up - An Inconvenient Truth ( performed by Melissa Etheridge )
Listen - Dreamgirls ( performed by Beyonce Knowles )
Love You I Do - Dreamgirls ( performed by Jennifer Hudson )
Our Town - Cars ( performed by James Taylor )
Patience - Dreamgirls ( performed by Eddie Murphy , Keith Robinson , Anika Noni Rose )
Best documentary feature
An Inconvenient Truth
Deliver Us From Evil
Iraq In Fragments
Jesus Camp
My Country , My Country
Best documentary short subject
The Blood of Yingzhou District
Recycled Life
Rehearsing A Dream
Two Hands
Best visual effects
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man's Chest
Poseidon
Superman Returns
Best cinematography
Pan's Labyrinth
The Black Dahlia
Children of Men
The Illusionist
The Prestige
Best art direction
Pan's Labyrinth
Dreamgirls
The Good Shepherd
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man's Chest
The Prestige
Best animated short film
The Danish Poet
Lifted
The Little Matchgirl
Maestro
No Time for Nuts
Best action short film
West Bank Story
Binta and the Great Idea
Eramos Pocos ( One Too Many )
Helmer and Son
The Saviour
Best costume design
Marie Antoinette
Curse of the Golden Flower
The Devil Wears Prada
Dreamgirls
The Queen
Best make - up
Pan's Labyrinth
Apocalypto
Click
Best sound mixing
Dreamgirls
Apocalypto
Blood Diamond
Flags of our Fathers
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man's Chest
Sound editing
Letters from Iwo Jima
Apocalypto
Blood Diamond
Flags of our Fathers
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man's Chest
Best film editing
The Departed
Babel
Blood Diamond
Children of Men
United 93
Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award
Sherry Lansing
Honorary Award
Ennio Morricone
Matthew Dowd , the chief strategist for the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign , recently broke ranks with his White House buddies and denounced Bush ’s leadership .
He said he sees a president who only hears what he wants to hear , from those who know not to challenge him with competing ideas .
“ I think he ’s become more , in my view , secluded and bubbled in , ” Dowd said .
But what about the rest of the White House ?
It ’s one thing for an insecure leader to block out news that might upset him , but surely the president ’s team knows not to insulate themselves , right ?
Wrong .
The Bubble has n't gone away , it 's gotten bigger .
QR Code Link to This Post
Right over the horny male pigeon .
Ahh well .
I suppose it ’s natural selection at work ... poor guy , his brain was frozen by hormones .
Oh and as for the girl pigeon ?
She got hooted and cooed at by a bunch of other males , so I ’m sure she ’ll move on .
Burglars on the Job
If you worry about your home being burglarized , you might want to take a look at this interview with a burglar who gives some advice about where to hide your valuables .
His obvious answer : “ at the bank . ”
But he ’s got a few other pointers too , including :
1 . If you do keep cash in the house , leave a little of it where the burglar can find it , in the hope that he ’ll think that ’s all there is .
2. Leave visible a list showing that all your valuables are tucked away in a safe - deposit box .
3 . If you have kids , consider hiding cash in their rooms : they ’re too messy for a burglar to bother with and burglars assume that parents would n’t take a chance of hiding money where their kids might find it .
If you ’re looking for more information on how burglars think ( short answer : “ not much ” ) , take a look at Burglars on the Job , a pretty fascinating book by Richard T. Wright and Scott Decker .
To be sure , there are some pretty crafty burglars out there , like this silver thief I once wrote about , or the jewel thief Alan Golder , a.k.a .
The Dinnertime Bandit .
But not crafty enough : the silver thief is in prison now , and Golder was recently arrested in Belgium .
The silver thief once burglarized a home in New Jersey , stealing all the silver but pointedly leaving undisturbed a pile of cash — as a flip - off to the New Jersey detective who ’d been tracking him .
The thief just wanted to let the cop know that it was him , the silver connoisseur , who did the job and not some random burglar who ’d stoop to grabbing a few bucks .
( Hat tip : Skrzypek Mateusz )
It was a beautiful wedding .
When Houston ’s Bracewell & Patterson called a press conference at the Waldorf - Astoria Hotel two years ago to introduce its new partner , Rudolph Giuliani , the firm ’s lawyers beamed .
Their trophy mate was a real catch , someone who would bring instant name recognition for Bracewell ’s fledgling New York office .
Like a good traditional bride , the firm changed its name to Bracewell & Giuliani .
The hard - nosed New York politician and the savvy Texas firm cast their relationship in terms that might make a Hallmark card writer blush .
Their union , they said , was ignited by a burning passion for the law .
“ I wanted to practice law , ” said Giuliani , 63 , during an interview in late February .
“ I really enjoyed it .
It ’s who I am . ”
Or , as Patrick Oxford , Bracewell ’s managing partner , said in 2005 : “ It was really his love of the law that really drove our conversations . ”
It ’s entirely possible , of course , that at an age when many lawyers ease into retirement , Giuliani felt an unquenchable desire to plunge back into motions to dismiss and conflicts checks .
It ’s also an unavoidable fact that politicians have to create the right story .
Giuliani is a presidential candidate whose campaign story masks some rough edges in his personal and professional life .
The Bracewell chapter of this candidate ’s tale likewise has some awkward angles .
Giuliani , the quintessential New Yorker , could walk into practically any major law office in Manhattan and shake hands with a partner he ’s known for years .
Yet he chose a 332 - lawyer Texas firm where he had known no one longer than a few months and that was barely visible in New York .
Is it possible that political considerations were a factor in Giuliani ’s choice ?
No , insist Giuliani and Oxford .
“ That would be a silly way to run for president , ” says Giuliani .
“ You do n’t join a law firm to run for president . ”
Adds Oxford : “ We never discussed that one single time . ”
They might not have had to .
Oxford is close to President George W. Bush and Karl Rove and has been a top fund - raiser for Bush ’s presidential campaigns .
And during the last 35 years , Oxford has been a behind - the - scenes force in Texas politics .
If Giuliani ’s arrangement with Bracewell has nothing to do with politics , then he is benefiting from some extremely lucky coincidences .
Oxford is now serving as Giuliani ’s campaign chairman , and in the first three months of the year , Giuliani has received more money from Texas - $ 2.2 million - than any other Republican or Democratic candidate .
The list of Texas donors includes former Bush supporter and billionaire T. Boone Pickens , Jr. ( who has helped raise $ 500,000 , according to The Wall Street Journal ) , Texas Rangers owner Tom Hicks , and Richard Kinder , the chairman and chief executive officer of Bracewell client Kinder Morgan , Inc .
But politics can test the best of unions .
In recent months the political spotlight trained on Bracewell has become increasingly uncomfortable for Giuliani , the firm , and its clients .
Recent articles have scrutinized the firm ’s work for energy companies like Ven ezuela - owned Citgo Petroleum Corporation , forcing Giuiliani to explain his firm ’s connections to Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez .
The firm has also had to defend its work for companies accused of fighting environmental regulation .
In addition , Bracewell has had to concern itself with Federal Election Commission rules that would penalize Giuliani and the firm if his compensation is considered a campaign contribution .
Shortly before this article went to press , Oxford disclosed that Giuliani would soon be “ stepping back ” from Bracewell .
“ As he becomes more involved in his campaign , public appearances on behalf of the firm can be misunderstood , ” Oxford said .
He added that Giuliani ’s status as a partner would not change , but that he would reduce his appearances for the firm and would be less involved in Bracewell ’s New York strategy .
This move was prompted in part , said Oxford , by an effort to spare the firm and its clients more campaign scrutiny , or , as Oxford calls the attention , “ cavity searches . ”
After a little more than two years , the strain of this marriage is showing .
Will love of the law be enough to hold it together ?
Back in February , Giuliani was all over Manhattan .
A close - up of his face hung from hundreds of sidewalk newsstands , filling the cover of New York magazine .
The headline wondered : “ Him ? What America Sees in Rudy .
The Weirdness of the Giuliani Juggernaut . ”
The article - which examined how Giuliani woos voters outside New York by running on the memory of September 11 - did not mention Bracewell & Giuliani .
Inside Bracewell ’s Times Square office , a few touches set the firm apart .
A closed - circuit security camera watched the reception area .
A room next to reception served as a memorial to September 11 ; it included flags , a picture of Ground Zero , and a photo of the Statue of Liberty emblazoned with the words “ God Bless America . ”
In the hallway outside Giuliani ’s office , two security guards squeezed their large bodies into a small booth .
Giuliani sat in a wing chair by the door .
Leadership , his 2002 autobiography / inspirational management guide , was positioned next to him on a small table .
His tie was dotted with little “ R”s , and he had pinned an American flag to the lapel of his blue - and - gray pin-striped suit .
One of the firm ’s public relations specialists sat to the side .
As Giuliani answered questions about his role at the firm , he smiled almost continuously .
“ My last five to six months in office [ as mayor ] , I thought , ‘ What to do next ? ’ ” he recalled , as he quickly wove in campaign points . “ I had been through prostate cancer , and I was healthy .
I wanted to practice law .
I wanted to take the principles I used to turn around New York and consult with businesses that needed that kind of help .
. . .
All of this was in motion , then September 11 happened . ”
With that tragedy taking precedence , Giuliani said he “ turned over ” the planning of his postmayoral career to a friend , Roy Bailey .
Bailey is not a lawyer and previously ran a large insurance agency in Texas .
He helped Giuliani set up a small conglomerate of businesses : Giuliani Partners LLC , and its two units , Giuliani Security and Safety LLC and Giuliani Capital Advisors .
A Giuliani Partners spokeswoman said that Bailey , who is managing director of Giuliani Partners , was too busy to be interviewed for this article .
Two - and - a - half years later , in the summer of 2004 , Giuliani gave Bailey a new assignment .
“ I had told Roy . . . that I wanted to see if I could get into the law practice , ” Giuliani said .
That September , during the Republican National Convention in New York , Bailey had dinner with some Republican businessmen and met Oxford for the first time .
The two men shared interests in Texas and politics .
Bailey , a former head cheerleader at Southern Methodist University , had been finance chairman of the Republican Party of Texas .
Bailey asked Oxford to have coffee the next day , and broached the idea of Giuliani joining Bracewell .
Giuliani and Oxford had numerous meetings , “ to make sure the cultures matched , ” said Giuliani during the interview , who said he did n’t talk to many other law firms .
Before he left office he had discussions with one firm in depth , and another firm was contacted by others on his behalf , he said .
( He declined to identify them . )
Oxford informed Bracewell ’s seven - person management committee about the talks , but the partnership was n’t told for roughly two months , until the two sides outlined some terms .
In March 2005 Bracewell unveiled its new star .
“ We share values , ” Oxford announced at the time .
It was an unusual deal .
The firm agreed to pay Giuliani Partners $ 10 million up front for the services of the former mayor and two lawyer friends he would bring from Giuliani Partners : Michael Hess and Daniel Connolly , who had worked for the mayor in city government .
Despite that hefty payment , the three would continue to split their time with Giuliani Partners .
Before Giuliani became immersed in campaigning , he typically spent only Mondays and Fridays at Bracewell , allowing him to meet his other obligations .
“ I think I work two to three normal schedules , ” he noted during the inverview .
Bracewell also took out a $ 25 million loan to open the office .
During the February interview , Giuliani explained what attracted him to Bracewell .
“ I know law firms really well , ” said Giuliani , who has been a partner at three other firms and served as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York from 1983 to 1989 .
“ I wanted to make sure I really respected and liked the people here .
I retain the idea that this is more a profession than a business . ”
He added , “ A lot of law firms have made big mistakes by hooking up with the wrong people . ”
Not everyone saw a natural alliance .
Some Bracewell partners were shocked “ to the point of disbelief , ” says former partner Joseph Ford , who is now at DLA Piper .
Bracewell sat a rung below elite Houston firms like Vinson & Elkins and Baker Botts .
“ People were surprised that a firm like Bracewell & Patterson could attract someone of that stature , ” says Ford .
Another former partner adds , “ We all asked , what ’s in it for him ? . . .
People raised questions but it was sub rosa .
It was not popular to discuss around the water cooler . ”
In the end , this partner says , the vote to bring in Giuliani and change the firm ’s name was close to unanimous : “ The prevailing winds were so clear . ”
The financial disclosure form that Giuliani filed with the Federal ElectionCommission in May shows a highly unusual and lucrative arrangement betweenBracewell and Giuliani .
The firm guarantees the candidate a base pay of $ 1 million a year , and in 2006 he received $ 1.2 million .
Most surprising , Giuliani also gets 7.5 percent of the revenues of Bracewell ’s New Yorkoffice .
The firm claimed it had not yet computed that amount for last yearas of the date of the filing , so Giuliani did not report his share of the New York revenue .
With roughly 40 lawyers in New York and firmwide revenueper lawyer of $ 605,000 ( which is likely low for the New York office ) , the New York office likely had revenues of at least $ 27 million .
Giuliani ’sslice of that amount would be $ 2 million .
( The filing also showed that Giuliani had made a loan to New York partner Kenneth Caruso in the range of $ 250,000 to $ 500,000 .
Oxford said he did not know the reason for that loan ; Caruso did not return a call . )
Still , despite this generous compensation , it was clear from the start that Giuliani would have a limited role .
“ My understanding was that he waslending his name and ten to 15 hours a month to this , ” says one formerpartner .
Ford adds that most partners assumed that Giuliani would have evenless time for the firm in coming years : “ Everybody assumed that he would runfor president sooner or later . ”
During an interview in January , Oxford described the union of Bracewell and Giuliani as a perfect fit , motivated by disappearing old - fashioned values .
“ We recognize this is a business of law , and profitability you have to be attuned to , but it ’s not the essence of what we ’re trying to do , ” said Oxford .
“ Rudy was attracted to that .
He did n’t think law firms like ours existed anymore . ”
Sitting in a conference room in Bracewell ’s Houston headquarters , the 64 - year - old Oxford was pleasant and personable .
In a smooth baritone voice , he described how the addition of Giuliani has enhanced the firm ’s “ world - class value propositions . ”
He checked off the ways in which Giuliani has contributed :
His reputation for leadership and integrity has raised the firm ’s profile ; his great relationships in the New York business community have given the firm the right entr�es ; and his presence has created the excitement to attract top talent .
And , in theory at least , Giuliani has been available to do legal work .
“ We had hopes that with Rudy ’s great legal abilities , there would be circumstances where we would use them , ” said Oxford .
The managing partner avoided specifics , but reported that Giuliani has worked on three or four projects , and has “ provided a lot of great judgment ” on other matters .
“ The actual time he ’s spent on files I hesitate to estimate , ” said Oxford .
So did Giuliani .
“ I do n’t count billable time , ” he said .
“ That ’s part of the arrangement . ”
Most important for Oxford , Giuliani has enhanced Bracewell ’s “ overall patina . ”
Raising Bracewell ’s profile has been a goal of Oxford ’s .
When he was elected managing partner in 2001 , Oxford set a more ambitious agenda than that of his predecessor , Kelly Frels , who heads the firm ’s school district practice .
Oxford is a competitor - he displays a picture in his office showing him crossing the finish line of the New York City Marathon in 1983 .
As managing partner , he aimed to shrink the gap between Bracewell and firms like Vinson & Elkins .
“ He wanted to out - V&E V&E , ” remarks one former partner .
At one summer retreat , an associate performed a skit that gently ribbed Oxford ’s penchant for grand plans .
The line “ We ’re in the big leagues now ” got a knowing laugh .
Oxford joined Bracewell & Patterson in 1967 out of the University of Texas School of Law , when the firm had 13 lawyers .
Throughout most of his career , Oxford has kept his eye on interests outside the law .
In 1980 he left the firm to try his hand as a businessman , joining a client ’s bank , River Oaks Bank and Trust Company as chairman of the executive committee .
In 1983 he left that job to start a real estate investment fund called Western Growth Pool .
“ The eighties in Texas were very tough , ” Oxford says .
“ We made more than we lost , but did not do spectacularly . ”
He returned to Bracewell & Patterson in 1988 .
But Oxford ’s main outside passion has been politics .
In 1970 , when he was just three years out of law school , he worked on his first campaign , George H.W. Bush ’s unsuccessful run for U.S. senator from Texas .
In 1978 Oxford took a leave from Bracewell to be deputy campaign manager for the late John Tower in his reelection run for U.S. senator from Texas .
“ I was probably getting a little restless in practice , ” Oxford explained .
Over the years , Oxford has aligned himself with a series of successful Republican candidates in Texas , including the state ’s two U.S. senators .
He has played significant roles in all of Kay Bailey Hutchison ’s three campaigns for that office and was Texas cochairman of her last campaign , in 2006 ; he has been treasurer of John Cornyn ’s fund - raising committee since 2003 .
( Cornyn has raised $ 5.6 million since then . )
One Republican insider says that Oxford ’s success in politics is partly due to his engaging personality .
“ Pat ’s just a good guy , ” he says .
“ He works hard at maintaining friendships , and he ’s very good at it . ”
While working for Hutchison , a law school classmate , Oxford got to know the senator ’s chief strategist , Karl Rove .
“ Karl and I became fast friends , ” said Oxford .
“ I love Rove , I honestly do .
He ’s one of the finest , most insightful gentlemen I ’ve ever known . ”
Oxford and Rove continued to work together on other campaigns , including those of George W. Bush .
Oxford met Bush in the 1970s through common friends , and has worked on all of Bush ’s elections since , including his two runs for Texas governor and his two presidential campaigns .
Oxford helped raise $ 100,000 for Bush in 2000 , which qualified him as a Bush “ Pioneer . ”
But his efforts for his fellow Texan went beyond fund - raising .
During Bush ’s two presidential elections , Oxford organized a volunteer effort that he named the Mighty Texas Strike Force .
“ That was my brainchild , ” said Oxford about the 1,500 volunteers who were dispatched from Texas to battleground states .
In November 2004 Oxford described one of the group ’s principles to Newsweek : “ We move to the sound of guns . ”
In the 2000 election Oxford joined the extensive network of Republican lawyers who set up camp in Florida during the vote recount .
“ I ran Broward County , ” said Oxford .
“ Some people would say the recount came down to what happened in Broward .
It was quite a thrilling experience . ”
Broward County , which includes Fort Lauderdale , was one of three counties where Democrats focused their recount efforts , and - because it was the most Democratic of the three - it offered arguably their best chance to pick up enough votes to tip the state to Al Gore .
In the end , the tallying failed to put enough votes in Gore ’s column .
Michael Madigan , a partner at Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld who also worked on the recount for Bush , calls Oxford “ probably the most valuable strategist down there , ” and notes that Oxford was frequently in contact with Bush , who stayed in Texas .
Madigan credits
Oxford with the idea of bringing famous Republicans , like former senator Robert Dole , into the vote - counting room as “ celebrity observers . ”
In 2004 , when Ohio was the key battleground state , Oxford ’s strike force came under scrutiny when one member was accused of voter intimidation in Ohio .
This incident was related in a report by Democratic members of the House Judiciary Committee entitled “ What Went Wrong in Ohio ” and was reported in Robert Kennedy , Jr. ’s June 2006 article in Rolling Stone , “ Was the 2004 Election Stolen ? ”
Oxford insists that the strike force was never instructed to intimidate voters .
“ When I read the report in Rolling Stone , that was all fiction to me , ” said Oxford .
“ That was all bullshit to me . ”
The Mighty Texas Strike Force will not regroup for the next presidential campaign , according to Oxford .
When Bush was running , Texas was solidly behind him , and Texas volunteers needed an outlet for their activities .
This time , he said , Texas volunteers will be needed in Texas .
“ The strike force was an aberration of the Bush years , ” he said .
Bracewell has also come to the defense of one of the most controversial Republicans in recent years .
Beginning in 2000 , the firm defended former Republican House majority leader Tom DeLay against various ethics charges .
( It is not currently representing Delay in a criminal money laundering case brought by the Travis County , Texas , district attorney . )
As of 2004 , DeLay ’s legal defense fund had paid Bracewell more than $ 800,000 and owed the firm between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 .
( The fund did not have to file public reports after DeLay left Congress . )
Giuliani is not the first Republican politician that Oxford has lured to Bracewell .
Texas ’s current attorney general , Greg Abbott , joined Bracewell in 2001 after stepping down from the state supreme court .
He spent 17 months at the firm while running for attorney general , and Oxford served as cochairman of his campaign .
The biggest political catch before Giuliani was former Montana governor Marc Racicot , whom Oxford helped bring to the firm ’s Washington , D.C. , office in 2001 .
While at Bracewell , Racicot served as chairman of the Republican National Committee ( from 2002 to 2003 ) , and was chairman of the Bush - Cheney 2004 election committee .
( Racicot left the firm in 2005 and is now the president of the American Insurance Association . )
Like many firms , Bracewell has a political action committee , which donated $ 412,323 in the 2004 and 2006 political cycles to Republicans and Democrats , according to Opensecrets.org , a nonpartisan database run by the Center for Responsive Politics .
Since 2004 , the firm ’s PAC has given about 60 percent of its money to the GOP .
Oxford and his wife have donated more than $ 90,000 to Republican candidates and committees since 1993 .
Thirty - eight individuals at Bracewell have contributed $ 60,000 to Giuliani , with Oxford giving $ 5,000 .
Oxford supervises fund - raising for Giuliani , but says he ’s not really active in soliciting money .
In the first quarter of this year , Giuliani raised $ 16.6 million nationwide , second to Mitt Romney among Republicans .
Notably , several wealthy Texans in Giuliani ’s camp - such as Pickens , Kinder , and Hicks - have been longtime donors to Oxford ’s political allies , Senators Hutchinson and Cornyn .
Oxford dismissed the notion that Bracewell ’s political connections could help Giuliani .
“ It ’s sort of a compliment that people think our firm has that type of clout , ” he said .
He also downplayed his own political influence : “ I am a medium - sized political functionary . ”
The money contributed by Bracewell lawyers and employees to Giuliani ’s campaign pales next to the compensation the candidate is getting from the firm .
Bracewell has recently sought legal advice on whether the comfortable financial arrangement Giuliani enjoys at Bracewell is in compliance with federal election law .
If a partner spends most of his time campaigning , his compensation could be considered an illegal contribution .
“ No employer can pay someone to run for office , ” says former Federal Election Commission chairman Michael Toner , who is now a partner at Bryan Cave .
The same analysis applies to compensation paid to anyone at the firm working on the campaign , such as Oxford .
In April , Oxford said the firm was consulting with a couple of law firms on how the FEC might view these issues , but was confident that Bracewell was in compliance with the law .
He added that the firm has not reduced his compensation or Giuliani ’s because of their campaign activities .
Toner , who has not been consulted by Bracewell , says the commission examines whether a firm is paying fair market value for the partner ’s activities for the firm .
Toner notes that the FEC considered this issue in 2002 when James Talent ran for U.S. senator from Missouri while he was a partner at Arent Fox .
The FEC ’s general counsel concluded that Talent ’s compensation was appropriate because he had attracted clients and provided legal services , and his pay was comparable to similarly qualified lawyers .
In addition to campaign finance issues , Bracewell has also had to worry about which client might be hauled out next for political inspection .
Like most Houston firms , Bracewell represents a lot of oil and energy companies , which can make for easy targets by opponents .
Among the firm ’s clients are : Royal Dutch Shell Plc , Kinder Morgan ( a successor to some of Enron Corp. ’s operations ) , Valero Energy Corporation , the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association , and the Gas Processors Association .
In early May the firm came under fire in a New York Times front - page article as a foe of environmental groups .
“ We believe we ’ve been part of this country ’s success in making sensible environmental policy , ” Oxford told The American Lawyer , noting that the firm also represents alternative energy providers .
“ The best results happen when all sides are represented professionally and capably . ”
The poster child for disgraced clients , Enron , was not long ago Bracewell ’s biggest client , and Bracewell partner Carrin Patman is married to Enron former general counsel James Derrick , Jr. The firm had to give back $ 5 million in preference payments after the company went bankrupt .
Oxford does n’t apologize for the connection .
“ We had a great relationship with Enron until 2001 , ” he said .
“ I joke that ’s we ’re the only certified clean law firm in the whole thing .
We came through with flying colors . ”
( Unlike Vinson & Elkins and Kirkland & Ellis , Bracewell was never sued over its work for Enron ; the firm is also not mentioned in the extensive reports by Enron ’s bankruptcy examiner and the board ’s special committee . )
In March , Giuliani and Bracewell had to defend the firm ’s Texas lobbying for the Citgo , a U.S. subsidiary of Venezuela ’s state - owned oil company .
Giuliani ’s campaign quickly distanced its candidate from that country ’s anti-American president , Hugo Chavez , saying that Giuliani did not work on this lobbying and that Chavez was “ no friend of the United States . ”
Since then , Oxford has said that the firm and Citgo have been winding up the relationship , but he insisted that this had nothing to do with politics .
Instead , the Venezuelan government had been nationalizing companies represented by Bracewell , creating a conflict with continued representation of Citgo .
“ It ’s not because of Rudy , but plain old conflicts , ” Oxford said .
At least one Bracewell client has been dropped directly because of Giuliani .
When partner Kenneth Caruso joined Bracewell ’s New York office from Chadbourne & Parke in 2005 , he represented Saudi businessman Yousef Jameel .
Jameel is one of more than 200 defendants sued by victims of the September 11 attacks in Burnett v. al Baraka , which accuses the defendants of having funded or supported Al Qaeda .
Upon joining Bracewell , Caruso stepped aside as lead counsel , but continued to work on the case , and listed it on his Bracewell Web site biography .
During an interview with Caruso , in which a Bracewell public relations person was present , the partner fielded questions about the case .
Soon after , Oxford told Caruso to get rid of it .
“ It ’s an emotional issue for Giuliani , ” Oxford explains , adding , “ We had a little bit of a misunderstanding with Ken .
When I found out about it , I said , ‘ Look , buddy , you need to wind this up . ’ ” Oxford sounded surprised to hear that the case was promoted on Bracewell ’s Web site : “ Oh , shit ! ” he exclaimed .
In his two years at Bracewell , Giuliani ’s main contribution has been to serve as a living , breathing icon .
“ He ’s done a wonderful job for me at some client dinners , ” says management committee partner Mark Evans .
He notes that when Bracewell hired corporate partner Mark Palmer from Linklaters , Giuliani agreed to meet with the lateral ’s top five clients in the first 48 hours .
The former mayor can also be a hiring magnet , Evans adds : “ When you ’re recruiting fourth - or fifth - year associates , it ’s helpful for them to be able to see him . ”
Oxford said in March 2005 that he hoped Giuliani would recruit more than 50 lawyers in two years .
“ We ’ve grown considerably faster than projected , ” Giuliani said in February .
“ Next year we will be three times ahead of where should be . ”
At the end of March 2007 , though , the office had 32 lawyers , not 50 .
The recruits included lateral partners from McDermott Will & Emery , Chadbourne & Parke , and Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman .
Bracewell has since picked up a significant practice with the hiring of Evan Flaschen , the cohead of Bingham McCutchen ’s financial restructuring group , and three partners who followed him from that firm .
( The firm had to open a Hartford office for Flaschen . )
When it comes to Giuliani ’s actual workload , the firm at times seems confused about what its name partner is doing .
In September 2006 Bracewell prepared a press release for its role representing Spanish bank Banco Santander Central Hispano , S.A. , in a $ 651 million purchase of a majority stake in Drive Financial Services , a subprime auto lender .
The firm cited Giuliani first in the list of Bracewell lawyers who worked on the deal .
One lawyer representing Drive Financial was surprised to hear of Giuliani ’s role .
“ If he was involved in the transaction , that ’s news to me , ” says James Skochdopole of Dallas ’s Bell Nunnally & Martin .
“ I did n’t see or hear of him at all . ”
Oxford called the press release a “ mistake , ” clarifying that Giuliani was not involved in that deal to his knowledge .
Instead , he said , Giuliani played a role in another project for Banco Santander , helping to ease some regulatory concerns arising from its acquisition of a stake in U.S. bank Sovereign Bancorp , Inc .
The New York partners all emphasize how busy that office is .
Corporate partner Palmer does private equity work for MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC and represented it in its acquisition of bankrupt Varig ’s air freight division .
Litigation partner Caruso represents
The Bank of New York Company , Inc. , in litigation over BP shutting down the Prudhoe Bay , Alaska oil pipeline .
Marc Mukasey , who joined the firm from the U.S. attorney ’s office in Manhattan and heads its white - collar group , led an independent investigation into stock option backdating for Affiliated Computer Services , Inc. Connolly represents a Sutton Place apartment building in an appeal stemming from a dispute with New York over structural repairs .
Connolly and Hess - whose services were part of the $ 10 million payment from Bracewell to Giuliani Partners - continue to split their time with that business .
Hess , 66 , initially served as managing partner of the New York office , but now does little for Bracewell .
A former New York corporation counsel ( the city ’s top lawyer ) , he was not made available for an interview .
Connolly , 43 , took over as office managing partner in 2006 , although he had never worked at a law firm before .
He notes that when he served as special counsel to the New York City corporation counsel ’s office , he had management duties over an 800 - lawyer office .
At Bracewell , he spends most of his time on management .
The New York office is n’t yet in the black , but it ’s “ trending in the right direction , ” Oxford said .
Last year , he said , it lost $ 2 - 3 million less than expected .
The office initially depressed equity partner profits throughout the firm ; they fell from $ 620,000 in 2004 to $ 595,000 in 2005 .
Revenue also slipped .
Oxford said the firm endured a bad first quarter in 2005 , and jokingly attributed part of it to “ water cooler talk ” about Giuliani ’s pending move to Bracewell that distracted partners and decreased billings .
Those numbers rebounded last year , with profits per equity partner increasing 16 percent , to $ 689,000 , and revenue rising 17 percent , to $ 202 million .
Bracewell still trails far behind its bigger Houston competitors .
Vinson & Elkins grossed more than twice as much , $ 532 million , and reported profits per equity partner of $ 1.125 million ; Baker Botts collected $ 503 million in revenue , and had profits per partner of $ 1.094 milion .
Oxford said he did a “ tremendous amount of due diligence ” on Giuliani before inviting him into the firm .
The managing partner acknowledged that Giuliani once had a reputation as a “ hard charger , ” and years ago “ probably was perceived as being more ambitious . ”
But Giuliani is different now , said Oxford .
“ Rudy had been through a couple things .
He subsequently learned he had prostate cancer , and [ then came ] September 11 .
He ’s never shown any of the characteristics here that irritated people at the U.S. attorney ’s office and [ his former law firm ]
White & Case .
He ’s just a human being who has made mistakes and learned . ”
In the past , Giuliani ’s attempt to juggle a law firm partnership with a political campaign has created problems for his partners .
In 1989 he stepped down after six years as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York and prepared for his first ( and unsuccessful ) run for mayor of New York .
At the same time , Giuliani joined White & Case as a partner .
“ It did n’t work out , ” says James Hurlock , who was then managing partner of White & Case and is now retired .
Hurlock calls the hiring a mistake and says that Giuliani did n’t contribute enough , adding , “ He was busy running for public office . ”
Giuliani discusses his time at White & Case in Leadership , in a chapter called “ Surround Yourself with Great People . ”
He did n’t fit in at the firm , he writes , because it lacked that “ sense of adventure ” he craved .
In 1990 Giuliani joined Anderson Kill & Olick .
Giuliani reminisces fondly about that time in Leadership , and describes a series of interesting cases he handled .
But according to Wayne Barrett ’s book , Rudy !
An Investigative Biography of Rudy Giuliani , Giuliani spent the bulk of his time at Anderson Kill on his second run for mayor .
In 1992 he billed 177 hours , the lowest of any partner in the firm , according to Barrett .
In early 1993 Giuliani ’s name was placed on a list of partners who should be asked to leave , and he departed soon after .
Today all seems forgiven .
“ We were honored to have him be our colleague and wish him the best , ” says Jeffrey Glatzer , the firm ’s president and chief executive officer .
Asked about the problems Barrett cited , Glatzer responds , “ I do n’t have any real comment on that at all .
. . .
Whatever is in the public record is there . ”
Several lawyers who have known Giuliani for decades treat his tenure at Bracewell as a topic they dare not , or care not , to broach .
John Gross , a partner at Proskauer Rose , is treasurer for Giuliani ’s campaign .
He ’s known Giuliani since they were federal prosecutors together , and they were both partners at Anderson Kill .
Asked if Giuliani considered coming to Proskauer before choosing Bracewell , Gross scoffed : “ To do what ?
He ’s got two other businesses ! ”
Gross sounded uninterested in why his longtime friend joined the Texas firm : “ I have no idea whatsoever . ”
When queried on how Bracewell is doing in New York , he responded : “ I know nothing about it whatsoever , other than they have a nice reception area and a conference room .
I have n’t a clue . ”
Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher partner Randy Mastro , who was deputy mayor under Giuliani , says , “ I ’m helping him in any way he needs me . ”
But Mastro has not discussed Bracewell with him : “ I have not really talked to him about his business affairs or law practice . ”
As Giuliani continues his run for president , it ’s likely that most of the talk will likewise be focused elsewhere .
But , politics being politics , Giuliani is finding that his Bracewell connection is creating some awkwardness .
Earlier this year , however , Giuliani sounded completely unconcerned .
“ There ’s not a single negative in it , ” he said in February about his tenure at Bracewell .
“ If I do not win , I would like to stay here for the rest of my life . ”
Love will find a way .
E-mail : [ email protected ] Joins U.S. attorneys office in Manhattan after graduating from New York University Law SchoolMoves to U.S. Department of Justice as an associate deputy attorney generalBecomes a partner at Patterson BelknapReturns to Justice as associate attorney general , the number three postAppointed U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New YorkJoins White & Case as partnerLoses in first campaign for mayor of New YorkReturns to a private firm as a partner at Anderson Kill & OlickElected mayor of New York ( reelected in 1997 ) Ends term as mayor a few months after 9/11 ; starts consulting businessesJoins Bracewell & Patterson as a partner ; firm changes its name to Bracewell & Giuliani332165167$201.5 million $ 74 million $ 605,000 $ 690,000 $ 600,000 Almaty , Kazakhstan ; Astana , Kazakhstan ; Austin ; Hartford ; Dallas ; Houston ; London ; New York ; San Antonio ; Washington , D.C.
