オープンソースプログラミングにとって最大級のライバルであるMicrosoftが、オープンソースソフトウェアの最大級の支持者であるApache Software Foundation （ASF）に資金提供を開始した。
「 Microsoft はASFのスポンサーとなる。これにより、ASFが管理者やその他のサポートスタッフに報酬を支払うことが可能になり、つまりはASFの開発者が素晴らしいソフトウェアを構築することに注力できるようになる」と、Microsoftのプラットフォーム戦略シニアディレクターを務めるSam Ramji氏は語った。同氏は米国時間7月25日、Open Source Conventionでの講演の中でこの動きを発表し、同社のブログ「 Port 25 」でもApacheの支援について説明した。
Apacheは依然として、ウェブサーバソフトウェア市場のシェアでMicrosoftをリードしている。しかしASFは、単に先駆者として首位を保っているだけでなく、競合相手よりはるかに多くのプロジェクトも抱えている。
はたから見れば、これが契機となって、BGMが盛り上がる中、両雄が正面衝突して大破するシーンが予想されるかもしれない。だが、ここは冷静に考えてみよう。
第1に、Microsoftの一部の関係者たちは長年にわたり、オープンソースソフトウェアを奨励するさまざまな発言を行ってきた（その一方で、別の関係者たちが否定的な発言を繰り返してきたにせよ）。Microsoftはプログラミング界に対し、Linuxで可能になっているのと同じように、Windowsを自由に使わせる意志はまったく持っていないようだが、一部のオープンソースコミュニティにおいて友好的なかかわりを試みてきた。
The recent takeover of Anheuser - Busch by the Belgian company InBev has raised the usual set of fears about the alleged takeover of the American economy by foreigners .
Perhaps it is because Anheuser - Busch produces iconic American brands , but the public reaction to the takeover exhibits the voter biases identified by Bryan Caplan in his 2007 book The Myth of the Rational Voter : anti-market bias , anti-foreign bias , make - work bias , and pessimistic bias .
The transaction illustrates an important fact about private property rights in a market economy .
Voluntary trades are just that : they are voluntary , and the parties to the transaction are under no special obligation to seek the approval of the rest of us .
Anti-market bias and anti-foreign bias are reflected in comments about the alleged shame of a Belgian company buying a very large , very visible American company .
There are no legitimate ethical or economic reasons why we should care whether Anheuser - Busch is owned by Americans , Belgians , or , for that matter , Martians .
Moreover , both InBev and Anheuser - Busch are publicly traded corporations with stock owned by shareholders around the world ; in an increasingly global economy , the national origin of multinational corporations will diminish in importance .
The concern over how InBev ’s acquisition of Anheuser - Busch will affect employment , particularly employment in Saint Louis , reflects what Caplan identifies as “ make - work bias . ”
The point of economic activity , however , is not to provide employment but to produce goods and services .
As economists like Steven Landsburg and Bryan Caplan have pointed out , jobs are not the benefit of prosperity .
They are the cost of prosperity .
It may cost some workers their jobs in the short run , but InBev ’s acquisition better positions the new company to prosper in an increasingly competitive global marketplace .
Pessimistic bias manifests itself in the concern about the futures of those who may be thrown out of work by the transaction as well as how the acquisition allegedly serves as an example of American economic decline .
Some people will undoubtedly lose their jobs , and I certainly do not mean to diminish the hardships this will cause for them and their families .
At the same time , the resources that the new company saves will be available for re-employment elsewhere .
Society can therefore enjoy more goods and services .
Some scoff at the idea of sacrificing American jobs for cheaper beer , but in a world where billions of people have to meet their daily needs on less money than most Americans spend on a single meal , the savings from allowing companies the flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions can have an immeasurable impact on global poverty .
The InBev / Anheuser - Busch deal is unlikely to have a considerable impact by itself , but it reflects the essence of the process that spreads prosperity .
Those who fear the collapse of American sovereignty in response to the InBev / Anheuser - Busch merger sometimes rely on the imagery of war and conquest to describe what they portray as an American defeat .
The key difference between a corporate merger and military conquest , though , is important and clear .
There are no signals akin to prices , profits , and losses by which we can determine whether political “ transactions ” –wars , for example –create value .
This is not the case with economic transactions .
The $ 70 per share price offered by InBev suggests that the company feels they can better satisfy consumer wants by combining the companies and rearranging their inputs , so much so that they were willing to pay a premium for Anheuser - Busch stock .
In Bev ’s shareholders may very well be incorrect .
Only time will tell , and time ’s message will be crystal clear on the new company ’s balance sheets and income statements .
A market economy operates through the voluntary exchange of private property rights .
The transition will be difficult for some InBev and Anheuser - Busch stakeholders and these stakeholders can in turn create political difficulties for the new company .
Under well - defined and well - enforced private property rights , however , the affected constituencies do not have the right ( or the power ) to veto the merger .
Those who are adversely affected by the change should be helped during what could be a very difficult transition , but since economic changes in a market economy are determined by voluntary exchange of private property rights rather than the political process , firms and investors are able to make small , incremental changes that are part of the process by which wealth is created .
The conversation has also focused on how the merger will affect Anheuser - Busch ’s status as a corporate citizen in Saint Louis .
And indeed , the Anheuser - Busch presence is part of the character of the Saint Louis community .
Some of my fondest memories of my time in graduate school in Saint Louis involved the Budweiser Brewery Tour , Grant ’s Farm , and summer evenings at Busch Stadium .
The price of progress is all too real , but one of the important characteristics of the market economy is that people can make plans and trade without having to worry about whether others approve .
And that in itself is worth more than we can imagine .
Do n't watch the time
Help your brain shutdown
Perform regular bedtimes rituals
Keep your bedroom primarily a place for sleeping
Make sure your bed , pillows and sheet are soft and comfy
Minimize fluid intakes before you go to bed
Pull the curtains back
Avoid taking naps during the day
Always exercise
Stop smoking and minimize caffeine and alcoho
Keep a regular schedule
Keep a journal
Discipline is the key
I think every person experience the occasional bout of sleeplessness , then recover a few nights later .
Base on study one of ten people have chronic sleep problems .
Even if we can manage some sleep every night and do n't believe that there is some problem in the way we sleep .
Everyone upon getting out of bed in the morning , should feel recharge , refreshed and ready for the day .
But some of us right after we wake - up do not feel refreshed , but feel the opposite drowsy , sluggish and want to just lay in bed for more minutes .
If we feel this way every morning and we feel that this is our normal way of sleeping , i think this is not right , there 's a price to pay for not sleeping well ..
Here are 13 tips to have the sleepiest and effective way to have that good night sleep1 .
- This make even harder for you to fall asleep and adds to your anxiety about staying awake as each minutes passes .
2.- Visualize something relaxing or repetitive so your minds quiets down .
Imagine climbing down endless stairs , staring a flickering candle and the most common count jumping sheep .3.- at least try to have a warm bath or hot foot soak , and sip some tea , all this rituals send signals to your body that its ready for bedtime .
4.-
Avoid doing work in your bedroom , let your mind and body get used to the fact that your bedroom is a place for rest and privacy .
5.-
Invest of right bed accessories that gives comfort and gives support to your body from head to toe , high quality cotton sheets are the best for restful sleep .
6.-
This is really important for people who tend to wake up in the middle of the night because of a full bladder .
7.-
Waking up to sunlight will help regulates your body 's natural biological clock .
also keep your room as dark as possible when sleeping .
8.- at this may affect your body clock and make it harder to sleep at night .
If you feel that you need to nap , be sure to do it as early in the day as possible and to sleep briefly for 30 minutes or less .
9 . - A minimum of 25 to 30 minutes of exercise a day can help can help you sleep , avoid working out right before bedtime , as exercise stimulates the body and make it harder to doze off .
10.l - Aside from numerous health problems associated to smoking , the nicotine int cigarettes acts as a stimulants and can make you awake and can make sleeping difficult .
Avoid drinking caffeinated and alcoholic drinks for a minimum of four hours before you go to bed , although drinking alcohol can make you sleepy at first but in cause you to wake up in the middle of your sleep .
11 .- sleep when you are sleepy and wake up at a fixed time every now and then .
12 .- write all your concerns in a journal along with their possible solutions before heading off to bed can help prevent you from dwelling on them , jot them down and then forget about it .
13 .- you must have discipline for you to do all of this .
By Thierry Schellenbach
As you can see from the posts ( one , two ) I ’ve always been a big Symfony fan .
Symfony is really great , but my current favourite is clearly Django .
I had to dive deep into python to use it , but it was well worth the effort .
Choosing Django :
Django has a few killer features which make it a better choice for many projects .
High Level Fields
As a starter there ’s the usage of high level fields when describing your data model .
This is best clarified by an example of a model definition in django :
class Author ( models .
Model ) : ip = models .
IPAddressField ( ) email = models .
EmailField ( ) company = models .
ForeignKey( Company ) picture = models .
ImageField(upload_to='images/profile_pics ' , blank=True ) homepage = models.URLField(verify_exists=True , blank=True )
Fields are specified by their purpose , such as Email , Url and Image .
From this definition all subsequent logic such as form validation and file uploads are handled .
The homepage field ’s validation will even ping the url to see if it exists .
Read more : Creating Models ( django project )
Form Handling
Starting with the knowledge that you have an email field you will often want a nice text input in your form with a regex to check if the email is valid .
Django has all these standard use cases worked out for you .
The following example clarifies this by using Django ’s ModelForm .
A model form is basically a normal Form class , with the fields pre-populated as one would expect it based on the given model .
# Form specification class AuthorForm ( ModelForm ) : class Meta : model = models .
User fields = ( ' ip ' , 'email ' , ' picture ' , 'homepage ' , ' company ' )
# Using the form in the view ( controller in Symfony terminology ) form = AuthorForm ( request .
POST , instance=author_instance ) if request .
method == ' POST ' : if form.is_valid( ) : form.save ( ) return HttpResponseRedirect(request.path )
# In the template ( view in Symfony terminology ) : {{ uform.first_name }} {{ uform.first_name.errors }} {{ uform.first_name.label_tag
}}
Django will display a file field for the image field , a text field for the url ( with validation ) , a text input for the email field and a select box for the foreign key relation .
Saving the result of the form to the database is as simple as calling save on the instance of the form .
Writing custom widgets and field types is straightforward .
Currently many localized fields such as a Dutch postal code Field and widgets are available .
Symfony has been trying to emulate the Django newforms library .
Unfortunately the syntax does n’t seem very friendly .
( Pity php does n’t have metaclasses )
Read more : Forms ( Django book )
Superb ORM
Probably the largest difference is caused by the ORM .
In PHP both Propel and Doctrine are nice projects , but simply quite inadequate .
The Django ORM is syntax heaven if you are coming from php .
A small example :
# Find the first 5 authors which have a relation to a company # with the name YouTellMe ( exact match ) and site url that contains youtellme.nl Author.objects.filter(company__name = ' You TellMe ' , company__site__icontains = ' youtellme.nl ' ) [ :
5 ]
The possibilities of the standard Django ORM system are quite good .
Your queries will be optimized into joins if you call select_related , many to many relations are supported and polymorphic keys are as well .
The only part it fails at is query optimization in terms of column based lazy loading and support for complex relations .
Fortunately you can fall back to using SQL alchemy , which is Python ’s most prestigious ORM layer .
SQL alchemy allows you exact query control for performance tuning and many more options you did not know you needed .
However it is n’t ( yet , i hope ) fully integrated into Django .
It would really be great to see a tighter integration with SQL alchemy , but even the Django ORM strongly outperforms Doctrine and Propel .
Read more : DB api .
Python
You could see this both as an advantage or disadvantage .
Discussing the differences between Python and PHP is probably best left for a later post .
Suffice to say that I found my programming productivity to be substantially higher with Python compared to PHP .
The disadvantage is a smaller number of available scripts , developers and hosts .
If you are in a position in which you can choose , you really should give python a go .
There must be a reason why YouTube and Google do ;)
Read more : Python in 10 Minutes
Speed
When arguing with my colleague about the choice of framework we conducted a speed test between Django and Symfony using Apache bench .
At the time I was arguing in favor of Symfony .
We compared a lightweight PHP framework , with Symfony and Django .
Symfony was stripped down for performance and was only about 30 % heavier compared to the lightweight framework .
When comparing it to Django however , the results showed that Symfony was only able to handle half the load Django could .
Using Python and Django seems to have a substantial effect on your server hardware requirements .
( Note that these tests were only intended as an indication for internal usage .
We did n’t test enough scenarios to be certain how the outcome would hold up on a live site . )
Symfony Still Rocks
When working with PHP Symfony is still an awesome framework .
In many aspects it is even superior to Django .
There are quite a few things Django could learn from Symfony :
Generic validation Classes and support for automatic js form validation
When using Symfony your javascript form validation is automatically generated .
This is possible because of the usage of generic validation classes .
In Django this would be hard to achieve since the validation system is not based on reusable classes .
A debug toolbar
One Symfony feature which I really miss in Django is the debug toolbar .
Having an overview of your DB Queries , config settings , logging messages and caching information is very convenient .
Especially for debugging a site with caching the caching indicators in Symfony are awesome .
These caching indicators simply show which part of the page are taken from cache and which are freshly generated .
DRY templates
Symfony has a simple but very pleasant template tag called a component .
A component tag calls a specified view and renders the corresponding template .
The typical use case for this tag is sidebar with news items .
You will want to show this sidebar on many pages , but you would n’t want to have to call that code inside each and every view which needs the sidebar .
Doing so would clutter your view and hinder template caching .
A nicer approach is to use a component template tag which calls the view responsible for retrieving the news from the database and rendering the sidebar template .
This way of allowing the template to invoke code allows for DRY views and templates .
Clear Javascript and CSS management
In Django including a javascript or css file comes down to writing the respective tags in the template .
In Symfony these things are n’t left to the template , but are set by the code .
This allows for a few neat features .
For instance the usage of an ajax utilizing template tag ( helper in Symfony ) will automatically ensure that prototype.js is loaded on that page .
If you would set a textarea to rich , Symfony will automatically figure out you need TinyMCE to achieve the desired effect .
Furthermore it allows for a general config file where you specify which assets should be loaded for a certain combination of application and view ( in Django terminology ) .
The main benefit of such an approach comes when you combine your css and javascript files and want to optimize the groupings .
Here an example of the Symfony config :
//
In the view.yml - comparable to settings .py indexSuccess : stylesheets : [ mystyle1 , mystyle2 ] javascripts : [ myscript ] [ php ] //
In the Action - Controller in Django terminology $ this ->getResponse ( ) ->addStylesheet(' mystyle1 ' ) ; $ this ->getResponse ( ) ->addStylesheet('mystyle2 ' ) ; $ this ->getResponse ( )->addJavascript(' myscript ' ) ; //
In the Template - The view in Django
Both are great , but Django more so
Having used both Django and Symfony I believe the two frameworks can learn a great deal from each other .
Fortunately many people seem to experiment with a wide variety of frameworks ( Including at least one delicious developer , version 3 of delicious maybe ? ;) ) .
Django in general has some excellent features , which make it a better choice for web development .
If you are somehow bound to PHP , Symfony is still a good choice .
The Django community is buzzing and active like no other and I look forward to posting on the various features .
If you did n’t try it yet :
django-project.com
djangobook.com
Note : Looking to hire Python and Javascript Coders
YouTellMe.nl is currently looking to hire Python and Javascript programmers in The Netherlands .
Drop me an email at thierry [ at ] youtellme.com if you would like to know more or want to suggest someone for the job openings .
In March , I participated in the KDE booth for the Chemnitz Linux Days ( Chemnitz is a town in West Saxony , Germany ) .
At the booth , the idea of a jigsaw puzzle game for KDE came up .
Most jigsaw puzzle games currently available have some items nicely aligned at one side which can be dragged to a number of drop points at the other side .
That is a very simple example for the drag - and - drop metaphor , but not very realistic .
In reality , you have a box of puzzle pieces which you dump on the ground , then arrange them to a big picture .
I thought that with Qt's Graphics View framework , this should be easy to implement .
A friend of mine , Felix Lemke , offered to help me on this project .
In the last months , we made Palapeli : Currently , Palapeli offers a puzzle table where the pieces can be freely moved around .
Pieces will snap together when brought together closely .
For better overview , there is a minimap and an image preview available .
In the last weeks ( as mentioned in one of the last Digests ) , I have been working on game management in Palapeli .
This includes internal reference structures and ( more interesting for the users ) loading and saving of games .
This is normally done in an internal storage , the interface is thus very simple .
In the savegame management view , you can import and export games from the local storage into some kind of archive file which you can send over to your friends .
With Palapeli , your need to send a holiday card as a jigsaw puzzle is finally fulfilled .
That sounds wonderful , so what needs to be done ?
Currently , all puzzle pieces are rectangular .
Infrastructure for multiple pattern types is in place , so it should be easy to add traditional pieces ( with such holes and plugs at the sides ) or hexagonal pieces , or whatever .
Also , to make Palapeli feel yet more natural , we are planning to implement rotatable pieces ( Felix has confirmed to do this over the next few months ) .
" Get Hot New Stuff " support would also be nice to have .
I'm looking forward to your suggestions and feature requests to make Palapeli the best jigsaw puzzle game !
The Chinese buy much of the world 's elephant ivory The UN has given China the green light to bid in a one - off sale of ivory .
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) voted in favour of China 's request during a meeting being held in Geneva .
China joins Japan as approved buyers of government - owned ivory from South Africa , Botswana , Namibia and Zimbabwe .
In 2007 , Cites authorised the four nations to sell off stockpiles of legally held elephant ivory .
In order to gain approval , China had to present evidence to members of the Cites standing committee that it had put in place measures to tackle any illegal domestic sales of ivory .
" China has acted rather successfully against its own illegal domestic ivory market , " said Tom Milliken , a director for Traffic , the wildlife trade monitoring network .
" Now China should help other countries to do the same , especially in central Africa where elephant poaching is rampant . "
But Robbie Marsland , UK director for the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) , condemned the decision , saying it could prove disastrous for the world 's elephant populations .
" We are deeply disappointed that Cites has backed China as an ivory buyer , a decision that plays Russian roulette with wild elephants .
" Allowing new ivory to be imported into China will stimulate demand and create a smokescreen for illegal ivory to be laundered into the legal market , to be sold in stores or online to Chinese citizens or foreigners . "
However , Mr Milliken said Cites monitoring systems would track whether the sale would lead to an increase in illegal ivory .
" Following the last one - off ivory sale under CITES in 1999 , it is encouraging to note that the illicit trade in ivory progressively declined over the next five years , " he explained .
" We hope a similar result is achieved this time . "
Under an agreement reached in 2007 , Cites gave permission for the four nations to make a single sale of all government - owned stocks of ivory that have been registered by January of that year .
South Africa declared the largest amount , making 51 tonnes available , while Botswana 's stockpile was almost 44 tonnes .
The other two countries declared much smaller amounts ; Namibia total was just under 10 tonnes , and Zimbabwe stockpile was almost four tonnes .
In March and April , the Cites secretariat conducted audits in each of the four nations to ensure the ivory had been properly registered and had been obtained legally .
The 2007 agreement also stipulated that once the one - off sale had been completed , no further sales from these countries would be considered during a " resting period " of nine years that would begin as soon as the new sales had been completed .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
" Wait , wait , wait ... is this making fun of fundamentalist christians or scientists ?... or both ?... or neither ? "
Back when Goldman oil bull Arjun Murti said oil was going to $ 150 , a slew of bloviators called him reckless , irresponsible , and , gasp , wrong .
Oil hit $ 147 in mid-July and while that may not quite be $ 150 , it 's close enough .
So now that oil is hovering around $ 115 / barrel amid fears of global economic collapse , is the bank ready to trim its forecast ?
Nope .
Goldman is n't worried about a strengthening greenback either : they 're focused on fundamentals .
They expect declining trend oil supply growth and emerging market demand to continue to drive rising oil prices .
Period :
Although the recent correlation in dollar and oil prices is clear , it is important to emphasise that each of these assets are driven by multiple , varying factors ...
Put differently , there is more to oil than the U.S. dollar and vice versa .
[ There is ] very little correlation between oil prices and the U.S. dollar over the longer term .
Goldman reiterates their year end oil price forecast of $ 149
See Also :
Goldman Oil Bull Speaks : Yes , Oil Still Going to $ 150 - $ 200 A Barrel , Gas to $ 4-$6
Goldman Oil Bull : I 'm Not A Crackpot
Goldman Oil Bull a Nutcase : Here 's Why Crash Coming Soon
There was an interesting presentation at OSCON 2008 by Evan Henshaw - Plath and Kellan Elliott - McCrea entitled Beyond REST ?
Building Data Services with XMPP PubSub .
The presentation is embedded below .
The core argument behind the presentation can be summarized by this tweet from Tim O'Reilly
On monday friendfeed polled flickr nearly 3 million times for 45000 users , only 6 K of whom were logged in .
Architectural mismatch .
#oscon08
On July 21st , FriendFeed had 45,000 users who had associated their Flickr profiles with their FriendFeed account .
FriendFeed polls
Flickr about once every 20 – 30 minutes to see if the user has uploaded new pictures .
However only about 6,000 of those users logged into Flickr that day , let alone uploaded pictures .
Thus there were literally millions of HTTP requests made by FriendFeed that were totally unnecessary .
Evan and Kellan 's talk suggests that instead of Flickr getting almost 3 million requests from FriendFeed , it would be a more efficient model for FriendFeed to tell Flickr which users they are interested in and then listen for updates from Flickr when they upload photos .
They are right .
The interaction between Flickr and FriendFeed should actually be a publish - subscribe relationship instead of a polling relationship .
Polling is a good idea for RSS / Atom for a few reasons
there are a thousands to hundreds of thousands clients that might be interested in a resource so the server keeping track of subscriptions is prohibitively expensive
a lot of these end points are n't persistently connected ( i.e. your desktop RSS reader is n't always running )
RSS / Atom publishing is as simple as plopping a file in the right directory and letting IIS or Apache work its magic
The situation between FriendFeed and Flickr is almost the exact opposite .
Instead of thousands of clients interested in document , we have one subscriber interested in thousands of documents .
Both end points are always on or are at least expected to be .
The cost of developing a publish - subscribe model is one that both sides can afford .
Thus this is n't a case of REST not scaling as implied by Evan and Kellan 's talk .
This is a case of using the wrong tool to solve your problem because it happens to work well in a different scenario .
The above talk suggests using XMPP which is an instant messaging protocol as the publish - subscribe mechanism .
In response to the talk , Joshua Schachter ( founder of del.icio.us ) suggested a less heavyweight publish - subscribe mechanism using a custom API in his post entitled beyond REST .
My suggestion for people who believe they have this problem would be to look at using some subset of XMPP and experimenting with off - the - shelf tools before rolling your own solution .
Of course , this is an approach that totally depends on network effects .
Today everyone has RSS / Atom feeds while very few services use XMPP .
There is n't much point in investing in publishing as XMPP if your key subscribers can't consume it and vice versa .
It will be interesting to see if the popular " Web 2.0 " companies can lead the way in using XMPP for publish - subscribe of activity streams from social networks in the same way they kicked off our love affair with RESTful Web APIs .
It should be noted that there are already some " Web 2.0 " companies using XMPP as a way to provide a stream of updates to subscribing services to prevent the overload that comes from polling .
For example , Twitter has confirmed that it provides an XMPP stream to FriendFeed , Summize , Zappos , Twittervision and Gnip .
However they simply dump out every update that occurs on Twitter to these services instead of having these services subscribe to updates for specific users .
This approach is quite inefficient and brings it 's own set of scaling issues .
The interesting question is why people are just bringing this up ?
Should n't people have already been complaining about Web - based feed readers like Google Reader and Bloglines for causing the same kinds of problems ?
I can only imagine how many millions of times a day Google Reader must fetch content from TypePad and Wordpress.com but I have n't seen explicit complaints about this issue from folks like Anil Dash or Matt Mullenweg .
Now Playing : The Pussycat Dolls - When I Grow Up
TRADE WINDS
METS BUZZ
Contrary to the denials that made the rounds Monday , officials from both teams say the Mets have contacted the Red Sox about Manny Ramirez and are interested in pursuing a deal for him if Boston decides to make him available .
The Red Sox suspect that GM Omar Minaya wants Ramirez more than Mets ownership does .
Regardless , the Mets are reluctant to part with top - prospect talent in exchange for outfielders like Adam Dunn , Raul Ibanez and Randy Winn , but they ( rightly ) consider Ramirez a far superior hitter to those in that group , and they would discuss players in a Ramirez deal that they would not discuss in others .
What remains to be seen is whether a Ramirez deal is too complicated to come together in time for the deadline .
In the meantime , a National League team official familiar with the Mets ' plans said they were talking about deals that would " overhaul " their bullpen .
They have discussed trades that would send pitchers such as Aaron Heilman and Scott Schoeneweis out of town even as they bring in bullpen arms from other organizations to replace them .
Names that have come up in their pursuit range from the top end of the available relief spectrum ( Huston Street , Brian Fuentes ) to the middle ( Arthur Rhodes , Jack Taschner ) to the relatively obscure ( Scott Downs ) .
The thought is that Schoeneweis and Heilman have pitched well lately and are at peak value and the team may need a fresh arm or two for its setup corps if Duaner Sanchez 's recent troubles indicate a fatigue - induced decline that could hurt the Mets in the pennant race .
If they knew they had replacements coming , they could deal some of their relievers for prospects that could help restock their minor leagues .
PLAYER OF THE DAY
MARK TEIXEIRA , Atlanta 1B
Looking way up at three other teams in the National League East and trailing by double digits in the wild - card race , the Braves have decided it 's time to move on , and they were in discussions with several teams yesterday about Teixeira , the switch - hitting first baseman they acquired from Texas just a year ago in the hopes of making the playoffs in 2007 and 2008 .
The Arizona Diamondbacks , L.A. Angels and Boston Red Sox are three of the possible landing spots for Teixeira -- Boston especially if they 're serious about and successful in trading Manny Ramirez .
But Atlanta is unlikely to get as much in return for Teixeira as it gave up to get him a year ago , since the slugger is eligible for free agency at the end of this season and his stated determination to hit the open market means any team that acquires him can only be assured of having him for two months .
Key stat :
The Braves were 56 - 51 when they acquired Teixeira at last year 's deadline .
Since then , they are 77 - 83 .
AROUND THE HORN
The Kansas City Royals could be quiet at the deadline , in spite of interest they 've received in some of their pitchers ( Zack Greinke , Brian Bannister ) .
One pitcher they would move is lefty reliever Ron Mahay , but the market for left - handed relief pitching is so flooded that it 's tough to know when and if all of the available guys will go .
The Dodgers continue to look everywhere for a shortstop , and tons of names have come up in connection with their search .
They do n't seem likely to land the Pirates ' Jack Wilson , but they 're scouring other organizations for options , having touched base with Toronto about John McDonald , the Yankees about Alberto Gonzales , the Twins about Adam Everett and even the Rangers about Michael Young , though it 's unclear whether or why Young would be available .
Guess it never hurts to ask .
Say " steam power " and you conjure up images of Stevenson 's rocket , Isambard Kingdom Brunel and the heyday of the Victorian railways – romantic , but hardly the stuff of a clean , cutting - edge technology .
But steam could be about to make a comeback thanks to a company that is trying to make the internal combustion engine more efficient .
Clean Power Technologies , in Newhaven on the English south coast , is developing steam hybrid engines that claw back some of the immense amount of energy wasted by the internal combustion engine .
Ultimately they aim to develop a car engine that runs partly on steam power .
" When you talk of steam people think you are going backwards , " said Abdul Mitha , the company 's CEO and president , " Anywhere where you are wasting a lot of heat , we can go in , capture the heat and turn it into energy savings ...
Steam has tremendous power .
If it can drive a steam locomotive , why can't it drive an automotive engine ? "
Mitha 's company aims to target the wasted heat that is currently pumped out of the exhaust and convert it into useful power .
Of the energy in your petrol tank , just 27 % is converted into forward motion , 33 % is spent cooling the engine , 4 % is lost as friction and a whopping 36 % is lost as exhaust heat .
" There is a lot of heat that is created and totally wasted , " said Mitha .
Clean Power Technologies aims to recover 40 % of this exhaust heat .
Dr Ralph Clague , a mechanical engineer at Imperial College London , thinks the strategy is a good one : " Recycling exhaust heat and energy that is rejected from the engine has got to be the way forward in the future . "
He said there has been little incentive to improve the efficiency of the internal combustion engine in the past .
" A tank of petrol or a tank of diesel is such an incredibly good energy store that we have been able to afford to throw some of it away up until now . "
Clean Power Technologies has developed an experimental set up in which engine exhaust at 750C – typical for a lorry – is run through a steam accumulator .
This closed vessel allows water to be heated to 360C or hotter , creating high pressure steam that can then be used to provide useful power .
Ultimately , the aim is to pipe the steam back into the main engine and use it to drive some of the pistons , but the first step for the company is using it to run the refrigeration units on trucks that transport frozen goods .
They are currently building a demonstration truck that will be finished by the end of October .
They have links with Safeway supermarkets in the US and a haulage firm East - West Express Transportation in Calgary who are interested in fitting the technology to their vehicles .
Currently each Safeway truck uses $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 ( £ 5,400 to £ 8,000 ) worth of diesel per year to power the separate refrigeration unit .
Once the truck refrigeration units are up and running the company will concentrate on marine applications , such as providing power for air conditioning and electrics for boats .
By the end of 2011 they aim to have created a steam hybrid car .
" Any technology that can be gradually introduced like that is a very sensible idea .
So I think they are doing exactly the right thing , " said Clague .
He said that although similar ideas have floated around the engineering community for years , Clean Power Technologies appears to be furthest ahead in making them a commercial reality .
" It 's a perfectly feasible idea , certainly .
It adds complexity to the engine and therefore cost and I think that 's why we have n't seen it before , " he said , " Obviously now with rising oil prices etc it becomes essential to extract more energy from the fuel you are putting in . "
It 's not likely the pressure of the Olympics will get to Lopez Lomong .
He has , after all , visited his own grave .
Seventeen years ago , when Lomong was 6 , Sudanese rebels snatched him from a church .
His parents presumed their second son was dead until they were reunited in December .
Then , together , they visited the Catholic cemetery in their village of Kimotong .
" They 'd made a funeral for me , " Lomong said .
" They had this pile of stones and things like that .
They 'd buried some of my childhood stuff .
Symbols .
A necklace .
Other things from me . "
Happily , they disassembled the pile and dug up the artefacts .
Now , the 23 - year - old runner will compete for the United States in the 1,500 - meter run in Beijing .
That might be an intimidating scenario for someone else .
But no matter how that race transpires , it will never match the twists and turns of Lomong 's life .
" This right here is a dream , " he said earlier this month of his experience at the US Olympic trials .
Lomong finished third in the 1,500 final at the trials in Oregon , which took place exactly one year after Lomong became an American citizen .
Now he 's going for an Olympic gold medal that would allow him to repay all of those who made his story so different from those of millions of other Sudanese children .
" I 'm just like any American now , with my rights , " he said .
" I can compete for the country I want to compete for .
Now , I 'm not like one of the lost boys ( the Sudanese youngsters who were displaced and often orphaned ) .
I 'm an American . "
Lomong was in church praying that morning in 1991 when the soldiers rushed in and his nightmare began .
" They wanted all the kids to go out with them , " he recalled .
" They grabbed me from my family .
They put us in a truck , about 50 of us , and we just drove .
We did n't know where we were going . "
They were going to the soldiers ' camp where in time the youngsters , like so many other " lost boys of Sudan , " would be transformed into the child soldiers who were so prevalent in Sudan 's brutal civil war .
Lomong was luckier than most .
Three older boys befriended him .
Less than a month after his arrival , they escaped .
" We cut a hole in the fence , and we kept running and running , " Lomong said .
" We did n't know where we were going , but my friends kept telling me I was going to see my mom .
I was excited .
They were only 14 or 15 years old , but they carried me on their backs . "
Soon they were stopped by police .
They 'd inadvertently wandered into northwest Kenya .
The police deposited the boys in a refugee camp , where Lomong would spend the next 10 years .
There was only one guaranteed meal a day there , United Nations - supplied corn .
But occasionally there were opportunities to earn money .
In 2000 , after helping to " move some dirt , " Lomong was paid 5 shillings .
Instead of spending it on food , he felt compelled to save it .
The decision turned his life around .
" People at the camp told me they were going to see the Olympics " on television , he said .
" I did n't even know what that was .
I had to walk five miles and pay 5 shillings to watch on a black - and - white television . "
He saw Michael Johnson win the 400 meters at Sydney .
" He ran so fast , " Lomong said .
" I said that 's what I want to do . "
When Lomong was 16 , a Catholic Charities official came to the refugee camp and said there were opportunities for 3,500 of the Lost Boys there to come to the United States .
" The US was next to heaven , " Lomong said .
He wrote the story of his life and sent it to the American embassy in Kenya .
The officials were moved .
They interviewed the teenager , and soon Lomong was placed with an American family in the central New York town of Otisco Lake .
He went to Tully High School and developed into a cross-country and track star .
" In my country , soccer players are athletes , " he said .
" But runners ?
Everybody runs .
You want to go to a neighbour 's house , you run .
You want to go to school , you run . "
He ran 25 miles a week then .
By the time he got to Northern Arizona University , the first person in his family ever to attend college , he was running as many as 80 a week .
After a slow start at the school in high - altitude Flagstaff , Lomong found his legs .
In 2007 , a month before he became a citizen , he won the 1,500 meters at the NCAA championships .
Around that time , his birth parents were located .
His mother was living in Nairobi , and his father was in Sudan , where the political situation had calmed enough to allow him to resume farming .
Television network HBO arranged a reunion , which was featured this year on its monthly sports anthology , Real Sports .
" A lot of people here do n't know what was going on in Sudan , " he said .
" All I worry about is the kids who are dying , especially in Darfur .
They do n't have the dream that they could be athletes or Olympians or doctors ...
They 're just trying to stay alive . "
As he spoke with reporters in a Hilton hotel ballroom during the trials , his diamond earrings twinkled in the camera lights .
How much did those set him back ?
" Much more than 5 shillings , " he said .
Two reports released this week are throwing the spotlight on Palestinians who are detained without charge and tortured by the Hamas and Fatah forces .
Al - Haq , a Palestinian human rights group , has detailed how more than 1,000 have been arrested in the last year , with " an estimated 20 % - 30 % of the detainees " having suffered torture " including severe beatings and being tied up in painful positions " .
Human Rights
Watch is today releasing a similarly - focused report which concludes that " the use of torture is dramatically up " .
Al - Haq accuses both Hamas 's Executive Force , and the Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) 's Preventive Security Force of widespread maltreatment of detainees .
A report like al - Haq 's must be welcomed for its attention to detail and courage in documenting unjustifiable abuses of power – all the more so since these kinds of findings can easily be manipulated or ignored for political reasons .
This catalogue of human rights abuses will no doubt be eagerly seized upon by Israel apologists – as has happened in the past – by exactly what it proves is unclear : that Israel does n't have a monopoly on the use of arbitrary detention and torture ?
As it happens , a week ago an al - Haq fieldworker was detained by Israeli forces at the Huwara checkpoint .
The organisation 's report describes how one of the soldiers claimed the man 's arrest was connected to " the nature of his work as someone monitoring and documenting the actions of the Israeli military " .
Al - Haq notes that this is part of a wider trend of " arbitrary arrests and detention of human rights defenders in the OPT , as well as those monitoring or documenting Israeli human rights violations in any way " ( including the father of the girl who filmed the shooting of a blindfolded prisoner ) .
However , reporting abuses by Hamas and Fatah can also make some western pro-Palestinian groups feel uncomfortable .
Al - Haq 's findings and recommendations could well be sidelined , or merely noted in passing , out of fear of providing ammunition to Israel 's propagandists , or perhaps out of a misplaced sense of prioritising the publicising of the occupation 's injustices .
Neither can the PA 's western donors say much by way of serious reprimand – and not just because detention and torture in the Middle East is a bit too close to the bone .
The international community did nothing when Arafat 's men were arresting hundreds of Islamic movement activists and clerics in the mid-1990s .
This crackdown , often accompanied by human rights abuses and torture , was directly linked to the anti-Fatah violence that accompanied the Hamas military seizure of control in Gaza in 2007 :
" For Hamas members , the gutted prison bloc in the back of the Gaza City headquarters of the Palestinian Authority 's Preventive Security Service was their Abu Ghraib .
It was here that the seeds of the rivalry with Fatah were planted a decade ago . "
Moreover , after Hamas 's success at the ballot box in 2006 , the US began intense planning and cooperation with elements of Fatah to prepare for a military confrontation , so much so , that in the aftermath of the fighting in June 2007 , " many Western officials and analysts " considered Hamas 's offensive as a " pre-emptive strike " .
Israel is also complicit in the PA 's campaign of fear .
Over the past few weeks , Nablus has been the focus of IDF raids targeting everything from charities and mosques to schools and a TV station , as well as sweeps by the PA .
The fact that arrests by Israeli occupation forces and Abbas ' police are occuring in tandem , unsurprisingly leads some to see " Fatah 's relationship with the Israelis as one of collusion more than competition " .
Independent MP Mustafa Barghouti concludes that Israel is " trying to turn the PA into a security sub-agent like the Vichy government ( in occupied France ) . "
Human rights abuses by Palestinian security forces are nothing new ( as this recent report by the Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group makes clear ) – though now it 's Hamas personnel responsible , as well as the PNA .
As it happens , seriously tackling these abuses would also make a vital contribution to the Palestinian struggle .
But this is not an issue for political point scoring ; it is a question of basic dignities and justice .
Fighting against torture and detention without charge cannot come second to any other agenda .
30 % of those you call to say thank you for coming to our event will book a party !
Learn how to make a habit of tapping into thank you phone calls for bookings !
Pensito Review
Jon Ponder — Jul. 11 , 2008
When the Democrats regained control of the House in 2006 , the new Speaker , Nancy Pelosi , famously took the impeachment of George Bush “ off the table . ”
This puzzled and disappointed millions of people who rightly wondered why a president could be impeached over a sex lie in 1999 but not over a lie just four years later that sent hundreds of thousands of innocent people to their deaths in Iraq while draining the U.S. Treasury of billions upon billions of dollars .
True , the fact that Bush ’s lies cost the lives of 4,116 lives of US service men and women , injuries to over 30,000 of our troops , the deaths of over 1 million innocent Iraqi civilians , the destruction of Iraq , and a long term cost over $ 3 trillion may not rise to the level of a sex lie about a blowjob , but they still deserve at least a hearing .
In parliamentary proceedings , however , any item that can be taken off the table can be put back on it , if conditions change and the leadership wills it so .
Yesterday , Speaker Pelosi signaled that an Article of Impeachment charging Bush with lying to Congress about his pretexts for invading Iraq might at least get a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee .
There ’s no way to know what changes in conditions , if any , may have prompted her to rethink impeachment , but it may have something to do with a new Rasmussen poll released on Tuesday that found approval of Congress at 9 percent , which is essentially a statistical zero .
Pundits have long speculated that Pelosi , Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and the other leaders have been averse to impeaching Bush because the impeachment of Pres.
Bill Clinton put the Republican - controlled Congress in such bad odor with the public .
Let ’s assume that Pelosi and company are not so blind that they ca n’t see the difference in severity of Clinton ’s misdemeanor and Bush ’s high crimes — or that they ’re such bad politicians that they ca n’t judge the difference in the voters ’ view of Clinton , whose approval rating remained in the mid-60s throughout the ordeal , and its disregard for Bush , whose approval is in the low 30s .
Nor can they be unaware of the corollary fact that disapproval of Bush ’s misadventure in Iraq is in the upper 60s .
But the bottom line for Pelosi is , with approval of Congress at statistical zero , what has she got to lose ?
A good politician in that kind of trouble should not be averse to throwing some red meat out to the base .
Who can say if that ’s what is happening but yesterday , the right - leaning Politico.com reported that Pelosi herself said that there might be hearings on impeachment :
“ This is a Judiciary Committee matter , and I believe we will see some attention being paid to it by the Judiciary Committee , ”  Pelosi told reporters .
“ Not necessarily taking up the articles of impeachment because that would have to be approved on the floor , but to have some hearings on the subject . ” 
Pelosi added : “ My expectation is that there will be some review of that in the committee . ” 
Late yesterday , Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio introduced a single Article of Impeachment before the House that charged Bush with the high crime of “ deceiving Congress with fabricated threats of Iraq WMDs to fraudulently obtain support for an authorization of the use of military force against Iraq . ” 
The Article closes by stating that Bush “ invaded Iraq and occupies it to this day , at the cost of 4,116 lives of US service men and women , injuries to over 30,000 of our troops , the deaths of over 1 million innocent Iraqi civilians , the destruction of Iraq , and a long term cost over $ 3 trillion . ” 
True , this does not rise to the level of a sex lie about a blowjob , but it at least deserves a hearing .
( Original Article )
DIGG THIS
Switzerland has not been in a foreign war of any kind since 1815 .
This would be astounding , even miraculous , for any nation .
But Switzerland borders Germany .
And France .
And Italy .
And Austria .
And Liechtenstein .
Now Liechtenstein has rarely lashed out in Blitzkrieg in a desperate bid to reign ber alles , but ALL of Switzerland ’s other neighbors have spent their entire histories invading other countries .
In addition to the encircling foreign marauders , Switzerland itself is composed of four different ethnic groups ( German , French , Italian , Romansh ) that get along as well as , e.g. , Germans and French .
They do n’t even speak the same language .
Yet the Swiss peace prevails through the centuries .
The Kaiser did n’t attack the Swiss .
Hitler did n’t attack the Swiss ( though he thought about it a lot ) .
Stalin started to pursue some refugees into Liechtenstein at the end of WWII , but retreated rather than face the Swiss - Liechtenstein alliance .
Terrorists do n’t attack the Swiss .
Nobody attacks the Swiss .
Not even the Swiss attack the Swiss ; their crime rate is minuscule .
The features of the Swiss system for keeping the peace are simple .
They have a president with no power to declare war ( of course ours ca n’t either , but no one has told HIM ) .
They have a very small professional army , even small per capita .
And they have very strict gun control .
By which they mean that every Swiss male must have a gun , except for those who also have to carry a missile launcher or a mortar .
Swiss women are not subject to compulsory military service , but many of them frequent the rifle ranges anyway .
In the event of any attack on Switzerland , the whole Swiss population becomes the army .
As an additional deterrent against megalomania , the Swiss have rigged the tunnel vaults of their banks for demolition .
Any dictator attacking Switzerland will find the gold in his numbered bank account buried in rubble hundreds of meters under mountains swarming with snipers and missile launchers .
It is known that Hitler had a numbered account … maybe that was in the back of his mind when he chickened out .
Switzerland has also provided for defense of the lives of its civilian population against nuclear terrorism .
Realizing during the Cold War that nuclear weapons in the hands of power - mad politicians posed a potential public health threat , the Swiss started a nationwide shelter - building program in 1960 .
By 1991 , there were enough shelter spaces in Switzerland to protect everyone in their home or apartment , and also at their workplaces and schools .
A Swiss citizen is never more than a few minutes from a fallout shelter with an air filter .
The entire Swiss shelter program was accomplished for somewhere on the order of 35 dollars ( 1990 dollars ) per year per capita .
The US spends vastly more every year to support a military capable only of intervening in Third World nations that do not have WMDs .
The huge US war machine could not even intercept civilian airliners on 9 - 11 , let alone credibly stop nuclear - tipped cruise and ballistic missiles from a major power .
Nor are there bunkers with filtered air supplies under our glass cities or particle - board suburbs .
The only civil defense in the US is for the President and the backup supply of bureaucrats under Iron Mountain .
Everyone else is nuclear fodder , except for those provident few ( such as the Mormons ) who build their own shelters to protect their families .
Switzerland does not send troops to intervene in other nations .
Switzerland does not spend tens of billions of dollars yearly to fund dictators around the world , nor did Switzerland donate hundreds of billions of dollars to the Warsaw Pact through bank “ loans . ”
Switzerland does not send billions of dollars worth of weaponry every year to the warring tribes in the Middle East .
Switzerland has no enemies .
Yet the Swiss are armed to the teeth and dug into every hill and under every building .
The US intervenes everywhere , spies on everyone , supports every faction in every fight .
We have as many enemies as there are hate - filled people in the world .
We have a vastly expensive conventional army ( though the best units are marching back and forth in Middle Eastern deserts , Afghanistan , Korea , and other " strategic " places ) .
We have vast numbers of offensive nuclear weapons for murdering the civilian populations of cities ( but against whom will we retaliate in the event of an anonymous nuclear terrorist attack ? ) .
But we have no civil defenses for our children , no shelters , no thought - out plan for recovery from attack .
In fact , when we suffered a few thousand dead on 9 - 11 , we panicked and did ten times more economic damage to ourselves than the terrorists had .
We also let ourselves be suckered into joining a Middle Eastern tribal war without end , on transparently fraudulent grounds .
Worse , our fears have destroyed much of our own Constitutional freedom .
Would we be braver now , if a few anonymous smuggled nuclear bombs killed millions ?
Or would we just descend tamely into dictatorship without a struggle ?
Our Founding Fathers studied the Swiss when they designed our system of government .
Maybe it would pay us to study the long Swiss peace again … before it ’s too late .
The Best of Bill Walker
In this article :
All products recommended by Engadget are selected by our editorial team , independent of our parent company .
Some of our stories include affiliate links .
If you buy something through one of these links , we may earn an affiliate commission .
Meet the world 's top destroyer of the environment .
It is not the car , or the plane , or even George Bush : it is the cow .
A United Nations report has identified the world 's rapidly growing herds of cattle as the greatest threat to the climate , forests and wildlife .
And they are blamed for a host of other environmental crimes , from acid rain to the introduction of alien species , from producing deserts to creating dead zones in the oceans , from poisoning rivers and drinking water to destroying coral reefs .
The 400 - page report by the Food and Agricultural Organisation , entitled Livestock 's Long Shadow , also surveys the damage done by sheep , chickens , pigs and goats .
But in almost every case , the world 's 1.5 billion cattle are most to blame .
Livestock are responsible for 18 per cent of the greenhouse gases that cause global warming , more than cars , planes and all other forms of transport put together .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Burning fuel to produce fertiliser to grow feed , to produce meat and to transport it - and clearing vegetation for grazing - produces 9 per cent of all emissions of carbon dioxide , the most common greenhouse gas .
And their wind and manure emit more than one third of emissions of another , methane , which warms the world 20 times faster than carbon dioxide .
Livestock also produces more than 100 other polluting gases , including more than two - thirds of the world 's emissions of ammonia , one of the main causes of acid rain .
Ranching , the report adds , is " the major driver of deforestation " worldwide , and overgrazing is turning a fifth of all pastures and ranges into desert .
Cows also soak up vast amounts of water : it takes a staggering 990 litres of water to produce one litre of milk .
Wastes from feedlots and fertilisers used to grow their feed overnourish water , causing weeds to choke all other life .
And the pesticides , antibiotics and hormones used to treat them get into drinking water and endanger human health .
The pollution washes down to the sea , killing coral reefs and creating " dead zones " devoid of life .
One is up to 21,000sqkm , in the Gulf of Mexico , where much of the waste from US beef production is carried down the Mississippi .
The report concludes that , unless drastic changes are made , the massive damage done by livestock will more than double by 2050 , as demand for meat increases .
My wife and I both like to press our creativity and see what money - saving tactics we can come up with that save a sizable amount of money and have a lot of fun along the way .
Here are eight we ’ve discovered over the last several months ( yep , I ’ve been saving these along the way ) .
1. Community festivals can be a very cheap way to spend a summer weekend , particularly ones near your home or ones that line up well with other planned summer trips .
Just take along a sack lunch , watch a parade and the other activities ( or even participate ) , and even sample some of the local fare by buying one and sharing it with the rest of your group .
Even better , you can participate in events that push you a bit outside your comfort zone and let you try something a bit different than usual .
For example , this past weekend , my wife and children and I attended Nordic Fest in Decorah , Iowa , which happened to fall on the same weekend as a family event .
We spent most of Saturday at the festival .
We tried out some of the Norwegian food ( abelskivers were my favorite – balls of a pancake - like pastry covered in jam and powdered sugar , and they were only $ 0.25 a pop ) .
We watched the parade ( free ) .
Our children got their faces and arms painted ( free ) .
We even spent a couple hours in the afternoon watching a rock throwing contest in which I participated .
In fact , here ’s a video of one of my attempts , in which I chuck a hundred pound rock roughly nineteen feet .
A cheap weekend of fun for the whole family , indeed .
2. Prepare a meal before you go on a long trip .
Before a recent weekend trip , we made eggplant lasagna and put it in the refrigerator .
Three days later , when we returned mid-afternoon , worn out from a very active weekend , we just popped the lasagna in the oven and had a very inexpensive home - cooked meal .
Before figuring this out , we would often eat out at the end of a long trip because we were worn out after the trip .
It was simply much easier to do that than to go home and prepare a meal , and that often meant $ 20 to $ 30 would be invested in the meal .
By preparing the “ welcome home ” meal before we left , we trimmed the cost down to $ 3 or so .
3 . Be inclusive with the neighbors as it can save you money and help forge powerful relationships .
We have a swing set and a sandbox in our yard and as our son has grown older , he ’s begun to interact quite a bit with other children nearby .
With the recent arrival of a new family next door , with a youngest child just slightly older than our son , this has kicked up a notch .
We just made it very clear to the neighbors that their children were welcome to play in our yard and on our play equipment , no questions asked , the very day they moved in .
Before long , they had invited other children in the neighborhood to play on the equipment and we welcomed all of them .
Because of this , our son has had an army of children to play with all summer , we ’ve become familiar with many more families on the block , and our son has been invited to play with many other children , improving his social skills .
All with absolutely no cost to us ( and often some savings , considering we ’re playing in the yard instead of engaging in other activities ) .
4 . Making your own beer and wine is very cost - effective if you prefer craft beers and solid wines .
If you ’re a “ two buck Chuck ” person or you prefer Busch Light to everything else , making your own beer is n’t very cost - effective .
However , if your tastes run more towards craft beers and solid offerings from local vineyards , then making your own can be very cost - effective ( and very tasty , to boot ) .
For example , my wife and I recently made a batch of oatmeal stout at home .
Oatmeal stouts are rather intricate brews with a lot of ingredients and you can rarely find them in stores for less than $ 11 per six pack of bottles .
We made forty two bottles of oatmeal stout for about $ 45 , all told .
This averaged out to about $ 6.50 per six pack of bottles .
Now , if you compare that price to most mainstream beers ( Busch , Budweiser , Miller ) , that ’s not a particularly strong savings , but if you compare it to more craft - oriented beers ( Sam Adams , Goose Island , Sierra Nevada , Rogue , etc. ) , it can be a serious bargain – and a lot of fun .
If there ’s interest , I ’d be glad to post a walkthrough and a cost analysis of the next batch we make .
5 . I ’ve started to save my shredded paper because it makes spectacular campfire kindling .
Whenever I have a pile of papers to shred , I just shred them up , then get them just a little wet .
Then I squeeze the shredded moist paper down into a consistent but loose ball ( mostly just making sure they stick together from the moisture ) , then let the ball dry out in the garage .
Before a camping trip , I grab a few of these dry balls of paper and pack them away .
Then , when we build a campfire , I stack up the wood , put the dry paper ball at the bottom , and light the paper ball .
It goes up in flames very quickly and usually has enough heat in a football - sized ball to get some smaller pieces of wood burning .
This saves money on campfire starters and lets us actually utilize the shredded papers instead of just tossing them in the trash .
6 . Another “ hot ” tip – campfire ashes make great fertilizer .
Just scoop up the ashes when you ’re done and save them in a container .
When you get home , dump them out around the base of any bushes you have , in your garden , or even in your compost bin .
Wood ash contains plenty of potassium , calcium , and magnesium and works well as a fertilizer if applied at a rate of about five pounds per hundred square feet .
It ’s worthwhile to note that you should n’t do this if your soil is already very alkaline .
If you garden , you probably already have some idea as to the pH of your soil – if you do n’t , do a pH test .
If the pH is above 7 or 8 , do n’t add wood ashes to your soil .
However , if the pH is lower , wood ashes will be a nice benefit – and you ca n’t argue with the cost and environmental friendliness of the source .
7. Look for “ mistinted ” paint at your local hardware store if you ’re about to paint a room and do n’t have a need for an exact shade .
You ’ll often find gallons for just a dollar or two and the paint is just fine – it just happened to not perfectly color match someone else ’s needs .
Often , you can find enough for a room of the exact same shade and , if not , you can easily get more just by asking them to make more of that shade .
This works best if you ’ve decided to re-paint a room but are n’t too worried about the exact color of the room .
For example , we ’re discussing repainting my office in a light green .
Since I ’m not too concerned about the exact shade , we ’ll just dig through their “ mistinted ” paint until I find a “ light green ” that I like and get it for incredibly cheap .
That ’s how you redecorate for pennies .
8. Perennial vegetables are an incredibly cost - effective ( and effort effective ) way to garden .
Take , for example , our asparagus patch .
We started it this spring and have some shoots up out of the ground .
For the next three years , we ’ll not even touch this patch – nothing at all .
After that , fresh asparagus every spring , like clockwork , with no effort .
If you like fresh garden fare but hate planting and dealing with gardening and you also do n’t like the cost of replenishment each year , look into planting perennials , which grow up automatically each spring .
Many herbs are perennials , as are asparagus , Pacific spinach , sweet potatoes , strawberries , and countless others .
Just plant them once and they come back every year with very little tending required , just harvesting .
That ’s cost - effective gardening .
TAKING your hat off at the door may seem like a throwback to a more genteel age .
But the practice lives on at modern sporting events .
Dutch buyers of Heineken beer were given green hats to wear to the recent Euro 2008 football tournament .
Anyone who tried to enter a stadium wearing one , however , as many fans did in 2004 , was asked to remove it .
The hats were an “ ambush marketing ” campaign , in which companies try to promote their brands at sporting events without paying sponsorship fees .
Heineken 's rival , Carlsberg , was an official sponsor of Euro 2008 , paying $ 21 m for the privilege .
A few TV close - ups of fans wearing Heineken hats would have cost very little by comparison .
This was just one of 18 examples of ambush marketing at Euro 2008 identified by researchers at Coventry University Business School .
Ambush marketers have replaced hooligans as the villains of sporting events , because they undermine official sponsors , which are the main source of revenue in some sports .
The stakes are highest at the Olympics .
This year 12 firms , including Coca - Cola , Samsung and Visa , have paid a total of $ 866 m to be official sponsors of the Beijing Olympics — and they want exclusivity .
The Chinese authorities have responded with their usual subtlety .
Between July 11th and September 17th the Beijing Organising Committee for the Olympic games will take control of all prominent advertising sites in the Chinese capital , including those at train stations and airports , and their use will be limited to official sponsors only .
( In 1996 , when the Olympics were staged in Atlanta , the city was plastered with ads by Nike , which was not a sponsor . )
Athletes will be banned from taking their own drinks into the Olympic Village to “ protect sponsors ' rights ” .
And at each event if any spectators manage to get past the officials with unofficial food , drinks or clothing , broadcasters will be obliged to avoid showing them in close - up .
But preventing ambushes is difficult .
Marketers tend to launch ambush campaigns only once an event has started , making pre-emptive strikes almost impossible .
And policing the brand use of individual spectators at the stadium is tricky .
Coca - Cola , which has sponsored every Olympiad since 1928 , says sponsorship provides “ a way to connect with people around the world at a very personal , emotional level ” .
But if that means depriving spectators of their half - finished Pepsi as they enter a stadium , the emotions may not be happy ones .
Overzealous enforcement can also result in bad press — as with the orange plastic Lederhosen given out by Bavaria , a Dutch brewery , to Dutch fans before a match at the 2006 football World Cup .
Officials asked fans to remove the offending garments , to placate Budweiser , a rival beer brand that was the tournament 's official sponsor .
Many fans ended up watching the match in their underwear , and the resulting fuss generated even more publicity for Bavaria .
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
First it was Chinese and Iranian bloggers getting the boot in from their government , then a Russian blogger received a suspended prison sentence for saying nasty things on his blog about the local police .
Now the Memphis Police Department ( MPD ) in the good ol ’ US of A is attempting to discover who is behind MPD Enforcer 2.0
The blog , which is apparently operated by a former MPD officer , is extremely critical of the MPD and its director , Larry Godwin .
Now Godwin and the MPD ’s lawyers want to know who ’s behind MPD Enforcer .
So they have taken AOL to court because it looks like an @aim.com e-mail address is associated with the blog .
They want the company to hand over all records that will identify the perp so the heavily armed SWAT teams can raid the premises and take the dangerous violent S.O.B down – ASAP .
If that does n’t pan out , I ’m sure Google ’s Blogspot is next on the hitlist .
We can then all sleep easy in our beds knowing that a dangerous blogger has been taken off the streets and will never harm our children or our children ’s children .
Some thoughts – first , by doing what they are doing , the MPD is playing right into the blogger ’s hands .
Not only are they giving the blog lots of publicity , but they are also confirming what the blogger is probably constantly saying – that the MPD is heavy handed and bullying .
Secondly , does n’t the MPD have real criminals to catch instead of getting all worked up over one blogger ?
Third , should n’t somebody teach the MPD and Director Godwin about something called the First Amendment ?
Fourth , should n’t police officers be tough and develop thick skins ?
It looks like the MPD ca n’t handle a bit of criticism on a blog without crying about it and running home to Mummy .
What about either ignoring the criticism or responding to it in a mature adult manner ?
Is n’t suing a bit over the top ?
I ’m sure all you US readers do n’t want to see your tax dollars being spent on lawsuits like this when they should be spent on catching criminals , building prisons and maintaining a justice system in general .
Instead , the MPD seems to be using your tax dollars to keep their egos intact .
THE last 20 years have brought the world more trade , more globalization and more economic growth than in any previous such period in history .
Few commentators had believed that such a rise in trade and living standards was possible so quickly .
More than 400 million Chinese climbed out of poverty between 1990 and 2004 , according to the World Bank .
India has become a rapidly growing economy , the middle class in Brazil and Mexico is flourishing , and recent successes of Ghana and Tanzania show that parts of Africa may be turning the corner as well .
Despite these enormous advances , however , there is a backlash against globalization and a widespread belief that it requires moderation .
Ordinary people often question the benefits of international trade , and now many intellectuals are turning more skeptical , too .
Yet the facts on the ground show that the current climate of economic doom and gloom simply is n’t warranted .
The classic economic recipes of trade , investment and good incentives have never been more successful in generating huge gains in human welfare .
The globalization process has had its bumps , of course , as reflected recently by rising commodity prices , but that is largely a consequence of how much and how rapidly prosperity has grown .
Countries like China have become richer so fast that global production of energy and food have been unable to match the pace .
But rapid economic growth is the right direction , even if some of the remaining poor are suffering from high food prices .
The property slump is getting worse according to industry figures Mortgage lending for house purchase by the UK 's main banks has fallen to its lowest level on record .
The British Bankers Association ( BBA ) said that in May , the number of new mortgage approvals to home buyers fell to just 28,000 .
That was a 20 % fall in just one month and 56 % down from May last year .
The BBA said the number of new approvals was the lowest since its records started in 1997 and warned that the market would stay subdued .
" Measures of mortgage activity were lower in May as a result of tighter lending criteria and economic pressures on households , " said David Dooks of the BBA .
" Only remortgaging business is holding up , where people need or want to take advantage of deals with other lenders , " he added .
BBA members account for about two - thirds of total UK mortgage lending .
Contraction
The UK property market is going through a rapid and unprecedented slump in activity and sales .
The supply of mortgage funds , much of which comes from lenders in the international financial markets , has largely been turned off because of the continuing credit crunch which started nearly a year ago .
Many participants in the property market , such as house builders , individual mortgage lenders , estate agents and surveyors , have been telling the same story , with widespread predictions that sales will fall by between 35 % and 45 % in the course of 2008 .
The knock - on effect has been that house prices have been falling for the past few months , with many experts now expecting a fall of more than 10 % by the end of the year .
Mortgage approvals are widely seen as a good indicator of sales in the next few months .
The figures from the BBA suggest the most dramatic contraction in lending so far .
However , its data does not include building societies .
Figures from all lenders will be published by the Bank of England on 30 June .
' Deep correction ' Howard Archer , chief UK and European economist at Global Insight , said : " More housing market data , more very worrying news that heighten concern that we are in for an extended , deep correction in the housing market .
" The BBA data graphically highlight that housing market activity is currently being throttled by stretched affordability and tight lending conditions .
" Very low housing market activity seems certain to feed through to further depress already markedly weakening house prices . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Prior VP nominee selection dates
Both Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain are waiting until what seems like the last minute to announce their running mates .
But by historical standards , Obama and McCain are right on time .
Since 1960 , virtually every presidential candidate has named his running mate within one week of his party ’s convention – or at the convention itself .
Only Sen. John F. Kerry ’s early selection of Sen. John Edwards breaks the pattern : Kerry declared Edwards was his pick twenty days before the Democratic convention started in 2004 .
Advertisement
1960
Democrats : Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kennedy picked Texas Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson for his ticket near the end of the Democratic National Convention on July 14 .
Republicans : Vice President Richard Nixon chose former Massachusetts Sen. Henry Cabot Lodge to be his running mate on July 28 , during the Republican National Convention .
1964
Democrats : President Lyndon B. Johnson named Minnesota Sen .
Hubert Humphrey as his party ’s vice presidential candidate on August 27 , just hours before traveling to the Democratic National Convention .
Republicans : Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater announced on July 15 , in the midst of the Republican convention , that New York Rep. William E. Miller would be his running mate .
1968
Democrats : Maine Sen. Edmund Muskie was tapped to be Vice President Hubert Humphrey ’s running mate on August 29 , at the end of the tumultuous , riot - filled convention in Chicago .
Republicans : Former Vice President Richard Nixon chose Maryland Gov. Spiro T. Agnew as his running mate on August 8 , during his party ’s nominating convention .
1972
Democrats : South Dakota Sen. George McGovern named Missouri Sen.
Thomas Eagleton as his party ’s vice presidential candidate on July 14 , at the Democratic National Convention .
Eagleton would later be replaced by former Peace Corps Director Sargent Shriver .
Republicans : Incumbents Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew were renominated as the Republican ticket .
1976
Democrats : On July 15 , during the Democratic National Convention , Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter selected Sen. Walter F. Mondale of Minnesota to be his running mate .
Republicans : President Gerald Ford chose Kansas Sen. Bob Dole to replace incumbent Vice President Nelson Rockefeller at the Republican National Convention on August 19 .
1980
Democrats : Jimmy Carter and Walter F. Mondale were renominated as the Democratic ticket .
Republicans : Former California Gov. Ronald Reagan named George H. W. Bush as his running mate on July 17 , just after winning his party ’s nomination at the Republican National Convention .
1984
Democrats : Former Vice President Walter F. Mondale announced New York Rep. Geraldine A. Ferraro as his running mate in St. Paul , Minn. , on July 12 , four days before the opening of the Democratic National Convention on July 16 .
Republicans : Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush were renominated as the Republican ticket .
1988
Democrats : Massachusetts Gov. Michael S. Dukakis picked Sen. Lloyd Bentsen of Texas to be his running mate on July 13 , 1988 , less than a week before the Democratic convention began on July 19 .
Republicans : Indiana Sen . Dan Quayle was announced as the Republican Vice Presidential candidate during the Republican convention in New Orleans on August 16 .
1992
Democrats : Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton selected Tennessee Sen. Al Gore as his running mate on July 9 , the week before the Democratic convention started in New York on July 13 .
Republicans : George Bush and Dan Quayle were renominated as the Republican ticket .
1996
Democrats : Incumbents Bill Clinton and Al Gore were renominated as the Democratic ticket .
Republicans : Kansas Sen. Bob Dole announced former New York congressman and Housing Secretary Jack Kemp as his choice for vice president on August 10 , two days before the beginning of the Republican convention in San Diego .
2000
Democrats : Vice President Al Gore named Connecticut Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman to be his running mate on August 7 , seven days in advance of the Democratic convention in Los Angeles .
Republicans : On July 25 , less than a week before Republican National Convention began on July 31 , Texas Gov. George W. Bush announced that his running mate would be former Wyoming congressman and Defense Secretary Dick Cheney .
2004
Democrats : Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kerry chose North Carolina Sen .
John Edwards to be his party ’s nominee for vice president on July 6 , nearly three weeks before the Democratic National Convention began on July 26 .
Republicans : George W. Bush and Dick Cheney were renominated as the Republican ticket .
Without wanting to stray too deeply in Simon and Stuart ’s technical CSS territory , I thought this was worth noting .
For all it ’s many advantages , sometimes it ’s the little things that CSS layout makes difficult that really get to you .
Clearing floated elements is a good example .
The Problem :
One of the simplest and most common layout structures involves the placing of a small , set - width DIV — perhaps navigation , a quote or a bio — within a larger wrapping DIV that contains the remaining content .
In a markup this might be something like :
< div id =" outer " > < div id =" inner " > < h2 > A Column </ h2 > </div > < h1 > Main Content</h1 > < p > Lorem ipsum </ p> </div >
We can set the width of ‘ # inner ’ ( let ’s say ‘ width : 20 % ’ ) , but , being a block level element , the main content will always wrap beneath , unless we float it ( either left or right ) .
Here our classic problem begins .
If ‘ #inner ’ is shorter than #outer , all is well .
However , if ‘ # inner ’ grows taller than it ’s wrapping parent , it breaks through the bottom edge of ‘ # outer ’ .
It ’s as if ‘ # outer ’ forgets it ’s supposed to be keeping tabs on what ‘ # inner ’ is doing as soon as you float it .
As we ca n’t always control the amount of content in these DIVs , it certainly presents a problem .
Here ’s a typical example of the problem in action .
( Thanks to Pixy for the neat little content - gen script ) .
The Solutions :
a) The Markup Method :
The first and W3C - recommended approach is a little ugly – extra markup .
At the very end of your content , toss in a cleared element – typically something like < br style = " clear : both " / > .
It ’s the HTML equivalent of wedging matchsticks into your window frame to jam a window open .
This works , but ‘ dirties your page ’ with stuff that only exist so it renders properly .
b) The Aslett / PIE Method : Less than 12 months ago Tony Aslett working with PositionIsEverything .com came out with a new method so diabolically clever that they had to have been sitting in a fake island volcano , stroking a large white cat and laughing fiendishly when they thought of it .
You ’ll need to read the tutorial to get the full story , but , in short , they use a little - known , rarely - used pseudo class ( : after ) to place a hidden , cleared full - stop after the content .
Combined with a sprinkling of hacks , this works beautifully – but gives me a headache over my left eye when I think about it .
c ) The Ordered List Method : Last October Steve Smith from Orderlist.com published a slightly simpler method .
Again , read his tutorial to get the low - down , but in short , his method involves ‘ Floating nearly Everything ’ ( FnE ) , which naturally enough includes the outer DIV .
This can have a considerable effect on the way your design stacks and as Steve says ‘ it takes a little more tweaking ’ but in general this method seems a little more robust to me .
d ) That was my ‘ current state of play ’ until last week when SitePoint Forum ’s own CSS Guru , Paul O’Brien , nonchalantly pointed out that adding a ‘ overflow : auto ’ to the outer DIV did the trick .
‘ Rubbish ’ I thought to myself .
Half an hour of testing later , I was amazed to find Paul was 100 % correct – as this example shows .
It seems that reminding the outer DIV that it ’s overflow is set to ‘ auto ’ , forces it to think “ oh yeah ..
I ’m wrapping that thing , are n’t I ? ” .
This fact is so boringly simple that it ’s hard to know if thousands of developers are well aware of it , but never thought to mention it .
I know I showed the example page to four CSS - savvy SitePoint colleagues and all shock their heads , blinked slowly and said “ Whaa… ? ” ( or something similar ) .
From my testing , it seems to work identically in virtually every browser .
Even IE4 seems to love it – only NS4 freaks out , and I ’m not totally convinced a few hacks could n’t get that working .
We have n’t had time yet to thoroughly test this method under rigorous match conditions , but so far there do n’t seem to be any major drawbacks .
Certain combinations of margin and padding can force internal scrollbars .
If you ca n’t ‘ massage ’ them away , we found ‘ overflow : hidden ’ has virtually the same effect without the scrollbars .
The only drawback of ‘ hidden ’ seems to be the cropping of some images if they ’re placed lower in the page .
Both issues seem very manageable .
Nice work , Paul .
Seventeen people , including a child left in a critical condition , were injured when soldiers fired live bullets instead of blanks during an open day display in Carcassone , France , regional officials said .
Fifteen civilians and two soldiers were injured in the incident , of which the details remained unclear , involving a demonstration by members of a marines parachute regiment of hostage liberation exercises , the regional authority said .
Four of the 17 were seriously injured , with two described as critical following " incomprehensible " scenes at the barracks near Carcassone , in the country 's south - west .
National Public Radio has been spending much news time on Darfur in Western Sudan where a great deal of human suffering and death are occurring .
The military conflict has been brought on in part by climate change , according to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
Drought is forcing nomads in search of water into areas occupied by other claimants .
No doubt the conflict is tribal and racial as well .
The entire catastrophe is overseen by a government with few resources other than bullets .
Now an International Criminal Court prosecutor wants to bring charges against Sudan ’s president , Omar al - Bashir , for crimes against humanity and war crimes .
I have no sympathy for people who make others suffer .
Nevertheless , I wonder at the International Criminal Court ’s pick from the assortment of war criminals ?
Why al - Bashir ?
Is it because Sudan is a powerless state , and the International Criminal Court has n’t the courage to name George W. Bush and Tony Blair as war criminals ?
Bush and Blair ’s crimes against humanity in Iraq and Afghanistan dwarf , at least in the number of deaths and displaced persons , the terrible situation in Darfur .
The highest estimate of Darfur casualties is 400,000 , one - third the number of Iraqis who have died as a result of Bush ’s invasion .
Moreover , the conflict in the Sudan is an internal one , whereas Bush illegally invaded two foreign countries , war crimes under the Nuremberg Standard .
Bush ’s war crimes were enabled by the political leaders of the UK , Spain , Canada , and Australia .
The leaders of every member of the " coalition of the willing to commit war crimes " are candidates for the dock .
But of course the Great Moral West does not commit war crimes .
War crimes are charges fobbed off on people demonized by the Western media , such as the Serbian Milosovic and the Sudanese al - Bashir .
Every week the Israeli government evicts Palestinians from their homes , steals their land , and kills Palestinian women and children .
These crimes against humanity have been going on for decades .
Except for a few Israeli human rights organizations , no one complains about it .
Palestinians are defined as " terrorists , " and " terrorists " can be treated inhumanely without complaint .
Iraqis and Afghans suffer the same fate .
Iraqis who resist US occupation of their country are " terrorists . "
Taliban is a demonized name .
Every Afghan killed  even those attending wedding parties  is claimed to be Taliban by the US military .
Iraqis and Afghans can be murdered at will by American and NATO troops without anyone raising human rights issues .
The International Criminal Court is a bureaucracy .
It has a budget , and it needs to do something to justify its budget .
Lacking teeth and courage , it goes after the petty war criminals and leaves the big ones alone .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I ’m for holding all governments accountable for their criminal actions .
It is the hypocrisy to which I object .
The West gives itself and Israel a pass while damning everyone else .
Even human rights groups fall into the trap .
Rights activists do n’t see the buffoonery in their complaint that President Bush , who has violated more human rights than any person alive , is letting China off the hook for human rights abuses by attending the Olympics hosted by China .
President Bush claims that the enormous destruction and death he has brought to Iraq and Afghanistan are necessary in order for Americans to be safe .
If we are accepting excuses this feeble , Milosovic passed muster with his excuse that as the head of state he was obliged to try to preserve the state ’s territorial integrity .
Is al - Bashir supposed to accept secession in the Sudan , something that Lincoln would not accept from the Confederacy ?
How long would al - Bashir last if he partitioned Sudan ?
Last October the Atlanta Journal - Constitution had a photo on its front page above the fold of an elderly man with mikes shoved in his face .
Paul Henss , 85 years old , is being deported from the US , where he has lived for 53 years , because Eli Rosenbaum , director the the US State Department ’s Nazi- hunting bureaucracy , declared him a war criminal for training guard dogs used at German concentration camps .
Henss was 22 years old when World War II ended .
A kid who trained guard dogs is being deported as a war criminal , but the head of state who launched two wars of naked aggression , resulting in the deaths of more than 1.2 million people , and who has the entire world on edge awaiting his third war of aggression , this time against Iran , is received respectfully by foreign governments .
Corporations and trade associations will pay him $ 100,000 per speech when he leaves office .
He will make millions of dollars more from memoirs written by a ghostwriter .
Does no one see the paradox of deporting Henss while leaving the war criminal in the White House ?
We showed you the teaser trailer for Terminator Salvation on Wednesday , but like most teasers for these types of movies , you get a lot of flash but not a lot of robot .
However , a new still image was released today that gives you a little better taste of the action - like Christian Bale pinning a Terminator robot with a helicopter then blowing his face off .
Magnificent .
Advertisement
Terminator Teaser Trailer is Seizure - inducing Robot Carnage
This flash - happy Terminator 4 — ahem , Terminator Salvation — teaser trailer posted on io9 teaches …
Read more
For more Batman news , check out our review and iPhone App .
Chris Rocks Exposes Manipulative Marketing of Drug Companies and how they invent diseases and conditions , then convince people that they need medication .
DENVER , Colorado ( AFP ) - The Democratic Party is using beer - based biofuel and a recycling brigade guarding trash cans to help ease the environmental impact of its convention in Denver this week .
The aim is to have the most environmentally - sustainable convention in modern US history .
And the goals are ambitious .
" We 've been committed to taking the practical steps to sustainability , " said Damon Jones , a spokesman for the Democratic National Convention Committee .
" There are a number of things you can do that are not outrageous but are responsible and use good common sense . "
The plan is to divert 85 percent of the waste produced by the 50,000 people coming to the convention into recycling or composting facilities .
Some 900 volunteers were enlisted to help delegates sort their garbage so it ends up at a recycling plant or composting facility .
Caterers and other vendors are also being instructed in waste diversion .
And the company hired to build the stage where Barack Obama will accept his party 's nomination has been asked to use recycled materials and make sure they get reused when the stage is torn down .
Then there 's transportation : General Motors will be providing a fleet of hybrid and flex - fuel vehicles , Coors is donating ethanol made with thousands of gallons of its beer waste and bus idling will be kept to a minimum .
Pollution is also being controlled through the use of wind and solar energy and efficient lighting , computers and appliances .
To top it all off , the party 's " Director of Greening " hired an outside firm to calculate the convention 's carbon footprint so it can be offset with carbon credits .
" We 're really proud of the steps we 've taken and if you compare another event that 's taking place the next week we feel really good about our track record , " Jones told AFP .
The Republican National Convention has also pledged to hold its " greenest " convention ever , but its plans are more modest .
" Having someone stand next to a trash can ?
I do n't think so , " said RNC spokeswoman Yohana de La Torre .
The Republicans are also using hybrid and ethanol - powered vehicles and have been cutting down on the use of paper products while asking vendors to use recycled materials for everything from the carpets to the signs filling the arena , de la Torre said .
Their offices were filled with reused furniture and recycling bins and the bulk of staffers found apartments within walking distance so they could avoid driving .
" We are trying to be stewards of the environment and are trying to encourage others to be , " she said in a telephone interview .
" The Republican Party is home to Theodore Roosevelt who was the first American president to consider the long - term needs for efficient conservation of natural resources . "
These greening efforts , while important , have become pretty standard for large events , said Kert Davies , research director of Greenpeace .
" This is all good manners at this point , " he told AFP .
" It 's more important what they talk about inside the convention .
...
The campaign platforms have to match the behavior . "
Source : Yahoo News
See also :
Engineering Silicon Solar Cells to Make Photovoltaic Power Affordable
PHEV And The Hybrid Plug-in Grid
Fuel Cell Efficiency May Be Improved With Material With ' Colossal Ionic Conductivity '
Click to viewThe iPhone is the most hyped up phone ever , and it 's coming next week .
People are going to be waiting in line for hours to get their paws on it without having seen it .
Hey , it 's fun to get excited about gadgets — that 's why we 're all here , right ?
Advertisement
The problem is , the iPhone is only available through AT&T , in my opinion one of the most unscrupulous telecoms around .
AT&T 's tactics combine Microsoft - style anti-competitive maneuvers and anti-privacy efforts á la RIAA for a chilling effect .
I avoid giving AT&T any of my money ; it 's a personal boycott .
I 'd like to call for a more wide - ranging one , but that brings up an interesting question :
Does a hyped gadget you really want trump any moral misgivings you might have about where it 's coming from ?
First , let me break down why I think AT&T is n't worthy of your hard - earned money .
Back in the 1980s , the original telecom giant was broken up for being a monopoly only to cobble itself back together again years later to nearly the same form as before .
( Of course , it now has competition in some businesses , but in many regions of the US it still reigns frighteningly supreme . )
Advertisement
Last year , it was discovered that AT&T has been secretly spying on Americans for the government .
Maybe it still is .
Then , just recently , it announced that it planned to spy on Internet surfers yet again , looking for pirated media files , presumably to the delight of the RIAA and MPAA .
If you do n't want to get spied on and want to switch ISPs , guess what ?
Depending on where you live , you might not have any other options .
And if AT&T snoops on all data passing through its network , most US Internet users will be affected , not just AT&T customers .
It runs a significant amount of the backbone infrastructure of the Internet , leaving little traffic outside its grasp .
So what we have is a company that does n't have privacy at the top of its priority list , not to mention the anti-trust laws of this country .
It 's setting terrible precedents left and right , and its vast power that comes from its huge size makes it all the more unlikely to change for the better .
We , as contentious , tech - savvy individuals , should go out of our way to deprive this company of money , power and influence .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
However , there are thousands , maybe millions , of people out there just dying to get their hands on an iPhone , and AT&T has a lock on the device for five years .
So , Apple and iPhone fans , what 's more important to you ?
Having the hottest device , or knowing that you are standing up to a company , that in my opinion , has no regard for the privacy and consumer choice of Americans ?
Is it up to us , the customers , to stand up to these practices , or should we just keep shopping and hope the regulators do their jobs ?
Advertisement
I , for one , will be continuing my AT&T boycott for the foreseeable future .
Peruvian government recognizes Ayahuasca as cultural heritage Big WOW !
Who whould have thought that any government would ever release statements like these : " the effects produced by its consumption are equivalent to entering the secrets of the spiritual world ... " and , " knowledge of ayahuasca states is required for all members of Amazonian societies at some point in their lives , and is essential for assuming the role of privileged individuals ... "
No english news source for this yet , but these two articles Portuguese - to - English via Google Translate are quite usable :
No english news source for this yet , but these two articles Portuguese - to - English via Google Translate are quite usable :
The government of Peru said as the cultural patrimony of the nation 's traditional knowledge and practices of ayahuasca practiced by indigenous communities in the Amazon Forest .
The ayahuasca is better known in Brazil as Santo Daime .
The decision of the Peruvian government , signed by the director of the National Institute of Culture , Javier Ugaz Villacorta , was published in the Saturday edition of El Peruano , the official daily of the country .
In the statement of recognition , the Peruvian government maintains that the ayahuasca has psychotropic qualities , namely that act on the psyche , the mental activity , behaviour , perceptions and is known worldwide as a plant indigenous to transmit wisdom for the beginner on the very foundations of the world .
It also states that the effects produced by its consumption is equivalent to entering the secrets of the spiritual world .
According to the National Institute of Culture , the ritual of ayahuasca is setting as the center of traditional medicine and is one of the pillars of the identity of Amazonian peoples , and its use necessary and indispensable for all members of society Peruvian Amazon .
...
According to the Peruvian government , ayahuasca has extraordinary cultural history because of its psychotropic qualities .
The National Institute of Culture notes that the use and results obtained with ayahuasca are required for all members of societies Amazon at some point in their lives and essential to assume the role of privileged individuals , either through communications with the spiritual world or [ dream visions ? ] "
Some strangeness in the translations , but you can probably figure them out .
Thanks for the tip Snow !
Some strangeness in the translations , but you can probably figure them out .
Thanks for the tip Snow !
Link - Translation : Blog da Amazonia
Link - Ayahuasca in Peru : Altino Machado
Posted By jamesk at 2008-07-17 12:53:45 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 7 )
Food supplies to be halted by rogue truck drivers
Truck drivers are planning a nationwide two - week strike that could limit the supply of food and fuel .
Requesting better pay and conditions , the organisers , led by the Australian Long Distance Owners ’ and Drivers ’ Association , are asking truck drivers to strike for two weeks from July 28 .
One of the transport company owners , Peter Schuback of Queensland ’s Hervey Bay , said that the stoppage would highlight the impact the economy would be subjected to if the industry was to collapse .
“ On day three of the stoppage shops will run out of food , on day four service stations will run out of petrol , on day five we will run out of [ drinkable ] water … and on day 10 industry will shut down because there will be no power , ” Mr Schuback told the Sydney Morning Herald .
Organisers of the strike have been spreading the message to the nations truck drivers via text messages .
The issue of low pay and increasing fuel costs has been on the truckies agenda in recent months , with the Transport Workers Union ( TWU ) lobbying the Federal Government to provide greater assistance to truck drivers .
The TWU is not , however , supporting the proposed strike .
The leading industry body for the trucking industry , the Australian Trucking Association ( ATA ) , has also distanced themselves from the proposed stoppage in the belief that it will provide no benefit to the industry .
The Chairman of the ATA , Trevor Martyn , said he understood the hardships that many in the industry were going through , but warned that shutdowns were not the answer .
“ Many owner drivers and small trucking companies are in crisis because of the spiralling price of diesel , which has gone up 50 cents per litre since last October .
Many people in the trucking industry are now watching their life ’s work collapse around them , ” Mr Martyn said .
“ But going on strike and standing around truck stops for two weeks is n’t the answer .
The price of diesel is going up across the world because of China ’s massive demand for fuel .
Holding a two - week strike in Australia will have no effect on prices at all . ”
While the organisers claim that 80 per cent will strike , the ATA disputes this and suggest that disruptions will not be significant .
Memo to John McCain :
When trying to sell your energy plan ( Drill ! Drill ! Drill ! ) you might not want to cite the approval of oil executives .
The last thing voters want to hear is that the fatcats who have been raking in record profits at our expense are happy with your " solution " to our problems .
Download Download
" My friends , we have to drill off shore .
We have to do it .
It 's out there and we can do it .
And we can do that .
The oil executives say within a couple of years we could be seeing results from it .
So why not do it ? "
Ken over at Howies place asks : " Are those his environmental experts ? ? ? "
And the DNC notes that McCain 's position on off - shore drilling , beyond the initial flip - flop , keeps evolving :
Hear me out .
Just give me 2 minutes to explain .
In the next 20 to 30 years the state of Florida will experience a deep local recession ( think Detroit ) .
The Baby Boomers who bought up all those retirement villages will start to die off .
Also , it ’s becoming prohibitively expensive to get a decent house due to the insurance premiums .
The real estate market will come into significant overhead supply .
The decline in population will reduce sales tax receipts , cut retail spending , and economic growth will slow .
Seeing this , people will leave , exacerbating the situation .
The tourism industry wo n’t save them .
With newer ( and closer ) developments throughout the world being built , Orlando ’s strong growth will slow .
When it ’s cheaper and more fun to go to Dubai for a week , Europeans will stop showing up .
It just keeps coming : the educational system is not graduating good workers , and businesses will have less of incentive to bring their business to the state .
In the long term , the state will run out of water .
And the voters do n’t notice the problem .
They just put in a constitutional amendment to reduce property taxes , which will hurt the state in terms of tax receipts when the housing crash finally ends .
This November , they are looking to cut state taxes to schools by a significant amount .
Unless we privatize the Florida school system , this will be a bad move .
The solution is offshore drilling .
Offshore Drilling will save the environment .
By leasing the land to the oil / nat - gas companies and taxing their profits , you can use that money for 3 major things :
Environmental Insurance in case of a disaster
Tax breaks for green energy ( solar and tidal , not wind ) Development of a high - speed rail system
You will also get an increase in jobs .
You could also use the tax receipts to subsidize household insurance .
We need a combination of solar - heat and desalinization plants to get the water we need to the state .
The solutions to the energy crisis must not only come from long - term renewable energy ; it must be subsidized by the energy that is immediately available to the country .
This Sunday , a very special meeting took place .
The Forrest was most honored to witness such an impressive moment .
And honestly , so am I !
This is , of course , the blue episode after that first ladybird incredible gathering .
I do n’t remember ever seeing such butterflies ( the only blue butterflies I caught when I was a child were small and had some dots on ) and I hope not to catch the Mariah - la - butterfly - mania , but I do declare this scene to be one of the most beautiful I ’ve ever seen !
Those colors are fairytale - ish , are n’t they ?
( photo source )
KENAI NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) -
Here in a 13,700 - year - old peat bog , ecologist Ed Berg reaches into the moss and pulls out more evidence of the drastic changes afoot due to the Earth ’s warming climate .
The Alaskan landscape is covered with dead spruce trees after a major outbreak of spruce bark bettles in the arctic region in this file image .
REUTERS / handout
Rooting through a handful of mossy duff , Berg , an ecologist for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , shows remains of shrubs and other plants taking hold over the last 30 years in a patch of ground that has long been too soggy for woody plants to grow .
In other words , the ground is drying out , and the peat bog is turning into forest .
“ There has been a big change , ” Berg said .
Core samples taken from the bog show moss nearly 22 feet under the ground , with no sign of trees or shrubs growing here for centuries , Berg said .
In 50 years , the bog could be covered by black spruce trees , he said .
Welcome to Alaska , where the blow of climate change will fall harder than on any other U.S. state .
Records indicate that Alaska has already experienced the largest regional warming of any U.S. state -- an average 5 degrees Fahrenheit ( 3 degrees Celsius ) since the 1960s and about 8 degrees Fahrenheit ( 4.5 degrees Celsius ) in the interior of the state during winter months .
“ We ’ve got mounds of evidence that an extremely powerful and unprecedented climate - driven change is underway , ” said Glenn Juday , a forest ecologist at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks .
“ It ’s not that this might happen , Juday said .
“ These changes are underway and there are more changes coming . ”
‘ BEETLES TAKE NO PRISONERS ’
In a state that is one - third forest , the change will take the form of droughts , forest fires , and infestations of tree - killing insects like spruce beetles and spruce budworm moths .
Further north near the Arctic Circle , receding sea ice has major implications for polar bears , seals and dozens of species , as well as native humans who depend on the land to sustain them .
But here on the scenic Kenai Peninsula south of Anchorage , rising temperatures are partly to blame for an outbreak of bark - infesting beetles , which thrive in warmer climates .
Altogether more than 3 million acres ( 1.21 million hectares ) of spruce have been killed in south - central Alaska since 1992 , the biggest recorded outbreak in North American history .
“ Beetles take no prisoners , ” Berg told reporters during a tour of the refuge .
“ It ’s a Mafia - style execution . ”
Today ’s beetle - infested forest is tomorrow ’s subdivision , and the beetle has set off a flurry of land speculation .
“ The realtors loved it , ” Berg said , describing how the new trend is to market clear - cut lands as “ emerging view properties . ”
While wetlands like the ones Berg studies have acted as a speed bump for forest fires , the drying pattern has scientists worried about an uptick in forest fires .
Scattered at the outskirts of the bog are seedling black spruce trees , which burn more easily than white spruce and could provide a “ fuel bridge ” to allow fires to burn across peat bogs , which have long acted as a fire retardant .
Peat bogs are about 50 percent composed of carbon , and drying or burning would release heat - trapping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
Django File Uploads ( via )
Nearly two years in the making , Django ’s file upload capacity has received a major ( and backwards incompatible ) upgrade .
Previously , files were uploaded by default in to RAM — now , files larger than 2.5MB are streamed to a temporary file and extensive hooks are provided to customise where they end up — streaming to S3 , for example .
Adrian spotted this interesting fact in his newspaper .
At 670 miles per hour , light is almost as fast as the land speed record !
The CDC thinks you 're a big fat fatty .
Remember how Y2 K happened over eight years ago ?
Well , this bank just does n't want to let it go .
( submitted by Jeremy W. )
Your problem is clear , Matt S. , you failed to notify Michael .
Thomas , your choice should be pretty obvious .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The U.S. troop “ surge ” in Iraq that President George W. Bush ordered last year has ended after the last of five additional combat brigades left the country , a U.S. military spokesman said on Tuesday .
U.S. soldiers from 1 - 87 Infantry Regiment , 3rd Brigade walk towards a village , to secure the opening of a new community centre in Sayafiyah southeast of Baghdad May 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Erik de Castro
The remaining troops from that brigade departed over the weekend , leaving just under 147,000 American soldiers in Iraq , the spokesman said .
“ The final elements of the surge brigade have now left , getting out a few days ahead of schedule , ” he said .
The U.S. military had 20 combat brigades in Iraq at its peak in 2007 , with troop levels around 160,000 - 170,000 .
The current number is well above the 130,000 troops in Iraq when Bush ordered the deployment in January 2007 .
The Pentagon said last February it expected 140,000 troops to be in Iraq once the five brigade drawdown had finished .
The military spokesman said troop numbers fluctuate in general , with replacements in Iraq at the same time as forces they were relieving .
“ You do n’t necessarily get a one - for - one swap when a new brigade relieves one that is leaving -- in some instances , some of the arriving brigades have been considerably larger than the brigades they replaced , ” he said .
Bush sent 30,000 extra soldiers to Iraq last year to quell sectarian violence between majority Shi’ites and minority Sunni Arabs that threatened to tip the country into all - out civil war .
U.S. officials say the buildup helped cut violence in Iraq to four - year lows .
Other factors were a decision by Sunni Arab tribal leaders to turn against al Qaeda and a ceasefire by anti-American Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , whose Mehdi Army militia was accused of carrying out sectarian killings .
In late May , the U.S. commander in Iraq , General David Petraeus , said he expected to recommend resuming withdrawals after a 45 - day freeze to take stock of security conditions once the last reinforcement brigade had left .
U.S. troop levels are a key battleground in November ’s U.S. presidential election .
Democratic contender Barack Obama , who is visiting Iraq , has pledged to remove U.S. troops within 16 months of taking office should he win the election .
Republican candidate John McCain on Monday appeared to leave the door open to a large - scale drawdown of U.S. troops in the next two years if conditions on the ground were suitable , saying success had made it possible for troops to return home .
McCain has long argued against setting a timetable for a U.S. troop withdrawal .
Whenever you read an article about cycling in the city , or a discussion of transportation involving cycling it is highly likely that you 'll read a comment like this :
" I will ' share the road ' when cyclists start ' obeying the traffic laws . ' "
and this
" I always see bikers disobeying traffic signals .
They always run red lights going across R Street and Connecticut Ave "
and this
Before encouraging people to cycle and spending millions of pounds of our money in the process , the Government should have down some groundwork to make roads safer for all of us .
[ WashCycle : Sounds reasonable ]
Making cyclists observe a few traffic laws - such as stopping at traffic lights and zebra crossings - would have been a welcome start .
[ WC : Really ?
You 'd START with cyclists ? ]
In fact , after Alice Swanson 's death , many comments on the Washington Post , DCist and elsewhere mentioned that something like this was bound to happen because of the illegal manner in which most cyclists ride .
Despite the fact that there is no indication that she did anything illegal .
[ Update : she did n't do anything wrong , though the police report claims the cause of the crash was excessive speed by the cyclist .
She was going well under the speed limit and the driver admits never seeing her , though she was in a bike lane with a green light . ]
Which leads to what I call " The Myth of the Scofflaw Cyclist " .
Now then , I 'm not trying to claim that cyclists do n't break the law .
Let me state clearly and upfront , they do .
What I 'm saying is that there is nothing unique about the frequency with which cyclists as a class break the law when compared with drivers or pedestrians .
And even if cyclists broke the law more flagrantly than others , this would not negate the need to share the road .
Hello ?
Kettle ?
You 're Black !
Implicit in all of these types of comments is that drivers ( and sometimes pedestrians ) constitute the law - abiding sections of society , but these scofflaw cyclists - with their Lycra - clad arrogance ( you have to mention arrogance or self - righteousness for it to count ) - are a menace to society .
Let 's knock that down first .
Many drivers break the law .
I would almost be willing to say that every driver breaks the law , but let 's stick with many .
How ?
First of all , they speed .
Driver compliance with speed limits is poor .
On average , 7 out of 10 motorists exceeded the posted speed in urban areas .
Compliance ranged from 3 to 99 percent .
Compliance tended to be worse on low - speed roads , better on roads with prima facie limits , or where the speed limit was based on an engineering study .
Better does not mean good compliance ; less than 10 percent on [ sic ] the sites had more than 50 - percent obedience with the posted speed
In DC , speed cameras were set up at several locations .
They recorded 170 infractions per hour ( that 's one every 21 seconds for all you poli- sci majors ) .
And they run red lights
From August 1999 through May 2008 , the automated red - light enforcement program has , at 49 locations , resulted in 741,780 notices of infraction .
And stop signs
The overall compliance rate for stop signs was 22.8 per 100 vehicles , ranging from 1.4 per 100 for bicycles to 46.2 per 100 for commuter vans .
Compliance increased to 53 per 100 vehicles when pedestrians were present in the crosswalk .
[ WC : Okay , we 're both guilty here , but the cars are n't even stopping half the time .
More on this below . ]
They illegally park
There were 1.67 million parking tickets written last year , up from 1.3 million in 2001 , according to statistics provided by the D.C. Department of Public Works ( DPW ) .
They double park and park in the bike lane .
They ignore toll booths
Court records show that among the first cases in Fairfax County last week , five motorists each had fines topping $ 10,000 .
A dozen more face penalties higher than $ 4,000 .
They drive drunk and distracted , this being a mere drop in the bucket .
Through October , officers issued 9,484 tickets this year to motorists driving with a cell phone in their hand , according to police statistics .
The number of citations already issued this year is 13 percent more than the 8,358 issued last year .
In 2005 , police issued 7,523 ...
Drive aggressively
During the Smooth Operator campaign waves of July , August and September , officers are assigned to target speeding and other forms of aggressive driving .
They issue lots of tickets : Almost three million since the campaign began in 1997 .
and hit - and - run .
Townsend said , explaining why far more [ hit and run ] incidents were recorded in Maryland ( 19,311 ) last year than in Virginia ( 6,757 ) .
[ 1500 of these every year are fatal ]
Pedestrians , of course , jaywalk .
My point is n't that two wrongs make a right or that drivers are worse than cyclists .
My point is that it 's hypocritical to call your neighbor rude , because his loud stereo makes it difficult for you to focus on your backyard chainsaw sculpting .
Do you think I do n't know the law ?
Was n't it me who wrote it ?
And this man has broken the law .
Riding on the road , riding on the sidewalk , riding in a traffic lane when a bike lane is present , riding on the road when a bike trail is present , riding in the middle of the lane , riding two abreast , riding without a helmet , riding too slow , holding up traffic , riding through a crosswalk , lane splitting , passing on the right , locking up a bike to street furniture , riding without brake lights ...
What do all of these things have in common ?
I 've heard or seen each held up as an example of cyclists ' disregard for the law .
And they 're all legal ( not in every circumstance , I note ) .
Some are ill - advised perhaps , but all legal .
And cyclists know this .
Cyclists in general know the law better than drivers ( although Mike Debonis over at Washington City Paper is unsure about lane - splitting and sidewalk riding .
Both are legal Mike ) .
And better than the police even .
So much of the myth stems not from willful disregard for the law by cyclists , but rampant ignorance of the law by drivers .
Are you crazy , my brother could be coming the other way
As I said before , cyclists do break the law .
There is no denying that .
Merriam - Webster defines scofflaw as " a contemptuous law violator " .
Do cyclists break the law with contempt ?
Perhaps , but no more so than drivers or pedestrians .
Sometimes cyclists break the law in the exact same ways that drivers do .
They fail to signal .
They fail to yield the right of way ( especially to pedestrians - the three foot safe passing distance rule goes both ways ) .
They catch an " orange " light .
Etc ...
Sometimes cyclists break the law in different ways than drivers do .
Some cyclists ride at night without proper lighting .
Some ride against traffic .
Both of these are , IMO , ill - advised .
[ Though London is looking at making the second of these legal ]
But the two biggies are red light and stop sign running .
This is the most frequent criticism and the one that really gets the blood to boil .
As mentioned above , cyclists run stop signs at much greater frequency than drivers do and I 'm sure the same is true of lights .
I once heard Eric Gilliland of WABA on NPR asked the question " What can we do to get cyclists to obey stop lights ? "
He gave a very non-confrontational answer , saying it was a problem , and that WABA supports education and such .
But Gilliland never really answered it , and I think the true answer is " Nothing . "
There is no engineering fix and probably no education fix ( Let 's face it , most jaybikers are experienced , well - informed cyclists - not that foot - droppers are n't .
Just that they 've made up their mind ) .
Enforcement would have to be off the chart , and even then would probably have little impact .
Seattle fought jaywalkers for years , writing thousands of tickets , as I recall , and finally gave up defeated .
You could ban bikes - but I can't imagine any city doing that these days .
Then someone asked Eric a variation of " Why do cyclists run red lights ? "
There are several reasons I 've heard ( safety in getting ahead of traffic and in - street sensors which do not detect cyclists , for example ) but the basic answer is a classic risk / reward scenario .
Jaybikers are calculating that the reward of keeping momentum or gaining the early start outweighs the risk of being caught or hit .
People are notoriously bad at calculating risk and reward ( sub - prime mortgage crisis anyone ? ) so I wo n't weigh in on whether they 're right or wrong , but I 'll just leave it at that 's what they 're thinking .
This , coincidentally , is the same reason why drivers and pedestrians run red lights .
Let 's talk about red - light running .
There are two types of red - light running : " catching an orange " - or running the start of a red light - which every class of users does ; and jaywalking or jaybiking - waiting for the intersection to clear and then crossing against the light - which only pedestrians and cyclists do .
Therefore , a better question is " Why do n't drivers ' jaydrive ' ? "
Is it because they love the law so much ?
Did you skip the previous section ?
It 's because their risk / reward calculation is coming up with a different answer .
And that makes sense .
In a car , you 're several feet farther back from the intersection and you 're often a foot or two lower than on a bicycle , meaning you can't see as well ( I bet those on recumbents do n't jaybike as often as those on standard bikes ) .
In a car , you 're in a soundproof enclosure , so you have no stereoscopic hearing .
And if you make a mistake you are n't as maneuverable as you would be on a bike or on your feet .
You can't just ditch to the sidewalk .
Drivers do n't jaydrive because , in their own estimation , they can't .
If they could , I 'm sure they would .
Still , that does n't explain the anger .
Drivers get - I feel - irrationally angry about this .
I wondered why for so long ; and then an anthropologist friend of mine helped me to understand .
Running a red light is so dangerous for cars that it is n't just illegal , it 's taboo .
You 're breaking a social construct .
That means people find it objectionable and abhorrent .
So if education is needed , maybe it 's needed to explain why it 's safer for cyclists to do it than for drivers .
Which goes back to the question of what can be done about jaybiking .
I said there was nothing , but that 's not true .
I 've told this story before , but here it is again .
As a college professor told it to me .
On a campus , campus planners laid out the sidewalk to a building in the shape of an L.
Students ignored the sidewalk to walk along the hypotenuse wearing a path in the grass .
The school planted hedges to " guide " them .
Students cut a rut through them .
The school put up a fence .
Students climbed over it until the fence broke .
Fed up , the school got an architect to design a fix .
She tore up the old sidewalk and laid another new one along the path .
Problem solved .
The same can be true of red lights .
The way to end jaybiking violations is to decriminalize them .
As Lee Watkins pointed out
stop lights did n't need to be invented until there were too many cars in NYC , etc. leading to something new - car accidents , making streets a place to be feared .
The purpose of all the traffic lights , signs , and lines - is to prevent CARS from running into everything else .
Idaho has changed its law - and California is considering it - to allow cyclists to treat stop signs as yield signs , and stop lights as stop signs .
This ( and the article about allowing wrong - way cycling ) is the same as moving the sidewalk .
Streetsblog argues for this - and that the way to end wrong way biking is to get rid of one - way streets .
I 'm not saying that cyclists should break the law .
Nor am I saying they should n't .
But we all know it 's safer for cyclists to run lights than it is for cars .
Should n't we evaluate the need for these laws ?
One of the best arguments for being a foot - dropper is " if bicyclists want to be respected like other vehicles , they have to obey the same rules . "
But , if the law were to change .
how many cyclists would really sit through the whole light cycle when there was no traffic anyway ?
Would this make cyclists less safe ?
Lee also talked of ' Naked Streets ' and there is a lengthy article on them in the Atlantic .
Hey jerk , do n't be a name - caller ?
I try not to be a hypocrite .
I try not to say that such - and - such action was wrong because it was illegal , but because it was dangerous .
This is a philosophy that has evolved over the three years I 've been writing this blog .
As I 've said before , I do n't care if you break the law ( like driving without a license ) ; just be safe and be courteous .
The premise that cyclists ' behavior somehow voids their right to sharing the road is indefensible .
" Well officer , I thought it was OK to hit this cyclist because several blocks back I saw another run a red light " is not something anyone could defend .
This becomes an increasingly difficult premise when one considers that , as I 've tried to point out , cyclists are n't behaving any differently than drivers or pedestrians .
They 're taking liberties with law where they think it 's safe to do so .
Right or wrong , that is what every class does .
Once we clear up this myth , we can work on the one about how cyclists bring crime .
that basket on my bike is not just for groceries , it is for the goods that I rob from people while pleasure cruising down a rail trail .
This could be harder than I thought .
The latest installment in the LEGO Thing franchise — LEGO Batman — could be heading to the iPhone , reports Pocket Gamer .
There have been earlier Java midlet versions of LEGO games - notably Star Wars II : The Original Trilogy , but it would be nice to think that theiPhone would get a proper conversion ..
The possibilities for manipulating LEGO bricks using multi - touch gestures could make for an interesting twist on the LEGO gameplay .
Even if it is just a port of the DS version , though , it should be worth checking out providing the thorny issue of lack of D - Pad is resolved .
Pocketgamer do n't mention a source for the news — hence the rumor tag — but as soon as we get more details , you shall be the first to know .
LEGO Batman goes crimefighting onto iPhone [ PocketGamer ]
Advertisement
Aug. 19 , 2008  --
A month after being diagnosed with breast cancer , actress Christina Applegate , 36 , is " 100 percent " cancer - free , she told " Good Morning America 's " Robin Roberts in an exclusive interview .
" I 'm clear .
Absolutely 100 percent clear and clean , " the star of ABC TV's " Samantha Who ? " said .
" It did not spread -- they got everything out , so I 'm definitely not going to die from breast cancer . "
But the price she paid for that peace of mind was high .
To be sure the cancer would be completely excised , and that there would be a reduced chance of it returning despite Applegate testing positive for the BRCA1 breast cancer gene , the actress opted to have both her breasts removed in an operation known as a prophylactic double mastectomy , even though cancerous lumps were only found in one breast .
" My decision , after looking at all the treatment plans that were possibilities for me , the only one that seemed the most logical and the one that was going to work for me was to have a bilateral mastectomy , " Applegate said .
Three weeks ago , she had the dramatic operation rather than undergoing other longer - term treatments like radiation or chemotherapy .
" I did n't want to go back to the doctors every four months for testing and squishing and everything .
I just wanted to kind of get rid of this whole thing for me .
This was the choice that I made and it was a tough one . "
Though she will be undergoing breast reconstruction surgery over the next eight months , Applegate said the emotional toll has been heavy .
" Sometimes , you know , I cry .
And sometimes I scream .
And I get really angry .
And I get really upset , you know , into wallowing in self - pity sometimes .
And I think that it 's all part of the healing , " she said .
But Applegate is healthy and calm now , due to both her unflappible sense of humor -- " I 'm going to have the best boobs in the nursing home " -- and the powerful inspiration she gained from her mother , Nancy Priddy , a repeat breast cancer survivor .
" She 's been sort of this quiet warrior in the back and has been a great support , and just telling me that I was going to be OK .
And I knew I was going to be OK .
I 've watched her , " she said .
Christina Applegate Fights Breast Cancer with Double Mastectomy
" I 've watched her have a mastectomy , and then I 've watched her go through two years of chemotherapy and eight surgeries and a hysterectomy .
I 've watched this woman survive both those things .
So , for me , there was always that sense that I was going to be OK , no matter what . "
Applegate is also going to be OK due to her own vigilance .
She started getting mammograms six years ago , after she turned 30 , and said the cancer was found through the second of two MRI tests as a follow - up from a biopsy she had last year .
" If this had been caught a year from now , or when I was 40 , I probably would n't be able to live through this , " Applegate said .
The MRI Applegate underwent , she said , is capable of seeing cells , meaning it can detect cancerous cells even before a tumor forms .
The problem for many other women , though , is that this type of MRI is expensive , and often health insurance does not cover it .
So Applegate is starting a foundation to help high - risk women meet the costs .
" It 's incredibly expensive , " she said .
" So , for me , one of the things that when this is all happened , was that I 'm putting together a program that 's going to raise money to pay for MRIs for women who are at high risk . "
Applegate defines " high - risk " as anyone who has had breast cancer in their family , or are " gene positive " for the BRCA1 gene that is linked to breast cancer .
" We 're also going to pay for the BRCA testing , because that 's very , very expensive . "
Now , with the cancer behind her and recovery ahead , Applegate is optimistic .
" You know , I really love living and I really love my life .
I knew from this moment on , it was only going to be good and that was going to be coming , " she said .
" Yea , I 'm going to face challenges , but you can't get any darker than where I 've been .
So , just knowing that in my soul gave me the strength to just say , ' I 've got to -- I have to get out there and -- and make this positive . "
" And you know , I 'm going to have cute boobs till I 'm 90 . "
Noticed this when I was reading a mag and this image was in one page .
Now the finger number 5 can't be her thumb unless she was some kind of mutant and it's on the wrong side of the lollypop .
It 's pretty mindboggling that " errors " like this can happen and go all the way through print in projects as colossal as GTAIV .
Feel free to post other marketing fuck - ups and such .
Christian Bracht , head of the photo archives , Bildarchiv Foto Marburg , said : " This is a spectacular and unique set of photographs which shows us for the first time the scale of the destruction .
They are not photographs of industrial sites or transport infrastructure so we know their purpose was not military , rather they were meant for propaganda and reconstruction purposes .
Cult of Scientology Conspired to Destroy Skeptic Organization CSICOP
Posted by RB on May 4 , 2008 · 7 Comments
In the late 1970s , the Cult of Scientology conspired to discredit and silence the Committee for Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal , CSICOP , an organization headed by world - renowned Humanist leader Paul Kurtz , who also heads the Center For Inquiry .
The 1977 order from the top level of the “ Church ” of Scientology outlining the plan , entitled Program : Humanist Humiliation , was released by the Washington court that convicted nine US Scientology leaders – including Mary Sue Hubbard , wife of cult founder L. Ron Hubbard – of being active in a conspiracy to steal confidential government documents ( i.e. , Operation : Snow White ) .
The ultimate goal of the program : to “ handle terminately ” ( i.e. , to destroy ) the publication of Zetetic , which is now known as The Skeptical Inquirer , and CSICOP “ so that they never attack Scientology or Dianetics again ” .
The methods : Scientology ’s Guardian ’s Office ( now called the Office of Special Affairs , which functions as the cult ’s internal CIA / police service ) would , through press relations and espionage , spread rumors that CSICOP was a front organization of the CIA put in place to discredit any and all psychic phenomena in order to keep this subject under CIA control , and to stop paranormal research outside of the CIA .
Precise operations would include :
Forging a memo on CIA stationary and leaking it to selected people , including news media figures .
The court documents include a report that this order was in fact carried out – a copy of a memo under CIA letterhead with the statement that it had been sent to the New York Times , broadcaster - columnist Jack Anderson and others .
A dozen or more Scientologists write letters ( samples were included ) as private individuals to known anti-Scientologists of CSICOP worded so as to elicit anti-religious statements .
These statements would then be sent to leaders of recognized churches to indicate that CSICOP was working against them and that it advocated the “ deprogramming ” of their followers .
The CSICOP , however , does not investigate theological or philosophical beliefs , accept in the cases where practitioners claim that their methods are scientifically valid .
The orders would be carried out covertly so as not to be traceable back to Scientology .
At some point Paul Kurtz managed to obtain a phony letter typed on authentic CSICOP letter head with a forged Kurtz signature .
The forgery was addressed from Kurtz to a contributor , and worded so as to turn serious parapsychology researchers against CSICOP .
Furthermore , Kurtz claimed in an interview that at least one CSICOP critic had suggested in a published article that CSICOP is linked to the CIA .
Why the CoS attack on CSICOP ?
Scientology ’s attack on the committee was rooted in CSICOP members giving little credence to the pseudoscientific claims being made by LRH and his followers .
CSICOP ’s first publication was released just before the “ Church ” officially formulated its attack .
This inaugural publication included an article by British Sociologist Roy Wallis , which was an excerpt from a book he had written based on extensive research into Dianetics , LRH ’s disingenuously sub-named “ modern science of mental health ” .
Wallis ’ article stated that Dianetics , which LRH claimed to be based on scientific research , had been rejected by the medical , psychiatric and psychological professions , “ appart from numerous marginal , limited and quasi- medical converts . ”
In his article , Wallis noted help he had received from University of Toronto professor John Lee .
Lee was sued by Scientologists .
Later on , confidential documents of Lee ’s along with relevant documents stolen from the Health Ministry ’s files from a project Lee had conducted for the Ministry regarding faith healing turned up in the US court documents .
Translation :
As a part of Operation : Snow White , the Cult of Scientology stole private documents of Lee and hte Health Ministry .
For more on Scientology , click here .
Dr Aribert Heim
Heim , who ranks alongside Mengele as one of the most reviled Nazis , was thought to have died until , in 2005 , bank documents suggested he was alive , possibly in Chile .
Heim , 94 , murdered hundreds of Jews at Mauthausen concentration camp in 1941 by subjecting them to his " experiments " .
Omar al - Bashir
Sudan 's President came to power in an Islamist - backed coup in 1989 .
This month , the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court accused Al - Bashir , 64 , of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur , where more than 250,000 people have died since 2003 .
Ratko Mladic
Karadzic 's right - hand man , Ratko Mladic was the Bosnian Serb military commander .
Mladic , 65 , is accused of conspiring to massacre 7,500 men and boys in Srebrenica in 1995 .
The pair are also indicted for the siege of Sarajevo , which left 10,000 dead .
Mladic has been in hiding since 2001 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Joseph Kony
As leader of Uganda 's notorious rebel Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , Kony , 46 , has been called bandit , terrorist , prophet and madman .
He wants to rule according to the Ten Commandments , yet the LRA has abducted girls to be sex slaves and boys killers .
Wanted for crimes against humanity .
Bosco Ntaganda
The ICC issued an arrest warrant in 2006 for Congolese warlord Ntaganda .
As a leader in the rebel Patriotic Forces for the Liberation of the Congo ( FPLC ) , Ntaganda , 35 , is accused of conscripting child soldiers and taking part in FPLC attacks in which an estimated 50,000 people were killed .
... and five facing trial
Thomas Lubanga
Lubanga , 47 , who led a militia in the Democratic Republic of Congo , was arrested in 2005 following the murder of nine UN peacekeepers , and again on a charge of enlisting children .
He has been on trial at The Hague but could walk free , over the prosecution 's stance on witnesses .
Mengistu Haile Mariam
When the former Ethiopian president fled his country in 1991 , he left a land ravaged by famine .
Mengistu , now 71 , is held responsible for the deaths of thousands of Ethiopians during the 1970s .
This year , he was sentenced to death in absentia in Ethiopia but remains exiled in Zimbabwe .
Charles Taylor
Taylor , 60 , started Liberia 's civil war as a warlord in 1989 , before being elected president in 1997 .
He faces charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity for his alleged role in the civil war in neighbouring Sierra Leone .
His presidency ended in 2003 and he is on trial in The Hague .
Kaing Guek Eav ( ' Duch ' )
The former head of interrogations at Phnom Penh 's notorious Tuol Sleng jail is one of five former Khmer Rouge figures still on trial in Cambodia .
Pol
Pot 's regime is blamed for the deaths of 1.7 million people .
Pot died in 1998 and the remaining targets are becoming increasingly frail .
Jean - Pierre Bemba
The magnate and former Democratic Republic of Congo warlord was arrested near Brussels this year .
Bemba , who is about 45 , is charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes as head of a militia that allegedly committed atrocities in the Central African Republic in 2002 - 03 .
After GM first introduced the Chevy Volt concept in January 2007 , there was a lot of ire and skepticism from the former EV - 1 crowd .
Most vocal among them was Doug Korthoff who appeared in the filmDoug has since filled the web with extensive anti-GM rhetoric and used to make appearances on this site .
He and I had a chance to meet in LA last year as well , quite cordially .
In response to an article in the LA Times outlining the Big 3 automakers financial difficulties , Doug has reappeared with a letter to the editor that he copied to GM vice - chair Bob Lutz . " GM has been seriously looking for options for getting more fuel - efficient cars on the market quickly , because there is some question about its financial health after 2008 .
Rebranding foreign cars has become more expensive as the dollar falls .
GM has proposed producing the VOLT , described as an Electric car with a range - extender , but it is n't planned for earlier than 2011 , and it depends on Lithium batteries which do n't yet exist .
There is one option GM has not considered , which would turn things around , both in image and in reality .
GM could resume production of the 1999 EV1 , using Panasonic lead - acid batteries .
These were leased in Arizona in 2000 , and regularly attained a range of over 100 miles on a charge .
Resumption of production would be simple ; the EV1 plant is empty , the former assembly workers have been laid off and are idly drawing " jobs bank " salaries , the batteries are available off - the - shelf in any quantities over 1000 , and the design is proven successful .
Production of the EV1 does not depend on an expensive product design cycle , new engineering , questionable battery testing and recalls ; it 's a proven winner .
This is the GM car that fans watched over in a rain - plagued vigil for 28 days .
Here 's an example where would - be purchasers clamored for a chance to buy GM products , hoping for the faint chance that GM would sell six - year - old used versions for $ 25,000 cash .
Supposedly , GM is now bemoaning the lack of enthusiasm for its current products ; why not re-activate the EV1 fan club , recharge the excitement of the " 21st century test pilot " GM fans , and turn GM around ?
Spend scarce engineering dollars on new versions of the EV1 : four - passenger , pickups , serial hybrid with range - extender ; but the current version could be in showrooms in six months .
If GM had re-started the EV1 line , instead of starting design work on the VOLT , the EV1 would already be generating revenue right now .
Fresh off the assembly line , these cars would sell for no less than $ 35,000 , perhaps as much as $ 50,000 or more .
But the morale value would be even greater .
Revival of the EV1 would quiet GM 's critics , make GM some money , and attract new customers as well as increase floor traffic for other models .
New and improved versions of the basic Electric car , year after year , would expand GM 's footprint on the world market , leveraging scarce investment dollars , maximizing profit and leading the way forward .
And we could say once again that our cars were " made in America and fueled by American Electrons " .
Is it a measure of GM 's past failure that resumption of EV1 production is not even under consideration ?
"
" The EV will not meet any current safety laws .
Putting a version into production that meets regulations would put us out to ’ 11 or ’ 12 .
They cost us well over $ 80,000 to produce , and , being a two - seater , we could only sell 800 in four years .
We lost over one billion dollars on that experiment .
I do n't know why you insist that lithium - ion does n't exist .
We are getting packs from our suppliers , they test well in both hot and cold , they store the energy as claimed , we are fast - cycling them to make sure they last , we are doing high - temp , high - load testing with the cooling system shut down and are experiencing no thermal problems .
Trust me , the battery will not delay the car .
" Source ( LA Times ) and thanks to our reader KFO18 for Doug 's letter .
Want to Model ?
MTV Show Says Weight Loss is Key MTV's " Model Maker " may send the wrong message to girls about weight loss .
Aug. 21 , 2008  --
For young women pining for a chance to strut down a runway , a new reality show on MTV may give them the chance to do just that -- but only if the wannabe models are willing to shed at least 30 pounds in exchange for a shot at fame .
But just how much the show 's contestants may have to lose in order to increase their chances of becoming a model has already angered many body image experts and even obesity experts -- all of whom worry that this show may be the latest detrimental message sent to an already weight - obsessed generation of young girls .
" Anything more than 25 pounds in 12 weeks is really overstepping the boundaries , " said obesity expert Keith Ayoob of the show 's promise to help the aspiring models lose as much as 80 pounds in three months .
The casting call for the " Model Maker , " which began auditions earlier this month , promises future contestants that a role on the show will help them achieve their dreams of appearing on a real catwalk .
Women auditioning for the show have to provide MTV with their bust measurements , dress size and must be ready and willing to " sweat off the pounds " in order to be transformed into a well - groomed fashion model .
" MTV is looking for girls willing to shed the pounds ( 30 - 80 lbs ) , become a model and win $ 100,000 ! " reads the casting call announcement on MTV's Web site .
" We are looking for girls with a great attitude , a pretty face and the endurance to sweat off the pounds during a 3 month boot camp style show , " the announcement reads .
The casting call also asks for potential contestants to submit a laundry list of other specifics -- including waist and hip measurements and their weight -- and also requires applicants be between 5 foot 6 inches and 6 feet in height who " appear " to be between 18 and 25 years old .
And for the woman who outlasts the other 14 contestants through a myriad elimination challenges , a prize package will be hers -- including $ 100,000 in prize money , a modeling portfolio and a personal trainer .
At a casting call in Kansas City , Mo. , one aspiring model hopeful told ABCNews.com that she hopes to lose 30 pounds if she 's chosen to be on the show .
Paige Renfrow , a 5 feet 11 inch 200 pound high school student , said she considers herself to be " pretty " and while she is n't " obsessed with beauty " would still like to lose some weight .
Like many of the contestants waiting in line to audition , Renfrow said she has dreamed of becoming a model since she was a little girl , when she would try on her mother 's clothes and get her parents to photograph her .
Despite repeated attempts by ABCNews.com to solicit a comment from MTV , the network declined to elaborate and said it would have more information about the program later this fall .
While casting call dates have been scheduled around the country , the show has not yet been given the green light for taping .
A spokeswoman at MTV said that the decision to go ahead and tape a series will depend on the results of the auditions .
Casting Call Encourages Wannabe Models to Diet , Watch Their Weight
For the young girls already hooked to all things MTV thanks to the skyrocketing popularity of the network 's other reality shows like " The Hills , " a show such as " Model Makers " may not only be a source of entertainment but also a vehicle promoting unhealthy dieting habits .
" You can get very caught up in these shows -- especially young girls who are still building their self - esteem , " said Leslie Goldman , the author of " Locker Room Diaries : The Naked Truth About Women , Body Image . "
" These girls want to be pretty and on television , and this show gives them the opportunity , " said Goldman .
" But there is a clause :
They have to drop a lot of weight . "
Goldman , who said that she respects a lot of MTV 's programming that focuses on teen issues -- such as " True Life , " which follows teens as they cope with issues like peer pressure and divorce -- added that she worries " Model Maker 's " time frame for weight loss is too aggressive .
" In our culture , it is a numbers game : How much do you weigh , how big is your chest and how slim can you get your hips ? " said Goldman .
" If a woman has a dream of being a model , it 's feasible that she could lose weight and do it -- but not necessarily in three months . "
Having struggled with weight issues as a teen , Goldman said that she 's also concerned that young girls trying out for the show may be hurt by casting directors telling them that they 'll be pretty -- but only if they get rid of some excess fat .
" It 's very difficult and crushing to have someone look at you and say you 're very pretty but you'd be beautiful if you were 30 pounds lighter , " said Goldman .
" When you 're talking about losing that much weight , it sounds like health is the last thing on their minds and cosmetics is the first , " said Ayoob .
" And when you 're talking about weight loss , health should be the first priority . "
MTV Is Feeding Off Society 's Stereotypes About Beauty
For Debbie
Then , a social psychologist who specializes in women and appearance , news that another show about weight issues might materialize was n't particularly surprising .
" This show is just capitalizing on what we already know :
You can't blame them for doing it , " said Then .
" For women , the bottom line is that , cradle to grave , you have to look pretty , " said Then .
" And pretty for women and attractive for women means youthful looking and thin . "
" I 'm not at all surprised that this show is happening or that it will be successful , " said Then .
" Unless they stop getting ratings they wo n't take these [ types of shows ] off the air . "
" These are the shows people want to watch . "
ABC News ' Jim Doblin contributed to this report .
Instead of preparing to hit the Pacific ’s wind - tossed waters next month , veteran fisherman Dave Bitts sat at the counter of a dockside restaurant on Humboldt Bay recently , mulling fate and a cloudy future .
For the first time since the birth of the West Coast fishing industry 150 years ago , Bitts and other fishermen face a season without salmon .
Federal regulators , worried about sagging runs up and down the coast , agreed Thursday to cancel this year ’s commercial and recreational catch of chinook -- the prized king salmon of the fish market -- off California and Oregon .
The ban adopted by the Pacific Fishery Management Council after a weeklong meeting in Seattle marks the new low point for a trade enshrined in the West since the Gold Rush .
Advertisement
An aborted season will wallop coastal communities in which salmon has long been a financial and cultural mainstay .
Repercussions are expected to ripple out , with the ban hurting not just fuel docks and tackle stores but also supermarkets and truck dealerships .
In California , commercial salmon fishing is a $ 150 - million business .
Hardest hit will be full - time fishermen like Bitts , a gray - bearded Stanford graduate who three decades ago chucked plans to follow his family into teaching .
He preferred the sea .
Like most North Coast fishermen , a hearty but shrinking brotherhood scattered in harbor towns like Fort Bragg , Bodega Bay and Santa Cruz , Bitts depends on the salmon catch for more than half his income .
Advertisement
After the last two dismal salmon seasons , he and other commercial fishermen knew 2008 would be bad .
The Sacramento River has in recent years been the West Coast ’s spawning powerhouse .
While other rivers suffered , it became the backbone of the industry , with a productive run that reliably dispatched enough fish into the Pacific to keep the commercial fleet afloat and sport fishermen happy .
But lately the number of chinook returning to the river has been dropping .
Scientists now predict that fewer than half the fish needed to ensure a sustainable population will return this fall .
Given these bleak realities , Bitts and many other fishermen are greeting the ban as a grim necessity for a livelihood that depends on the fickle nexus of Mother Nature and mankind .
Advertisement
“ Going fishing this year would be like a farmer eating his seed corn , ” Bitts said .
“ For a sliver of a season and a tiny catch , it ’s not worth it . ”
Federal regulators approved a truncated salmon season for Washington and allowed a 9,000 - fish catch of hatchery - raised coho salmon off central Oregon .
A normal season in the West is long and prosperous , running from May to October , with more than 800,000 fish caught off California and Oregon .
This year the season ended before it started .
Advertisement
“ Fishermen are born with an extra helping of hope , ” Bitts said .
“ But I never had much hope for this season . ”
Now he and other fishermen are pushing hard for financial help and for the government to find a way to fix what ails the salmon .
Last week , Bitts and half a dozen peers flew to Washington to lobby for disaster relief .
They warned that the economic hit they will take this year will eclipse that of 2006 , when a sharply curtailed season required more than $ 60 million in federal aid to keep the commercial fleet from sinking in red ink .
The fishermen also are aggressively promoting potential solutions -- such as better practices at hatcheries that raise juvenile salmon and environmental fixes for the ecologically challenged Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta .
Advertisement
Federal scientists have laid much of the blame for the salmon slump on shifting ocean conditions and a flagging offshore food chain , possibly brought on by global warming .
But fishermen contend that there are other culprits .
“ We ’ve come to the conclusion there are a whole bunch of smoking guns , ” said Duncan MacLean , a Half Moon Bay angler representing fishermen at this week ’s meeting .
Factors as unexpected as bridge construction -- in particular the underwater noise caused by pile - driving tower supports -- may have impeded tiny juveniles venturing to sea , MacLean said .
The fishermen also see trouble in long - enshrined hatchery practices .
Advertisement
A federal hatchery in the state ’s far north releases baby salmon right into the upper reaches of the Sacramento River for a perilous 250 - mile journey out to sea .
Studies have found that in some years just 2 % survived the trip , said MacLean , who believes the fish should travel by truck .
State hatcheries do haul juveniles by truck , dumping them beyond the delta near the entry to San Francisco Bay .
The fish have traditionally been placed first in floating “ net pens ” to ease their adjustment to a predatory world .
By 2005 , however , the pens had fallen into such disrepair that state crews stopped bothering to use them .
When the juvenile salmon were dumped into the bay , “ it was like having a neon dinner sign up , ” Bitts said .
Little fish quickly fell prey to sea gulls and striped bass , he said .
Chastened , the state resumed use of the pens last year .
But the 800 - pound gorilla remains the troubled delta .
The state ’s biggest estuary saw a marked decline in several fish species as water exports ballooned , peaking in 2005 at more than 6 million acre-feet .
The pumps are so strong they can suck up fish , including migrating juvenile salmon .
Advertisement
Salmon may be benefiting this year from a federally ordered pumping cutback intended to protect the tiny delta smelt .
Bitts and other fishermen want permanent cutbacks in the water exported to Southern California cities and San Joaquin Valley farmers .
They are pushing for the state to meet future water needs with conservation , recycling , increased groundwater storage and bolder efforts at desalinization .
They would like to see Central Valley farmers shift away from water - intensive crops , and they want regulators to crack down on pesticides that taint delta water .
Salmon are survivors , Bitts said .
They can rebound .
But they need help .
“ It ’s painful to watch what ’s happening , ” he said .
“ To the fish and the fisherman . ”
Advertisement
--
eric.bailey@latimes.com
You must be nicer to Muslims , Britain is told by UN human rights chiefs
Britain was told yesterday by a United Nations committee to take firm action to combat ' negative public attitudes ' towards Muslims .
The nine - member human rights committee also criticised some of the UK 's antiterror measures .
The body , which is composed of legal experts , said it was concerned ' negative public attitudes towards Muslim members of society ' continued to develop in Britain .
Be nice : Britain has been told to take firm action and combat negative public attitudes towards Muslims
The Government ' should take energetic measures to eliminate this phenomenon and ensure that authors of such acts of discrimination on the basis of religion are adequately deterred and sanctioned ' .
The committee expressed concern over the Government 's plans to extend pre-trial detention of terrorist suspects from 28 to 42 days .
Suspects should be brought to court ' within a reasonable period of time , or released ' .
Those suspected of being involved in terrorism and subject to control orders and curfews limiting their movements should be ' promptly charged with a criminal offence ' and their lawyers given access to the evidence against them , it added .
The committee also called on the Irish Republic to open up its largely Roman Catholic primary school system to secular - education .
It said Dublin ' should take measures to help women avoid unwanted pregnancies so that they do not have to resort to illegal or unsafe abortions ' .
The committee made its comments in response to reports from the UK and Ireland on how they were carrying out their obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights .
The committee has members from Britain , Ireland , Australia , Benin , Colombia , Ecuador , Egypt , Mauritius and Sweden .
They are expected to be independent of their governments .
WordPress introduces the WordPress Application for iPhone .
WordPress for iPhone is an Open Source Application for WordPress users to upload and write posts on their WordPress Blog .
This application is for FREE !!
so better grab your WordPress on iPhone now !
click here to download !
This is really a useful application specially for those bloggers .
I may not have an iPhone but for sure this is another killer application by WordPress .
I hope they ’ll support not just iPhone , but most of the mobile phones .
For more information about this application you might check WordPress for iPhone website .
Many people are in love with the unique design and the natural color of the gemstone on jewelry .
Due to its amazing clarity , it is absolutely an eye catcher for both men and women .
You can see them on rings , necklaces and pendants , bracelets , earrings .
The rarer the stone is ; the more valuable and worthy it is , accompanied with a jewel of your choice .
To be more attractive in a special event and even every day , people wear jewelries no matter the age and the gender .
To put more style and worth in their jewels , they add precious stone .
Thus , gemstone jewelry elevates our looks and embellish all our creations .
Meaning of some precious stones on jewelry
Have you ever thought the definition of your favorite gemstone ?
Want to know more about what does mean the gemstone in your jewelry ?
Here you can find the most precious gemstone in the world and its meaning .
Each stone is unique and exceptional .
Diamond - it means a power in perfection ; symbol of faithfulness , love , purity , innocence , loving relationship ; that is the reason why diamond are used in our engagement rings and wedding bands .
In addition , it also takes an important role in our body .
In fact , diamond allows the mind and the body to work together in order to purify and clean your mind , body and soul .
Learn more about diamond here
Emerald - this crystal is one of the most beautiful green - colored stones in the world .
In particular , it represents mercy , compassion , universal love , manifestation , youthfulness and rejuvenation .
It is known as the stone of the heart .
Besides , the energy of this gemstone will inspire you to live in a more peaceful , charitable , compassionate and loving way .
Then , wearing jewelry with an emerald will reduce eyesore , digestive problems , Parkinson ’s disease , depression , paranoia , inflammation , and back problems .
Learn more about Emerald here
Ruby - ruby comes from a Latin word “ ruber ” ; which means red ; it is the most precious of gemstone by the bible .
It is believed that rubies ameliorate motivation and settings goals , it gives individuals positive mind , clear visualization , courage and strength .
Not only they detoxify the body and blood but also they treat many human diseases like fevers , Learn more about ruby here
Sapphire - it is common knowledge that sapphires represent holiness , wisdom , worth and good fortune .
In term of relationship , giving your partner sapphire jewelry symbolizes fidelity , sincerity and everlasting love .
Moreover , bringing sapphire jewelry ameliorates our mental and physical health .
In fact , this kind of blue stone can cure for insomnia , vertigo , thyroid problems , disorders of the nervous system and blood .
Learn more about saphirre here
Alexandrite - this gemstone is known as a crystal healing such as inner ear problems , clear the lymph system and decrease disorders related to the blood .
It will give you strength , creative mind , courage , hope and improve your imagination .
It is advisable that people who are recovering from surgery or from long illness have to wear alexandrite jewelry .
Love and relationship , this stone promote love and romance
Amethyst - above all , amethyst help people who wear it to sweep addictive behaviors such as drunkenness and overindulgence .
It is a natural soother , natural anti-stress , anti-insomnia .
Not only that , it also inspires and increases spirituality .
You can find peace , stability and calm by wearing amethyst as jewel .
Learn more about amethyst here
Blue Topaz - studies show that topaz brings happiness , generosity , wealth and good fortune .
The name topaz means fire .
It will recreate your self - confidence and motivate you to learn new things .
Actually , Topaz is said to cure rheumatism and relax soreness in the joints .
This stone has the power to help you to love yourself , your partner and your friends .
Learn more about blue topaz here
The world has many natural stones to offer us ; industries exploit and cut them to answer our needs .
To give you some ideas , here are other stones that fit well in jewelry : opal , tanzanite , garnet , jade , amber , turquoise , fluorite , onyx , rose quartz
So what are the benefits of wearing jewelry containing gemstones ?
Generally , wearing one of these precious fine stones or other natural stone on definitely helps you to have a better life since it affects health , fortune , love and relationships .
In fact , it cures and prevents many human diseases .
Not only does it improve physical health but also mental health .
Some of them have the power to bring you luck that make you rich and wealthy according to your astrological sign .
In addition , stone jewelry allow you to love yourself and others , help you to have better relationships .
All fine stone jewelry can be worn at any time by anyone .
The more you wear stone jewelry , the more stylish you are and the better life you have .
Cost of stone jewelry
When it comes to jewels and the value of the gems with them , it is challenging to definite their prices since it depends to the interaction of various factors like color , weight , size , rarity and purity .
Despite this fact , we can guarantee that jewels with one of the stone mentioned above ( diamond , ruby , sapphire , emerald , alexandrite , amethyst , topaz ) are valued and expensive .
The better the stone is , the more expensive the fin stone jewelry is .
As we reference earlier , the prices can change depending to the type of jewelry ( ring , necklace , pendant , earrings … ) and too many characters .
How to know if stones on jewelry are real or fake ?
Finding the real gemstone is a little bit hard and confusing due to the different price and similar appearance but you can find a confident and credible seller who can tell you the truth about gemstone .
Pay attention to the real color , shape and design .
Fake ones may have scratches , nicks or bubbles on them because they have been treated in many ways to beautify their appearance .
When you buy fine stone jewelry , go shopping everywhere to compare the gemstones and jewelry alongside .
It is vital that you ask for verification from appreciated laboratory before paying a big amount of money .
Or go to a professional jeweler to review your stone .
It is also a great way to know if the gem is real or not .
Apart from that , there are some natural way to discover if the gemstone on your jewel is real or not .
Let us take the example of diamond , how to know if diamond is real .
Start by putting it in front of your month then fog it up with your breath .
If the fog stays in the diamond for a few seconds , we can conclude that it is a fake one .
It is important to know that real diamond do not fog up easily .
Another tip ; we can also test diamond by using the sunlight , the inside of the real diamond twinkle white and gray in the sunlight however , the outside take the color of a rainbow .
If it is not the case , the diamond is genuine .
Now , let us verify a ruby ; which is known as the most valuable colored gemstone .
In particular , real rubies are completely hard so the purpose is to try to scratch its surface .
Grind a coin into the surface of the ruby , if scratches appear , we can see that it is not a good one .
For your information , only diamond is able to scratch a ruby .
You may ask where you can find out fine stone jewelry .
You can find them in jewelry store , but you can also make it by your own if you have enough material .
th , 2008 at 7:22 pm :
Ohio9 ,
regardless of what they say on this board , examiner 's DO NOT care who gets hired .
They do not make the hiring decision and have no ( for the most part ) vested interest in who gets the job .
They are simply looking for those that can report information , like on the pre-employment process , then test for truthfulness .
People here make it seem that we take pleasure in keeping people out .
I am gleefully happy with those who are truthful and pass , rather than fail .
I want people to get the job they want , but they will have to be truthful to do so .
( Now , be forwarned , my above " I do not care " statement will again be taken out of context as if I " do not care " ; period !
Not accurately applied to the context in which I made the statement .
But , ignorance does begat ignorance ... )
" See Sackett does n't care , Sackett does n't care ... "
Jim , what polygraphers evidently do not to care about is the plight of those whom they wrongly brand as liars , or whom they falsely accuse of using countermeasures .
I do n't think any polygraph examiner wants to make false accusations against innocent persons .
But given polygraphy 's lack of scientific underpinnings , it 's inevitably going to happen -- and more frequently than polygraphers care to acknowledge .
I think that if most polygraph examiners took a candid and critical look at what it is they are doing , they could not in good conscience continue in this line of work .
So instead , they delude themselves about it : they dismiss the National Academy of Sciences as a bunch of know - nothing eggheads , they attribute bad motives to polygraph critics , and they avoid critical thinking and the asking of troubling questions about what it is they do for a living .
Quote :
Lethe has a bad habit of assuming he knows what examiners care about or feel ; all , because it suits his warped observations of polygraph .
Truly a sadly misguided individual ...
Lethe exhibits a deeper understanding of polygraphy than any practitioner of this fraudulent profession .
Quote :
George will tell you that we , as examiner 's have no proven ability to detect countermeasures , all the while not idetifiying any ability for the readers of his book to use them effectively , then when we are able to identify countermeasurse effectively has to modify his book to avoid those areas which may come back to haunt them .
What you 're referring to is the fact that we no longer suggest contraction of the anal sphincter muscle as a countermeasure , in view of the increasing use of pneumatic or , more commonly in recent years , piezo - electric seat pads used in an attempt to detect and deter such countermeasures .
While there are no scientific studies regarding the effectiveness of any of such these devices for the detection of countermeasures , it seems plausible that they might work , and given the ready availability of other countermeasure techniques that clearly cannot be detected by such seat pads , it seems prudent to use them , instead .
Quote :
How many readers have successfully employed countermeasures and " beat the examiner " to get what they want ?
Do n't know ?
NO EXAMINEE HAS EVER PROVEN THE ABILITY TO USE OR EMPLOY COUNTERMEASURES SUCCESSFULLY , AS TAUGHT IN HIS BOOK .
Not so .
In peer - reviewed studies by Honts and others , half of test subjects were able to fool the polygraph after a maximum of only 30 minutes of instruction .
The countermeasures taught ( including tongue - biting and mentally counting backward by 7s timely with the asking of the control / comparison questions ) were similar to those outlined in The Lie Behind the Lie Detector .
Citations and abstracts for these studies are provided in the bibliography of TLBTLD .
Quote :
Cullen , on the other hand is a simple minded angry man who has taken it upon himself to sarcastically attack polygraph whenever the opportunity presents itself .
His comments assist polygraph , more than hurt .
It should not surprise you that those who have been falsely accused of deception based on the pseudoscientific quackery that you practice for a living might respond with sarcasm when polygraphers pontificate about such matters as honesty and integrity .
Quote :
Ohio9 , you are reading a very slanted board .
Take all information put here and consider it from the point of origin ( to include mine ) , then make up you own mind .
You say this is a " very slanted board ? ! "
How about
Of course each individual should make up his or her own mind for him - or herself .
And they should do so upon full consideration of the evidence .
That 's why the AntiPolygraph.org message board , unlike your one , is uncensored .
We do n't fear debate .
We welcome it .
Quote :
Many examiners are sensitive to countermeasures not for any other reason than that they interfere with the process and prevent us from doing our job accurately and for the examinee in the chair , at the time .
That job is simply to find the truth of the matter , nothing more .
It seems that some polygraphers are sensitive to countermeasures to the point of seeing them where they do n't exist .
sackett wrote on Apr 28 , 2008 at 7:22 pm: Jim , what polygraphers evidently do not to care about is the plight of those whom they wrongly brand as liars , or whom they falsely accuse of using countermeasures .
I do n't think any polygraph examiner wants to make false accusations against innocent persons .
But given polygraphy 's lack of scientific underpinnings , it 's inevitably going to happen -- and more frequently than polygraphers care to acknowledge .
I think that if most polygraph examiners took a candid and critical look at what it is they are doing , they could not in good conscience continue in this line of work .
So instead , they delude themselves about it : they dismiss the National Academy of Sciences as a bunch of know - nothing eggheads , they attribute bad motives to polygraph critics , and they avoid critical thinking and the asking of troubling questions about what it is they do for a living .
Lethe exhibits a deeper understanding of polygraphy than any practitioner of this fraudulent profession .
What you 're referring to is the fact that we no longer suggest contraction of the anal sphincter muscle as a countermeasure , in view of the increasing use of pneumatic or , more commonly in recent years , piezo - electric seat pads used in an attempt to detect and deter such countermeasures .
While there are no scientific studies regarding the effectiveness of any of such these devices for the detection of countermeasures , it seems plausible that they might work , and given the ready availability of other countermeasure techniques that clearlybe detected by such seat pads , it seems prudent to use them , instead .
Not so .
In peer - reviewed studies by Honts and others , half of test subjects were able to fool the polygraph after aof only 30 minutes of instruction .
The countermeasures taught ( including tongue - biting and mentally counting backward by 7s timely with the asking of the control / comparison questions ) were similar to those outlined inCitations and abstracts for these studies are provided in the bibliography of It should not surprise you that those who have been falsely accused of deception based on the pseudoscientific quackery that you practice for a living might respond with sarcasm when polygraphers pontificate about such matters as honesty and integrity .
You sayis a " very slanted board ? ! "
How about PolygraphPlace.com , where you serve as a moderator , and where polygraph critics such as myself are not permitted to post ?!
Of course each individual should make up his or her own mind for him - or herself .
And they should do so upon full consideration of the evidence .
That 's why the AntiPolygraph.org message board , unlike your one , is uncensored .
We do n't fear debate .
We welcome it .
It seems that some polygraphers are sensitive to countermeasures to the point of seeing them where they do n't exist .
From this
previous post
on the economics of oil futures trading :
$ 100 Spot Price per barrel + $ 5 Carrying Cost Per Barrel = $ 105 Futures Price ( 1 year )
Now suppose that speculators anticipate rising future oil prices , due to increasing global demand in China and India , and tightening world oil supplies .
As in my previous example , let 's assume that the increased speculative futures trading raises the price of oil in the futures market to $ 110 per barrel for delivery in one year , which then also raises the spot price to $ 105 .
Q : What 's could be so beneficial about speculators trading in oil futures , especially if they are contributing to both increases in spot prices and increases in futures prices for oil ?
As Bloomberg 's Kevin Hassett
points out
, " If speculators know that the price of something is going to go up a month ( year ) from now , they buy today .
If they are correct , they make money , and the price change is smoothed by the higher demand today .
By loading up on futures , speculators pulled some of the price increase forward to today .
This change is beneficial for society , as it forces consumers to conserve sooner , and suppliers to search for new deposits . "
For example , think about what would happen if futures speculators were able to increase the futures price of oil to $ 110 , without affecting the spot price ( stays at $ 100 ) .
Consumers would then NOT conserve oil , and suppliers would NOT search for new oil .
If speculators were correct about the rising future price of oil in one year , and if consumers and producers did not change their behavior ( because the spot price did n't change ) , then it 's likely that the future price of oil would rise above $ 110 , say to $ 115 per barrel .
And that would be an increase in price volatility over time - oil prices would increase to $ 115 without speculation in one year , instead of $ 110 with speculation .
By " pulling some of the price increase forward to today " speculators then actually help stabilize oil markets over time , by moving prices in the correct direction and helping allocate resources more efficiently over time .
That is , the pain of higher spot prices today due to speculation , would be more than offset by the benefits in the long run , because behavior would change sooner to the increased scarcity of oil .
To paraphrase
Walter Williams
: " Suppose speculators are correct about future supply and demand conditions and oil will be scarcer in the future , what is the socially wise thing to do now so that more will be available in the future ?
The answer is to use less oil now .
How do you get people to voluntarily use less oil now ?
By letting the spot price today rise . "
Q : Do speculators raise spot prices and futures prices when a commodity will be scarcer in the future ?
Yes , but if a commodity like oil is expected to be less scarce and more abundant in the future , speculators would lower both spots prices today and futures prices .
It works both ways , but speculators do n't receive attention when they are lowering spot prices , only when they are raising spot prices .
Q : If oil is expected to be more ( less ) scarce in the future , is it beneficial for spot prices today to rise ( fall ) ?
Yes , and speculators help to make that happen .
A Time to Fight : Reclaiming a Fair and Just America by Jim Webb Broadway Books , 255 pp. , $ 24.95
Jim Webb , the junior senator from Virginia , who defeated the incumbent Republican George Allen in 2006 , is or has been : a best - selling author ; a screenwriter ( Rules of Engagement , and another in the works ) ; an Emmy - winning documentary producer ; the author of a large number of articles and book reviews ; an Annapolis graduate ; a boxer ( he lost a legendary and controversial championship match at Annapolis against Oliver North1 ) ; an autodidact who grew up a military man ’s son and indifferent student but on his own became a passionate reader of history ; a first lieutenant and Marine rifle platoon commander with Delta Company in Vietnam , where he won the Navy Cross for heroism ( the second - highest award in the Navy and the Marines ) , the Silver Star , two Bronze Stars , and two Purple Hearts ; a graduate of Georgetown Law School who then worked on the staff of the House Veterans Affairs Committee ; a teacher of English literature at the Naval Academy ; and an assistant secretary of defense and the n secretary of the Navy during the Reagan administration .
Webb resigned from that position after losing a long battle to block a reduction in the size of the Navy at a time when the Pentagon was under orders to cut its budget .
In The Reagan Diaries , the former president wrote , “ I do n’t think Navy was sorry to see him go . ”
Webb is a serious writer , not a politician who writes books on the side .
His first book , Fields of Fire , published in 1978 , when Webb was thirty - two , is a sweeping , unflinching novel about Vietnam featuring two of life ’s losers who signed up for lack of anything else to do .
It conveys with stark vividness , and also a touch of farce , the stench , the filth , the fear , and the bewildering unexpectedness of fighting an elusive enemy in a jungle .
Fields of Fire has often been called the best book about Vietnam and likened to the war writing of Norman Mailer and Stephen Crane .
Webb ’s identity as a writer is as important to him as his military record , if not more so .
He writes about military subjects not just because he knows them ( though his books can take him many years and numerous drafts ) but also because he has something he wants to say .
Fields of Fire , he told me recently , was “ a revisionist novel , ” written at a time when the American troops who fought in Vietnam had become targets for the anger against the war .
Webb said that in his Vietnam novel , “ people did n’t have to apologize for being there . ”
He added , “ I had a forum and I had an obligation to people who served there to make their service understood . ”
In his new book , A Time to Fight , a collection of essays , part autobiographical and part about his thoughts on politics , he describes how , after John Kerry in 1971 , upon his return from Vietnam , gave testimony before Congress that condemned American soldiers for acts of cruelty during the war , Webb refused to shake his hand for …
The Cincinnati sheriff says
No money , no jail .
Hamilton County Sheriff Simon Leis said today there is a “ very strong possibility ” he will eliminate security at the courthouse and other secure buildings and shut down entire floors at the Queensgate jail in order to comply with budget cuts .
“ It ’s a sad day , ” said Leis .
“ In my 37 years in county government , I ’ve never seen the county in such financial straits as this . ”
He also said layoffs are likely and patrol deputies will be told to park their cars for 30 minutes of each hour to save gas .
His department is being asked to trim $ 903,668 - the second largest dollar amount .
It already cut its budget 10 percent coming into 2008 , partly by closing 40 beds in its detention center .
The department that would lose the most money is the sheriff 's office at $ 2.2 million .
The county is telling 32 departments to cut their budgets by 5.96 percent for a total of $ 6.9 million .
The Board of Elections is exempt because it is required by law to spend money on certain election - related items .
Because of laws regarding the separation of powers in government , some departments , such as the courts , could file a legal challenge questioning the county 's authority to mandate the cuts .
County commissioners say the county has no choice .
Revenues are on track to be $ 12 million less than expected because of the sluggish economy .
Typically , counties can dip into their reserve fund - like a personal savings account - in hard economic times .
But Hamilton County 's reserve fund is dangerously low because of what some characterize as careless spending in previous years .
With the cuts , the reserve fund will be $ 13 million - or 5 percent of the county 's total budget - at the end of the year .
If the cuts are n't made , the county will soon be broke and may not be able to make payroll .
You Tell Me
@gspdark1 : So you 're saying that you have to be from an affluent , politically influential family to have a sense of humor , to be able to enjoy life and the company of those different than you , to be level - headed and a non-fanatic ?
I understand that she may have it easier than most , but it 's pretty awful to say that you must be living well to be a good , interesting , and worthwhile person .
I think the whole point of this episode was to show that Saudi Arabia is not a nation of Islamic fundamentalists who spend all day plotting the downfall of Israel , America and all Western influences .
It is a nation of people — people who , it seems , choose to be as religious as they are — who , like us , go to the mall , work , go to the beach , snorkel , have dinner with friends and family , and enjoy themselves .
In many way they are the same as we are , despite the fact that their lives seem foreign and strange from the outside .
Yes , Saudi Arabia has a lot of problems .
Political , religious , human rights problems .
Their justice system women 's rights ( and , to a degree , human rights ) are deplorable .
But just because the country has yet to catch up to our standards of modernity — or continues to fight our standards of modernity — does n't mean they are wholly bad people , living wholly bad lives , being wholly bad to the other people around them .
And it 's more than high time that our notions of Saudi Arabians , and their " backwards " lives , changed .
If it does n't , we are guilty of the same crimes of perception as any terrorist .
Contrarian media mogul Mark Cuban plans to air new movies produced by his company Magnolia Pictures on TV in advance of their theatrical release .
Cuban , who heads HDNet Movies , is betting that early screenings on his new Ultra Video on Demand service for cable subscribers will build buzz for Magnolia 's art - house movies that will boost , rather than cannibalize , box office receipts .
The plan , announced Tuesday by Cuban ( right ) at a Television Critics Association gathering in Beverly Hills , will reverse the traditional trickle - down distribution pattern starting July 18 when Brian Cox 's Red airs .
The drama opens in theaters Aug. 8 .
Wired.com checked in with Cuban , who also runs the Landmark Theatres chain , to learn more about the TV - first / movie - theaters - later experiment .
Wired.com :
Are you concerned that people might not see a film in a theater if you make it available in advance on TV ?
Mark Cuban :
Not at all .
Remember , in sports every game is on TV .
An arena is a completely different experience than TV .
The same applies to seeing movies .
Theatrical is a completely different , social experience .
Showing the movies pre-theatrical [ release ] builds word of mouth for the theatrical release .
Wired.com : Magnolia Pictures releases like the Demi Moore thriller * Flawless * and Vera Farmiga 's Quid Pro Quo are precisely the kind of indie films that have struggled at the box office over the past few months .
Warner Independent , Picturehouse and
Paramount Vantage have shut down .
Do you see the Ultra Video on Demand model as something that could revive prospects for art - house movies ?
Cuban :
This is absolutely the key to keeping indie projects alive and vital .
The marketing and revenue support of HDNet 's Ultra VOD
solves the chicken - and - egg problem of [ print and advertising spending ] and theatrical box office [ sales ] .
Wired.com : The Motion Picture Association of America is asking the FCC to waive limits on use of what it calls " selective output controls " that disable parts of the TV set .
The plan is to enable studios to show pay - per - view movies at the same time as the films open in theaters .
Your companies do n't belong to the MPAA , so how does your approach differ ?
Cuban :
We would never add the copy protection to our movies .
I do n't care what the MPAA does .
Wired.com :
Do you think Hollywood will follow suit to the point where it 'll be commonplace for people to have a choice to watch new movies either on TV or in movie theaters the same weekend ?
__Cuban : __No chance , because Landmark is the only national theater chain that will support HDNet 's Ultra Sneak Previews .
The big media companies are n't going to risk getting the [ 4,000 ] screen releases in place .
Photo : kk+/ Flickr
Flattered .
That is the worst word in football .
If you support a team , you will know this word — it is a heart breaker .
It is football - speak for ‘ I ’ve been tapped up ’ .
‘ I ’m flattered about Arsenal ’s interest ’ really means ‘ My agent has been secretly talking to Arsenal for months and I ’m desperate to play for them , so I ’m letting you and your club down gently , but in code ’ .
Rubbish players in your team never use the word flattered , only the best ones — this is why it ’s the worst word .
As soon as you read it you know that the best player you have had in years is mentally out of your club and the swines who he ’s flattered to be linked with are going to benefit from his talents next season .
At some point after reading the word flattered in a quote there is bound to be a negative effect on your wellbeing .
It ’s like a super magnet hovering over your moral compass .
Bad thoughts will slowly start to turn you from ‘ optimistic about the new season ’ into a dark brooding wish sociopath .
‘ Well they can have the ungrateful git ’ will turn into ‘ I hope he breaks his legs , painfully ’ , especially when every newswire carries the same story in a continuous stream of gut punching headlines .
As soon as one journalist carries the ‘ flattered ’ quote you can bet your season ticket ( if you have n’t already ripped it up ) that within eight hours the story will have been mashed up into a dead cert signing for the club it is flattering to be linked with .
Your club is old rubbish .
There is nothing flattering about it , not even the 80 k a week and the adulation of thousands of sad fools who thought their star man loved them .
The word itself does n’t really fit in football , does it ?
Flattered is what your aunt is when you lie about her age or her new hairdo .
International strikers , midfield schemers or brick outhouse defenders should n’t be flattered .
It ’s a word that is used to deceive and as we all know , that has no place in the game .
When a player says he is flattered he is attempting to trick you , the fan .
It is the transfer equivalent of diving in the penalty area and should be punishable with a yellow card or a night in the stocks .
It ’s a cliché in match commentary that all young players at home should copy some skill a player has just shown .
If you are a young player , by all means copy his skill with a ball , but if you read that he is flattered to be linked with a club somewhere else , use his poster as a dartboard .
He is a rubbish role model .
Of course the day after everyone in the world has read that he is flattered there will almost certainly be the ‘ I never said that ’ protestation .
This is just a tactic to reduce any booing he will suffer when he returns to your club .
If he is really barefaced then the old classic ‘ I love the club and those great fans , I ’m very happy here ’ .
You are his footballing auntie , do n’t buy it .
Keep an eye out for ‘ flattered ’ players .
Make a mental list of their names .
These are players who you do n’t want at your club , even if they do average 25 goals a season and get on goal of the month every month .
As soon as Real wolf whistle from over the street , they ’ll be flattered , buttering you up like you were their ugly aunt and then breaking your heart .
Oliver Fowler is the brains behind Next Soccer Star , set up to offer an opportunity for the next stars of football to showcase their skills and offer the very best a road into the professional game and possible megastardom .
Yahoo !
has announced that its music store will be going offline at the end of September , taking with it the authorization keys for any music purchased .
This appears to be something of a trend lately , with Microsoft announcing similar plans , only to go back on its original plans a few days later .
As Ars Technica puts it , " The bad dream of DRM continues " -- " Once the Yahoo store goes down and the key servers go offline , existing tracks cannot be authorized to play on new computers . "
Major League Baseball and Google Video have both pulled similar stunts , with Google at least providing a refund for the media , but no DRM - free replacement .
Yahoo's own Ben Patterson spoke to Michael Spiegelman , the senior director for Yahoo !
Music , about keeping the DRM servers going , like MSN has promised to do ...
" We can't really talk to the specific numbers [ in terms of cost ] , " said Spiegelman , adding that Yahoo !
uses a third - party service to host its DRM license keys .
" To be honest , it 's a question of whether we want to spend the money supporting DRM tracks , versus spending that money on what people really do want [ subscription and / or DRM - free music ] . "
When asked about replacing any purchased , DRM'd Yahoo !
Music tracks with the equivalent DRM free tracks from Rhapsody , Spiegelman replied " We 'll take those situations in a case - by - case fashion ...
We will be able to help users out who have a large number of tracks ...
We 're not saying that that would be an impossible option ...
We 'll see how much of a demand there is for it . "
Take action !
Are you a Yahoo !
Music customer ?
Contact Yahoo !
Support and demand DRM - free replacements for all the songs you 've legally purchased .
Update : Yahoo : We 'll Reimburse Users for Terminated Music
CNET is reporting that customers will be offered refunds or DRM - free downloads , while Wired News is saying any DRM - free downloads could break any agreements Yahoo ! has with record labels .
In February 2020 , rumors emerged that former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg , who was seeking the Democratic presidential nomination , was considering selecting former New York senator Hillary Clinton as his running mate .
These reports spawned additional rumors that Bloomberg was considering changing his official residence from New York to either Florida or Colorado in order “ to avoid electoral college rules that make it difficult for a president and his running mate to live in the same state . ”
This speculation echoed news reports from mid-June 2008 about Illinois senator Barack Obama ’s seeking advice from congressional leaders about potential vice - presidential running mates , some of whom were , like himself , from Illinois :
None of the congressional leaders involved in the meetings have figured in speculation about a possible running mate , suggesting that the day ’s conversations were designed to seek advice .
[ Illinois senator Dick ] Durbin and [ Illinois representative Rahm ]
Emanuel are barred from being on the ticket because the Constitution requires that the presidential and vice presidential candidates be from different states .
Such statements reflect a not uncommon misbelief about a fairly obscure point of U.S. constitutional law :
The notion that the Constitution requires presidential and vice presidential candidates who run on the same ticket must be from different states .
This is not the case ; but in order to fully explicate the origins of this misbelief , we must first essay a bit of background on the origins of the process by which U.S. presidents are elected .
One of the many vexing issues the delegates to the 1787 Constitutional Convention faced , once they had agreed that the new U.S. federal government should include an executive branch headed by an elected president , was how to select the persons who would hold that office .
Delegates disagreed about whether that choice should be effected by a popular vote of the citizenry , with Virginia delegate George Mason famously noting that “ it would be as unnatural to refer the choice of a proper character for chief magistrate to the people as it would to refer a trial of colors to a blind man . ”
Resolving this issue necessitated one of the many compromises the constitutional delegates agreed upon to complete the task at hand :
The framers agreed on a compromise for choosing the president : the electoral college .
Each state would appoint electors , equal to the number of the congressional delegation , who would then vote for president .
The underlying assumption of the electoral college was that , in a nation as large as America , the citizenry would not be able to make an informed choice .
Instead , elite electors would choose the president in a deliberate atmosphere , free from intrigue and coercion .
The election mechanism specified in Article II of the constitution was that electors would meet in their home states and vote for two candidates each ( without expressing a preference between them ) :
Whichever candidate received a majority of the electoral votes would become president , and the runner - up would become vice - president .
If the result of the electoral college vote was a tie , or if no candidate received a majority of votes , then the House of Representatives would select the president from the five highest vote - getters .
The framers did not anticipate the rise of political parties in the U.S. , however , and the likelihood that their electoral system would thus saddle presidents with vice - presidents from opposition parties — as soon happened in 1796 , when John Adams was elected president but the runner - up was his political rival , Thomas Jefferson .
The Twelfth Amendment was adopted in 1804 to eliminate this circumstance by requiring that electors cast separate ballots for president and vice - president .
The framers did anticipate one potential flaw with their electoral mechanism , though : Since each state would likely consider it to be to their advantage for the nation ’s chief executive to be a fellow statesman , electors would be tempted to vote only for candidates from their home states .
And since every elector would vote for two candidates , and states with larger populations had more representatives in Congress and therefore got to appoint more electors , this process created the possibility that the presidency would be continuously held by candidates hailing from a few of the largest states .
Therefore , Article II of the Constitution ( as well as the Twelfth Amendment , which modified it ) specified that electors must “ vote by ballot for two persons , of whom one at least shall not be an inhabitant of the same state with themselves , ” a requirement that guaranteed at least half of each state ’s electoral votes would be cast for candidates from other states .
This requirement is still in effect today , but confusion arises when people misunderstand it to govern the actions of candidates rather than electors .
Nothing in the constitution bars presidential and vice - presidential candidates from the same state from running , being elected , or holding office together ; it only bars the electors from their home state from voting for both of them .
For example , suppose the Republican party nominated for their national ticket a pair of candidates who both hailed from the state of Nevada .
If the Republican ticket received the most popular votes in that state in the general election , Nevada ’s electors could not cast ballots for both candidates — for at least one of the two offices ( presumably vice - president ) , each of Nevada ’s electors would have to vote for someone off the ticket who was not a resident of Nevada .
Republican electors in every state other than Nevada , however , would be free to vote for both candidates .
Since Nevada has a relatively small number of electoral votes ( 5 ) , and none of the electors in other states would be subject to the same voting limitation as Nevada ’s electors , it ’s unlikely this scenario would affect the outcome of a general election .
But if the election were very close , or if both candidates came from a state with a large number of electoral votes ( such as California or New York ) , the same - state electoral voting restriction could result in the aforementioned possibility of an election ’s producing a president and a vice - president from different parties , so U.S. political parties typically avoid nominating tickets featuring candidates from the same state ( even though they are not constitutionally required to do so ) .
This restriction was an issue in the 2000 presidential election .
Dick Cheney , who grew up in Wyoming and represented that state in Congress from 1979 - 89 , had bought a home and registered to vote in Texas in 1995 , and after that date he also held a Texas driver ’s license , paid Texas taxes , and claimed Texas ’ homestead tax deduction .
When the Republican presidential nominee , Texas governor George W. Bush ( obviously a Texas resident himself ) , selected Cheney as his vice - presidential running mate in 2000 , this circumstance raised the issue of whether Texas ’ electors would be allowed to cast ballots for both candidates .
Cheney hastily switched his voter registration and driver ’s license back to Wyoming , and when three Texas voters filed a lawsuit challenging his claim of non-Texas residency , Governor Bush ’s legal team successfully argued in federal court that those factors ( among others ) were sufficient to establish Cheney as a Wyoming resident .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) -
Think you ’re feeling pain at the gas pump ?
Consider the residents of Lime Village , Alaska , an isolated Denaina Athabascan Indian community where gasoline prices have hit $ 8.55 a gallon .
A man fills up his truck with gas at a gas station in this May 28 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson / Files
The price is severely curtailing movement around the interior Alaska village , where four - wheelers are sitting idle , said Ursula Graham , administrator for the Lime Village Traditional Council .
“ Nobody ’s going on joy rides , that ’s for sure , ” Graham said .
Alaska , despite its status as a major crude oil producer , has the highest average gasoline prices of all U.S. states , according to the American Automobile Association .
Alaska prices averaged $ 4.65 a gallon for regular gasoline on Friday , compared with a national average of $ 4.10 , according to AAA .
Neal Fried , an economist with the Alaska department of labor , said the ironic situation reflects the hard reality that the state ’s small population hinders economies of scale and market competition .
“ Even if you take all of Alaska into account , it ’s a pretty small marketplace , ” he said .
High oil prices have helped the state government , which relies on oil taxes , royalties and fees for at least 80 percent of its general operating revenue .
Alaska reaped more than $ 10 billion in oil revenue in the just - completed fiscal year , double the oil revenue of the previous fiscal year .
Fried noted that North Slope oil development is bustling , which would not be the case if oil were $ 30 a barrel .
“ There are more people working on the Slope than we ’ve ever counted before , ” he said .
But high fuel prices pinch individual Alaskans , especially in rural areas with no outside road access , where shipments of petroleum products require extraordinary and costly efforts .
DOG SLEDS
Fuel that goes to Lime Village is sent 1,800 miles by barge from Anchorage to the southwestern Alaska hub of Bethel , transferred to another barge for a trip up then Kuskokwim River and then flown by small plane to its final destination .
Of a representative sample of Alaska communities , Lime Village had the highest fuel prices , according to a recent University of Alaska Anchorage study .
Gov. Sarah Palin has proposed using some of Alaska ’s fat budget surplus to send one - time $ 1,200 energy - relief checks to all state residents , to suspend the state ’s 8 cent - per - gallon gasoline tax and other measures for immediate assistance .
The legislature is considering her request in an ongoing special session .
Meanwhile , in Lime Village , boat trips on the Stony River are fewer and more carefully planned .
Villagers combine tasks such as checking fish nets and collecting firewood , Graham said .
One man even moved his fish camp , smokehouse and all , from an outer area to the midst of the village so that he could avoid the boat trip entirely .
Residents like the idea of a $ 1,200 payment from the state , Graham said .
But long - term solutions remain elusive .
“ Going back to dog teams is an option , ” she said .
“ It ’s kind of a joke , but not a joke . ”
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve , capping a weekend of high - stakes maneuvering , attempted to shore up confidence in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by announcing a plan that placed the federal government firmly behind the battered mortgage giants .
In a statement timed to precede the opening of Asian markets Monday , as well as a closely watched auction of debt by Freddie , the Treasury said it plans to seek approval from Congress for a temporary increase in a longstanding Treasury line of credit for the two companies .
The ...
Originally seen here :
" We had two bags of 1 - up mushrooms , seventy - five pellets of fire flower , five sheets of high - powered stars , a saltshaker half - full of raccoon tail , a whole galaxy of multi-colored turtle shells , hammers , POW blocks , laughers ...
Not that we needed all that for the trip , but once you get locked into a serious power - up collection , the tendency is to push it as far as you can .
" The only thing that really worried me was the Lakitu cloud .
There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an misting binge , and I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon . "
Forget hydrogen .
The car of the future has an extension cord and a great big laptop battery .
The next evolution of the automobile will be plug - in hybrids that get their juice from a household electrical outlet .
They 'll start rolling into showrooms within in 18 months .
Experts say plug - in hybrids could account for about 20 percent of vehicle sales within a decade – and half of all sales by 2050 .
" It all boils down to the three ways electricity is better than gasoline , " says Felix Kramer of Cal Cars , a plug - in advocacy group .
" It 's cleaner , it 's cheaper and it's domestic . "
Advocates say plug - in hybrids are the best chance to address global warming and wean the nation from oil .
Consumers remain unsure about electric vehicles .
Ethanol 's a shaky proposition because of the food - for - fuel debate .
And it 'll be decades before hydrogen is a viable option .
That , advocates say , leaves plug-ins as the best option .
They 'll go up to 40 miles on a charge ; but they 'll also have a gas engine to keep you going beyond that at 80 to 100 mpg or more .
People have been converting conventional hybrids to plug-ins for years , but the auto industry has been slow to catch on .
Now the big automakers and start - ups like Fisker Automotive are scrambling to build them despite questions about their cost and long - term reliability .
Those are just two of the issues that automakers , battery manufacturers and utility companies will discuss next week at the international Plug - In 2008 conference in San Jose .
" The discussion is no longer one of ' if , ' but of ' when ' and ' how , ' " says Chelesa Sexton , executive director of the advocacy group Plug - In America .
" This has moved beyond the grass - roots level into the policy and business arenas . "
It all starts in 2010 .
General Motors promises to have the Chevrolet Volt rolling into showrooms by then .
Toyota says it will roll out a small fleet of plug - in Prius hybrids to see how they do .
Volkswagen has similar plans for its plug - in Golf .
And Fisker hopes to have a few dozen pricey Karma sedans in driveways within 18 months .
Ford and others are moving more slowly , aiming for 2012 and beyond .
Automakers know plug - in hybrids are their best shot at meeting tightening federal fuel - economy regulations , and California 's zero-emissions - vehicle mandate requires them to put nearly 60,000 of them on the road in six years .
They 're also responding to a seismic change in the market as record - high gas prices have consumers , fed - up with paying through the nose for gasoline , joining environmentalists to demand fuel - efficient cars .
" For the longest time , this was seen as a crunchy environmental California movement , " Sexton says .
" It never was , but now there 's a broad coalition of people sitting at the same table to demand these cars .
There 's a collective frustration with the status quo . "
Critics note that most of our electricity is generated by coal or natural gas and say plug - ins do n't reduce carbon dioxide , they just move it around .
Mark Duvall of the Electric Power Research Institute says they 're wrong .
His research shows widespread adoption of plug - in hybrids could cut greenhouse gas emissions by more than 450 million metric tons annually by 2050 .
That 's the equivalent of removing 82.5 million gasoline vehicles from the road .
" There 's significant CO2 reduction with plug - in hybrids over conventional vehicles and hybrids , and that reduction increases over time , " he says .
Duvall 's research and a study by the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory suggest that the grid could easily supply as many as 168 million plug - in vehicles .
" We can handle as many plug - in hybrids as the auto industry wants to provide and people want to drive , " he says .
" The supply of electricity is almost limitless . "
All those plug-ins would cut petroleum consumption from 20.6 million barrels a day to 16 or 17 million .
But the lithium - ion batteries that will store that electricity remain the cars '
Achilles heel .
The long - term reliability of lithium - ion batteries remains unknown , and by some estimates they cost as much as $ 15,000 .
That 'll make selling plug-ins at a price most people can afford a tough proposition until the cars are made in volume – and the cost of batteries comes down .
GM says it does n't expect to turn a profit on the $ 40,000 Volt anytime soon .
Sales undoubtedly will start off slowly .
Analysts do n't expect GM to sell more than 30,000 Volts annually for the first couple of years .
Other automakers will see similar sales figures until the cost of batteries comes down .
" We 're looking at small volumes initially , " says Mike Omotoso of J.D. Power & Associates .
" But we could see critical mass by 2015 . "
Advocates say politicians and policymakers can help by creating tax breaks to make it easier for consumers to buy the cars and automakers to build them .
Such incentives – coupled with perks like carpool - lane access – helped hybrids gain a foothold , they say , and could do the same for plug-ins .
The Department of Energy has handed out more than $ 60 million since 2006 to advance hybrid and battery technology and hopes to disburse another $ 62.3 million by the end of next year .
Both Barack Obama and John McCain have hailed plug - in hybrids in general – and the Volt in particular – in recent weeks and promised to spur development of such cars if elected .
And Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tennessee , has called for Washington to go further by launching a " New Manhattan Project " that would include getting plug - in hybrids on the road in large numbers .
" We have the plug , " he says .
" The cars are coming .
All we need is the cord . "
ORLANDO , Florida 
Eighty - three percent of athletes who had " Tommy John " elbow reconstruction surgery were able to return to the same or better level of play , according to a study released today at the 2008 American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine Annual Meeting at JW Marriott Orlando Grande Lakes .
While reassuring to athletes , the study authors find the trend of more and more young athletes requiring the surgery , alarming .
" Before 1997 this surgery was performed on only 12 of 97 patients who were 18 or younger ( 12 percent ) , " said co-author E. Lyle Cain , MD , fellowship director for the American Sports Medicine Institute , Andrews Sports Medicine and Orthopaedic Center in Birmingham , Alabama .
" In 2005 alone , 62 of the 188 operations performed , were on high school athletes , a third of the surgical group .
The reality is that this surgery is successful and that 's good .
But a disturbing trend of younger kids needing the surgery is troubling .
This should be a wake - up call to parents and coaches that specialization in baseball where kids do n't get adequate time off is very dangerous . "
" Tommy John " surgery is a procedure where a damaged elbow ligament ( Ulnar Collateral Ligament or UCL ) is replaced with a tendon from elsewhere in the body .
The surgery is named for Hall of Fame pitcher Tommy John , who was the first person to have the surgery in 1974 .
John returned to the major leagues and went on to win 164 games after the surgery .
Prior to this historic surgery , a UCL injury was a career - ending injury .
In the study , 743 patients who had the Tommy John surgery were contacted for follow - up evaluations and completed a questionnaire about their recovery .
The majority of the patients were baseball players ( 94.5 percent ) , the remaining 5.5 percent were involved in track , football or other sports .
The study found that 622 patients ( 83 percent ) returned to the previous level of competition or higher .
Of the major league players , 75.5 percent returned to the same level of play .
For minor league players 56 percent returned to the same level or higher .
The average time from surgery to full competition was 11.6 months after reconstruction , according to study results .
Additionally about 10 percent of the patients had complications , mostly minor .
" The increase in the number of UCL reconstructions being done now can be attributed to many things : improved diagnostic techniques , heightened awareness , increased chance of positive outcome with current surgical techniques , but most importantly , the overuse of young throwing arms , " said Dr. Cain .
" In the past 10 years , year - round baseball leagues have proliferated .
So the best young pitchers are throwing many more pitches and learning to throw more difficult pitches .
It 's great that the surgery is successful , but prevention of the injury should be the goal .
Kids should be urged to rest and be careful about saving their arms , rather than leading to long - term problems at a young age . "
Source : American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine
CNN : Pattern of sex abuse at youth prisons David Edwards and Chris Tackett
Published : Friday April 4 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This CNN recently looked into new allegations of abuse at a detention facility for female youths in Mississippi where the Department of Justice once found girls had been hog -tied and forced to eat vomit .
Girls as young as thirteen say there were kept shackled for weeks at a time at the Columbia Training Facility , CNN reports .
Erica , whose last name was withheld for privacy , is one of ten girls that are together suing the state for the alleged physical and mental abuse .
Speaking of the abuse , she said , " I went to school in shackles , used the bathroom in shackles , ate in shackles and had to participate in recreation in shackles . "
" You do n't treat people like that .
You do n't treat children like that , " said Erica 's mother Alicia .
" They deserve an apology . " CNN notes that Mississippi is among 11 states the Justice Department has sued for civil rights violations at youth lock - ups , which include the previous abuse at the Columbia Training School that included girls being tied - up , forced to eat vomit and held for days in a window - less isolation room .
Mississippi Gov.
Haley Barbour has ordered the facility to be closed and all current inmates to be transferred to another site ; however , as CNN reports , the DOJ is suing that facility as well , saying it has its own set of serious problems .
BOGOTA , July 4 ( Reuters ) - Colombia 's rescue of Ingrid Betancourt shows Latin America 's oldest insurgency is on the brink of defeat in its cocaine - financed war for control of the country , even though the group could take years to die out .
Wednesday 's rescue of French - Colombian politician Betancourt , three Americans and 11 Colombians held for years in the jungle immediately boosted confidence in the Andean nation as the peso currency surged along with the local stock market .
" This was the worst blow to the morale of the rebels ever , " Alvaro Jimenez , an ex-member of the demobilized Colombian M - 19 guerrilla group , said .
" But that does not mean the war is over .
The death throes of this conflict could be very prolonged . "
With this and other recent strikes against leftist FARC rebels , U.S. ally President Alvaro Uribe has crowned his success at improving security in the industrialized north of the country , which is attracting record foreign investment .
But conditions in other parts of the country of 44 million people may still help guerrillas limp along for years more , nourished by the cocaine trade and rural underdevelopment that breeds a steady pool of young , resentful recruits .
Real stability hinges on defeating the thriving drug business .
Cultivation of coca plants used to make cocaine rose 27 percent last year and Colombia remains the world 's No. 1 exporter even as the the guerrillas ' power has waned .
Billions of dollars in U.S. military aid and Uribe 's unflinching offensive has the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , reeling and unlikely to recover as a coherent national force capable to challenging the state .
The killing earlier this year of two FARC secretariat members , one betrayed and dismembered by a bodyguard motivated by a government reward , ended four decades of government failure to hit the guerrillas ' top leadership .
Then the group 's leader , Manuel " Sureshot " Marulanda , died of natural causes .
" The only thing the FARC can negotiate at this point is its own defeat and they are not ideologically suited to do that , " Jimenez , who is now a political analyst , said .
" It would be an illusion to think the FARC is just going to collapse . "
RESCUE REVEALS FISSURES
But it was the rescue , in which state agents posed as members of a FARC - friendly group promising to transport the hostages to a new location by helicopter , that exposed how disorganized the guerrilla army has become .
Once in the air the captives were told they were free , causing a celebration so raucous it almost downed the aircraft , said Betancourt , who was an international cause celebre and the FARC 's main bargaining chip for a prisoner swap .
The group 's top international ally , leftist President Hugo Chavez from neighboring Venezuela , has urged the intransigent rebels to free all hostages and start talks for peace .
But the rebels are well - funded by taxing the 600 tonnes of cocaine exported from Colombia each year even as Uribe 's policies attract investment to the developed northern parts of the country .
The rural southern regions may remain a risk .
Uribe , who has many supporters clamoring for him to change the constitution to run for a third term in 2010 , wants to turn the south into a big food and biofuel producer .
But those plans are only in first stages and depend on more security advances .
A decade ago , the rebels were taking over towns , encroaching on cities and blowing up energy installations so frequently that investors shunned Colombia .
But now the FARC appear increasingly like a group such as Shining Path , which used to attack in Peru at will but now is left with only isolated hold - out units .
" It is likely that the FARC will gradually fragment into smaller groups still engaged in cocaine and other crime , " said Michael Shifter , of the Washington - based think tank Inter - American Dialogue .
" This will continue to be a problem for Colombian , but a far cry from the unified force the FARC was 10 years ago . "
Welcome to the second installment of Enumerating Enumerable , my project to do a better job of documenting Ruby ’s Enumerable module than RubyDoc.org .
This installment will cover Enumerable #any ? , which I like to think of as Enumerable .
all ? ‘s more easy - going cousin ( I covered Enumerable .all ? in the previous installment ) .
Enumerable #any ?
Quick Summary
In the simplest possible terms
Do any of the items in the collection meet the given criteria ?
Ruby version 1.8 and 1.9 Expects
A block containing the criteria .
This block is optional , but you ’re likely to use one in most cases .
Returns true if any of the items in the collection meet the given criteria .
false if none of the items in the collection does not meet the given criteria .
RubyDoc.org ’s entry Enumerable#any ?
Enumerable #any ? and Arrays
When used on an array and a block is provided , any ?
passes each item to the block .
If the block returns true for any item during this process , any ?
returns true ; otherwise , it returns false .
# " Fromage de Montagne de Savoie " is the longest - named cheese in this list # at a whopping 29 characters cheeses = [ " feta " , " cheddar " , " stilton " , " camembert " , " mozzarella " , " Fromage de Montagne de Savoie " ] cheeses.any ?
{ |cheese| cheese.length >= 25 } => true cheeses.any ?
{ |cheese| cheese.length >= 35 } => false 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 # " Fromage de Montagne de Savoie " is the longest - named cheese in this list # at a whopping 29 characters cheeses = [ " feta " , " cheddar " , " stilton " , " camembert " , " mozzarella " , " Fromage de Montagne de Savoie " ] cheeses .
any ?
{ | cheese | cheese .
length >= 25 } = > true cheeses .
any ?
{ | cheese | cheese .
length >= 35 } = > false
When the block is omitted , any ?
uses this implied block : { |item| item} .
Since everything in Ruby evaluates to true except for false and nil , using any ?
without a block is effectively a test to see if any of the items in the collection evaluate to true ( or conversely , if all the values in the array evaluate to false or nil ) .
cheeses.any ? => true cheeses = [ false , nil ] => [ false , nil ] cheeses.any ? => false #
Remember that in Ruby , everything except for false and nil evaluates to true : cheeses << 0 => [ false , nil , 0 ] >> cheeses.any ? => true 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 cheeses . any ? = > true cheeses = [ false , nil ] = > [ false , nil ] cheeses .
any ? = > false #
Remember that in Ruby , everything except for false and nil evaluates to true : cheeses << 0 = > [ false , nil , 0 ] >> cheeses .
any ? = > true
Enumerable #any ? and Hashes
When used on a hash and a block is provided , any ?
passes each key / value pair in the hash to the block , which you can “ catch ” as either :
A two - element array , with the key as element 0 and its corresponding value as element 1 , or Two separate items , with the key as the first item and its corresponding value as the second item .
If the block returns true for any item during this process , any ?
returns true ; otherwise , it returns false .
# Here 's a hash where for each key / value pair , the key is a programming language and # the corresponding value is the year when that language was first released #
The keys range in value from " Javascript " to " Ruby " , and the values range from # 1987 to 1996 languages = { " Javascript " => 1996 , " PHP " => 1994 , " Perl " => 1987 , " Python " => 1991 , " Ruby " => 1993} languages.any ?
{ | language| language [ 0 ] < " Pascal " } => true languages.any ?
{ |language , year_created| language < " Pascal " } => true languages.any ?
{ | language| language [ 0 ] < " Fortran " } => false languages.any ?
{ |language , year_created| language < " Fortran " } => false languages.any ? { | language| language [ 0 ] >= " Basic " and language [ 1 ] <= 1995} => true languages.any ?
{ |language , year_created| language >= " Basic " and year_created <= 1995} => true languages .any ? { | language| language [ 0 ] >= " Basic " and language [ 1 ] <= 1985} => false languages.any ?
{ |language , year_created| language >= " Basic " and year_created <= 1985} => false 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 # Here ' s a hash where for each key / value pair , the key is a programming language and # the corresponding value is the year when that language was first released #
The keys range in value from " Javascript " to " Ruby " , and the values range from # 1987 to 1996 languages = { " Javascript " = > 1996 , " PHP " = > 1994 , " Perl " = > 1987 , " Python " = > 1991 , " Ruby " = > 1993 } languages .
any ?
{ | language | language [ 0 ] < " Pascal " } = > true languages .
any ?
{ | language , year_created | language < " Pascal " } = > true languages .
any ?
{ | language | language [ 0 ] < " Fortran " } = > false languages .
any ?
{ | language , year_created | language < " Fortran " } = > false languages .
any ?
{ | language | language [ 0 ] >= " Basic " and language [ 1 ] <= 1995 } = > true languages .
any ?
{ | language , year_created | language >= " Basic " and year_created <= 1995 } = > true languages .
any ?
{ | language | language [ 0 ] >= " Basic " and language [ 1 ] <= 1985 } = > false languages .
any ?
{ | language , year_created | language >= " Basic " and year_created <= 1985 } = > false
Using any ?
without a block on a hash is meaningless , as it will always return true .
When the block is omitted , any ?
uses this implied block : { |item| item} .
In the case of a hash , item will always be a two - element array , which means that it will never evaluate as false nor nil .
And yes , even this hash , when run through any ? , will still return true :
{ false => false , nil => nil}.any ? => true 1 2 { false = > false , nil = > nil } . any ? = > true
Special Case : Using Enumerable#any ? on Empty Arrays and Hashes
When applied to an empty array or hash , with or without a block , any ?
always returns false .
That ’s because with an empty collection , there are no values to process and return a true value .
Let ’s look at the case of empty arrays :
cheeses = [ ] => [ ] cheeses.any ?
{ |cheese| cheese.length >= 25 } => false cheeses.any ? => false #
Let 's try applying " any ? " to a non-empty array # using a block that ALWAYS returns true : [ " Gruyere " ] . any ?
{ |cheese| true} => true # ... but watch what happens when we try the same thing # with an EMPTY array ! [ ] . any ? { |cheese| true} => false 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 cheeses = [ ] = > [ ] cheeses .
any ?
{ | cheese | cheese .
length >= 25 } = > false cheeses .
any ? = > false #
Let ' s try applying " any ? " to a non - empty array # using a block that ALWAYS returns true : [ " Gruyere " ] . any ?
{ | cheese | true } = > true # ... but watch what happens when we try the same thing # with an EMPTY array ! [ ] . any ?
{ | cheese | true } = > false
… now let ’s look at the case of empty hashes :
One would be naive for thinking that PlayStation Home would not be used by some pervoids in need of yet another cyber outlet eventually , but Sony may just meet them halfway with talk of adult sections for its online service .
Sony has promised , however , that this wo n't degenerate into the mass gangbang that is Second Life .
" We have the ability to age - protect areas , and I think that 's something that we will inevitably make use of , " explained a Sony spokesman .
" So , it 's definitely not Second Life . "
Age protection is not something that is supposed to happen at launch , but when it finally is implemented , there is talk of mature - rated game trailers and a virtual casino , although there 's no talk yet of whether the latter will require real money .
Certainly a possibility , and would probably make Sony a lot of cash from total morons .
Just point me in the direction of the Ratchet & Clank porn and I 'll be sold .
Swift Enterprises Joins Race for Alternative Jet Fuel
August 27th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Add another contender to the alternative aviation fuel race : Swift Enterprises .
The company , which is based in Indiana , has developed a renewable jet fuel made from landfill waste , sorghum , algae , woodchips , and other feedstocks .
Swift ’s biofuel currently costs $ 60 per gallon to produce , but the company believes that the cost will drop to $ 1.80 once they begin full - scale production .
And while other companies are also working on alternative fuels for planes , Swift believes that it has the most promising solution .
According to a spokesman for the company , Swift ’s fuel has been the only successful challenger to outperform petroleum as a high - octane aviation fuel .
However , Swift still has many hurdles to get past before its fuel becomes a viable option for aircraft .
The company is in the process of getting approval from the FAA , the Environmental Protection Agency , and ASTM International ( an organization that sets technical standards ) .
FAA testing for the fuel only began in June .
Both the United States government as well as private companies are pushing for aviation fuel alternatives — the US Department of Transportation is funding a competition to spur renewable fuel innovation , and airplane companies Airbus and Honeywell recently announced a project to provide a third of aviation ’s fuel needs using second - generation biofuels by 2030 .
Other posts about alternative jet fuels :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Virgin Galactic
THE way Will Whitehorn tells it , the story began in 2003 in Mojave , California , on a visit to Scaled Composites , a company with a reputation for designing and building futuristic and sometimes wacky - looking aircraft .
Mr Whitehorn is one of the top brass in Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group ; and Virgin Atlantic , Sir Richard 's airline , was sponsoring Global Flyer , a Scaled Composites creation , on a non -stop voyage around the world .
On his way out of the factory Mr Whitehorn saw something unusual and asked what it was .
Burt Rutan , head of Scaled Composites , told him it was a spaceship .
He was building it for another customer , but he could n't say any more .
Mr Rutan 's customer turned out to be Paul Allen , one of the founders of Microsoft .
When SpaceShipOne , as the craft was called , reached space for the second time , on October 4th 2004 , it won the $ 10 m Ansari X Prize .
The craft was taken to high altitude by White Knight , a more - or - less conventional aircraft , and then dropped , whereupon its engines ignited to shoot it 100 km ( 60 miles ) above the planet , and thus officially into space .
After a short flight it re-entered the Earth 's atmosphere and glided down to land on a conventional runway .
Manned space travel thus moved from the realm of governments to private enterprise .
However , Mr Allen was interested only in proving that the spaceship technology would work , not in exploiting it commercially himself .
That left Mr Rutan with a very cool spaceship on his hands , but no way of making money from it .
Mr Whitehorn and Sir Richard were intrigued .
Virgin Galactic , a company in the Virgin stable and which was headed by Mr Whitehorn , decided to license the technology for SpaceShipOne and White Knight .
Virgin Galactic said it wanted to offer commercial sub-orbital flights to paying passengers by the end of the decade .
Virgin Galactic has since accumulated a number of commercial rivals in the space - tourism market .
One of them is Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon.com , who is building a competing sub-orbital spaceship at a ranch in Texas .
His space company , Blue Origin , is so secretive that it will not even answer questions about its logo .
But Virgin Galactic has passed an important milestone .
At an event held at the American Museum of Natural History in New York , on January 23rd , the company unveiled the design of its new generation of vehicles , and said that the first examples had almost been finished at Mr Rutan 's factory .
White Knight
Two is due to begin test flights towards the middle of 2008 , but may roll out of the hangar in the next few weeks .
Test flights of SpaceShipTwo itself could start towards the end of the year .
Fly me to the moon
The combination of a carrier aircraft and a spaceship to get into space is akin to building a two - stage rocket .
Air - launched rockets have a long history .
SpaceShipOne and White Knight were , in essence , vastly improved and much cheaper versions of the X - 15 rocket plane that set speed and altitude records in the early 1960s and the B - 52 bomber that carried the rocket plane under its wing .
But pure rockets , such as the ones that lift the space shuttle , won out because the Space Race between America and Russia emphasised speed over cost , and rockets were proven technology , having already been developed as intercontinental ballistic missiles .
However , they consume a huge amount of power as they claw their way up through the Earth 's thick atmosphere .
By contrast a rocket lifted by a plane with wings before being launched can be made much smaller and lighter .
The plane itself is light because its engines breathe air .
It thus needs to carry less fuel than a rocket , and no chemical oxidant to burn that fuel , as a rocket would .
Each craft — plane and rocket — can therefore be optimised for its own job , which is easier than designing a single vehicle that has to make lots of compromises to do both .
Lifting more
Virgin Galactic 's second generation of craft are based on SpaceShipOne and White Knight , but with plenty of differences .
White Knight
Two has been redesigned wholesale to lift a much larger spaceship with eight people on board instead of three .
It has a wingspan equivalent to that of a Boeing 757 , is three times larger than its predecessor and is the largest aircraft made entirely from composite materials like carbon fibre .
It is powered by four Pratt & Whitney engines .
With its twin boom and long wing , it looks more like the Global Flyer than its predecessor .
It has also been engineered to be able to treat any passengers it carries to zero - gravity swoops on the way down after they have watched the spaceship being released for its trip into space .
SpaceShipTwo itself will accommodate two pilots at the front and also six passengers , who will have room enough to bounce around in zero gravity .
It has more of a dolphin - like nose than its prototype and more windows .
It will also go a little higher than its predecessor , so that its passengers will experience five minutes or so of weightlessness before flying back to receive their astronauts ' wings .
But , crucially , it has the same flip - up wings .
These are used when the craft reconfigures itself for re-entry into the Earth 's atmosphere .
The wings rotate through 90° to give it extremely high drag , which allows it to begin its slow deceleration through the atmosphere earlier and at higher altitudes than previous spaceflight re-entries .
The spaceship will be fuelled by a “ hybrid rocket ” — so - called because it contains both liquid and solid propellants .
These rockets can be cheaper to develop and operate , and the fuel is safer to store than in purely liquid - fuelled ones .
SpaceShipOne used rubber and laughing gas .
Scaled Composites is studying alternatives to rubber that may offer better performance .
Another change in the design of the spaceship is the insertion of a flexible glass - fibre section into its composite structure .
This will allow the rocket 's oxidiser tank to expand when it is full .
All these changes mean that when SpaceShipTwo does begin flight tests , the programme will last at least a year before paying customers can take to the skies .
Work will also begin soon on fitting out another factory to start making more of these craft .
Virgin Galactic has ordered five spaceships and two carrier aircraft .
The spaceships will take longer to refuel for their next flight than the carrier aircraft do , so — thinking just as an airline would — the firm has concluded it needs more spaceships than carriers .
Each spaceship should eventually be capable of making two trips into space every day , and the launch aircraft three or four flights .
Mr Rutan says they could operate from a number of airports and spaceports around the world .
Virgin Galactic believes the fleet it has ordered should be large enough to furnish its space - tourism business in the early years .
Trips are expected to cost some $ 200,000 each to start with .
Hundreds of people have put down a total of $ 30 m in deposits .
However , as the firm also made clear at the announcement in New York , the new craft may one day do a lot more than ferry day - trippers to the edge of space and back .
Stephen Attenborough , Virgin Galactic 's commercial director , says the spaceship is revolutionary because it is able to take not just people into space , but other payloads too .
Up , up and away
What those other things will be is still unclear , but satellites are a possibility .
Virgin Galactic says it thinks it could launch small satellites in the range of 50 - 100 kg into low - Earth orbit using an unmanned rocket hung from White Knight Two for less than $ 2.5 m .
The market for launching small satellites is presently only partly served by the Pegasus rocket , which is launched at high altitude by a commercial jet aircraft .
But a launch using Pegasus would cost many times the price that Virgin is talking about .
If costs are brought low enough it could make even tiny satellites financially viable .
These could be sent up by all sorts of organisations , including universities for research projects .
An air launch is constrained by the weight the carrier aircraft can lift , so big rockets blasting off from the ground will , for the time being , remain the only way to get the heaviest payloads into space .
It is possible for small satellites to hitch a ride along with big payloads , but that can be difficult to arrange and is much more restrictive than having a dedicated low - cost launch vehicle like White Knight Two .
Virgin Galactic is already having discussions with a company interested in creating a rocket that would launch satellites from White Knight Two .
Launching at high altitude has many advantages for space tourists and commercial loads alike .
Using an aircraft to take up a rocket can avoid the numerous weather - induced delays — and costs — that get in the way of rockets fired from the ground .
Aircraft can climb above bad weather to a more suitable launch position .
Nor do they need specially built , reinforced launch pads .
Any suitable runway will do .
In addition , an air launch promises a lot more scope to find a good “ launch window ” to get the spacecraft into orbit .
Launching from the ground can mean waiting for the Earth to rotate until the launch window is accessible .
But an aeroplane carrying a rocket can fly to the window instead .
Air launches are also a greener way of getting into space , because they avoid igniting rockets in the lower atmosphere .
Earlier this month Virgin Atlantic said it would fly one of its Boeing 747s using biofuel during a demonstration flight in February .
Mr Attenborough says this has “ implications ” for White Knight Two , which indicates that the company is also looking at greener fuels for the carrier aircraft .
Who knows if the moon 's a balloon ?
In the longer term Virgin Galactic 's system could also be used to launch hypersonic vehicles , which could dash from one side of the world to the other in a few hours .
In 2005 and 2006 White Knight test - launched the American government 's experimental X - 37 hypersonic plane .
America 's space agency , NASA , has signed an agreement with Virgin that covers co-operation on the planes .
The company is also said to be discussing a third , more powerful generation of spaceships , designed to make longer sub-orbital journeys rather than just poking their noses into space in the way that White Knight Two will .
Mr Whitehorn and Mr Rutan have made no secret of their desire to see later generations of carrier aircraft and rocketry that can put people into orbit .
Some within the industry are sceptical that Mr Rutan can develop such vehicles , which will have to travel many times faster than a sub-orbital plane and must have tougher heat - shielding in order to survive harsher re-entry .
Nevertheless , business is taking an increasing interest in the possibilities and last year Northrop Grumman , a big aerospace and defence contractor , increased its 40 % stake in Scaled Composites to 100 % .
Mr Rutan expects Scaled Composites to build 40 - 50 launch aircraft .
He thinks that at least 15 will be used for space tourism , with the rest used for satellites and other payloads .
As the new generation of craft emerges , so will new ideas about their capabilities and potential .
With some $ 70 m already spent and another $ 130 m still to come , Mr Attenborough says that Virgin Galactic expects to break even in 2014 .
Reducing the price of a trip into space to attract more customers is also part of the plan , as is exploiting every possible form of additional income , such as selling media rights .
Finding new markets for its carrier ship will help Virgin Galactic make money faster .
Mr Whitehorn believes that wider use of the vehicle will ultimately come with lifting payloads and satellites into space .
Although the customers for such launches are not yet putting down their deposits , the progress to commercial space flight — complete with a business plan and a profit goal — is nonetheless remarkable .
There are surely easier and safer ways for businessmen like Sir Richard , Mr Bezos and others to make money .
Then again , commercialising space is a venture for the unconventional .
They may not agree on net neutrality or the Fairness Doctrine , but almost two dozen advocacy groups from liberal to libertarian do concur on one issue : they hate Federal Communications Commission Chair Kevin Martin 's proposal for a national broadband service with the porn filtered out .
" Unconstitutional and unwise , " their Friday filing calls the plan , which they charge amounts to a " government mandated ' blacklist ' of websites . "
The filtering component would limit the system " so dramatically that the usefulness of the service would be radically reduced . "
Plus , if the agency actually approved the scheme , it would face a tsunami of lawsuits .
So contend the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) , People for the American Way , Adam Thierer of the Progress and Freedom Foundation , the Public Interest Spectrum Coalition , the American Booksellers Association , the Von Coalition , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , and fifteen other groups .
It was inevitable that this shoe would drop on a scheme that is already taking heavy incoming fire from the wireless industry for its alleged technical shortcomings .
Free smutless broadband
In late June the FCC launched a proceeding on an idea long advocated by M2Z Networks : a free , national wireless broadband service .
The proposed system would work its magic way up there in the Advanced Wireless Services area number three region of the spectrum ( AWS - 3 , 2155 - 2180 MHz ) .
Bidders would compete for the zone in a public auction , then commit to rolling the plan out to 95 percent of the United States over a ten year period at 768 Kbps , the FCC 's new minimum rate for " high speed " broadband .
The provider would make money on the service via ad revenue , paying five percent of its gross annual income to Uncle Sam .
The CDT et al filing does n't have any issues with this .
It 's the filtering part that 's the big problem , the 22 groups say .
The FCC 's proposal makes it pretty clear how it is supposed to work .
The auction winner must provide a feature that " filters or blocks images and text that constitute obscenity or pornography and , in context , as measured by contemporary community standards and existing law , any images or text that otherwise would be harmful to teens and adolescents . "
The outline defines teens and adolescents as " children 5 through 17 years of age . "
The CDT filing warns that not only does this plan violate the First Amendment , it repeatedly crosses the Supreme Court 's interpretation of the First Amendment in its important indecency rulings .
A new standard for censorship
The FCC 's filtering plan " would censor content far beyond anything ever upheld by any court for any medium , " warns the CDT group .
Vague and over broad , the proposal 's provision to block out anything that might be disturbing to five year olds could deny access to a wide variety of content , including conventional news reports .
" This prohibition would plainly infringe on the rights of adults to access broad categories of lawful speech , " they write .
The idea also runs afoul of several key Supreme Court cases , CDT warns , most notably the crucial Reno vs. ACLU ruling of 1997 .
That decision bumped off a big chunk of the Communications Decency Act 's prohibition against the " knowing " transmission of indecent images over the Internet to minors .
The high court insisted that in regulating indecent speech , the government must mandate " the least restrictive " way to protect children from smut : client - side filtering software being the best candidate , then and now .
Do n't count on Pacifica
And so the FCC can't rely on that old standby , Pacifica vs. FCC ( 1978 ) , to justify this proposal , argues CDT , because unlike terrestrial radio , undesired content on the Internet can be filtered out at the user end .
Nor could an " opt- in " filtering system get around the fact that the FCC 's proposal effectively creates a filtering blacklist .
" The FCC cannot constitutionally serve as a censorship board that selects which Internet websites should be available to all Americans , " CDT says .
In addition , the Commission 's plan violates an often forgotten part of Pacifica , its prohibition on government censorship in advance .
" Given the insurmountable constitutional problems raised by the filtering mandate , " the CDT group observes , it would serve as target practice for First Amendment lawyers if actually approved by the FCC .
Their filing concludes by suggesting that the FCC go back to square one on the idea and try it again , sans filtering .
This proposal is n't just getting piledriven by civil liberties groups .
It 's also drawing fire from just about every big wireless company around , with T - Mobile leading the pack .
Its latest statement — over 100 pages long — charges that the AWS - 3 plan will mess with mobile receivers running on the nearby AWS - 1 band .
" For consumers , the interference will be extensive , widespread , and unpredictable , " T - Mobile warns , " significantly degrading their service . "
The company says it wants the FCC to extend this proceeding and submit its proposed AWS - 3 specs to independent testing .
But it 's obvious that the commercial wireless community hates the basic idea on principle .
" The Commission 's free service proposal would be of little or no help to those it is designed to support , given that the ' free ' aspect of the service would be vastly inferior to any commercial service on the market and will not even be available for years , " T - Mobile concludes .
FCC Chair Martin has been enjoying a good run of late , with the Sirius / XM merger in cement and a net neutrality order on Comcast due this Friday .
But his " family friendly " broadband plan could definitely use a friend or two about now .
Further reading
Man arrested and locked up for five hours after taking photo of police van ignoring ' no entry ' sign
Mr Carter : ' A frightening experience '
When Andrew Carter saw a police van ignore no - entry signs to reverse up a one - way street to reach a chip shop , he was understandably moved to protest to the driver .
Particularly as he lives on the road and always goes out of his way to obey the signs .
But his complaint brought a volley of abuse from PC Aqil Farooq .
And when Mr Carter took a picture of the van then tried to photograph the officer , PC Farooq rushed out of the shop and knocked his camera to the ground .
Mr Carter was then arrested and bundled into the van over claims he had ' assaulted ' an officer with his camera , resisted arrest and was drunk and disorderly .
He was held in a police cell for five hours before being released on bail at midnight .
Mr Carter , 44 , lodged a complaint and has since received a personal apology from PC Farooq and Rob Beckley , deputy chief constable of Avon and Somerset Constabulary .
The force yesterday refused to comment on the case , except to say that the disciplinary process was resolved to Mr Carter 's ' satisfaction ' .
It is understood no further action was taken against PC Farooq , who is a member of the Black Police Association 's Avon and Somerset branch .
According to a report from the Bristol Equalities Network published two years ago , PC Farooq 's duties within the BPA included work with the wider community on ' good relations with the police ' .
At the time he was the branch 's general secretary .
Yesterday , Mr Carter from Bedminster , Bristol , described his ordeal as a ' very frightening experience ' .
Snapped : Andrew Carter 's photo of the police van
The self - employed plumber was walking his dogs when he saw PC Farooq , who was with a female colleague , ignore no -entry signs to reverse along the road in January and park outside a fish and chip shop .
Mr Carter said : ' The no-entry signs mean you are supposed to drive all the way around the block , like I do every night , but there are a fair number of people who do n't obey them .
' I was nearly knocked down once so when the police van did it I sort of said , " Hey mate no entry " but he just shouted out the window , " F*** off , this is police business " .
' But when I took a photo of them he came running out , battered the camera from my hand on to the floor and arrested me for three crimes , none of which I 'd committed . '
PC Farooq and his unnamed colleague claim they were at the takeaway to examine CCTV footage relating to a separate event .
Mr Carter was never charged with any offence .
His complaint over his wrongful arrest led PC Farooq to face a disciplinary tribunal last month , which Mr Carter attended .
PC Farooq made a face - to - face apology at the hearing .
Mr Beckley , who chaired the tribunal , apologised to Mr Carter in writing for PC Farooq 's ' totally unacceptable ' behaviour and said the officer 's future performance will be monitored .
Mr Carter said he is ' relatively happy ' with the outcome as he had n't wanted the officer sacked .
However , he is still pursuing compensation from the force .
State Action on Coronavirus
Local and state public health officials wield extraordinary powers in emergency situations such as the current coronavirus outbreak .
They can close schools and private businesses .
They can restrict or shut down mass transit systems .
They can cancel concerts , sporting events and political rallies .
They can call up the National Guard .
They can suspend medical licensing laws and protect doctors from liability claims .
And they can quarantine or isolate people who might infect others .
If you 've ever witnessed a kid / bubblewrap experience ( and you should , if you have n't ) , you know this is a pretty good idea .
One instance where we all can actually constructively burst our kids ' bubbles .
SAN DIEGO – When R. Stevens , creator of the webcomic Diesel Sweeties , inked a syndication deal with United Media in late 2006 , he made the unusual move of creating two separate strips each day , one for newspapers and one for the web .
More recently , he took another unusual step , quitting his syndication deal to concentrate on his web business .
We caught up with him at Comic - Con International , where Dumbrella , the webcomics alliance Diesel Sweeties is part of , has a booth set up to meet fans and sell merch .
Stevens talked about going back to webcomics basics , stealth lesbianism and why you can't say suck in a newspaper strip .
Wired.com :
For those who are unenlightened as of yet , can you explain what Diesel Sweeties is , and why it changes people 's lives ?
R. Stevens :
Well , it changes people 's lives because they have n't found their purpose in life , which is to have sex with robots , which is what the comic is about .
It 's about very unlikable people who are my various foibles put in pixelated cartoon format , and girls who sleep with robots , and the furries who judge them .
__
__Wired.com : Now , that does n't sound like the sort of comic strip that you tend to see next to Baby Blues and Rose Is Rose , so how did you end up with a syndication deal ?
Stevens : I was asked by United Media 's editor in charge of acquisitions .
He needed somebody who compiles a lot of comic strips and had been around a while , and I got lucky .
They were calling folks and I think I was the first one who fell for it .
Wired.com :
And so you were doing two comics for a while , you were doing a comic for the web …
Stevens :
I 've been making my living online selling merchandise since 2002 , so I did n't quite trust another company to pay my bills for me , just because I 'm a paranoid person and a little bit too independent .
So I did the five - day - a - week web strip to pay the bills , and thought I 'd experiment and do a seven - day - a - week newspaper strip , using the same characters at the same time .
I did n't want to take the risk of alienating the web and giving up my spontaneous day - to - day work , and it 's nice to put something up and have it be online in five minutes , as opposed to sending it to an editor and waiting a long time .
It was a selfish thing , but it was fun .
Wired.com : Did you write differently for newspapers than for the web ?
Stevens :
Yeah , I was forced write tighter , forced to start from zero , you could n't assume anyone had read anything .
Actually , that was the most beneficial part to the whole process – it 's like going to grad school .
You work a lot , and nobody knows who you are , or cares , and by the time you 're done with it you 've learned a lot , and you 've tightened up and you 're ready to do something else .
It was very educational .
Wired.com : Did you get any push - back from the editors ?
If it 's a strip about having sex with robots , did that fly with them ?
Stevens : I just avoided topics like that .
There 's no point in bringing that up .
That 's another reason I kept the web strip .
I could have girls in bed with a furry on my website , and I could have people talking about how fun it is to go to church on the newspaper version .
But they knew what they were getting into .
We made a few changes .
I started referring to the ex-porn star as someone who made her money in the dot - com boom and lost it .
They took a few words out here and there ; I could n't use suck … .
We lost a little slang , but not much .
I just got more creative .
I worked in all kinds of rim jobs and lesbianism and all this stuff and nobody noticed .
__
Wired.com :
__
So it was n't really a fight with the editors ?
Stevens : I did n't see the point , that 's why I kept the web version .
I figured I could do whatever I want , I could keep doing whatever I want like I have for six years – eight now .
And , I could write a different way , and I could learn to write better , and I could work with different constraints .
It was an intellectual exercise .
I did n't give anything up , I just did more .
I was stupid , but it was educational and fun .
Wired.com :
How long did you do the strip for the papers ?
Stevens : Counting development time , it was about two years .
When the last one hits , it 'll be a year and eight months , so about 600 comics , in addition to whatever else I was doing at the time .
So I probably cranked out nearly a thousand comics in 2007 .
Wired.com :
And what made you decide to give it up ?
Stevens : I did my taxes .
I realized that I made less money than the last year that I was n't syndicated .
It 's a hard business and it takes years and years to build up a client list and get paid .
I just kinda thought to myself that I spent years and years learning how to make money off the internet .
Why should I continue to injure myself , when I could just do what I 'm good at ?
Get creative again , get excited again , change my business model and learn new things , rather than be constantly struggling with deadlines .
Wired.com : Did you feel like the newspaper audience was n't your audience ?
Stevens :
They were not my audience , but what was really weird was that for every person that was disgusted by this perversion , this one time you talk about drinking baby 's blood to be young , I think there were a few people who really liked it and clicked with it .
I think people are smarter than we give them credit for .
The problem with the business is the newspapers are losing money a lot of the time , and editorial is afraid to make changes , because the screamingest , loudest people who only want what they 're used to are the only ones who write to the editor .
So if they make a change and a hundred people out of a hundred thousand freak out , they give in to the hundred , because they want to pay their bills .
That 's why it 's hard – you can win hearts and minds all you want , but if somebody starts screaming you can lose that .
It 's not like on the internet where I can look at what I want , and if you do n't like it you can just go ahead and forget about it .
It was a zero - sum game , and it 's nice to be back to a non - zero - sum game situation .
Wired.com :
What are you doing with the extra time now that you 're not doing two strips ?
Stevens : Right now I 'm at Comic - Con .
I finished the last print strips on Friday and then the sky turned black and lightning struck – I 'm not even kidding .
We 're doing a week of Comic - Con , which is ridiculous , 16 hours of standing on your feet , and then I 'm going to get back and I 'm going to figure what to do with the rest of that time .
I think I 'm going to fix a lot of technology that 's broken in my life ; I 'm going to fix my website , fix my store , fix my office .
Maybe get some blogs going , or start another comic , or maybe collect all the print strips and do a book , because I think that would be a nice way to get some closure .
It was a hard life for a couple of years there ; it'd be nice to hold the book .
Wired.com :
What would you say to a young cartoonist – or maybe not so young – who is thinking , " Should I take my stuff on the web , or should I shop it to the syndicates , or should I do both ? "
Stevens : I would say , if you have no audience , and you do n't want to promote yourself , if you do n't like doing legwork , and somebody offers you a contract in any large media company , take it , keep whatever rights you can keep .
If you like to be an independent person , if you like to talk to guys like Lore and do interviews and buy advertising and you do n't mind doing business work and grunt crap work , go on the internet .
The only reason I was able to turn down the exposure of being in papers is because I had another venue .
If there was no other venue , I 'd be stupid to quit .
It 's a venue which I 'm sure got more people on a daily basis than my website did , even as a very small print syndicated person .
But the quality of the user on the website is generally higher – they 're someone who will support you more , emotionally and financially .
For me , I like to talk to people , I like to mail things out , it 's better for me to farm , like an intelligent , organic farmer , a smaller audience of acquaintances and fans than it is for me to go mass - market with a lot of people who really wish I was n't there .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com ; Diesel Sweeties panels courtesy R. Stevens
See Also :
As if social media was n't already , well , social enough , a relatively new open protocol for securely sharing information between web sites , called OAuth , has received a major boost for broad adoption .
Developed collectively by a variety of web giants and independent experts , every party involved has signed a covenant not to sue anyone who uses OAuth in a product .
Until OAuth , there was n't much of a standard for allowing websites to exchange information or users to move their data from one site to another .
The tools that sites like LinkedIn and Twitter have employed for sniffing your Gmail contacts for friends who may already use their services often require entering your Google credentials into a non-Google site .
While many of these sites may arguably be trustworthy , a number of efforts collectively called " data portability initiatives " have launched to solve the problems of how to let users move their data between services , and grant secure access in the process .
OAuth is just such an initiative , and it has had the developmental backing of individuals and employees of companies like Google , AOL , Yahoo , Twitter , Pownce , Six Apart , Blaine Cook ( formerly of Twitter , now at Yahoo ) , and Mark Atwood .
Conceived in November 2006 with a 1.0 draft formalized nearly a year later , OAuth has been incorporated very recently by a handful of companies , with Google contributing to the movement by adding OAuth to all of its APIs last month .
Yahoo also incorporated OAuth this month for the launch of Fire Eagle , its location - aware data arbitration service for social applications and services .
The OAuth protocol works by providing secure tools for one site ( referred to as a " Consumer " ) to make a secure request to another site ( called the " Service Provider " ) for a specific set of data without ever requiring the user to hand over their name and password .
" While OpenID is all about using a single identity to sign into many sites , " OAuth 's site explains , " OAuth is about giving access to your stuff without sharing your identity at all ( or its secret parts ) . "
With such a widely supported protocol like OAuth gaining steam , it is n't hard to imagine a not - too - distant web where users can more securely allow Facebook to pull one 's collection of Flickr photos tagged with " party , " or Brightkite to scan one 's Gmail contacts for friends who may be in the neighborhood .
These kinds of data exchanges can be highly granular , customized by the user , and revoked at any time .
That has n't been possible previously , though , as Eran Hammer - Lahav , one of OAuth 's frequent contributors , explains on his blog : " The problem is that in order to implement specifications , the developer usually has to write code that uses some existing patents .
It is practically impossible , " Hammer - Lahav continues , " to know which patents are involved , but at a minimum , the developers need to know that the people who wrote the specification are not going to sue them . "
Thankfully , a signed covenant to not sue over OAuth implementations is exactly what all of OAuth 's contributors have provided .
Exhibited in the new License section of the OAuth 1.0 specification , OAuth has been sanctioned for use by any developer or company , which opens the doors for a lot more secure data access and portability .
SUVA ( Reuters ) - Fiji ’s military government deported the Australian publisher of Rupert Murdoch ’s Fiji Times newspaper on Friday , after declaring him a threat to national security .
The move is the latest crackdown on the media in Fiji since military commander Frank Bainimarama seized power in a bloodless coup in late 2006 , and comes amid growing international criticism of the slow progress in returning the island chain to democracy .
Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Evan Hannah ’s deportation was “ a reprehensible attack by the illegal Fiji interim government on human rights and freedom of speech . ”
Hannah was escorted by a soldier onto a Korean Airline flight to Seoul , despite a court order that he attend an appeal hearing against the deportation order , the newspaper said .
The Fiji government issued a statement on Friday saying Hannah acted in “ a manner prejudicial to the peace , defense , public safety , public order , public morality , public health , security or good governance of the Fiji Islands . ”
National Security and Immigration Minister Ratu Epeli Ganilau said he wanted to explain Hannah ’s offences , but his statement failed to mention any specific offences .
“ The security interests of the Sovereign State of Fiji at this point in time are of paramount importance .
Mr Hannah was previously cautioned of the implications of his actions .
He , however , chose to ignore this , ” said Ganilau .
Fiji Times Editor Netani Rika said Fijian journalists have been harassed by the government for 18 months and that the latest deportation was part of a campaign to silence media criticism .
“ Our people have been under constant threat and intimidation for the last 18 months .
Mr Hannah is not the first journalist to be removed from his home , ” Rika told Australian radio .
“ All I can think of right now , that it is an attempt to intimidate the media , yes , ” he said .
The deportation comes after another Australian , Russell Hunter , publisher of the rival Fiji Sun newspaper , was deported in February for criticizing Bainimarama ’s government .
“ ANOTHER SORRY MILESTONE ”
The U.S. State Department ’s annual human rights report , released in March , said Fiji ’s security forces and police arbitrarily detained and sometimes abused individuals , resulting in three deaths in 2007 .
“ The night - time abduction of Fiji Times publisher Evan Hannah marks yet another sorry milestone on the interim government ’s road to disgrace , ” said the Fiji Sun in an editorial on Friday .
“ Make no mistake , these deportations are the precursors to stringent and punitive media controls ... , ” it said .
“ This will give the interim government what it has long craved : total control over what the people of Fiji are permitted to know and even discuss publicly .
It will give the regime the power to act in secret . ”
Bainimarama has promised to hold free and fair elections by early 2009 , but South Pacific foreign ministers said in March that more work was needed to meet the election timetable .
Murdoch ’s Australian publishing arm , News Ltd , has condemned Hannah ’s deportation .
Ganilau said Hannah was “ escorted from home with courtesy ” and that his deportation would not intended to undermine the owners or investors of the Fiji Times .
The Fiji Times ’ editor said his newspaper had always been a watchdog on government policies regardless of who was in power and would not soften its stance despite the latest deportation .
“ For us at the Fiji Times , it just means that we now know that the government will not take dissenting views lightly , but it also means that we have an even more important role to play to ensure that the views of all people in this country are made known , including the views of the government , ” he said .
( Writing by Michael Perry ; Editing by John Chalmers )
Party Poopers German Cops Mistaken for Strippers
When you 're having a great party and two men in police uniforms knock at your door , they 're not necessarily male strippers -- they may actually be police officers .
A young woman in western Germany learned that lesson at the weekend .
It was business as usual last week at Huntington Park ’s Crown Poly Inc. , where workers in the brightly lit factory scurried around large , loud machines churning out hundreds of thousands of clear plastic bags per hour .
But all that could change if the Los Angeles City Council has its way .
A day before I visited Crown Poly , the council had voted to ban plastic bags at supermarkets and stores citywide by 2010 .
The city ’s ordinance will be enacted if the state fails to impose a pending 25 - cent - per - bag charge on shoppers who request plastic over paper .
“ Plastic bags are a big problem , ” said Councilman Ed Reyes , who proposed the ban .
“ You see them on sidewalks and in gutters , clogging up the storm drains , floating in the river and ocean . ”
Advertisement
L.A. consumers use an estimated 2.3 billion plastic bags each year .
Statewide , 19 billion plastic bags are doled out by retailers annually .
Yet only about 5 % end up being recycled , even though , in Los Angeles at least , all you have to do is put them in your blue recycling bin .
The plastic bag industry sued Los Angeles County this month over a plan for retailers to voluntarily reduce the number of plastic bags in circulation by 30 % as of 2010 and by 65 % three years later .
If the goals are n’t met , county officials could implement an all - out ban on plastic bags .
The industry also launched a website -- SaveThePlasticBag.com -- challenging what it calls “ myths and misinformation ” surrounding bag use .
“ Why pick on plastic bags ? ” asked Stephen Joseph , a lawyer representing the industry .
“ They ’re one of the least harmful things known to mankind . ”
Advertisement
He also took this newspaper to task for describing plastic bags in an editorial last week as “ an environmental atrocity . ”
“ When I hear words like ‘ environmental atrocity , ’ I think of Love Canal or Chernobyl , ” Joseph said .
“ Not plastic bags . ”
Clearly he needs to spend a little more time at Compton Creek or the Los Angeles River .
Both waterways are choked at times with plastic bags .
But the issue is indeed more complex than pro- and anti-bag forces make out .
Advertisement
At Crown Poly , the nation ’s leading maker of plastic produce bags and a growing manufacturer of carryout bags , machine operator Eric Gutierrez , 27 , said he did n’t know what would happen if the L.A. bag ban took effect .
He figures at least some of the company ’s 245 jobs could be eliminated .
“ I see a future for me here , ” Gutierrez said amid the steady roar of machinery .
“ I ’m worried about that now . ”
Elicia Ortiz , 41 , the factory ’s quality control inspector , echoed this sentiment .
“ I ’m a single mom , ” she said .
“ Everyone who is against plastic bags should consider all the people who depend on this for a living . ”
Advertisement
That ’s certainly one aspect of the issue that merits more attention .
Another is the feasibility of banning plastic bags .
I consider myself to be as green - minded as the next guy .
But , like many people , I routinely ask for plastic bags at the supermarket so I can reuse them as garbage bags , lunch bags and all - purpose storage bags .
More than a few dog owners , meanwhile , rely on plastic bags for , well , you know .
I ’m aware that I should tote my own canvas bag to the supermarket , but this is n’t always possible .
And am I supposed to start purchasing separate plastic bags for garbage ?
That does n’t strike me as the most environmentally ( or economically ) friendly solution .
San Francisco banned plastic bags in November .
Many shoppers promptly switched to canvas .
Many others , though , simply settled for paper bags at the checkout stand .
Advertisement
Paper bags may not present the same disposal problems as plastic , and they ’re easier to recycle , but they ’re not exactly a boon to the environment .
Paper bags require more energy to produce and , because they ’re heavier , are more expensive to transport .
Also , they just wo n’t do as garbage pail liners , unless you like things messy .
On the other hand , plastic bags pose a danger to marine life , and that ’s something that should concern us all .
The plastic bag industry is fond of saying there ’s no evidence to support this contention , but that ’s just silly .
There ’s nothing natural about plastic bags in rivers and oceans .
It seems ridiculous to think that birds , fish , turtles and the rest can safely coexist with these polyethylene invasions of their habitats .
Advertisement
The answer , I think , is to aim for elimination of plastic bags , but to get there via a transitional step of first introducing more efficient bags .
The folks at Crown Poly are already thinking along these lines .
The company has developed what it calls the Hippo Sak .
It costs about twice as much to produce as a typical plastic bag , but it ’s bigger and stronger .
That means stores could actually save money by loading more stuff into a single bag and no longer needing to double - or even triple - bag groceries .
Because of its size and durability , the Hippo Sak also makes for an even better garbage bag at home .
I tested one of the bags at the factory .
It was crammed full of heavy cans and did n’t rip or break when I hefted it about .
Advertisement
“ The bags go from the store to your trunk , then to your garbage and then to a landfill , ” said Cathy Browne , Crown Poly ’s general manager .
“ We think this can greatly reduce litter . ”
Perhaps .
If nothing else , the hardier bags are a more sensible way of using plastic until consumers grow comfortable with the notion of not using plastic at all .
“ When we tried to tell the L.A. politicians about this , ” Browne said , “ they did n’t even listen . ”
If so , that was a mistake .
Clearly we need to rethink our convenience - centric , throwaway culture and come up with consumer and business practices that pay more respect to our surroundings .
Advertisement
And if part of the solution comes from a company in the L.A. area , where plastic bags are indeed an environmental atrocity , so much the better .
--
Consumer Confidential runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Who 's driving the war ?
It 's an open secret Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Scott McClellan goes mute
Advertisement
Interesting ...
Scott McClellan can attack his former boss , but he can't seem to mention the word " neocon " or " Israel " in connection with the U.S. drive to war in the Middle East , first in Iraq and now Iran .
Scott will deride the " Vulcans " but wo n't get close to touching the third rail that is the " neoconservative " vultures .
Who runs American foreign policy in the Middle East ?
It 's an open secret .
Hint :
It 's not us .
Professor Karen Kirkby , of the University of Surrey , has been working hard in the past two years .
Determined to help develop new charged particle beam therapies for cancer treatment , she 's been involved with the assembly of the world 's first vertical scanning nanobeam in a new building .
And now she 's almost ready to start an exciting series of experiments with cancer - killing protons .
The new facilities at the Surrey Ion Beam Centre are for basic research to underpin the next generation of proton therapy .
Precisely aimed protons ( a positively charged hydrogen ion ) can destroy cancerous tissue without harming anything else .
The technique is used to treat eye cancers at the Clatterbridge Centre for Oncology , although the UK still lags other countries in providing high - energy proton therapy facilities for other cancers ( Beaming in on a deadly disease , August 10 2006 ) .
Fitting out the new four - storey building with the 12 - metre beamline has given Kirkby a big challenge .
" We were hoping to have the beamline in operation by now , " she says .
" This is likely to be a problem when you are building equipment that is the first of its kind in the world and pushing the frontiers of technology .
Some of the companies and groups we have been working with have been wonderful and helped us find innovative solutions . "
Kirkby , who is a physicist , believes that the vertical scanning nanobeam ( producing a 10 - nanometre diameter beam of protons to scan individual cells ) will offer a " world - class facility " for researchers .
" It 's also a collaboration between the clinical community and scientists working in the physical and biological sciences and engineers .
We have particularly strong links with clinicians in the neuro - oncology group in Cambridge and the Gray Cancer Institute " - which is moving to the University of Oxford .
Why do these scientists feel so motivated to do this demanding research ?
The answer is simple : high - energy proton therapy has already saved the lives of UK patients like Jackie Jennings , who was successfully treated for chondrosarcoma , a rare cancerous tumour , at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston .
The new beamline will help understand how radiation affects living cells and show reactions between drugs and radiation .
Its proton nanobeam is capable of scanning 100,000 cells per hour and , using experimental data , computational research will construct virtual tumours and devise new treatment strategies .
Kirkby is looking forward to some significant discoveries .
" We 've got plenty of exciting experiments lined up . "
12 Length in metres of the beamline of the world 's first vertical scanning nanobeam being assembled in a new Surrey facility
Judge orders White House to find , preserve e-mails Stephen C. Webster
Published : Wednesday July 30 , 2008
Print This Email This Tuesday , after concluding that some White House e-mails have not been properly preserved on back - up tapes , U.S. District Court Judge John M. Facciola ordered the Bush administration to locate the missing communications on portable devices and individual workstations .
In January , RAW STORY reported on a White House chart shown to Congress which claimed that for a period of 473 days , no e-mail was archived .
The chart , which was not made public , directly conflicts with White House Spokesman Ton Fratto's claim that " we have absolutely no reason to believe that any e-mails are missing . "
Additionally , e-mails from Vice President Dick Cheney 's office went missing during a crucial period of time when he and aides were involved in stemming the tide of the Valerie Plame scandal .
Likewise , a January report by the Associated Press found that some White House e-mail back - up tapes were reused .
While the judge did not order the Executive Office of the President to make forensic copies of the workstations in question , he did say that " there likely are e-mails not currently being preserved on back - up tapes . "
" We are pleased that despite the White House 's plea for reconsideration , the Magistrate Judge stood his ground and recommended that the White House be ordered to locate and preserve emails that may be missing from backup tapes but were saved on individual workstations and portable media devices , " commented Sheila Shadmand , counsel for the Archive , in a published report .
" Each of the Judge 's recent rulings in our favor has brought us one step closer to ensuring that the documentary history of this Administration is not forever lost . "
On July 19th , three activists were arrested for breaking through police barricades around Pelosi's Pacific Heights mansion and " dying in " on her walkway to protest against war with Iran .
Code pinkers Toby Blome and Phoebe sorgen and peace organizer David Hartsough were arrested during the Die - In .
They broke through the police barricades around Pelosi 's home to lie down " as examples of the death that will come to yet another country if the build - up toward war is not halted " .
Pelosi was not home -- she was in Austin , Texas being protested by Austin Code Pink .
When Toby was being walked to the police car in handcuffs , she called out in a strong but anguished voice , " Pelosi , not another war ! "
The crowd warmly cheered and applauded the courage of Toby , Phoebe and David .
Medea Benjamin and Leslie Angeline were among the dozen or so representing Code Pink .
They joined over 60 others from Act Against Torture Western States Legal Foundation and other organizations .
FM DJ Soul of 104.1 in Berkeley also spoke out during the die-in .
Actions on the weekend of July 19th coincided with UFPJ 's national call for action Many banners and signs focused on House Concurrent Resolution 362 and the $ 400 million the US is spending on covert operations in Iran .
Protest organizers say that " as the Bush administration maneuvers to bomb Iran , Congress has been a willing enabler of the administration 's crimes of aggression . "
Additionally they point out that " Pelosi is one of the ' gang of eight ' - congressional leaders that granted the administration the powers ( and $ 400 million ) for covert operations inside Iran to destabilize the regime and potentially clear the path for war .
Congress and Speaker Pelosi have the ability to stop the administration 's war plans .
They can pass a resolution requiring congressional approval for any future military action .
" A rally to oppose H.Con.
Res. 362 and war with Iran was also held in San Francisco at the Federal Building on July 8th .
Event Announcements : 1
On , there will be an eyewitness report - back at the SF Women ’s Building from two Iranian American activists just back from Iran .
At 7 pm , they will make presentations on myths and realities about life in Iran today , the continued U.S. - European aggression against Iran and the danger of a new war .
1. Junior Mints , Seinfeld
" Who 's gonna turn down a Junior Mint ?
It 's chocolate , it 's peppermint , it 's delicious ! "
Were truer words ever spoken ?
But it might not have been that way — other candy companies were originally asked for permission to place their product in that episode .
Not seeing the humor in having their bread - and - butter fall into the open chest cavity of a patient , Seinfeld was turned down by M&Ms and Lifesavers ( among others ) before finally getting to the Junior Mint people .
No money exchanged hands between Tootsie Roll ( Junior Mints ' parent company ) and Seinfeld .
With the amount of product exposure Junior Mints gained from that episode , that 's quite a deal .
Watch a clip here .
2. Reese 's Pieces , E.T .
Between Seinfeld and E.T. , M&Ms has really missed some huge marketing opportunities ( not that the company is exactly hurting ) .
The rumor is that Mars , Inc. , just did n't think this was a worthwhile movie on which to spend their advertising dollars , but no one has ever substantiated that fact .
Whatever the reason is , it was a big mistake — Mars ' competitor , Hershey , snapped up the opportunity to promote Reese 's Pieces .
Hershey agreed to spend $ 1 million promoting E.T. in exchange for the rights to use E.T. in its ads .
The payoff was huge — the delightful little peanut butter candies ( can you tell I like Reese 's Pieces ? ) saw a reported 65 % jump in profits just two weeks after the movie 's premiere .
3. Ray - Ban , Risky Business
I used to love that episode of Saved by the Bell when Zack , Slater and Screech are home alone and they bust out some Risky Business - style moves wearing socks and using brooms as guitars .
Anyway .
Back to Business .
At the time , the Wayfarer sunglasses Tom Cruise modeled in that movie were pretty much biting the dust .
Annual sales were only about 18,000 .
After Tom Cruise wore them in the movie ( and on the cover of the movie ) in 1983 , sales skyrocketed to 360,000 .
By 1989 , Ray - Ban had sold more than four million of the Wayfarer model .
A bit of trivia for you : Audrey Hepburn wore Wayfarers in Breakfast at Tiffany's , Don Johnson wore them in Miami Vice , Bruce Willis wore them in Moonlighting and ol ' Tom Cruise tried them on again for Top Gun .
Why such the gap between Audrey and the 80's revival ?
Well , in 1982 , Ray - Ban inked a contract with a product placement company : $ 50,000 per year to put Ray - Bans in movies and television .
4. Fed -Ex , Cast Away
You cannot escape the product placement of Fed - Ex in Cast Away .
It 's literally everywhere .
And what great publicity — when Fed - Ex manager Chuck Noland washes up on a deserted island , he collects all of the Fed - Ex boxes that washed up with him .
While he ends up opening most of them to aid in his survival on the island , he leaves one unopened and returns it to its rightful owner when he makes it back to land many years later .
How 's that for reliability ?
CEO Fred Smith even had a cameo in the movie .
And what did Fed - Ex pay for all of this ?
Absolutely nothing .
They were reluctant to allow their image and brand to be used at first — the plane crash scene really bothered them .
But ultimately , they decided that the movie had a good message and the brand awareness they would get would be worth it .
5. Reebok , Jerry Maguire
This one should be titled " When product placement goes bad . "
If you think back hard enough , you will remember that Cuba Gooding , Jr's character , Rod Tidwell , held a grudge against Reebok for the entire movie because Reebok would n't use him in their ads .
Reebok provided more than $ 1.5 million in merchandise , ads and promotional materials to be featured in the movie because they thought the ending of the movie would be a little different .
Over the closing credits , a fake Reebok commercial was supposed to be shown with Reebok saying , " Rod Tidwell .
We ignored him for years .
We were wrong .
We 're sorry . "
However , that scene got cut .
So Reebok ended up investing $ 1.5 million to have their brand disparaged for a couple of hours .
They sued and TriStar pictures settled out - of - court for an undisclosed amount .
6. White Castle , Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle
The other day , Higgins posted about deal - breaker books .
I could see this being a deal - breaker movie , but I 'll admit it anyway — I love Harold and Kumar .
( White Castle is OK . )
Because of its national recognition , Krispy Kreme was also approached to play a role in the movie .
Krispy Kreme was not thrilled by the idea of the brand being so closely associated with a Cheech - and - Chong - esque movie and turned them down .
White Castle had no qualms about being featured and even agreed to promote the film with collectible cups , radio ads and signage .
They did n't pay a dime for product placement , however .
7. Staples , The Office
Anyone who is a fan of The Office knows that Staples is Dunder - Mifflin 's biggest competitor .
That 's not just a mere coincidence .
The Office has product placement deals with Staples , Hewlett Packard and Activision 's Call of Duty computer game , among others .
But the Staples deal is undoubtedly the one that is referenced the most .
Not only is the brand mentioned as DM 's biggest competitor , but Staples products are shown in virtually every episode .
Look closely next time you watch and you could find anything from Staples - brand blank CDs to Staples - brand fax paper .
A Staples shredder was even an integral part of one episode , where Kevin demonstrates the power of the shredder by using it to make a salad .
While I was n't able to find how much Staples coughs up to be featured so prominently in the show , it 's clear that they are very proud of their affiliation .
When one episode featured Dwight quitting his job at Staples to return to Dunder Mifflin , Staples released this memo .
A company with a sense of humor ?
Makes me want to buy my pens there .
8. BMW Z3 , GoldenEye
James
Bond is apparently one of the most powerful car salesmen in the world .
After driving Aston Martins for years , 007 found himself equipped with a BMW Z3 Roadster in 1995 's GoldenEye .
Sure , it cost them $ 3 million , but people saw the movie and fell in love with the Roadster .
BMW made $ 240 million in advance sales alone .
9. Slinky , Etch-a - Sketch , Mr. Potato Head ; Toy Story
I am a testament to the power of the product placement in Toy Story .
But I 'll get to that in a minute .
When the movie came out in 1995 , classic toys like Mr. Potato Head and Slinky were n't doing so great .
After being featured as characters in the Pixar / Disney film , sales soared immediately .
Etch -a-Sketch saw a 4500 % boost .
Slinkys were no longer being produced because they were n't profitable .
Post - Toy Story , Slinky received 20,000 orders , which revitalized the company .
Mr. Potato Head sales jumped 800 % .
And that 's where I come in .
I am a sucker for those big displays at Disney World and Disneyland where you can go through the bin of Potato Head parts and shove as many will fit into a box for $ 19 .
I have a ridiculous number of parts , from Tinkerbell 's wings to Dumbo 's ears to Cruella DeVil 's purse .
That 's double branding right there .
Genius .
10 . Nuprin , Doritos , Pepsi , Pizza Hut , Reebok ; Wayne 's World
Finally , we get to my favorite .
The fact that I just rattled off all of the brands featured in this brief clip from a movie that came out 16 years ago just goes to show you how effective product placement can be .
On Sunday , I was reading about arrows in Haskell , and I noticed that these diagrams of the primitive arrow functions looked rather like diagrams of data flow in concatenative ( stack - based ) languages .
This suggested that they might be related , or transformable .
( IRC log of the early discussion )
I have now found that simple concatenative code is quite easily expressed with arrows , but there are apparent limitations depending on the value representation .
If you use tuples ( i.e. ( a , ( b , ( ) ) ) ) , then the standard arrow combinators can be used for some nice definitions ( e.g. call and m1_0 in the code below ) , and you automatically get Haskell 's static typing for stack elements , but recursion and general quotation calling is not possible because the entire " stack " , even the items not touched by the current " word " , needs a specific type .
I 'd think this could be solved by existential types but I have n't seen a way to do so yet .
) , then the standard arrow combinators can be used for some nice definitions ( e.g. and in the code below ) , and you automatically get Haskell 's static typing for stack elements , but recursion and general quotation calling is not possible because the entire " stack " , even the items not touched by the current " word " , needs a specific type .
I 'd think this could be solved by existential types but I have n't seen a way to do so yet .
If you use lists ( i.e. a : b : [ ] ) , then general calls and recursion are possible , but the stack is homogeneous , and the type system can't see anything interesting about words ' stack usage .
Below are my ( rather disorganized ) experiments so far .
If you see a way to remove the restrictions of the tuple version , please let me know !
{-# OPTIONS - fno- monomorphism - restriction #-} module Concat where import Data .
Typeable import Data .
Dynamic import Control .
Arrow import Data .
Maybe --
Stack shuffling combinators rot = arr ( \ ( a , ( b , ( c , z ) ) ) -> ( c , ( a , ( b , z ) ) ) ) dup = arr ( \ ( a , z ) -> ( a , ( a , z ) ) ) swap = arr ( \ ( a , ( b , z ) ) -> ( b , ( a , z ) ) ) -- opN : N - argument pure functions to words op1 f = arr ( \ ( a , z ) -> ( f a , z ) ) op2 f = arr ( \ ( a , ( b , z ) ) -> ( f b a , z ) ) --
Turn a function producing a monadic action into a word m1_0 f = first ( Kleisli f ) >>> arr snd -- Literal push ; usually implicit in concatenative languages push x = arr ( ( , ) x ) --
Call a quotation call = app keep = arr ( \( q , ( v , z ) ) -> ( ( q , ( v , z ) ) , v ) ) >>> first app >>> arr ( \ ( z , v ) -> ( v , z ) ) dip = arr ( \( q , ( v , z ) ) -> ( ( q , z ) , v ) ) >>> first app >>> arr ( \( z , v ) -> ( v , z ) ) -- callM_N : Call a quotation , hiding all but M stack elements and producing N. --
This was an attempt to work around the recursion / call typing problem .
call1_1 :: ( ArrowApply a ) => a ( a ( b , ( ) ) ( c , ( ) ) , ( b , z ) ) ( c , z ) call1_1 = arr ( \( q , ( v , z ) ) -> ( ( q , ( v , ( ) ) ) , z ) ) >>> first app >>> arr ( \( ( v , ( ) ) , z ) -> ( v , z ) ) call1_0 = arr ( \( q , ( v , z ) ) -> ( ( q , ( v , ( ) ) ) , z ) ) >>> first app >>> arr (\ (( ) , z ) -> z ) -- Conditionals -- ifte takes quotations on the stack like in Joy and Factor ; iftep is -- parameterized by the branches and thus more like Forth , and does n't need -- ArrowApply .
ifte = arr ( \( fq , ( tq , ( c , z ) ) ) -> if c then Left ( tq , z ) else Right ( fq , z ) ) >>> ( app | || app ) iftep t f = arr ( \ ( c , z ) -> if c then Left z else Right z ) >>> ( t | || f ) --
Failed experiment in avoiding explicitly specifying one of the callM_N family .
--
For some reason , it infers an equal - height input and output stack , or -- something like that .
class Call i o where ccall :: ( ArrowApply a ) => a ( a ( i ( ) ) ( o ( ) ) , ( i z ) ) ( o z ) -- Examples / test cases .
e2 = push ( push 1 >>> m 1_0 print ) >>> call e3 = push 1 >>> push 2 >>> push ( m1_0 print ) >>> dip >>> ( m1_0 print ) e4 = push False >>> push ( push " T " ) >>> push ( push " F " ) >>> ifte >>> m1_0 print e5 = push False >>> iftep ( push " T " ) ( push " F " ) >>> m1_0 print e6 = push 1 >>> push ( m1_0 print ) >>> keep >>>
m1_0 print -- typetest = push ( m1_0 print ) >>> dup >>> push " a " >>> swap >>> ccall -- >>> push " b " >>> swap >>> ccall example = push 1 >>> push 2 >>> push 3 >>> rot >>> op2 (/ ) >>> op2 (* ) >>>
m1_0 print hide = second toDyn reveal = second ( fromJust . fromDynamic ) -- recursive = hide >>> dup >>> op1 null >>> iftep ( returnA ) ( dup >>> op1 head -- >>> op1 succ >>> swap >>> op1 tail >>> recursive >>> op2 ( : ) ) -- >>> reveal -- List - based combinators .
Currently lacking a solution for putting interesting -- values on the stack .
lop1 f = arr ( \ ( a:z ) -> f a : z ) lop2 f = arr ( \ ( a : b:z ) -> f b a : z ) ldup f = arr ( \ ( a:z ) -> a :a:z ) lpush x = arr ( x : ) lrot = arr ( \( a:b: c:z ) -> c:a :b:z ) lswap = arr ( \ ( a : b:z ) -> b:a:z ) liftep t f = arr ( \ ( c:z ) -> if c then Left z else Right z ) >>> ( t ||| f ) lexample = lpush 1 >>> lpush 2 >>> lpush 3 >>> lrot >>> lop2 (/ ) >>> lop2 (* ) >>> ( Kleisli print ) -- lrecursive = ldup >>> lop1 null >>> liftep ( returnA ) ( ldup >>> lop1 head -- >>> lop1 succ >>> lswap >>> lop1 tail >>> lrecursive >>> lop2 ( : ) )
Domain registrar Network Solutions has come under fire this week for what some believe is " domain name frontrunning . "
The practice resulted in Network Solutions registering a previously - unregistered domain to itself immediately after someone searched for it , then holding the domain for four days before it could be purchased by someone else or at another registrar .
But the company claims that it 's merely trying to protect customers from others doing exactly that .
Until there is more regulation over frontrunning from ICANN , this is the best it can come up with .
News circulated about Network Solutions ' controversial practice over the weekend and built momentum throughout the week , as the company gained more and more bad press .
Critics said that Network Solutions was holding domains hostage — the policy forced people to become Network Solutions customers instead of being able to go to another registrar after searching for domain availability .
Network Solutions , however , insists that this is not the case .
In a statement sent to CircleID , Network Solutions VP of Policy Jonathon Nevett described the new policy as a " security measure " meant to protect customers .
He acknowledged that the company does , indeed , put a hold on the domain name after a search is performed and reserves it for four days , but that if a customer searches for the same domain within that time at networksolutions.com , it will be available to register .
After the four days is up , the domain is released .
" This protection measure provides our customers the opportunity to register domains they have previously searched without the fear that the name will be already taken through Front Running , " Nevett wrote .
" Some folks may not agree with our approach , but we are trying to prevent this malicious activity from impacting our customers . "
Of course , this does n't exactly explain away the hostage accusations ( after all , people can only register that domain through Network Solutions during the four - day period after their search ) , nor does the company have any documentation on its site about the policy .
But CEO Champ Mitchell told IDG yesterday that change was coming , and that it was " looking into " a feature that would allow users to choose whether they want the domain to be held or not .
Mitchell added that if ICANN would do something to help cut down " real " frontrunning , registrars like Network Solutions would n't have to pull stunts like this .
" We would be perfectly happy to end this process if ICANN or the registries would do something to protect small businesses or other small users , " he said .
In October , ICANN announced that it had begun an investigation into accusations over insider frontrunning , asking for feedback from the community and submissions of more evidence of frontrunning .
At the time , ICANN recognized the lack of regulation covering domain name frontrunning , and made it clear that a stronger set of standards needed to be established within the registrar community .
Whether you 're sharing some wine with friends over a home - cooked meal or celebrating with a bottle of champagne with your girlfriend 's parents , getting the details right not only allows everyone to ... [ more
In the summer of 1966 , the Beatles had just recorded Revolver , rock 's first full - on foray into what a band could pull off in the studio .
But they were still every bit a live , coming - to - your - town touring band when they trekked off for world tour number three .
It was a tour that , in the wake of John Lennon 's claim that " we 're more popular than Jesus " , would lead to record burnings and death threats in America 's Bible belt .
Beatles obsessives have long talked about what happened on that tour , and in particular what happened at a gig in Memphis .
Someone shot at the band , goes one theory .
A car backfired , runs another .
The general consensus , though , is that someone lobbed a cherry bomb , a powerful type of firework , at the stage , while the Beatles performed their second set .
Depending on who you listen to , or which web chatroom you log on to , the Beatles stopped short - or carried on as though nothing had happened .
Some people say the band were frightened by the explosion - they had mistaken it for a gunshot , each looking around to see if one of them had been shot down .
Whatever the truth , collective decisions rarely come faster .
As Lennon said , that was it .
Last tour .
We 're done here .
And then , late last year , word started going around : a tape that had long been hoped for , but no one really thought would ever turn up , would soon be up on the web .
It turned out that two teenage girls had lugged a portable tape recorder to the Memphis show .
There were already plenty of 1966 shows available as bootleg recordings , including a number from Tokyo in near - perfect fidelity for the era .
But the Memphis gig was the stuff of fantasy .
If you collect bootlegs , as I do , you live for that moment when incredulity gives way to wonder .
The tapes of the 1966 Tokyo gigs do n't inspire any wonder : they 're a good indication of how poor the band was throughout much of their final world tour .
But when I first heard what has been dubbed the " Cherry Bomb Tapes " , after tracking it down online , I heard a group raring to go .
These guys were up for it .
However , once we get to If I Needed Someone , swagger turns to humility mighty fast .
Someone does indeed set off a cherry bomb , or some kind of backyard explosive , and the men of the moment blast off into double - time , Lennon positively flogging his rhythm guitar .
With audible proof of the explosion comes debate .
What , for instance , would have happened if that cherry bomb had never gone off ?
Touring was still a possibility for the Beatles , pre-cherry bomb .
That firecracker is the sound of a decision , a ne plus ultra moment for a band that was already contemplating a seismic shift in how they were going to do business : in the studio , with rock 'n ' roll taking life as collage art , rather than the stuff of teenybopper caprices and the night out at the baseball stadium .
The Beatles ' alleged telepathy gets a lot of play in the assorted versions of their story - like George Harrison 's oft - cited remark that he was n't sure what " we " thought about God yet , as though thoughts passed from Beatle to Beatle without need for articulation .
But to have the life all but scared out of you - to share that experience with three other people , and arrive at the same conclusion - is n't so much telepathy as basic humanity coming to the fore .
The band who get terrified together tend to retreat together , especially when their art is better served in doing so .
Let 's consider Pepperland , and how the distance from the band 's final tour to the experimentation of Strawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane was bridged by what went down in Memphis .
Once that cherry bomb went off , with no need to worry about recreating their studio work on stage , the Beatles were free to tear loose .
Before long , the rest of the heavy hitters would follow suit .
The Stones ended up with the jumbled Their Satanic Majesties Request , while Brian Wilson , forever in heated competition with Lennon and McCartney , soon found himself going mad .
Studio fever , almost .
But the demarcation had been established .
Touring was no longer at the heart of what it meant to be a rock 'n ' roll band .
If what you did in the studio was big enough , you did n't have to worry about whose town you were n't going to next .
It was all about the vinyl now .
The best bootlegs function as great lost masterpieces : the 1966 Bob Dylan show in Manchester was the classic live recording of his career , but languished in the vaults for 40 years before getting an official release ; check out the Stone Roses live at Glasgow Green in the summer of 1990 , when even their staunchest followers were wondering if they could still cut it .
Most bands , if they 're lucky , have one great live album .
If you want to know what those bands were really like at their best , you have to go underground .
The Beatles did n't even really get their one classic live album , unless you count the patched - together Live at the Hollywood Bowl , from 1977 .
But the Cherry Bomb Tapes are much more than just a live recording .
It 's not especially uplifting to hear a band playing as though they have just been shot at , and a lot of listeners will find their pleasure quotient ratcheted down by the sound quality .
But what you 're really listening for is history , the sound of a collective , immediate decision .
And while the historical cachet of bootlegs typically centres on their artistry , the Cherry Bomb Tapes are different .
They 're about history itself , a distillation of a tall tale into the here and now , folklore becoming tangible .
Police in Papua New Guinea have been ordered to shoot criminals wearing police uniforms , following robberies at two banks .
Police chief Gari Baki announced the dramatic measure following two bank raids in which more than three million kina ( $ 1.2 m ; £ 584,000 ) was stolen .
He said he believed the same gang was behind each incident .
" They will be shot on sight if they are seen committing a crime in police uniform , " Mr Baki said .
" This uniform belongs to the Queen , and its reputation should not be tarnished by criminals . "
The UK's Queen Elizabeth II is still the country 's formal head of state .
Escape
In May , thieves netted more than a million kina when they raided a branch of the Bank South Pacific ( BSP ) in Kerema , on the country 's south coast .
Another two million kina were reportedly stolen in a raid on a branch of the same bank in Madang , on the country 's north - east coast , last weekend .
In both cases , the thieves are said to have disguised themselves as police officers , and to have taken bank managers and their families hostage .
Three men were apprehended in connection with the Madang raid on Monday , reported the local Post - Courier newspaper , but one escaped from a police van .
' No vehicle '
Crime and corruption are rife in Papua New Guinea .
Gangs are prevalent in the capital , Port Moresby .
But police are equipped with few resources , with one report suggesting the armed robbery section does not even have a vehicle .
The government has announced it will provide 3.2 million kina to set up a special police task force to tackle the problem .
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website .
By continuing , you are agreeing to our use of cookies .
To find out more , please click this link .
By Thomas R. Hart
December 29 , 2004
NewsWithViews.com
John Dewey lived from 1859 - 1952 , overlapping the adult life of Roger Nash Baldwin ( 1884-1981 ) by 40 years .
Both were educators , both shared in the 1920 founding of the ACLU , and both were communists , albeit that Dewey was an anti-Stalin Marxist while the younger Baldwin was a CPUSA ( Communist Party of the USA ) Stalinist .
Neither man was a Christian or believer in God.
Baldwin was raised as a Unitarian and was a firm believer in their socialist credo " to affirm and promote the inherent dignity and worth of every person . "
While that Unitarian philosophy was as close to religion as Dewey ever came even later in life , both are listed as " Notable American Unitarians . "
Dewey , who is commonly known as the " Father of Modern Education " was the originator of using public education for social change , the idea that started the systematic brainwashing of America 's children .
To know him as the ' Father of Modern Educational Brainwashing ' would be more suitable , as many believe that the modern educational philosophy and practice of the National Education Association is to brainwash students in order to achieve social change .
Being 25 years younger , Baldwin would fall into the ' Second Generation of Educational Brainwashing ' that began sometime around 1920 following his WW - I socialist / pacifist anti-war activities .
1920 is also significant in that it coincides with his founding the ACLU with Dewey and other social and judicial activists like Norman Thomas , Jane Adams , John Haynes Holmes , Eugene V. Debs , Felix Frankfurter , Oswald Garrison Villard , Clarence Darrow , Charles Beard , Elizabeth Gurley Flynn , Upton Sinclair , and other declared socialists , anarchists and communists .
It is noteworthy that both Dewey and Baldwin assisted Clara Goldwater in forming the Teachers Union Auxiliary in 1920 .
The teachers union went on to become the Teachers Guild ... and then the American Federation of Teachers ... prior the 1998 NEA / AFT partnership unification .
It is additionally noteworthy that John Dewey served on the NEA Legislative Commission that was created in 1918 , and was elected NEA Honorary Life President in 1932 .
With these significant 1920 events providing the socialist base for training future teachers , adding another 25 years takes us to 1945 for the ' Third Generation of Educational Brainwashing ' during the Baby - Boom aftermath of WW - II and the judicial activism era of the Earl Warren Supreme Court 's ' economic socialism '
Adding another 25 years moves us forward to the ' Fourth Generation of Educational Brainwashing , ' which coincided with the 1970 communist and socialist oriented Vietnam anti-war activities , the emergence of the modern NEA openly advocating the use of public education for social change , and the rise of the United States Supreme Court 's unconstitutional contradiction in terms called ' substantive due process . '
Moving forward another 25 years takes us to the ' Fifth Generation of Educational Brainwashing ' around 1995 and the unqualified Clinton support for the NEA 's use of public education for social change , accompanied by current activist Supreme Court 's ' lifestyle socialism , ' and the emergence of the ' international rule of judges ' as a means of achieving social and economic change under the ' mandate ' of the most corrupt and politically biased organization ever to exist ... the United Nations .
By 2020 we will have arrived at the 100th anniversary of using public education for social change , concurrent with the ' Sixth Generation of Educational Brainwashing . '
Fueled by ACLU attacks on our democratic system and Christianity , American institutions like the Supreme Court , the Democratic Party and some religious denominations have been gradually transformed into instruments for social change as brainwashed students have matured and grown into positions of American leadership .
With these transformations , Dewey and Baldwin 's goals of destroying America 's democratic republic from within will be completed unless we who understand this pattern sound a very loud and urgent wake - up call for the United States of America .
I do NOT think it is a coincidence that so many rabid Bill Clinton , Hillary Clinton , John Kerry , John Edwards and Howard Dean supporters are 1990's NeoSoviet products of the NEA .
Nor do I believe that it is a coincidence that the social activist roots of this NeoSov political leadership date back to the 1970 anti-war / anti-establishment movement , a group that actually believes they not only have a right to effect radical change , but truly believe that they have a duty to do so .
That these 60's - 70 's holdovers have not self - destructed by now reveals not only a fierce determination , but testifies to the support they have from the equally brainwashed NeoSov media .
It is both the media and teachers who influence general thought far more than any other groups .
Given this passion for radical thought and thought control , the traditional socialist / communist and more recent NeoSoviet hatred for Christian philosophy and belief is totally understandable because it threatens their very existence .
Evidence proving the existence of Public Education Brainwashing can be found by randomly visiting message boards and reading exchanges between conservatives who factually and logically present positions and argue issues ... and leftist morons who can't even start to defend their positions while mindlessly continuing to espouse them .
If that is n't evidence of brainwashing , I do n't know what is .
ï¿½ 2004 Thomas R. Hart - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
data LE = forall x. LE [ x ] ( [ x ] -> String )
[ x ]
The LE existential is quite similar to the SE existential we have seen earlier .
Matching an LE value against the pattern LE xs f gives the list xs and the observation function f .
As with SE , we may immediately observe xs by passing it to f .
Unlike SE , we may do more observations : find out the length of xs ; transform xs before passing it to f .
When transforming xs , we cannot examine the elements , but we may arbitrarily permute , drop and duplicate them .
Generally , we may regard xs as a set of distinct `letters ' : the alphabet Sigma .
The permissible transformations then map Sigma to Sigma* -- all strings over the alphabet .
Since we may not in any way examine the elements of the list xs given as the first component of LE , we may only refer to them by their position in xs .
We may just as well use the positions ( natural numbers ) as the stand - in for the elements .
One might think , therefore , that LE is isomorphic to the following
data LN = LN Nat ( [ Nat ] -> String )
LN
Nat
Nat
data Nat = Zero | Succ of Nat
LN
LE
[ Nat ] -> String
Nat
n
Nat
[ 0.. n - 1 ]
Size - limited natural numbers are easy to represent .
Whereas arbitrary - size
Nat s are the least - fixed point of the functor F X = 1 + X , or
data F x = Z | S x
Maybe
n
n
n
F
Empty
Empty
F
Empty
F ( F Empty )
Z
S Z
Thus the faithful representation of LE would look like
data L' = Sigma ( n:: Nat , [ F^n Empty ] -> String )
LE
L '
data L' a where LZ ' :: ( [ a ] -> String ) -> L' a LS ' :: L' ( F a ) ->
L' a
L '
LZ '
LS '
L '
data L a = LZ ( [ a ] -> String ) | LS ( L ( F a ) ) type L1 = L Empty
Thus , L1 is the ordinary data type that faithfully represents LE with no junk .
We prove it by showing the maps that witness the isomorphism between L1 and LE below .
The operations one can do on LE and the operations on L1 also clearly correspond .
iso_LEL1 :: LE -> L1 iso_LEL1 ( LE xs f ) = go ( reverse xs ) f [ ] where -- build the dictionary , the correspondence between x and F^n Empty go :: Eq a = > [ x ] -> ( [ x ] -> String ) -> [ ( a , x ) ] -> L a go [ ] f dict = LZ ( decode f dict ) go ( h:t ) f dict = LS ( go t f ( ( Z , h ) : map ( \ ( a , x ) -> ( S a , x ) ) dict ) ) -- decode according to the dictionary --
By construction , the dictionary contains all a , and so -- the lookup is total .
decode :: Eq a = > ( [ x ] -> String ) -> [ ( a , x ) ] -> ( [ a ] -> String ) decode f dict = f . map ( \a -> let Just x = lookup a dict in x ) iso_L1LE :: L1 -> LE iso_L1LE = go [ ] where go :: [ a ] -> L a -> LE go ps ( LZ f ) = LE ps f go ps ( LS l ) = go ( Z:map S ps ) l
LE
( iso_LEL1 . iso_LEL1 ) LE
test_eqLE ( LE xs1 obs1 ) ( LE xs2 obs2 ) = zip ( map obs1 ( tails xs1 ) ) ( map obs2 ( tails xs2 ) ) test_LE1E = test_eqLE anLE ( iso_L1LE . iso_LEL1 $ anLE ) where anLE = LE " abc " reverse test_LE1E ' = test_eqLE anLE ( iso_L1LE . iso_LEL1 $ anLE ) where anLE = LE " abc " ( drop 1 )
2008 Darwin Awards Honoring Charles Darwin , the father of evolution , Darwin Awards commemorate those who improve our gene pool -- by removing themselves from it in the most spectacular way possible .
Santa Ignorância 2008 DARWIN AWARD WINNER
Confirmed True by Darwin
( 20 April 2008 , Atlantic Ocean ) A Catholic priest recently ascended to heaven on a host of helium balloons , paying homage to Lawn Chair Larry 's aerial adventure .
In 1982 , Lawnchair Larry attached 45 weather balloons to his lawnchair , packed a picnic lunch , and cut the tether -- but instead of drifting above Los Angeles babescape as planned , he was rocketed into LAX air traffic lanes by the hefty lift of the balloons !
Astoundingly , Larry survived the flight , inspiring the movies Up ! and Deckchair Danny , and also inspiring Father Adelir Antonio , 51 .
This priest 's audacious attempt to set a world record for clustered balloon flight was intended to publicize his plan to build spiritual rest stops for truckers .
But as truckers know , sitting for 19 hours is not a trivial matter even in the comfort of your own lawn chair .
The priest did take numerous precautions , including wearing a survival suit , flying a buoyant chair , packing a satellite phone and GPS .
However , the late A.A. made a fatal mistake -- he did not know how to use the GPS .
The winds changed , as winds do , and he was blown inexorably toward open sea .
He could have parachuted to safety while over land but chose not to .
When the voyager was perilously lost at sea , he finally phoned for help -- but rescuers were unable to determine his location since he could not use his GPS .
He struggled with the unit as the charge on the cellphone dwindled and died .
Instead of a GPS , the Priest let God be his guide .
Over the next few weeks , bits of balloons began appearing on mountains and beaches , indicating that God had guided him straight to heaven .
Ultimately the priest 's body surfaced , confirming that he had indeed paid a visit to his boss .
The kicker ?
It 's a Double Darwin .
Catholic priests take vows of celibacy .
Since priests voluntarily remove themselves from the genepool , the entire group earns a mass Darwin Award .
Adelir Antonio wins twice !
MEDIA REFERENCESS : ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
NOTE : Formal Closure of Rest Stops Decried .
Rest Stops Urgently Needed in the area !
Adelir Antonio was doing good in his life .
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
DarwinAwards.com © 1994 - 2020
Submitted by : Marilia J , Davida Miller , Richard Moseley , and 20 more
Reference : globo.com , Sydney Morning Herald , Associated Press , and numerous others
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Darwin says : " A hot air balloon is maneuvered by altering altitude .
The wind direction changes as one ascends ( generally toward the right in the northern hemisphere ) so a skillful pilot can use altitude to shift the downwind track .
( airborneballoons.co.uk )
By comparison , a mass of individual balloons is completely at the mercy of the wind .
The balloons used by the priest were described as party balloons , which are far more fragile than the weather balloons used by Lawn Chair Larry . "
" Cluster Balloon Flight can be affordably yours ! " syas Jonathan R Trappe , self - styled Aeronaut and Cluster Balloon Flight Expert .
Reader Comments :
" One way ticket to paradise . "
" to heaven - - or bust "
" There but for the grace of Tecumseh ... "
" Do n't get too carried away . "
" Chairway to Heaven ? "
" God 's will be done ! "
" God Supports Darwin ! "
" Sorry about your loss .
On a brighter side , you could have lost this guy ... "
" A story showing the danger of relying on GPS . "
" Fly me to the moon ! "
" How many balloons do you think you 'll be needing ? "
" Anyone you want to give balloons to ? "
" They did not teach aerodynamics at the seminary . "
" See what happens when you do n't get laid enough ? "
" This is one for the ' believers ' . "
If Coney Island witnessed the birth of the hot dog , Seoul in South Korea saw subsequent generations mutate into a an entirely new genus of animal .
An animal coated in a skin of batter and french fries then presented deep - fried on a stick .
See the best sex parties here xxx !
After first witnessing this monstrosity on Newley Purnell ‘s site , I thought that chasing it down would be difficult .
That it would be the type of food that only demented South Korean carnies sold for a scant few days of a State Fair until their consumers ended up in the waiting queue for a heart bypass .
The taste is about as obvious as it looks : greasy but still crispy fries glued to a hotdog with a thick , neutral batter .
It turns out that Seoul is packed full of artisan hot dog vendors .
Vendors wrap them in bacon , mashed potato , corn batter or what looked to be seaweed then invariably deep fry them .
I spotted three french fry - coated hotdog vendors in the narrow alleys of Myeong - dong alone and a few more in the neighbouring Namdaemun Market .
home - made budae jigae
I blame this mutation on the Korean War .
When meat was scarce in the years during and after the war , Koreans made do with whatever they could scavenge from the surplus from the US armed forces bases – Spam and hotdogs .
To make these items edible for Koreans , the locals mixed them together with the paste gochujang in a makeshift stew named “ Budae jjigae ” ( 부대찌개 ) – literally “ base stew ” .
Over the subsequent fifty years , the locals have grown to love the processed meat - flavored soup and it now graces franchise restaurant menus , the only difference being that the stew now contains actual meat along with the mechanically - separated variety .
There seems to be no particular rules to making the stew , insofar that you need gochujang and hotdogs to start , and then whatever seems to be lying about the average Korean kitchen to continue : kimchi , frozen dumplings , greens , ramen , rice cake , actual meat .
50 years of hotdog flavoured broth has to do strange things to your palate and drive you towards experimenting with hotdogs in an obscene and deep - fried manner .
Recipe
Try : French Fry Coated Hot Dog on a Stick Recipe
Ultimately , upgrading your Newegg Elite Seller membership has to make business sense for you , but here are a few common reasons to upgrade :
I want to increase customer engagement & repeat business
I am using Shipped by Newegg ( SBN ) or Newegg Shipping Label Service and would like to reduce costs
I want to be eligible for more marketing programs from Newegg
I want to list more items
If you find yourself saying things like this then consider upgrading to a Professional or Enterprise membership .
Will the Democrats Ever Learn ?
A popular Washington saying holds that “ politics is about the future , not the past . ”
Regrettably , that often translates into sweeping serious wrongdoing under the rug in the name of “ looking to the future ” – a mistake the Democrats appear poised to make again in approving a new wiretapping law .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
What infuriates the Democratic “ base ” and many other Americans about this “ compromise ” bill is not only that it grants the President powers beyond the narrow technological fixes that were initially cited , but that it sanctions a cover - up of George W. Bush ’s past abuses of power .
If the Democratic leaders push through this legislation , with retroactive immunity for the telecommunications companies that aided Bush ’s warrantless wiretaps , the one remaining door for discovering the truth about Bush ’s program may be slammed shut for good .
Current lawsuits against the telecoms hold out some hope for determining whether the wiretaps were narrowly targeted against genuine foreign terrorist threats , as Bush insists , or involved broad data sweeps against Americans , as some have reported .
Because Bush has wrapped the program in layers of secrecy – and permitted only limited congressional oversight – the House - passed wiretap bill would leave the American people with no way of knowing for sure what happened .
The Democratic leadership – now joined by Sen. Barack Obama – seems more spooked about the risk of getting blamed for another terrorist attack than in finding the truth and protecting the people ’s constitutional rights against unreasonable searches and seizures .
In praising the bill , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi – and Obama – have noted that it reaffirms that the President must follow the law and that the secret court created by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 must have oversight of all wiretaps .
" The President 's illegal program of warrantless surveillance will be over , " Obama said in a statement .
" It restores FISA and existing criminal wiretap statutes as the exclusive means to conduct surveillance – making it clear that the President cannot circumvent the law and disregard the civil liberties of the American people . "
Right - Wing Theories
But critics dismiss those provisions as little more than fig leafs , since the FISA law already was the “ exclusive ” means for the government to engage in electronic spying .
Nevertheless , Bush relied on right - wing legal theories asserting his unlimited powers in wartime to ignore FISA and to authorize warrantless wiretaps inside the United States of Americans communicating abroad .
He then lied to the public about what he was doing .
On April 20 , 2004 , Bush told a crowd in Buffalo , N.Y. , that warrants were still required for all wiretaps .
“ By the way , any time you hear the United States government talking about wiretap , it requires – a wiretap requires a court order , ” Bush said .
“ Nothing has changed , by the way .
When we ’re talking about chasing down terrorists , we ’re talking about getting a court order before we do so . ”
After the New York Times disclosed the warrantless wiretapping program in December 2005 , Bush acknowledged its existence but insisted that the program was “ limited ” to “ taking known al - Qaeda numbers – numbers from known al - Qaeda people – and just trying to find out why the phone calls are being made . ”
In his folksy style , he told an audience in Louisville , Kentucky , on Jan. 11 , 2006 , that “ it seems like to me that if somebody is talking to al - Qaeda , we want to know why . ”
But the program that Bush described could have been accomplished through warrants under the FISA law , which even lets the government wiretap for 72 hours before going to a secret court for a warrant .
Suspicions grew that Bush 's wiretaps were more expansive than he was letting on .
In May 2006 , USA Today reported that the wiretapping project indeed was much more ambitious , with the National Security Agency seeking to establish a database on phone calls made by tens of millions of Americans .
“ It ’s the largest database ever assembled in the world , ” one person told USA Today .
The program ’s goal is “ to create a database of every call ever made ” within the nation 's borders , the person said .
[ USA Today , May 11 , 2006 ]
In reacting to the USA Today ’s story , Bush said , “ We ’re not mining or trolling through the personal lives of millions of innocent Americans . ”
But Bush did n’t define what standards he was following in determining who to spy on nor whether the data - mining might cover , say , thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people , just not “ millions . ”
Orwellian Scheme ?
Some of the telecom companies mentioned by USA Today – AT&T , Verizon and BellSouth – disputed parts of the story , leaving widespread uncertainty about whether the Bush administration was engaged in some Orwellian scheme that could be used against political enemies or was simply doing its best to track foreign terrorists .
There are historical reasons to suspect that the administration would be inclined to use such a huge database against its political enemies , as happened in the 1960s and 1970s .
Then , it had become an article of faith for some government officials that the civil rights movement and the anti-Vietnam War protests must have been orchestrated and financed by some international foe of the United States .
Some of the excesses in those investigations , such as the bugging of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and break - ins targeting Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg , led to new laws in the 1970s limiting the power of the Executive .
One of those laws was FISA , which tried to balance the government ’s legitimate interest in tracking foreign agents and the citizens ’ constitutional right of protection against unreasonable searches .
However , after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , Bush asserted “ plenary ” – or unlimited – powers as Commander in Chief and brushed aside legal requirements that the government obtain a warrant through a special FISA court before eavesdropping on phone calls inside the United States .
( There also have been questions raised about whether the origins of the spying program pre-dated 9/11 .
Court records from the insider - trading trial of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio suggest that the Bush administration ’s surveillance plan might have dated back to February 2001 . )
Accountability ?
Rather than simply letting bygones be bygones , the Democratic - controlled Senate could pair any concessions to the Bush administration on the wiretap bill with a requirement for as full a public disclosure about the spying operation as possible .
One idea surfaced last year when Sen. Arlen Specter , R - Pennsylvania , suggested that the U.S. government take the place of the telecoms in the lawsuits , rather than simply grant blanket immunity .
Another possibility would be a blue - ribbon commission to assess whether the Bush administration abused its authority in spying on Americans , with public hearings and findings published in a formal report that would give the big picture while protecting legitimate secrets .
Instead , the House - passed bill calls for classified and unclassified reports written by the administration 's inspectors general and forwarded to Congress a year from now .
The limited unclassified version -- presumably giving a sketchy outline of Bush 's program -- would then be released to the public .
By then , of course , the bill supported by the Democratic leadership – and the party ’s presumptive presidential nominee , Sen .
Obama – would have long since let Bush and the telecom companies off the hook .
If that happens , the precedent set could be that Presidents can do whatever they want and then finesse the consequences , escaping any real accountability .
Bush ’s presidential hubris would have triumphed once more .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Joe Biden , a leading contender for VP if you believe the buzz , was the least wealthy member of the last Senate and is likely near the bottom in this Senate .
Now , there is nothing inherently ennobling about being poor ( I ’d be a better man if there were ) , and there is nothing inherently corrupting about being rich .
But the fact that Biden has been in the Senate for 35 years and has n’t seen his personal fortune blossom means that he has n’t used his position , and all the connections and insider knowledge that come with it , as a cash register .
It ’s an easy thing to do without ever overstepping legal boundaries .
Biden has chosen not to .
I think that speaks to his priorities and why , fundamentally , he is in Washington .
I had rather an annoying wee hangover today , making the day job a major inconvenience and the two events I had booked at the Edinburgh Book Festival less appealing than I would have preferred .
Still , I battled on and got the best out of the day , despite my flagging brain .
After a rough morning in the day job , I headed up to Charlotte Square for my half past one event with Mark Billingham .
Mark is well known for a lot of things , including TV writer and stand - up comic , but more so these days as the best selling crime writer of the DI Tom Thorne novels .
Mark started off with a hilarious set reading out some of the letters he receives and his responses to them .
They ranged from the straight forward , “ your book is shite ” , to “ why does there have to be so much swearing ? ” to the utterly insane ramblings of a Dutchman , which I ca n’t even paraphrase it was that mental .
He made a good point , though , when he says he ca n’t understand people who are happy to read about murder , child abuse , torture , or other horrific things , yet still feel the need to complain when the word “ fuck ” is used three times on the one page .
Putting on a funny voice , he said :“ My enjoyment of your rape and murder novel was ruined by the amount of bad language it contained .
So I promoted your book to the trash and threw it out after three pages .
Go and get yourself a dictonary if you ca n’t think of other words to use . ”
To which Mark replied : “ I ’m sorry you did n’t enjoy my book , but perhaps if you read further than the first three pages you might have seen how the swearing was justified in the context .
Thank you for letter , but I think it is you who needs the dictionary since seem unable to even spell the word .
Now , fuck off .
Best regards , Mark . ”
Mark ’s new book , In The Dark , is his first standalone crime novel , something he seems to have the luxury to choose he can do and the publisher will go with it .
He seems to have a heck of a lot of freedom to write what he wants , and seems to be under no pressure to continue churning out DI Thorne novels .
The thing I like about Billingham ’s work is his attention to detail of an urban setting .
His
Thorne novels are set in London and you really get a sense of place with his books , and with that place being London , it makes it more enjoyable for me since I love the place .
Also , he spends a lot of time researching his books .
“ I feel I owe it to the reader to give them the time that some research demands , ” he said , when asked if once his character ’s battle with Alzheimer ’s was based on real life experience .
In his latest novel , he was able to set up a meeting with young lads from gangs in London involved in some extreme violence , through which he was able to get a feel for their attitudes , way of life , and dialect .
It was actually Billingham ’s research conducted while writing Lifeless , a novel that looked at the London homeless problem , which gave me the confidence to talk to homeless hostels and some homeless people here in Edinburgh , while I was writing Hunting Jack .
With several hours in between events I went back into work then headed back for the 5 pm event , a seminar called Trends in Publishing .
Chaired by Jenny Brown ( local literary agent ) , the event saw a select panel each talking to the audience , before opening up the floor to questions .
The panel , which consisted of Marion Sinclair ( Chief Executive , Publishing Scotland ) , Keith Charters ( MD , Strident Publishing ) , and Bob McDevitt ( Publisher with Hachette Books Scotland ) , actually proved to be of more value than I expected .
The main things I took from the discussion were :
Yes , read your contemporaries , but do n’t try to emulate them – get your own voice
Try and write something unique and original
Do n’t write for the market , write for yourself .
Your voice and passion will be lost in the work otherwise , which is what appeals to publishers
Genre fiction is highly sought after
Historical fiction I highly sought after
Nature writing is on the increase
The impending UK recession will be good for publishing , because traditionally when there is a recession , people buy more books
Strong market conditions , book reader demands , national attitudes , and the strong creative / artistic base the country has developed , is good for publishing and writers .
There has never been a better time to be a writer in Scotland , because Scottish publishing is going through a golden spell .
To top the night off I watched a TV programme , Profiling Ian Rankin .
All this week , ITV3 are showing the Rebus dramas as well as programmes about Rankin , who is up for the ITV3 Crime Thriller Awards : seven weeks of programming celebrating the crime genre in books , film , and TV , culminating in the Crime Thriller Awards in October .
In a refreshing interview with Rankin , he spoke of his early days doing his writing apprenticeship up until Black & Blue was published , which propelled him into the big time , saved his career , and winning him several awards including the coveted Gold Dagger .
Speaking from his home in Edinburgh , he talked in depth about his most famous creation , Detective Inspector John Rebus , and mentioned that he had recently found out Edinburgh had a Cold Case Unit , which “ Rebus would be perfect for ” .
He allowed the cameras into his study , showing off his OBE , Crime Dagger awards , and various mementos collected along the years .
He showed us his first edition hardback copy of Muriel Spark ’s The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie , which when it was personally signed by Spark , Rankin described as being very significant to him since he had been “ pretending to study her for three years ” when he was in fact writing his own fiction .
The programme saw him reunited with old tutors and friends , with commentary from his contemporaries , Val McDermid , Denise Mina , and the man I was earlier in the day , Mark Billingham .
The thing that came across most from other writers talking about Rankin , was how they all appreciate his ability to set a powerful scene in a subtle way , incorporate a strong sense of location , include social commentary without the reader even realising it , and his ability to get under the skin of his characters .
Over the next few weeks ITV3 have profiled the other contenders for the award , including Val McDermid , Colin Dexter , PD James , Ruth Rendell , and Lynda La Plante .
Greener is the Grass ( Writing )
PLEASE DONATE – For full details of my Abseil off thein October for the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , please go here :
“ The main actor of the Iranian Revolution was really the crowd .
One American sociologist has described it as ‘ the largest protest event in world history ’ . . . in fact it had more mass participation than any other major political crisis or revolution .
What is striking about the Iranian crowd is that it ’s very , very much like the crowds described by two famous European historians : George Rudé and Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie . ”
“ The Iranians by 1979 , even high school kids , were familiar with Iranian history , especially a popular type of history produced by a famous Iranian historian Kasravi .
In this Iranian history , . . . invariably the major events in Iranian history occur as a result of protests in the streets , usually peaceful protests .
You can say protests , street protests , crowd protests were as Iranian as some people would consider apple pies are American .
. . .
In 1891 - 92 , it was crowds , crowds ’ strikes , that forced the Shah to cancel a very controversial tobacco concession .
In 1905 - 1906 , it was crowds that brought about the Constitutional Revolution .
In 1911 , it was crowds that protested the Russian ultimatum and tried to oppose the Russian occupation of the north .
In 1919 - 1920 , it was crowds that helped sabotage the Anglo - Iranian agreement which would have actually turned Iran into a British protectorate , much like neighboring Iraq .
In 1924 , it was crowds that opposed the scheme to create a republic .
At that time , the crowds were actually monarchical and religious and opposed to any notion of republicanism because they were afraid that Iran would become a secular republic like in neighboring Turkey .
In 1951 - 1953 , it was again crowds that brought about Mossadegh ’s administration , and brought about the nationalization of the oil industry , probably the most significant event in the 20th century before the actual revolution .
Again in 1963 , it was crowds that took to the streets to protest the Shah ’s increasing power .
In fact , some people would say that the 1963 protests were a dress rehearsal to the 1977 - 79 revolution .
The crowd , in fact you can say , becomes the main actor in Iranian perceptions of Iranian history . ”
“ The final days of the revolution , February 9 , 10 , 11 , also show the importance of crowds .
. . .
In those final days , even though the Shah had left , there was a strong suspicion that hard - core elements in the military , especially the imperial guards — they were a sort of praetorian guard forces of the regime — would try to do a coup d’état by seizing Khomeini and his entourage .
. . .
Khomeini knew something about Iranian history , especially the coup of 53 .
The 1953 coup had succeeded mainly because of a major blunder of Mossadegh .
On August 18 , 1953 , Mossadegh had asked his supporters to stay home and not go into the streets .
He had vetoed any street protest in his support , because he had felt that he had control of the army and in fact the American ambassador had put conditions on him that he should clear the streets of crowds .
Mossadegh then had asked his supporters in those final days not to come out into the streets .
The result was that the imperial guards had taken that opportunity literally to roll tanks outside his house and bombard his house and arrest him .
Without the crowds , it was easy to carry out the coup .
Khomeini had learned a lesson from that .
The way you can prevent a coup is not to ask your supporters to stay home but to come out .
So he exhorted people to come out into the streets and to basically immobilize the whole of the military .
Literally hundreds of thousands of people came out , surrounded the barracks , surrounded the armories , surrounded the highways .
. . . ”
Ervand Abrahamian is Distinguished Professor of History , City University of New York , and the author of Iran between Two Revolutions , The Iranian Mojahedin , Khomeinism , Tortured Confessions , and Inventing the Axis of Evil among other publications .
This lecture was delivered at Portland State University on 17 April 2008 .
The video was produced by the American Iranian Friendship Council .
The text above is a partial transcript of the lecture .
|
| Print
Stop managing multiple hosting accounts and keep everything in one place
With WidePath , you can migrate all your sites so that everything is in one place and you do n't have to juggle hosting accounts .
Children having cosmetic surgery to escape school bullies , surgeon reveals
Role model : Actress Jessica Simpson has had collagen injections
Girls as young as 14 are having plastic surgery to avoid being bullied at school , a surgeon has revealed .
Douglas McGeorge told how he had reshaped the nose of one youngster and fitted breast implants for others .
Mr McGeorge , who specialises in plastic and reconstructive surgery , claimed the bullying is so bad that some children and their parents felt there was no alternative .
He denied it had anything to do with teenagers wanting to look like their idols .
' Children are very cruel and there 's a lot of stigma attached to appearance , ' said Mr McGeorge , president of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons .
But anti-bullying charities last night said it is the bullies who need to change , not their victims .
Mr McGeorge said he had already performed surgery on a 14 - year - old girl 's nose costing around £ 3,500 after she was targeted over her appearance at three schools .
Most clinics refuse to operate on anyone under 18 , but children can have any medical treatment if they have their parents ' consent .
Mr McGeorge , who teaches cosmetic surgery , said the girl 's parents approached him as a last resort after other attempts to stop their daughter being bullied had failed .
The private surgeon said the girl 's life had since been transformed .
' This was an unusual case , but the parents had been through every other option available before taking the decision , ' he said .
He said he had also given teenage girls who were not developing at the same rate as their peers expandable breast implants to prevent them from being bullied .
Breast implants : Baywatch star Pamela Anderson had her breasts made bigger
As part of the procedure , doctors insert an implant which helps to gradually expand the chest tissue .
But Liz Carnell , director of the charity Bullying UK , said : ' I do n't think bullying victims should be changing their appearance or anything about themselves to please the bullies .
It is the bullies that have got the problem , not the victims . '
Michelle Elliott , director of children 's charity Kidscape , said she was concerned that children were receiving breast implants .
She added : ' I can understand a child undergoing cosmetic surgery if there is something specifically wrong that needs correcting , regardless of the bullying , but not breast implants .
That 's crazy . '
The number of teenagers having breast enlargements has increased by more than 150 per cent in the past year .
Doctors believe girls undergoing the procedure are aping celebrities who have surgically enhanced bodies .
Statistics from three of Britain 's largest cosmetic surgery chains show almost 600 teenagers aged 18 and 19 had the surgery last year .
Longing for different looks ...
Soon , playing ' Super Mario ' will rely on the power of your thoughts , not your thumbs .
Simon Usborne explains
The year is 1983 and , in a Tokyo suburb , man ( well , one man ) is evolving a new use for his opposable thumbs .
His tool : a strange lump of plastic attached , via cables and a bigger lump of plastic , to his television .
Twenty - five years later , the ungainly set - up , known as the Nintendo Entertainment System , is a relic collecting dust in the gaming graveyard alongside the wood - panelled Atari 2600 .
But its legacy lives on .
Today 's consoles use remotes that have barely changed in principle since Nintendo launched its landmark " D - pad " controller .
But change is afoot which is liberating our weary thumbs ; within the past two years , we have learnt to wave our hands , dance and poke at screens and , soon , we will need only one muscle to control the action – the brain .
Last week , Satoru Iwata , the president and chief executive of Nintendo , added weight to the chatter sweeping technology conventions and gaming forums – the new frontier in computer control is in the mind .
" As soon as we think something in our brain , it will appear within a video game , " he told reporters at the games industry 's annual E3 conference in Los Angeles .
Gamers are already anticipating the launch of the world 's first thought - controlled headset .
The Australian company Emotiv plans to launch its EPOC headset by the end of the year .
The firm says its gadget will feature 16 sensors that push against the forehead to measure electrical activity .
In theory , the process , called electro - encephalography , will allow gamers to manipulate objects in three dimensions with the power of thought .
For Michael Brook , the editor of the gadget magazine T3 , the prospect of mind control is a reason to get very , very excited .
At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this year , Brook had a go on a rival product to the EPOC – the OCZ Neural Impulse Actuator .
" I was playing a first - person shooter and would squint my eyes to run faster or blink to shoot , " Brook says .
The three sensors built into the headband measure physical responses to thought – blinking , squinting , and the flow of blood around the face – rather than pure thought itself .
Gavin Ogden , the editor of Computer and Video Games magazine , calls thought control the " holy grail of video gaming " .
He adds : " It 's been the dream for 20 years to put on a headset and get inside a game . "
But , he says , " It 's not going to happen any time soon . "
Other industries are also benefiting from the technology that could make mind control happen .
Last month , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( Darpa ) , an arm of the US Department of Defense , said it had awarded a $ 6.7 m contract to Northrop Grumman to develop " brainwave binoculars " .
Sensors stuck to the scalp detect objects a soldier 's eyes and subconscious may have seen before the conscious brain even knows it .
Meanwhile , intelligence analysts may soon benefit from " augmented cognition " – a device similar to the binoculars that promises to boost performance .
And , on the battlefield , soldiers may soon wear headsets that alert their commanders to " brain overload " in the ranks .
In medicine , thought - control technology will soon allow amputees to control the next generation of prosthetic limbs , or to create devices that allow stroke victims to communicate .
But it is in the games industry where the buzz surrounding thought control is loudest .
At Emotiv 's San Francisco offices , volunteers are this month testing the firm 's wireless EPOC headset , which will be available " from selected retailers " later this year , costing around $ 300 ( £ 150 ) .
And if it 's all it 's cracked up to be , it might just be the revolution in gaming people such as Brook and Ogden are praying for .
Emotiv has developed a game to go with the device in which the user 's virtual self , or avatar , will smile , blink or scream when the user does .
Objects can be lifted or supernatural powers summoned by the power of thought , while the environments will change according the user 's mood .
A built - in gyroscope will track head motion to guide you through the game .
Most interestingly , software will allow the EPOC to be used to control existing games .
" This is the tip of the iceberg for what is possible for us , " Emotiv 's co-founder Tan Le told a rapt audience during a recent press demonstration .
" There will be a convergence of gesture - based technology and the brain as a new interface – the holy grail is the mind . "
Control freaks : the new ways to play
By James Cooper
Touch - screen
In 1977 , five - wire resistive technology was developed and patented – the same type used by the Nintendo DS today .
The user can interact with the display 's content with either a plastic stylus or their fingers .
Contact based in the corners and one in the centre estimate the pressure of a touch , based on calculations from the resistances .
Other applications of this technology include PDAs , and mobile phones such as Apple 's iPhone .
Resistive touch - screen 's cousin , infrared touch - screen , has the most durable surface , however , and is used in various military applications .
Balance board
With the appearance of a set of scales from the bathroom of Buck Rogers , the Wii Fit balance board contains four pressure sensors accurately to detect fine changes in weight distribution .
This allows the user to control the game by moving the body and leaning .
So far , Wii Fit games include yoga ; ski-jumping ; tight - rope walking ; and – perhaps slightly depressingly for the obsessive computer enthusiast – measuring Body Mass Index .
Future titles such as Jillian Michaels ' Fitness Ultimatum 2009 could potentially do wonders for the average gamer 's physical health .
Smart camera
Developed for the PlayStation 2 , Sony's Eye Toy is a camera with a built - in microphone that sits on top of the television , allowing players to interact with the game by detecting sound and motion .
Sony were n't the first to come up with the concept – Nintendo's Game Boy and Sega 's Dreamcast both had cameras before them – but improved processing capabilities meant that the PS2 was able to have a much better go at it , and an updated version is also available for the PS3 .
Future developments will include users being able to draw their own interactive landscapes and environments .
Motion - sensing remote
Through the use of accelerometer and optical - sensor technology , gamers can interact with and manipulate items on the screen using movement and pointing .
Hackers have shown great interest in the technology , using the Wiimote ( among other Wii products ) for other applications , known collectively as Wii Homebrew .
Companies are looking into reprogramming the Wiimotes for business applications , and there 's already been an interactive whiteboard created using the one - handed controllers .
Belfast Telegraph
Did you know that it 's possible to view the content of the biggest and most widely used online encyclopedia without the need for Internet connectivity ?
That 's right , Wikipedia , with over 10 million articles in 253 languages can be viewed offline in your Linux box anytime , anywhere .
There are actually 4 easy ways to take your favorite Wikipedia offline :
1. Download Wikipedia as database XML or SQL dump
HERE
you can find the complete copy of all Wikimedia wikis , in the form of wikitext source and metadata embedded in XML .
A number of raw database tables in SQL form are also available .
Download or Purchase Wikipedia on DVD
This is perhaps the easiest way to get Wikipedia for offline use .
However , it is currently available in English and only contains around 2,000 selected articles .
-- The articles were chosen based on criteria for quality and importance set by the Wikipedia community .
According to Wikimedia Foundation and Linterweb , larger releases in a variety of languages are coming real soon .
HERE .
Download Wikipedia on DVD
Static HTML dumps
Grab or download pages from all Wikipedia wikis in HTML format HERE
4. Pocket Wikipedia
The other easy way to take Wikipedia with you is by downloading and installing " Pocket Wikipedia " .
Its download size is only about 180MB but it contains hand - checked selection of Wikipedia articles the size of a fifteen volume encyclopedia with 24,000 images and 14 million words .
It was first created for the PocketPC platform , but it is now available for the Linux desktop .
3. Grab or download pages from all Wikipedia wikis in HTML format .
Note that the June 2008 edition dump has no image snapshot , it 's just HTML .
The archives are packaged as a 7 - zipped tar file .
4 . The other easy way to take Wikipedia with you is by downloading and installing " Pocket Wikipedia " .
Its download size is only about 180MB but it contains hand - checked selection of Wikipedia articles the size of a fifteen volume encyclopedia with 24,000 images and 14 million words .
It was first created for the PocketPC platform , but it is now available for the Linux desktop .
HERE
The download page for Pocket Wikipedia can be found
There you have it .
An offline Wikipedia is indeed very handy in my case because I travel a lot in places without Internet connection .
How about you ?
Do you still consider an offline encyclopedia useful these days ?
2 .
VASECTOMIES could be a thing of the past thanks to Australian scientists who are developing a remote - controlled contraceptive implant for men .
The device stops and starts the flow of sperm with the push of a button , similar to locking a car with a key fob .
Researchers at the University of Adelaide say the valve would remain shut most of the time to act as a contraceptive barrier .
This tool lets you make your own custom receipts .
Customize your receipt below and press the " Make the receipt ! " button .
Your custom receipt will be shown ( containing the text that you entered ) in the space above .
The completed receipts are in dollars only but you can enter non -dollar amounts for prices if you like .
That way , you can say that something is " free " or " cheap " or whatever you like .
What should you put in your custom receipt ?
It 's up to you !
The top of he receipt might give a store with a funny name , or perhaps a strange address .
Put things you 'd like to get , or give products crazy prices .
Make a serious receipt , but put a funny slogan at the bottom !
Be creative .
The only limit is your imagination .
Top Line 1 : Top Line 2 : Top Line 3 : First Item : Price : Second Item : Price : Third Item : Price : Fourth Item : Price : Bottom Line 1 : Bottom Line 2 : Generate item total Do n't show a total
This page by Tom Blackwell
Fold the bag in half , then one or two more times .
Cut off ends and discard .
The real crafty may use these pieces for decoration .
pas moi .
All you need are plastic bags , scissors , and a crochet hook .
Loop these circular tubes together to make the yarn .
Like so ... ( photo coming soon )
1 . Loop one through the other .
2 . Pull .
3 . Add another loop and repeat .
Then roll it up into a ball of plastic yarn .
And you 're good to go .
Learn how to crochet on YouTube Check out some good plastic crocheting links here .
– HOME
Anti-American sentiment is at record levels around the world , according to a new report commissioned by the US Congress .
America is viewed unfavourably by 82 per cent of people in Arab countries , while US popularity has fallen 45 per cent in Indonesia and 27 per cent in the UK .
The report says the record low in international approval is because of US policies such as the invasion of Iraq and practices such as torture and rendition .
In the Muslim world , President George W Bush is more disliked than Israeli leaders , and there is widespread belief that the US is using the war on terror as a cover for attempts to destroy Islam .
WE ARE nearly halfway through the year and stockmarket investors are still searching for some positive returns .
The FTSE All World index is down around 5 % in dollar terms and of the major markets only Japan is ahead on the year .
Given that we have only recently seen a long downturn in share prices from 2000 to 2003 , that raises the question of whether the rally that stretched from 2003 to 2007 was only a brief respite in a longer - term bear market .
The twentieth century was marked by three very long periods when markets produced disappointing returns : 1901 - 1921 , 1929 - 1948 and 1965 - 1982 ( see chart ) .
Each of those three great bear markets saw enormous global problems — world wars , depressions and stagflation .
By the end of each bear run , valuations were so depressed that the conditions were created for the great bull markets of the 1920s , 1950s and 1980s and 1990s .
As the bull mentality sets in , investors become overconfident and valuations are driven up to stratospheric levels .
If history repeats itself , then we will be very lucky if the bear market really ended in 2003 .
The bottom may not be seen until next decade .
Psychology may explain these very long bull and bear runs but it is hard to see why they should have a predictable regularity .
( We have surely moved beyond the theory that the economy is driven by the sunspot cycle . )
The most compelling argument why we have not seen the bottom for share prices is valuations .
Share prices bottomed in 2003 when equities looked attractive relative to government bonds .
But in absolute terms , they were not that cheap ; we never reached the stage , as we did at other great market nadirs , of single digit price - earnings ratios or companies trading at discounts to asset value .
In his book “ Anatomy of the Bear ” , Russell Napier examines four great buying opportunities on Wall Street — 1921 , 1932 , 1949 and 1982 .
( 1932 was the bottom for the Dow but investors still suffered a rough time at the end of the 1930s and into the second world war .
Outside the United States , investors who bought in 1928 suffered negative returns for the next 23 years , according to the London Business School . )
Leaving aside valuations , he cites a number of tactical signals that precede a bear - market bottom .
Government bond markets recover in advance of equities , as do corporate bonds .
Interest rates are cut ; good economic news is ignored by the market ; corporate profits keep falling after share prices rebound ; and commodity prices tend to bottom when share prices do .
Of those signals , it is certainly the case that interest rates have been cut in America ( if not in the euro - zone and not much , in Britain ) , and it could be argued that corporate bond markets have already seen their low .
Corporate profits are indeed likely to decline .
The economic news has been mixed ( particularly the employment numbers ) , but one could cite some data from America ( the latest purchasing managers ' index , for example ) has been encouraging .
But neither government bond markets nor commodities can in any sense be described as being near a bottom .
In short , this does not look definitely like the kind of low from which very good long - term returns can be earned .
That may be because the market has a lot further to fall ; Morgan Stanley suggests that , if the superbear argument is correct , equities could drop a further 50 % .
But that will surely require some kind of negative economic news of the kind seen in the 20th century .
While there is a lot of talk about stagflation at the moment , we are not seeing ( in developed markets at least ) anything like the double - digit inflation and unemployment rates we saw in the 1970s .
Perhaps the greatest threat to equity investors , therefore , is that central banks lose control of inflation .
Period three and chaos
In the copious spare time I have around my other major project , I am tinkering with various stuff related to Möbius functions .
Like all the best tinkering projects , the Möbius functions are connected to other things , and when you follow the connections you can end up in many faraway places .
A Möbius function is simply a function of the form f : x → ( ax + b ) / ( cx + d ) for some constants a , b , c , and d .
Möbius functions are of major importance in complex analysis , where they correspond to certain transformations of the Riemann sphere , but I 'm mostly looking at the behavior of Möbius functions on the reals , and so restricting a , b , c , and d to be real .
One nice thing about the Möbius functions is that you can identify the Möbius function f : x → ( ax + b ) / ( cx + d ) with the matrix , because then composition of Möbius functions is the same as multiplication of the corresponding matrices , and so the inverse of a Möbius function with matrix M is just the function that corresponds to M - 1 .
Determining whether a set of Möbius functions is closed under composition is the same as determining whether the corresponding matrices form a semigroup ; you can figure out what happens when you iterate a Möbius function by looking at the eigenvalues of M , and so on .
The matrices are not quite identical with the Möbius functions , because the matrix and the matrix !!{ 2\ , 0 \choose 0\,2} !! are the same Möbius function .
So you really need to consider the set of matrices modulo the equivalence relation that makes two matrices equivalent if they are the same up to a scalar factor .
If you do this you get a group of matrices called the " projective linear group " , PGL ( 2 ) .
This takes us off into classical group theory and Lie groups , which I have been intermittently trying to figure out .
You can also consider various subgroups of PGL ( 2 ) , such as the subgroup that leaves the set {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} fixed .
The reciprocal function x → 1 / x is one such ; it leaves 1 and - 1 fixed and exchanges 0 and ∞ .
In general a Möbius function has three degrees of freedom , since you can choose the four constants a , b , c , and d however you like , but one degree of freedom is removed because of the equivalence relation — or , to look at it another way , you get to pick b/a , c/a , and d / a however you like .
So in general you can pick any p , q , and r and find the unique Möbius function m with m (0 ) = p , m (1 ) = q , m ( - 1 ) = r.
These then determine m(∞ ) , which turns out to be ( 4 qr - 2 p ( q+r ) ) / ( q + r - 2 p ) when that is defined .
And sometimes even when it is n't .
You may be worrying about the infinities here , but it 's really nothing much to worry about .
f( ∞ ) is nothing more than !!\lim_{x\rightarrow\infty} f( x ) !!.
If ( 4 qr - 2 p ( q+r ) ) / ( q + r - 2p ) in the presence of infinities worries you , try a few examples .
For instance , consider m : x → x+1 . This function has p = m (0 ) = 1 , q = m (1 ) = 2 , r = m( - 1 ) =
0 . Plugging into the formula , we get m(∞ ) =
- 2pq/(q - 2 p ) = - 4 / ( 2 - 2 ) = - 4/0 = ∞ , which is just right .
The only other thing you have to remember is that +∞ = -∞ , because we 're really living on the Riemann sphere .
Or rather , we 're living on the real part of the Riemann sphere , but either way there 's only one ∞ .
We might call this space the " Riemann circle " , but I 've never heard it called that .
And neither has Google , although it did turn up a bulletin board post in which someone else asked the same question in a similar context .
There 's a picture of it farther down on the right .
Anyway , most choices of p , q , and r in {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} do not get you permutations of {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} , because they end up mapping ∞ outside that set .
For example , if you take p = 1 , q = - 1 , r = 0 , you get m(∞ ) = - 2/3 .
But obviously the identity function has the desired property , and if you think about the Riemann circle ( excuse me , Riemann sphere ) you immediately get the rest : any rigid motion of the Riemann sphere is a Möbius function , and some of those motions permute the four points {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} .
In fact , there are eight such functions , because {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} are at the vertices of a square , so any rigid motion of the Riemann sphere that permutes {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} must be a rigid motion of that square , and the square has eight symmetries , namely the elements of the group D 4 : D 4 element m ( 0 ) m ( 1 ) m(∞ ) m( - 1 ) m(x ) = ?
M Identity 0 1 ∞ - 1 x 1 0 0 1 Rotate
clockwise 1 ∞ - 1 0 ( x + 1 ) / (- x + 1 ) 1 1 - 1 1 Rotate 180° ∞ - 1 0 1 - ( 1/x ) 0 - 1 1 0 Rotate
counterclockwise - 1 0 1 ∞ ( x - 1 ) / ( x + 1 ) 1 - 1 1 1 Reflect
horizontally 0 - 1 ∞ 1 -x - 1 0 0 1 Reflect
vertically ∞ 1 0 - 1 1/x 0 1 1 0 Reflect
diagonally ( 1 ) 1 0 - 1 ∞ ( - x + 1 ) / ( x + 1 ) - 1 1 1 1 Reflect
diagonally ( 2 ) - 1 ∞ 1 0 ( x + 1 ) / ( x - 1 ) 1 1 1 - 1
Here we have eight functions on the reals which make the group D 4 under the operation of composition .
For example , if f( x ) = ( x - 1 ) / ( x+1 ) , then f( f ( f( f ( x ) ) ) ) = x .
Is n't that nice ?
Anyway , none of that was what I was really planning to talk about .
( You knew that was coming , did n't you ? )
What I wanted to discuss was the function f : x → 1 / ( 1 - x ) .
I found this function because I was considering other permutations of {0 , 1 , ∞ , - 1} .
The f function takes 0 → 1 → ∞ → 0 .
( It also takes - 1 → 1/2 , and so is not one of the functions in the D 4 table above . )
We say that f has a periodic point of order 3 because f( f ( f( x ) ) ) = x for some x ; in this case at least for x ∈ {0 , 1 , ∞} .
A function with a periodic point of order three is not something you see every day , and I was somewhat surprised that as simple a function as 1 / ( 1 - x ) had one .
But if you do the algebra and calculate f( f( f( x ) ) ) explicitly , you find that you do indeed get x , so every point is a periodic point of order 3 , or possibly 1 .
Or you can do a simpler calculation : since f is the Möbius function that corresponds to the matrix F = !!{ \hphantom{ - }0\ , 1 \choose - 1\,1} !! , just calculate F3 .
You get !!{ - 1\ , \hphantom{ - }0 \choose \hphantom { - }0\ , - 1} !! , which is indeed the identity function .
This also gives you a simple matrix M for which M7 = M , if you happened to be looking for such a thing .
I had noticed a couple of years ago that this 1 / ( 1 - x ) function had period 3 , and then forgot about it .
Then I noticed it again a few weeks ago , and a nagging question came into my mind , which is reflected in a note I wrote in my notebook at that point : " WHAT ABOUT SARKOVSKY'S THEOREM ? "
Well , what about it ?
Sharkovskii's theorem ( I misspelled it in the notebook ) is a delightful generalization of the " Period three implies chaos " theorem of Li and Yorke .
It says , among other things , that if a continuous function of the reals has a periodic point of order 3 , then it also has a periodic point of order n for all positive integers n .
In particular , we can take n=1 , so the function f , which has a periodic point of order 3 must also have a fixed point .
But it 's quite easy to see that f has no fixed point on the reals : Just put f( x ) = 1 / ( 1 - x ) = x and solve for x ; there are no real solutions .
So what about Sharkovskii 's theorem ?
Oh , it only applies to continuous functions , and f is not , because f( 1 ) = ∞.
So that 's all right .
The Sharkovskii thing is excellent .
The Sharkovskii ordering of the integers is : 3 < 5 < 7 < 9 < ...
< 6 < 10 < 14 < 18 < ...
< 12 < 20 < 28 < 36 < ...
...
... < 16 < 8 < 4 < 2 < 1 .
And the theorem says that if a continuous function of the reals has a periodic point of order n , then it also has a periodic point of order m for all m > n in the Sharkovskii ordering .
So if the function has a periodic point of order 2 , it must also have a fixed point ; if it has a periodic point of order 4 , it must also have a periodic point of order 2 ; if it has a periodic point of order 17 , it must also have periodic points of all even orders and all odd orders greater than 17 , and so on .
The 1 / ( 1 - x ) function led me to read more about Sharkovskii 's theorem and its predecessor , the " period three implies chaos " theorem .
Is n't that a great name for a theorem ?
And Li and Yorke knew it , because that 's what they titled their paper .
" Chaos " in this context means the following : say that two values a and b are " scrambled " by f if , for any given d and ε , there is some n for which | fn ( a ) - fn( b ) | > d , and some m for which | fm ( a ) - fm ( b ) | < ε.
That is , a and b are scrambled if repeated application of f drives a and b far apart , then close together , then far apart again , and so on .
Then , if f is a continuous function with a periodic point of order 3 , there is some uncountable set S of reals such that f scrambles all distinct pairs of values a and b from S .
All that was from memory ; I hope it got it more or less correct .
( The Li and Yorke paper also includes an example of a continuous function with a periodic point of order 5 but no periodic point of order 3 .
It 's pretty simple . )
Order
Chaos
from Powell 's the web pages of James A. Yorke ( of Li and Yorke ) , and then to the book Chaos : An Introduction to Dynamical Systems that he did with Alligood and Sauer , which is very readable .
I was pleased to finally be studying this material , because it was a very early inspiration to me .
When I was about fourteen , my cousin Alex , who is an analytic chemist , came to visit , and told me about period - doubling and chaos in the logistic map .
( It was all over the news at the time . )
The logistic map is just f : x → λx ( 1 - x ) for some constant λ.
For small λ , the map has a single fixed point , which increases as λ does .
But at a certain critical value of λ ( λ=3 , actually ) the function 's behavior changes , and it suddenly begins to have a periodic point of order 2 .
As λ increases further , the behavior changes again , and the periodicity changes from order 2 to order 4 .
As λ increases , this happens again and again , with the splits occurring at exponentially closer and closer values of λ .
Eventually there is a magic value of λ at which the function goes berserk and is chaotic .
Chaos continues for a while , and then the function develops a periodic point of order 3 , which bifurcates ...
( The illustration here , which I copied from Wikipedia , uses r instead of λ. )
I was deeply impressed .
For some reason I got the idea that I would need to understand partial differential equations to understand the chaos and the logistic map , so I immediately set out on a program to learn what I thought I would need to know .
I enrolled in differential equations courses at Columbia University instead of in something more interesting .
The partial differential equations turned out to be a sidetrack , but in those days there were no undergraduate courses in iterated dynamic systems .
I am happy to discover that after only twenty - five years I am finally arriving at the destination .
Cousin
Alex also told me to carry a notebook and pen with me wherever I went .
That was good advice , and it took me rather less time to learn .
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
( Dagbladet.no ) : Denne lille krabaten var en av dyrene som har vært heldige etter skogbrannen på Froland .
Det er ikke tvil om at mange dyr har lidd under skogbrannen , mener grunneier Olav Mjåland , som kom ut av skogen med en liten rådyrkalv inni jakka .
- Det var brannfolkene som fant den , den lå og skrek .
Nå får vi få ham til dyreparken , tenker jeg , sier Mjåland til NRK .
Trolig har moren rømt fra flammene , men den lille kalven har ikke blitt med .
- Vellykket kveld
Skogbrannen herjer nå for femte dag .
Men brannsjef Jan Kongsvik sier til Agderposten .
no at de ser svært positivt på situasjonen rett før midnatt .
- Jeg må si det har vært en meget vellykket kveld .
Det er betydelig lavere aktivitet på alle brannfronter , sier han .
Elleve helikopter ble i løpet av kvelden satt inn i slukningsarbeidet .
Om natten blir det mindre aktivitet i lufta , mens brannmannskapene på bakken fortsetter .
- Det er en stor fare for at brannen blusser opp igjen dersom vinden øker .
Men ut over natten pleier det å være rolig vind , men vi blir nødt til å holde konsentrasjonen oppe i morgen tidlig når solen står opp og vinden sannsynligvis øker på , sier Kongsvik til Agderposten.no
REDDET : Grunneier Olav Mjåland med den lille rådyrkalven som ble funnet i skogbrannområdet i Froland fredag .
Foto : JOHAN CHRISTIAN FRØSTRUP
Vis mer
Brannen hadde fredag kveld ødelagt et område på over 30.000 mål .
Det vanligste anslaget er at minst 40.000 mål skog vil bli flammenes rov før brannen er slukket , ifølge NTB .
Sivilforsvaret kan stille
Justisminister Knut Storberget ankom Froland i dag , og dermed kom det også en opptrapping av beredskapet på land og i lufta .
Fungerende direktør i Direktoratet for samfunnssikkerhet og beredskap , Tor Suhrke , sa fredag kveld at den store luftstøtten fra elleve helikoptre gjør det mulig å slukke brannen mer effektivt på bakken .
- Luftstøtten skal slå ned de høye flammene for å hindre at brannen sprer seg fra tretopp til tretopp , sier Suhrke til NTB .
Med elleve helikoptre kan bakkemannskapene jobbe effektivt på flere steder samtidig .
Sivilforsvaret sendte fredag varsel til sine mannskaper også i Oslo og Akershus om å gjøre seg klar til innsats i Froland i løpet av helgen .
Fra før er rundt 300 mann fra Agder - fylkene og Telemark engasjert i slukningsarbeidet .
Nå kan Sivilforsvaret om nødvendig stille med nye 300 mann i løpet av lørdag , søndag og mandag .
The Internet Home for Independent Role - Playing Games
About the Forge | Articles | Reviews | Forums
Fantasy Heartbreakers
2002-04-01 by Ron Edwards
Copyright March 2002 , Adept Press
People who have known me for a while , and especially those who 've read Sorcerer & Sword , know of my life - long devotion to fantasy - and my nearly as life - long loathing of what has happened to most of it over the past two decades .
Without going into further detail regarding the background , any fantasy role - playing game is subject to dark , personal , and not especially friendly scrutiny from me .
Frankly , they usually induce teeth - gnashing , cries of rage , and pages of scrawling , in very tiny letters , in a spiral - bound notebook .
So combine this with the facts that many would - be hopeful role - playing games are fantasy , or " fantasy " anyway , and that I am dedicated to the cause of creator ownership and publishing one 's own vision ... and you can probably see the pickle I 'm in .
On the one hand , I 'm in agony when faced with another elfy - dwarfy deal , and on the other , I 'm saying , " Publish your dream , go , go , go . "
Fortunately , it all gets better when I take a step back and think historically .
I can be sympathetic this way .
Imagine a role - player who learned of " fantasy " through Dungeons and Dragons .
I can be a half - orc , he says .
So what 's an orc ?
Think of him having fun breaking doors , confronting the beholder , or running his fingers over the minotaur illustration in the Monster Manual .
And sooner or later , he says , I 'm tired of these rules or arguing about this or that .
Let 's do it this way .
And sooner or later after that , he and his friends say , this way is way better .
Wow , we wrote a game !
Maybe we can publish it too , like Gary did .
In the late 70s , this was n't unreasonable .
By the early 90s , though , things were considerably different .
This essay is about some 1990s games I 'm calling " fantasy heartbreakers , " which are truly impressive in terms of the drive , commitment , and personal joy that 's evident in both their existence and in their details - yet they are also teeth - grindingly frustrating , in that , like their counterparts from the late 70s , they represent but a single creative step from their source : old - style D&D .
And unlike those other games , as such , they were doomed from the start .
This essay is basically in their favor , in a kind of grief - stricken way .
Perhaps it 's no big deal .
Perhaps just getting into print and being on the shelves was all that their authors wanted .
Perhaps I 'm just a big meanie for expecting more ( 1 ) critical perspective of the intervening history of game design , ( 2 ) knowledge of actual fantasy instead of gaming - fantasy , ( 3 ) originality of concepts in mechanics , and ( 4 ) business acumen .
But then I look at the games , and I see some common features that lead me to think that their respective publications were not , after all , only about " seeing it in print . "
Nearly all of them include text that can described as " outreach , " or a deliberate attempt not only to present but to enlighten the reader about the self - perceived innovations .
Many have helpful accessories , like disks with programs for character creation or " idea cards " for players and GMs .
Several had spunky websites with all sorts of memberships and services and brave mission statements , but whose update - intervals grew longer and longer .
And considering when most were published , before most printers changed their policies regarding small print runs , print costs must have been enormous , in the $ 6000 - plus category for standard paperbacks .
Some of the games contain cardstock inserts , too .
Vanity is vanity , sure , but we are not talking about small sums .
So what 's the point of the essay ?
For once , my issue has nothing to do with GNS .
All of these games are solidly nested in Simulationist ( Setting ) , Gamist , or Gamist / Simulationist baskets , and most of them are quite coherent .
For once , I 'm talking about content , what some call " genre , " and the means of generating it through the mechanics of play .
So screw GNS , let 's talk about something else .
Cue videotape .
Fifth Cycle - 1990 , Shield Laminating , by Robert Bartels
Hahlmabrea - 1991 , Sutton Hoo Games , by Dan Fox .
Of Gods and Men - 1991 , Non Sequitur Productions , by Jeffrey Konkol
Darkurthe : Legends - 1993 , Black Dragon Press , by Matthew Yaro and Colin Murcray
Legendary Lives - 1993 , Marquee Press , by Kathleen and Joe Williams
Neverworld - 1996 , Foreverworld Books , by Erin Laughlin
Pelicar - 1996 , Pharoah Games , by Lewis Nicolls ( one of six listed authors , possibly the primary )
Forge : Out of Chaos - 1998 , Basement Games Unlimited , by Mike , Paul , and Mark Kibbe
Dawnfire - 2000 , Dawnfire Games / Committed Comics , by Jason Marin
All of these are indisputably independent : the author , the imprint , the company , and the publisher are all the same person or small group of persons .
Part One : Aaarrrghh !
Let 's take the most painful aspect of these games first - not one of them demonstrates a shred of critical perspective regarding role - playing techniques .
The authors played Old D&D , and their decisions about their games demonstrate a perfect salad of patch rules , unquestioned assumptions , and touted " innovations " that induce migraine , all founded on this single template .
For instance , let 's look at this weapons list from Dawnfire : Bill - Guisarme ... Flail , Flail ( horseman's ) , Glaive , Guisarme , Halberd ....
Lasso , Lucern Hammer ... Trident , Voulge ...
Just rolls trippingly off the tongue , does n't it ?
( For those of you who are wondering what I 'm talking about , we older role - players memorized the weapons - list in the 1978 Player 's Handbook through sheer concentration and fascination , such that its cadences took on a near - catechistic drone . )
Same goes for armor in these games ; it 's like a chant : padded , leather , studded , ring , chain , banded , splinted , half - plate , field plate , full plate ...
That 's a mere detail , however , compared with the other evidence that AD&D , vintage Numero Uno , provided not only the model , but the only model for these games ' design - to the extent of defining the very act of role - playing .
Metagame mechanics are conspicuously absent , with the exceptions noted later .
In Hahlmabrea and in Fifth Cycle the status of " adventurer " is an in - game licensed social role .
NeverWorld provides a painfully complex , self - help - group - like personality system which fundamentally becomes the same - old alignment system .
In Forge : Out of Chaos , the very notion of doing anything that is n't treasure - seeking in a dungeon is completely foreign - its section " Breaking Open Portals " is predicated on ( a ) finding treasure ( b ) in a dungeon , with no reference to the concept that doors might exist for any other reason or play any other sort of role in an imaginary situation .
The list of such things goes on and on .
Not that all the games are alike in their perspective on this act .
Hahlmabrea makes a fair effort to get away from loot - and - murder role - playing , although its means to do so are questionable at best ( " The council says you ought n't and they 'll kill you if you do " , which to me reads , " Do n't get caught " ) .
Forge :
Out of Chaos , on the other hand , is gleefully honest about looting and murdering as a way of life , or rather , role - playing .
Nor are they all alike in tone .
Dawnfire and Legendary Lives are zesty and kind of funny , whereas Neverworld is dreamy and pop-psychological , and Pelicar and Of Gods and Men are deadly earnest .
But the acts and concerns of role - playing , for each of these games , is exactly the same .
The tender - hearted readers probably consider me to be pretty mean at this point .
" But what 's wrong with that ? " they ask .
Consider : each of these games is alike regarding the act of role - playing itself .
The point of play is being an adventurer who grows very powerful and might die at any time , and all context and judgment and outcomes are the exclusive province of this guy called the GM ( or whatever ) , case closed .
They precisely parallel what AD&D role - playing evolved into during the early 1980s .
Each of these games is clearly written by a GM who would very much like all the players simply to shut up and play their characters without interfering with " what 's really happening . "
They are Social Contract time bombs .
Finally , the last painful thing .
Check out the self - perceived " innovations , " like these listed on the back of Forge : Out of Chaos .
Select proficiencies such as Final Blow , Field Repair , Assassination , Mounted Combat , and Blind Fighting !
[ AD& D2 , late 80s ]
No more arbitrary experience points !
The more you use a skill , the better you get !
[ RuneQuest , c. 1977 ]
Realistic combat mechanics !
Armor that can be destroyed !
[ The Fantasy Trip , 1980 ]
Two separate defensive values !
[ ( Sigh ) Champions , 1980 ]
The same applies to just about all the noted innovations - the spell paths in Fifth Cycle are straight out of Rolemaster , for instance , and Hahlmabrea 's magic crystals are straight out of RuneQuest .
Part Two : Hmmm !
All right , now for some interesting details ... these are neither painful nor wonderful , just some other notions or features that pertain to this set of games as a historical and conceptual group .
The art represents exactly the same blend throughout each book : a few fine pieces , a few real stinkers , and the majority being frankly boring in both subject and skill ( grinning goblins , elfy player - characters looking like actors in a B - movie , etc ) .
What I do like is that many of the books sport illustrations by the game authors themselves , for which I forgive a great deal of technical lack of expertise .
I just like the idea of a person writing a game and illustrating it .
But back to design .
Some interesting patterns show up in terms of differences from old D&D .
All of these games have skill lists .
All of them except one have randomized attribute systems , but also an extensive set of secondary attributes which serve to homogenize the actual Effective values ( i.e. , those used in play ) .
All of them greatly emphasize character race ( species , really ) as a major modifier of the randomized attribute system .
All of them have levels in one fashion or another , but interestingly , in all cases , a very diminished version of levels with not - terribly - notable effects on the character 's game effectiveness , compared with the role of skill proficiency .
All of them " crunchify " D&D combat in a RuneQuest or Rolemaster or Dragon Quest fashion , placing emphasis on individual character speed and action - by - action ( freeze - frame ) resolution .
Almost all of them rely heavily on damage rolls , but make some effort to integrate " how well you hit " into the final effect .
All of them have one speedy - race , one or more brute - race , and one pretty - race ( either winged humanoids or kitty - people ) , as well as the standard elves and dwarves .
Not one uses a D&D style magic system ( much more about this later ) .
What interests me about the above patterns is not that any particular detail is bad or good , but rather that they all represent the same solutions to problems in the design of D&D , especially in terms of generating a functional Gamist / Simulationist hybrid .
It 's very clear to me that what we are seeing are the children of Drift - and given the same Parent , so to speak , and similar ( if not identical ) interests in play , a very well - defined profile across the children is to be expected .
Those randomized attribute systems deserve a closer look , as they are almost all incredibly baroque .
With one exception , the attributes are to be rolled in order , and all of them include extensive racial modifiers as well .
Hahlmabrea : roll 3d10 for each of ten attributes , re-rolling all 1s , 2s , and 3s throughout the process ; each race confers a further randomized modifier of various sizes ( usually plus or minus 1d6 ) for various attributes .
Fifth Cycle : roll 2d10 and take the result to a table to determine one 's total points for allocation across nine attributes ; the table also provides the maximum ( and second maxima ) for any given attribute ; interestingly , in this game , if you want to play a non -human , you must roll for it .
Of Gods and Men : roll 7d10 for each of six attributes , taking the five highest as a total .
Legendary Lives : roll d6 for each of twelve attributes , adding the result to a given value set by race ; these values are highly differentiated by race such that the roll does n't make much difference .
Darkurthe : Legends : roll 2d6 + 4 for each of five attributes , with a couple of options listed ( e.g. roll six times and take the best five ) .
Pelicar : roll 3d10 for each of eight attributes , ignore the lowest , total the other two and add 10 .
Forge : Out of Chaos : roll 2d6 and 1d10 for each of six attributes , with the tens die acting as a decimal ( e.g. I roll 8 on the 2d6 and 3 on the d10 , so I have an 8.3 in that attribute ) ; three other attributes are determined randomly as well ( e.g. Speed d4 + 1 ) .
Dawnfire ( the normal - est ) : roll 2d10 for ten attributes and arrange to suit .
To me , each of these appears to be a solution to the fact that , in old D&D , rolling 3d6 , in order , to determine one 's one 's attributes was a near - guarantee of a really shitty character - hence the widespread cheating in character creation and the proliferation of house rules such as the above .
( By " house rules , " I mean patch rules - fixing a problem by adding correcters , rather than proceeding from base principles . )
It fascinates me how far some of these go , especially in combination with the bizarre math necessary to derive the secondary attributes .
For instance , in Pelicar , double the Reflex score , add some points based on Reflex value ( from a table ) , and add the profession modifier ( itself multipled by character level ) , to derive the character 's touch defense - which is what armor increases , during play .
This example is typical of the complexity of derived attributes across most of these games .
Very , very few of them have much in the way of metagame mechanics .
Player - called miracles come into Pelicar , similar ( and randomized ) Divine Power Cards play a small role in Of Gods and Men , and Dawnfire 's Luck attribute qualifies , as does Hahlmabrea 's secondary attribute Luck , much less significantly ( it starts at about 2 % ) .
However , with one major exception ( below ) , the kind of player - character separation inherent in metagame mechanics is not philosophically recognized in these games at all .
Part Three : Wow !
And now , at last , those things which astound and fascinate me about the games ... although I have to start with the fact that few of these things seem to have been well - understood by the authors as innovations , at least not to the extent that they deserve .
The basic notion is that nearly all of the listed games have one great idea buried in them somewhere .
It 's perhaps the central point of this essay - that yes , these games are not " only " AD&D knockoffs and hodgepodges of house rules .
They are indeed the products of actual play , love for the medium , and determined creativity .
That 's why they break my heart , because the nuggets are so buried and bemired within all the painful material I listed above .
Some examples include the exceptionally fun randomized " life - path " creation in Legendary Lives , which granted was first presented to role - playing by Cyberpunk , but here takes on a spritely , fun quality .
I would very much like to play the cultist Draco character I produced using this method , without reservation , and I have a clear image of his highly prized , rather sporty scarf .
( A Draco fire - conjurer with an ascot !
I mean it , it worked . )
This game also sports the " semi- diceless system , " which is to say , all rolls are made by players against target numbers , which I have praised highly regarding The Whispering Vault , published some years later .
I rather like the setting in Of Gods and Men , and Forge : Out of Chaos is irresistibly honest about itself ; I almost feel as if I 'd played with the authors just by reading the book .
Finally , I want to tell you about some magic systems , specifically that they are , in some cases , outright amazing .
It 's not surprising , really , given that the D&D magic system rots .
[ Cue large number of protests and excuses ; cue counter - arguments ; end . ]
But the neat thing is that these games do not simply recapitulate the magic - system solutions produced in the contemporaries of D&D at all , as they do with combat systems .
Instead , they provide genuine innovation .
Here , a tremendous number of author - power and metagame elements start to appear .
Hahlmabrea : A character learns several spells in a given category , but may cast them in any combination for synergistic effects .
Improvising novel combinations and outcomes is highly encouraged and supported by many examples in the text .
The best thing about this system is that combining spells actually reduces the chance for Spell Error , rather than increasing it - creating incentive to combine and be creative .
the chance for Spell Error , rather than increasing it - creating incentive to combine and be creative .
Legendary Lives :
A character knows a category or two of magic , with no further compartmentalization - no individual spells .
Instead , the player may customize applications of the category on the fly during play .
So if you know " Fire " spells , anything and everything about or using fire is yours to do .
It 's limited only by " cost " ( 0 - 5 ) as set completely freely by the GM , which is the one sour note in the mix , as it sounds to me like a recipe for bitter argument .
( LL 's system is similar to than Ars Magica 's , but more sketchy and flexible . )
Darkurthe : Legends : Spells are built through a component method .
Granted , it 's very much like that found in Fantasy Hero ( 1986 ) and crunchy as hell , but considering that no other games picked up on this type of magic - system , I 'm willing to extend credit to Darkurthe too .
Forge : Out of Chaos :
The player picks a character 's spells , but each one is heavily randomized for many aspects , including points to cast it , degree of side effects , distance , duration , and other things .
One begins with an allotment of re-rolls for these aspects of the spells , and increasing the character 's level includes more re-rolls , permitting the player either to add new spells or refine the old ones as desired .
Dawnfire : First of all , every character is a magic character in this setting , with Flow Points and access to a variety of magically - oriented abilities ; " magic users " are simply those who have optimized the same abilities that everyone has .
Second , the game includes the universally - accessible mechanic called bullshitting , which is just about the neatest magical mechanic I 've seen in print .
To " bullshit " is to cast any spell in the book or that the player can make up , regardless of what is or is n't written on the character 's sheet .
Anyone can try it , any time ; having a certain skill makes it a little safer , but that skill is not necessary .
Dawnfire also deserves some special mention for its encouragement to customize the magically - oriented characters as desired , such that one character might be a singing bard - type or whatever ... this is pretty standard , until I got to the suggestion regarding " na?ve " magic - guys - who must bullshit all their spells and never realize that they are casting magic .
The player must describe all the outcomes of their spells accordingly , manipulating elements of the environment to suit .
Boink !
Hard - core Director stance , more radical than nearly anything out there , buried as a throwaway option in the middle of the book !
My frustration with these real and impressive innovations is this : why not center the game specifically around the actual innovation , playing to the strength as it were ?
Dawnfire at least does so with its
Flow in setting terms , but the true power of the bullshitting system is still buried under a huge formal spell list , not to mention the overwhelming mass of D&D - based assumptions and imitations ( the creature list in this game is embarassingly derivative , for instance ) .
Of Gods and Men tries to do it with its Divine Power Cards , but they get quickly outweighed by the " traditional " magic system ; the far more sophisticated system in Darkurthe : Legends is similarly presented as secondary .
Speaking strictly as a practioner , if the innovations in magic system of any of the five games listed above had been dusted off and made the core of a powerful Premise ( of whatever GNS category ) , the game would have been a triumph of role - playing power and quite possibly extremely influential .
Part Four : Business and marketing
It is killing , just killing , to contemplate the authors ' naivete about the actual market and nature of RPGs as a business .
Consider their status from the perspective of the three - tier system of marketing .
As fantasy games , they were competing with TSR .
As " lines , " they were competing not only with TSR but also with such aggressive line - developers as White Wolf , AEG , and FASA ( at the time ) .
As lower - budget labors of love , they offer neither the coffee - table degree of glitz as single objects , nor the promise of multiple sequential objects , that the bigger companies presented .
So economics is the second reason that these games break my heart : basically , they were and are doomed .
The world of the 1990s was no longer a place in which a house - rules variant of D&D can take wings in the marketplace and fly .
They 're dead .
The older ones ' websites are fading or absent , and the books are in the half - off boxes .
I very much fear that the more recent ones will go the same way .
Why ?
Because they are not selling direct to end -users , they are selling to the tiers .
A limited presence in stores via " slush - fund " ordering is the best they can hope for , meaning no in - store sales or even recognition of their presence .
And even if they get to end - users , their aggressively retro mode of play and presentation cannot compete with those games which defined that mode of play and command the loyalty of those who value it .
In terms of the tiers , these games are what define small press : imitative game design , low - budget presentation , and minimal customer interest .
To the retailer of the 1990s , such a game is not re-ordered , even if it sells .
Part Five :
What 's it to Us ?
This is What
These are indie role - playing games .
Their authors are part of the Forge community , in all the ways that matter .
They designed their games through enjoyment of actual play , and they published them through hopes of reaching like - minded practitioners .
It is not fair to dismiss the games as " sucky " - they deserve better than that , and no one is going to give them fair play and critical attention unless we do it .
Sure , I expect tons of groan - moments as some permutation of an imitative system , or some overwhelming and unnecessary assumption , interferes with play .
But those nuggets of innovation , on the other hand , might penetrate our minds , via play , in a way that prompts further insight .
Let 's play them .
My personal picks are Dawnfire and Forge : Out of Chaos , but yours might be different .
I say , grab a Heartbreaker and play it , and write about it .
Find the nuggets , practice some comparative criticism , think historically .
Get your heart broken with me .
People who have known me for a while , and especially those who 've read Sorcerer & Sword , know of my life - long devotion to fantasy - and my nearly as life - long loathing of what has happened to most of it over the past two decades .
Without going into further detail regarding the background , any fantasy role - playing game is subject to dark , personal , and not especially friendly scrutiny from me .
Frankly , they usually induce teeth - gnashing , cries of rage , and pages of scrawling , in very tiny letters , in a spiral - bound notebook .
So combine this with the facts that many would - be hopeful role - playing games are fantasy , or " fantasy " anyway , and that I am dedicated to the cause of creator ownership and publishing one 's own vision ... and you can probably see the pickle I 'm in .
On the one hand , I 'm in agony when faced with another elfy - dwarfy deal , and on the other , I 'm saying , " Publish your dream , go , go , go .
" Fortunately , it all gets better when I take a step back and think historically .
I can be sympathetic this way .
Imagine a role - player who learned of " fantasy " through Dungeons and Dragons .
I can be a half - orc , he says .
So what 's an orc ?
Think of him having fun breaking doors , confronting the beholder , or running his fingers over the minotaur illustration in the Monster Manual .
And sooner or later , he says , I 'm tired of these rules or arguing about this or that .
Let 's do it this way .
And sooner or later after that , he and his friends say , this way is way better .
Wow , we wrote a game !
Maybe we can publish it too , like Gary did .
In the late 70s , this was n't unreasonable .
By the early 90s , though , things were considerably different .
This essay is about some 1990s games I 'm calling " fantasy heartbreakers , " which are truly impressive in terms of the drive , commitment , and personal joy that 's evident in both their existence and in their details - yet they are also teeth - grindingly frustrating , in that , like their counterparts from the late 70s , they represent but a single creative step from their source : old - style D&D .
And unlike those other games , as such , they were doomed from the start .
This essay is basically in their favor , in a kind of grief - stricken way .
Perhaps it 's no big deal .
Perhaps just getting into print and being on the shelves was all that their authors wanted .
Perhaps I 'm just a big meanie for expecting more ( 1 ) critical perspective of the intervening history of game design , ( 2 ) knowledge of actual fantasy instead of gaming - fantasy , ( 3 ) originality of concepts in mechanics , and ( 4 ) business acumen .
But then I look at the games , and I see some common features that lead me to think that their respective publications were not , after all , only about " seeing it in print . "
Nearly all of them include text that can described as " outreach , " or a deliberate attempt not only to present but to enlighten the reader about the self - perceived innovations .
Many have helpful accessories , like disks with programs for character creation or " idea cards " for players and GMs .
Several had spunky websites with all sorts of memberships and services and brave mission statements , but whose update - intervals grew longer and longer .
And considering when most were published , before most printers changed their policies regarding small print runs , print costs must have been enormous , in the $ 6000 - plus category for standard paperbacks .
Some of the games contain cardstock inserts , too .
Vanity is vanity , sure , but we are not talking about small sums .
So what 's the point of the essay ?
For once , my issue has nothing to do with GNS .
All of these games are solidly nested in Simulationist ( Setting ) , Gamist , or Gamist / Simulationist baskets , and most of them are quite coherent .
For once , I 'm talking about content , what some call " genre , " and the means of generating it through the mechanics of play .
So screw GNS , let 's talk about something else .
Cue videotape .
Fifth Cycle - 1990 , Shield Laminating , by Robert BartelsHahlmabrea - 1991 , Sutton Hoo Games , by Dan Fox .
Of Gods and Men - 1991 , Non Sequitur Productions , by Jeffrey KonkolDarkurthe : Legends - 1993 , Black Dragon Press , by Matthew Yaro and Colin MurcrayLegendary Lives - 1993 , Marquee Press , by Kathleen and Joe WilliamsNeverworld - 1996 , Foreverworld Books , by Erin LaughlinPelicar - 1996 , Pharoah Games , by Lewis Nicolls ( one of six listed authors , possibly the primary ) Forge : Out of Chaos - 1998 , Basement Games Unlimited , by Mike , Paul , and Mark KibbeDawnfire - 2000 , Dawnfire Games / Committed Comics , by Jason MarinAll of these are indisputably independent : the author , the imprint , the company , and the publisher are all the same person or small group of persons .
Let 's take the most painful aspect of these games first - not one of them demonstrates a shred of critical perspective regarding role - playing techniques .
The authors played Old D&D , and their decisions about their games demonstrate a perfect salad of patch rules , unquestioned assumptions , and touted " innovations " that induce migraine , all founded on this single template .
For instance , let 's look at this weapons list from Dawnfire : Bill - Guisarme ... Flail , Flail ( horseman's ) , Glaive , Guisarme , Halberd ....
Lasso , Lucern Hammer ... Trident , Voulge ... Just rolls trippingly off the tongue , does n't it ?
( For those of you who are wondering what I 'm talking about , we older role - players memorized the weapons - list in the 1978 Player 's Handbook through sheer concentration and fascination , such that its cadences took on a near - catechistic drone . )
Same goes for armor in these games ; it 's like a chant : padded , leather , studded , ring , chain , banded , splinted , half - plate , field plate , full plate ... That 's a mere detail , however , compared with the other evidence that AD&D , vintage Numero Uno , provided not only the model , but the only model for these games ' design - to the extent of defining the very act of role - playing .
Metagame mechanics are conspicuously absent , with the exceptions noted later .
In Hahlmabrea and in Fifth Cycle the status of " adventurer " is an in - game licensed social role .
NeverWorld provides a painfully complex , self - help - group - like personality system which fundamentally becomes the same - old alignment system .
In Forge : Out of Chaos , the very notion of doing anything that is n't treasure - seeking in a dungeon is completely foreign - its section " Breaking Open Portals " is predicated on ( a ) finding treasure ( b ) in a dungeon , with no reference to the concept that doors might exist for any other reason or play any other sort of role in an imaginary situation .
The list of such things goes on and on .
Not that all the games are alike in their perspective on this act .
Hahlmabrea makes a fair effort to get away from loot - and - murder role - playing , although its means to do so are questionable at best ( " The council says you ought n't and they 'll kill you if you do " , which to me reads , " Do n't get caught " ) .
Forge :
Out of Chaos , on the other hand , is gleefully honest about looting and murdering as a way of life , or rather , role - playing .
Nor are they all alike in tone .
Dawnfire and Legendary Lives are zesty and kind of funny , whereas Neverworld is dreamy and pop-psychological , and Pelicar and Of Gods and Men are deadly earnest .
The tender - hearted readers probably consider me to be pretty mean at this point .
" But what 's wrong with that ? " they ask .
Consider : each of these games is alike regarding the act of role - playing itself .
The point of play is being an adventurer who grows very powerful and might die at any time , and all context and judgment and outcomes are the exclusive province of this guy called the GM ( or whatever ) , case closed .
They precisely parallel what AD&D role - playing evolved into during the early 1980s .
Each of these games is clearly written by a GM who would very much like all the players simply to shut up and play their characters without interfering with " what 's really happening . "
They are Social Contract time bombs .
Finally , the last painful thing .
Check out the self - perceived " innovations , " like these listed on the back of Forge : Out of Chaos .
The same applies to just about all the noted innovations - the spell paths in Fifth Cycle are straight out of Rolemaster , for instance , and Hahlmabrea 's magic crystals are straight out of RuneQuest .
All right , now for some interesting details ... these are neither painful nor wonderful , just some other notions or features that pertain to this set of games as a historical and conceptual group .
The art represents exactly the same blend throughout each book : a few fine pieces , a few real stinkers , and the majority being frankly boring in both subject and skill ( grinning goblins , elfy player - characters looking like actors in a B - movie , etc ) .
What I do like is that many of the books sport illustrations by the game authors themselves , for which I forgive a great deal of technical lack of expertise .
I just like the idea of a person writing a game and illustrating it .
But back to design .
Some interesting patterns show up in terms offrom old D&D .
What interests me about the above patterns is not that any particular detail is bad or good , but rather that they all represent the same solutions to problems in the design of D&D , especially in terms of generating a functional Gamist / Simulationist hybrid .
It 's very clear to me that what we are seeing are the children of Drift - and given the same Parent , so to speak , and similar ( if not identical ) interests in play , a very well - defined profile across the children is to be expected .
Those randomized attribute systems deserve a closer look , as they are almost all incredibly baroque .
With one exception , the attributes are to be rolled in order , and all of them include extensive racial modifiers as well .
To me , each of these appears to be a solution to the fact that , in old D&D , rolling 3d6 , in order , to determine one 's one 's attributes was a near - guarantee of a really shitty character - hence the widespread cheating in character creation and the proliferation of house rules such as the above .
( By " house rules , " I meanrules - fixing a problem by adding correcters , rather than proceeding from base principles . )
It fascinates me how far some of these go , especially in combination with the bizarre math necessary to derive the secondary attributes .
For instance , in Pelicar , double the Reflex score , add some points based on Reflex value ( from a table ) , and add the profession modifier ( itself multipled by character level ) , to derive the character 's touch defense - which is what armor increases , during play .
This example is typical of the complexity of derived attributes across most of these games .
Very , very few of them have much in the way of metagame mechanics .
Player - called miracles come into Pelicar , similar ( and randomized ) Divine Power Cards play a small role in Of Gods and Men , and Dawnfire 's Luck attribute qualifies , as does Hahlmabrea 's secondary attribute Luck , much less significantly ( it starts at about 2 % ) .
However , with one major exception ( below ) , the kind of player - character separation inherent in metagame mechanics is not philosophically recognized in these games at all .
And now , at last , those things which astound and fascinate me about the games ... although I have to start with the fact that few of these things seem to have been well - understood by the authors as innovations , at least not to the extent that they deserve .
The basic notion is that nearly all of the listed games have one great idea buried in them somewhere .
It 's perhaps the central point of this essay - that yes , these games are not " only " AD&D knockoffs and hodgepodges of house rules .
They are indeed the products of actual play , love for the medium , and .
That 's why they break my heart , because the nuggets are so buried and bemired within all the painful material I listed above .
Some examples include the exceptionally fun randomized " life - path " creation in Legendary Lives , which granted was first presented to role - playing by Cyberpunk , but here takes on a spritely , fun quality .
I would very much like to play the cultist Draco character I produced using this method , without reservation , and I have a clear image of his highly prized , rather sporty scarf .
( A Draco fire - conjurer with an ascot !
I mean it , it worked . )
This game also sports the " semi- diceless system , " which is to say , all rolls are made by players against target numbers , which I have praised highly regarding The Whispering Vault , published some years later .
I rather like the setting in Of Gods and Men , and Forge : Out of Chaos is irresistibly honest about itself ; I almost feel as if I 'd played with the authors just by reading the book .
Finally , I want to tell you about some magic systems , specifically that they are , in some cases , outright amazing .
It 's not surprising , really , given that the D&D magic system rots .
[ Cue large number of protests and excuses ; cue counter - arguments ; end . ]
But the neat thing is that these games do not simply recapitulate the magic - system solutions produced in the contemporaries of D&D at all , as they do with combat systems .
Instead , they provide genuine innovation .
Here , a tremendous number of author - power and metagame elements start to appear .
Dawnfire also deserves some special mention for its encouragement to customize the magically - oriented characters as desired , such that one character might be a singing bard - type or whatever ... this is pretty standard , until I got to the suggestion regarding " na?ve " magic - guys - who must bullshit all their spells and never realize that they are casting magic .
The player must describe all the outcomes of their spells accordingly , manipulating elements of the environment to suit .
Boink !
Hard - core Director stance , more radical than nearly anything out there , buried as a throwaway option in the middle of the book !
My frustration with these real and impressive innovations is this : why not center the game specifically around the actual innovation , playing to the strength as it were ?
Dawnfire at least does so with its
Flow in setting terms , but the true power of the bullshitting system is still buried under a huge formal spell list , not to mention the overwhelming mass of D&D - based assumptions and imitations ( the creature list in this game is embarassingly derivative , for instance ) .
Of Gods and Men tries to do it with its Divine Power Cards , but they get quickly outweighed by the " traditional " magic system ; the far more sophisticated system in Darkurthe : Legends is similarly presented as secondary .
Speaking strictly as a practioner , if the innovations in magic system of any of the five games listed above had been dusted off and made the core of a powerful Premise ( of whatever GNS category ) , the game would have been a triumph of role - playing power and quite possibly extremely influential .
It is killing , just killing , to contemplate the authors ' naivete about the actual market and nature of RPGs as a business .
Consider their status from the perspective of the three - tier system of marketing .
As fantasy games , they were competing with TSR .
As " lines , " they were competing not only with TSR but also with such aggressive line - developers as White Wolf , AEG , and FASA ( at the time ) .
As lower - budget labors of love , they offer neither the coffee - table degree of glitz as single objects , nor the promise of multiple sequential objects , that the bigger companies presented .
So economics is the second reason that these games break my heart : basically , they were and are doomed .
The world of the 1990s was no longer a place in which a house - rules variant of D&D can take wings in the marketplace and fly .
They 're dead .
The older ones ' websites are fading or absent , and the books are in the half - off boxes .
I very much fear that the more recent ones will go the same way .
Why ?
Because they are not selling direct to end -users , they are selling to the tiers .
A limited presence in stores via " slush - fund " ordering is the best they can hope for , meaning no in - store sales or even recognition of their presence .
And even if they get to end - users , their aggressively retro mode of play and presentation cannot compete with those games which defined that mode of play and command the loyalty of those who value it .
In terms of the tiers , these games are what define small press : imitative game design , low - budget presentation , and minimal customer interest .
To the retailer of the 1990s , such a game is not re-ordered , even if it sells .
These are indie role - playing games .
Their authors are part of the Forge community , in all the ways that matter .
They designed their games through enjoyment of actual play , and they published them through hopes of reaching like - minded practitioners .
It is not fair to dismiss the games as " sucky " - they deserve better than that , and no one is going to give them fair play and critical attention unless we do it .
Sure , I expect tons of groan - moments as some permutation of an imitative system , or some overwhelming and unnecessary assumption , interferes with play .
But those nuggets of innovation , on the other hand , might penetrate our minds , via play , in a way that prompts further insight .
Let 's play them .
My personal picks are Dawnfire and Forge : Out of Chaos , but yours might be different .
I say , grab a Heartbreaker and play it , and write about it .
Find the nuggets , practice some comparative criticism , think historically .
Get your heart broken with me .
The Forge moderated by
All articles , reviews , and posts on this site are copyright their designated author .
moderated by Ron Edwards and administrated by Vincent Baker All articles , reviews , and posts on this site are copyright their designated author .
To repeat something mentioned below , John McCain told Katie Couric that the surge caused the Anbar Awakening :
Colonel McFarland was contacted by one of the major Sunni sheiks .
Because of the surge we were able to go out and protect that sheik and others .
And it began the Anbar awakening .
I mean , that 's just a matter of history .
And yet here 's an article McFarland co-wrote which makes it clear that not only did the events he was involved with predate the surge , but he was out of Anbar by February 2007 -- just as the first surge forces were arriving .
The term " surge " does n't so much as appear in his account .
Seth Colter Walls notes that McCain himself understood the chronology correctly at one point .
Meanwhile , as Keith Olbermann apparently noted in tonight 's broadcast , CBS ( part of the vast media conspiracy that McCain believes is arrayed against him ) handled McCain 's blunder by using misleading editing to cover it up : " CBS curiously , to say the least , left it on the edit room floor .
It aired Katie Couric 's question , but in response , it aired part of McCain 's answer to the other question instead . "
Sometimes things have to end up on the cutting room floor in television , but it seems to me that if you show video of a question being asked , you ought to cut to the interviewee answering that question not just show some other film .
Certainly when you 've got a candidate who 's made the idea that he 's super - knowledgeable about national security policy misstating the basic facts of the issue that seems noteworthy .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Chinese student was removed from Clements High School in Fort Bend , Texas after parents complained he had re-created the school grounds in a game and uploaded the map for his friends to play .
The boy was placed in the district ’s alternate education school and later arrested , as the police considered him a “ t erroristic threat ” .
“ They arrested him , Chen said of FBISD police , and also went to the house to search ” .
The Lin family consented to the search , and a hammer was found in the boy ’s room , which he used to fix his bed , because it was n’t in good shape , Chen said .
He indicated police seized the hammer as a potential weapon .
The Chinese community and the boy ’s mother have rallied behind him , saying the school has acted too harshly in the wake of the Virginia Tech shoot ings .
No charges were filed , though the boy wo n’t be allowed to participate in graduation ceremonies .
Photos of the CS map can be found here : ( what a shame !
this map looks pretty good ! )
And here ’s the actual map , minus the textures :
www.megaupload.com/?d=F48893HJ
rapidshare.com/files/29195663/clmbsp.rar.html
www.megashare.com/165325
Later Update :
I found the whole story ( originally hosted on Fort Bend Now ) :
A Chinese student has been arrested in Texas , charged with “ Suspected T errorist Activity ” .
This student was apprehended after parents discovered that he had used plans of his High School in the creation of a map for an online first person shooter .
The authorities were notified after parents learned of the map from their children , who had downloaded it off of the internet .
“ They arrested him , .
Chen said of FBISD police , . and also went to the house to search ..
The Lin family consented to the search , and a hammer was found in the boy ’s room , which he used to fix his bed , because it was n’t in good shape , Chen said .
He indicated police seized the hammer as a potential weapon .
While no charges have been filed against the student , he has been removed from Clements High School and will not be allowed to graduate with his former classmates .
I do n’t know what to say .
For most of us who have ever designed a 3D environment , using familiar surroundings is very common place .
With no sinister motive , designers use plans for all sorts of different areas to add variety to their designs .
I do n’t understand the punishment given to this student , who has been cleared of any premonitions for violence .
He has been convicted of no crime but then the school expels him ?
I guess “ innocent until proven guilty ” has no merit with the school board .
Even with the authorities finding no evidence of gaming - related causes for the Virginia Tech shootings …
It seems that we , as gamers , still are targeted as warped killers .
Posted under
Mikhail Gorbachev Russia Never Wanted a War
The planners of the crisis in Georgia clearly wanted to make sure that Russia would be blamed for worsening the situation .
Last November
I wrote a diary called The Panic of 2008 ? in which I predicted :
This is NOT the Great Depression II .
Nor is this the stagflationary 1970s .
It is going to unfold as some other Beast .
Only the broad outlines of this Beast appear discernable now : it will likely feature ( 1 ) increasing import prices ; ( 2 ) wage stagnation ( that does not keep up with price inflation ) ; ( 3 ) real asset deflation ; and ( 4 ) possibly a Japan - style " liquidity trap . "
That prediction has been borne out so far .
In view of the events of this last week , particularly the run on Fannie and Freddie , and the failure of IndyMac , revisiting the Big economic Picture seems timely .
The Panic of 2008 is unfolding like a neutron bomb over the financial and construction sectors of the economy , leaving the infrastructure of the rest of the economy basically intact .
Asset prices - stocks and real estate - are declining , wages are stagnant , import inflation is setting records .
But The Panic of 2008 nevertheless signifies an important turning point .
I. Introduction
The genesis of the Panic of 2008 was the tremendous housing - centered credit bubble earlier in the decade .
Fog - the - mirror credit was extended to those who had no hope of ever paying it back , by mortgage brokers whose sole financial interest was " closing the deal . "
The loans were immediately bundeled together and sold off to " investors " who thought they were buying " AAA " rated debt , which turned out to be cr*p .
The availability of all of those mortgages also led to a massive overbuilding of residential housing , at inflated prices due to artificially stimulated demand .
So now , just as the bad credits are blowing up , the underlying assets are in decline , triggering the next series of defaults -- much as each not - quite - watertight compartment in the sinking Titanic 's filling up with water , tipped the ship just enough for water to spill into the next compartment .
II .
The 3 modes of financial crises
To recap , it is worthwhile to return to this excellent summary of 3 types of financial crises by Prof.
Brad DeLong .
First , he identifies 3 classes of financial crises :
- Liquidity crises
- Solvency crises that are easily cured by easier monetary policy that boosts asset values
- Solvency crises that are n't easily cured by easier monetary policy
that he then describes in fuller detail :
A full - scale financial crisis is triggered by a sharp fall in the prices of a large set of assets that banks and other financial institutions own , or that make up their borrowers ' financial reserves .
The cure depends on which of three modes define the fall in asset prices .
The first -- and " easiest " -- mode is when investors refuse to buy at normal prices not because they know that economic fundamentals are suspect , but because they fear that others will panic , forcing everybody to sell at fire - sale prices .
[ My note : in this mode , unlike modes 2 and 3 , underlying assets are worth more than accumulated debts , but they are not " liquid " -- they can not be sold at other than discount prices prior to the date at which payments on debt become due ] .
The cure for this mode -- a liquidity crisis caused by declining confidence in the financial system -- is to ensure that banks and other financial institutions with cash liabilities can raise what they need by borrowing from others or from central banks .
....
In the second mode , asset prices fall because investors recognize that they should never have been as high as they were , or that future productivity growth is likely to be lower and interest rates higher .
Either way , current asset prices are no longer warranted .
This kind of crisis ... [ is ] because the problem is that banks are n't solvent at prevailing interest rates .
Banks are highly leveraged institutions with relatively small capital bases , so even a relatively small decline in the prices of assets that they or their borrowers hold can leave them unable to pay off depositors , no matter how long the liquidation process .
....
The problem is not illiquidity but insolvency at prevailing interest rates .
But if the central bank reduces interest rates and credibly commits to keeping them low in the future , asset prices will rise .
Thus , low interest rates make the problem go away .... ....
The third mode is like the second : A bursting bubble or bad news about future productivity or interest rates drives the fall in asset prices .
But the fall is larger .
Easing monetary policy wo n't solve this kind of crisis , because even moderately lower interest rates cannot boost asset prices enough to restore the financial system to solvency .
[ My note :
This mode is the full - fledged deflationary spiral and liquidity trap ] .
Applying DeLong 's 3 modes to recent events , we see that what began as a " subprime " mortgage default event in February 2007 turned into a " liquidity " event in August 2007 as two Bear Sterns sponsored hedge funds collapsed .
The Federal Reserve , dealing with a " mode 2 " event , quickly lowered rates from over 5 % to 2 % .
This allows banks to rebuild balance sheets and restore solvency and liquidity .
What happened this past week is the first indication that we may have begun to pass into a " mode 3 " insolvency crisis , where even low interest rates cannot save fragille or overleveraged financial institutions like IndyMac -- and maybe even mortgage giants Fannie and Freddie .
III .
The Neutron Bomb over the Financial Sector
As I wrote in my last diary , so far the data paints a picture of a total meltdown of the financial sector of the economy , with the rest of the economy , while under considerable stress from soaring gasoline prices , has n't buckled yet .
But make no mistake , this is a fragile basis for stabilization or recovery .
As I pointed out in a diary one year ago entitled , Are Hard Times Near ?
The Great Decline in Interest Rates is Ending , for nearly 30 years American consumers have relied on increasing asset prices ( stocks or real estate ) or decreasing interest rates ( to refinance debt ) during those times like the last 8 years in which their incomes and wealth have not increased .
Only once before ( the recession of 1991 ) have all of these sources been closed off .
The evidence is that Americans are increasingly adding purchases ( like , of gas for their cars ) to their credit card balances , and eating their seed corn by taking loans from their 401K plans .
This can not go on for very long .
IV .
Meanwhile , Import prices have soared .
On Friday we also got an update on import prices .
They are soaring , and the year - over - year comparisons are getting worse every month .
Inflation in import prices , at 20.5 % annually , is now worse than even during the 1970s oil shocks :
This is what happens to Banana Republics whose currencies are not worth holding on to .
More on the ramifications of this in part VI .
below .
V. A turning point this week ?
But if so far we have only seen a " neutron bomb " , then the events of the last week are warnings that an " atomic bomb " may be ticking , and a much worse " hydrogen bomb " is possible .
Until just a few weeks ago , the idea that the two huge Government Sponsored Entities ( GSE's ) , Fannie and Freddie , might need rescuing , was a fringe idea .
Then on Wednesday former Fed governor William Poole said they were " insolvent " triggering a classic panic -- an outright run on their shares .
By the end of yesterday there were rumors floated and denied of nationalization and Fed intervention .
If either scenario comes to pass , that would be like an " atomic bomb " having wide but not universal ramifications for the economy .
Fannie and Freddie did not write subprime mortgages or liar loans .
While only a small fraction of Fannie and Freddie 's $ 5 Trillion combined portfolio's ( of conforming 80 % or less mortgages ) would likely fail , even 5 % of that ( a reasonable worst case scenario ) is $ 250 billion .
That would be an enormous tab for the taxpayer to pick up .
Even if the taxpayer does not pick up this tab , but merely " purchases " the entities and becomes their new owners , ( and becomes entitled to the income stream generated by the mortgages ) that is going to add some serious red ink to the deficits .
Taxes are going to have to be raised , budgets severely cut , or a large amount of new debt ( bonds ) will have to be issued .
This is not good news for the world 's biggest debtor , Uncle Sam .
In view of Uncle Sam 's possible $ 100 billion + new liability , something unheard of happened .
Usually when the stock market tanks on bad news , investors " flee to quality " which typically means buying US treasury bonds .
Yesterday , for the first time in living memory , that did n't happen .
While gold , oil , and most other commodities rallied ; and while most foreign currencies ( e.g. , Euro , Yen ) rallied ( i.e. , the dollar lost value ; US Treasury bonds not only did not rally , instead , they sold off significantly ( orange line Thurs. , to green line Fri . ) :
If the nationalization of Fannie and Freddie would be an " atomic bomb " , then the ramifications to the FDIC insurance system of more bank collapses like IndyMac would be like a " hydrogen bomb " , setting the stage for unthinkable commodity prices and a rout of US Treasury bonds orders of magnitude worse .
At the end of 2007 , according to the FDIC 's financial statement , it held $ 53 billion in its deposit insurance fund .
According to the FDIC press release announcing the seizure of IndyMac :
Based on preliminary analysis , the estimated cost of the resolution to the Deposit Insurance Fund is between $ 4 and $ 8 billion
While the IndyMac failure does not impair that fund , if there are many more such failures lurking , ultimately the FDIC would have to resort to Uncle Sam 's printing press to make good on its insurance .
And that would make the selloff in US Treasuries on Friday look like a picnic .
VI .
Conclusion : Slouching ever so slightly closer to a Banana Republic
As readers of my comments and diaries know , I dislike Armageddon scenarios .
They are extremely , extremely rare for a reason .
Even with all of the mismanagement and collapse of the Bush / Greenspan credit bubble -- problems widely observed , reported on , and known to investors for the last several years -- US Treasury bond yields are still firmly in the range they have occupied since January 20 , 2001 :
But what is happening is that the US dollar has substantially lost its position as the world 's reserve currency , as reflected in this graph of foreign holdings :
The US has largely escaped the ramifications of being a deadbeat debtor nation due to the privileged position of having the world 's reserve currency .
As that wanes , more and more inflation will be imported in response to ever more debt creation , even if necessary in response to a crisis .
If long term rates go up 1/4 % in view of a possible seizure of Fannie and Freddie , imagine what will happen to them if there is full nationalization , and if there is printing of money to fund FDIC insurance .
Even a 1 % increase in long term borrowing rates will create serious problems for consumers and for Uncle Sam 's continuing to finance his debt .
The Panic of 2008 is the turning point .
The average US citizen is seeing a declining standard of living relative to the rest of the world .
Interest rates will begin to rise , not in a drastic end - of - the - world move , but gradually , inexorably , and increasingly so long as Uncle Sam and his citizens continue to accumulate debt .
Thursday , 17 Jul , 2008 Technology
According to representatives from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency , they are going to test a 10 meter ( 33ft ) - long vehicle dubbed Silent Supersonic Technology Demonstrator ( S3T ) .
The test is going to take place in 2012 and it is worth mentioning that the S3T follows the Supersonic Transport program , which ended up in 2005 with the flight of Next - 1 a 2 meter - long vehicle .
The demonstrator represents a part of the project that aims towards the creation of a commercial supersonic aircraft in 2015 .
Researchers hope that the upcoming super jet could pass the distance between the US west coast and Tokyo in 5 hours .
The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency says that the Japanese government each year provides $ 200 million for the program .
The program began in 2007 , setting up the second phase of the previous technologically advanced research project .
Recently the agency presented a deck model of the S3T .
The presentation took place at Farnborough .
The Japanese look forward to work on the project taking into consideration ecological problems , in accordance with recent trends of European countries and the United States .
It wants to cut the sonic boom and the noise of the vehicle at take - off .
In the meantime , the agency prepares to launch its Mach 5.0 hypersonic propulsion technology demonstrator .
The research will continue running until 2015 .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
2008 was predicted to be a big year for the PS3 , and it looks like things are going according to plan :
Sony announced today that European PS3 sales had topped the five million mark , and that the PS3 has been outselling the Xbox 360 sur le continent since October .
Combined with the PS3's strong US showings lately , and that 's a pretty solid run -- and we 'd assume things are only get to get better once MGS4 hits in June .
Hmm , looks like a few of you decided to take the plunge after all .
[ Thanks , Nimro ]
Gary McKinnon could face a long prison sentence A Briton accused of hacking into top - secret military computers has vowed to fight extradition to stand trial in the US after losing a court appeal .
Glasgow - born Gary McKinnon could face life in jail if convicted of accessing 97 US military and Nasa computers .
He has admitted breaking into the computers from his London home but said he was seeking information on UFOs .
Mr McKinnon says he will take his case to the European Court of Human Rights after losing the Law Lords appeal .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr McKinnon , 42 , first lost his case at the High Court in 2006 before taking it to the highest court in the UK , the House of Lords .
He was arrested in 2002 but never charged in the UK .
The US government claims he committed a malicious crime - the biggest military computer hack ever .
The authorities have warned that without his co-operation and a guilty plea the case could be treated as terrorism and he could face a long jail sentence .
' Moral crusade ' Mr McKinnon , now living in north London , told BBC Radio 5 Live he was " pretty broken up " by the Law Lords ' ruling , although he had expected the outcome .
He admitted he had been " misguided " in what he did , but said he believed at the time that he was acting in the public interest .
I 'm extremely sorry I did it , but I think the reaction is completely overstated
Gary McKinnon
" It felt like a moral crusade , " he said .
However , Mr McKinnon said he did not accept US claims that he caused damage to their systems .
Instead he said he maintained a " quiet presence " and actually highlighted security problems .
" I 'm extremely sorry I did it , but I think the reaction is completely overstated .
I should face a penalty in Britain and I 'd gladly do my time here , " he said .
" To go from , you know , perhaps a year or two in a British jail to 60 years in an American prison is ridiculous . "
A statement by solicitors for Mr McKinnon , who was not at the Lords to hear the judgement , said their client was " neither a terrorist nor a terrorist sympathiser " .
" His case could have been properly dealt with by our own prosecuting authorities .
We believe that the British government declined to prosecute him to enable the US government to make an example of him .
" American officials involved in this case have stated that they want to see him ' fry ' .
" The consequences he faces if extradited are both disproportionate and intolerable . "
' Critical systems '
Mr McKinnon 's lawyers also claim he could be sent to Guantanamo Bay if he is treated as a terrorist .
Mr McKinnon , a former systems analyst , is accused of hacking into the computers with the intention of intimidating the US government .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It alleges that between February 2001 and March 2002 , he hacked into dozens of US Army , Navy , Air Force , and Department of Defense computers , as well as 16 Nasa computers .
Prosecutors say he altered and deleted files at a naval air station not long after the 11 September attacks in 2001 , rendering critical systems inoperable .
Mr McKinnon , who is currently unemployed , has admitted that he accessed computers in the US without authority .
But he has said he is merely a computer nerd , whose motives were harmless and innocent .
He denies any attempts at sabotage .
He said he wanted to find evidence of UFOs he thought was being held by the US authorities , and to expose what he believed was a cover - up .
Repatriated The Law Lords were told by Mr McKinnon 's lawyers that extraditing him would be an abuse of proceedings .
US authorities had threatened him with a long jail sentence if he did not plead guilty , they said .
If the case was treated as terrorism it could result in a sentence of up to 60 years in a maximum security prison , should he be found guilty on all six indictments .
With co-operation , he would receive a lesser sentence of 37 to 46 months and be repatriated to the UK , where he could be released on parole and charges of " significantly damaging national security " would be dropped .
A Home Office spokesman said Mr McKinnon would have 14 days in which to seek appeal at the European Court of Human Rights .
If a hearing is granted , Mr McKinnon 's extradition would be halted until the European verdict .
" If refused , arrangements for surrender to the USA will be put in hand , " she added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala appears to approve of the group 's campaign .
Insurance industry forming activist army
Ahead of the approaching health care reform storm , the insurance industry is building an ark : a nationwide education campaign aimed at raising an activist army at least 100,000 strong .
The unprecedented effort by America ’s Health Insurance Plans , called the Campaign for an American Solution , includes a nationwide listening tour , advertising and an intense recruitment effort aimed at signing up Americans who are satisfied with their private insurance coverage .
AHIP President and CEO Karen Ignagni plans to launch the campaign Tuesday by hosting a discussion among a group of uninsured people in Columbus , Ohio .
Advertisement
“ On an issue as big and far - reaching as health care reform , you need to be working with real people and you need to have a reach outside the Beltway , ” AHIP spokesman Michael Tuffin told Politico in an interview outlining the industry ’s strategy .
“ The issue is n’t going to be settled just by lobbyists in Washington .
The American people are going to have their say . ”
The massive outreach is AHIP ’s attempt to drive debate in a political climate that has had the industry on the defensive since Democrats took control of Congress last year .
Democrats have been critical of insurance company practices such as denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions .
And just this week , Congress cut billions of dollars from industry - administered Medicare plans to better fund doctors who treat traditional Medicare patients .
When President Bush sided with the industry and vetoed the cuts — a veto that Congress promptly overturned — insurers won few new friends .
“ There will be a mix of cynicism and hope in reaction to [ the industry ’s campaign ] .
To a large degree , the onus will be on the health plans to be a constructive force .
I think they get this , but the proof will be in the pudding , ” said Chris Jennings , a Democratic health care strategist .
The let ’s - all - play - together approach is a marked departure from the Dr. No persona that helped insurers kill President Bill Clinton ’s health care reform plan nearly 15 years ago , even after insurers and the administration had initially struck a collaborative stance .
This time , though , the industry ’s collaborative attitude is more than a nod to political realities ; it ’s also an acknowledgement that spiraling costs are threatening its business models .
Universal coverage could increase the market and lower costs , which might make reform smart politics and good business .
Often viewed in Washington as a faceless , profit - driven industry , health insurers hope that hitting the road and starting a fan club will help lawmakers better understand the value of their products .
To spread the AHIP gospel and sign up true believers , the group has planned dozens of unscripted roundtables in cities from Albuquerque , N.M. , and Denver to Boston and New York .
The discussions will include union members , working families , faith and community leaders , and small - business owners and employees .
The roundtables are an opportunity for the industry to hear feedback on its ideas , Tuffin said .
Group officials have been quietly briefing health care leaders about the coming campaign , including former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala , who gave it a positive review .
The industry ’s efforts and others are crucial , she said , to push health care reform to the forefront of the presidential debate so that it becomes a top priority for the next administration .
“ Look , [ insurers ] already have considerable clout .
They do n’t actually need to do this .
I think they believe that they ’re going to learn something by doing this , ” Shalala said .
“ They want to get a feel for how the public is feeling out there . ”
Field staffers will organize volunteers and work with local leaders in up to 20 states .
To run the grass - roots activity , AHIP hired Beth Leonard , who was John Edwards ’ state director in New Hampshire during his recent presidential campaign .
The effort also boasts e-mail and snail mail outreach , as well as print , radio and television advertising .
The first print ads will hit papers inside the Beltway next week .
Online messaging , including Web advertising and blog outreach , will be a permanent feature once nwww.americanhealthsolution.org launches .
The group would not disclose the costs of its efforts , but Tuffin said it ’s the most expensive campaign the industry has launched in the past decade , with “ unprecedented ” spending on grass roots and outreach .
“ We ’re going to spend the resources necessary to make sure that we hear the American people and the American people hear us , ” Tuffin said .
By giving voice to the customers who benefit from their products , the campaign completes an employer - insurer - consumer lobbying trifecta that has been taking shape inside the Beltway .
“ What you ’re seeing is the alignment of the key constituencies for building and strengthening the employer - based system , ” said Republican health care strategist Phil Blando .
The insurance industry ’s outreach builds on a policy foundation that AHIP has been laying for almost two years .
Just days after the 2006 elections and facing a difficult political environment , the group released a plan to cover the nation ’s 47 million uninsured .
Since then , the group has released proposals to reduce health care costs and increase quality and safety .
The group is pushing for universal coverage through strengthened private / public partnership .
The industry wants to expand access to Medicaid and the state Children ’s Health Insurance Program ; provide tax credits to parents covering their children with private insurance ; and create more portable and flexible tax - free health savings accounts , Tuffin said .
If states were to provide coverage for those too expensive to insure , he said , the industry would be willing to offer guaranteed coverage to everyone else and allow consumers to appeal denied coverage to an independent review board .
Is there a supermassive black hole at the center our galaxy , asks Mark Reid from the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge .
There sure is and Reid gives a good account of the evidence to prove it .
How can astronomers be so sure ?
The first evidence began to emerge in the 1950s when the first radio telescopes spotted a mysterious source of radio waves from the center of the Milky Way in the constellation of Sagittarius .
This source was given the name Sagittarius A .
Better observations in the 1970s led to estimations that this source was small , less than the size of our solar system .
Towards the end of the 70s other evidence emerged .
The movement of gas clouds near Sagittarius A indicated they it must circling a a compact mass several million times greater than the Sun .
Then various stars were observed circling this mass , the most recent being a star called S2 which orbits Sagittarius A every 15.8 years .
This implies that Sagittarius A is a point mass some 6 million times the sun ’s mass
Then astronomers proved that the radio source and the gravitational mass were centred at the same point .
Other evidence of a weak infrared source at the same point also turned up .
And the clincher was that Sagittarius A is motionless relative to the rest of the Milky Way .
In other words , the entire galaxy revolves around this object .
That kind of evidence is overwhelming .
It ’s hard to think of anything with such a dim optical signature that could create such a high mass density ( although there are some possibilities , the most obvious being a cluster of dark stars ) .
Nevertheless , most astronomers are convinced we ’ve got a super massive black hole on our doorstep and it ’ll take some spectacular contradictory evidence to change their minds .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0808.2624 : Is There a Supermassive Black Hole at the Center our Galaxy
Decades after the surgeon general first warned that cigarettes were a health hazard , the House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved legislation on Wednesday that would for the first time give the Food and Drug Administration the power to regulate tobacco products .
Citing the long history of warnings about the dangers of smoking , Representative John D. Dingell , chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , said that it was hard to believe that the federal government had not yet regulated the tobacco industry .
“ With this legislation , we change this , ” said Mr. Dingell , a Michigan Democrat .
The White House has signaled its opposition to the bill .
And while the legislation has strong support in the Senate , which could take up the measure this fall , it is not clear whether the bill has a veto - proof majority there .
The show of support in the House , which passed the bill by a vote of 326 to 102 , illustrated not only the strength of antismoking sentiment in the country but the benefit of enlisting a powerful ally .
The legislation was partly the result of negotiations with Philip Morris USA , the nation ’s largest cigarette company , which split with other companies by endorsing it .
Your browser does not support frames .
Continue to https://www.website.ws/wc_landing.dhtml?domain=matls.ws.
John McCain really is running Bush ’s 2004 campaign all over again .
The politics of fear are front and center .
Terror attacks are considered political advantages .
Via Think Progress :
Asked if another terrorist attack on U.S. soil would help McCain as well , Black told Fortune that it would be “ a big advantage to him “ :
The assassination of Benazir Bhutto in December was an “ unfortunate event , ” says Black .
“ But his knowledge and ability to talk about it reemphasized that this is the guy who ’s ready to be Commander - in - Chief .
And it helped us . ”
As would , Black concedes with startling candor after we raise the issue , another terrorist attack on U.S. soil .
“ Certainly it would be a big advantage to him , ” says Black .
Another 3,000 dead Americans would be a “ big advantage ” ?
That ’s actually pretty sick .
Now , maybe if Bush captured the terrorists who attacked the U.S. instead of launching a war in Iraq , this would n’t be a factor .
But it is .
This comment really does show how the Republicans think .
Their political gain comes before the safety of Americans .
No , it comes at the expense of Americans .
John McCain ’s own top campaign adviser sees terrorist attacks as good things to take advantage of .
PHOENIX ( Reuters ) - U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday called Russia ’s actions in Georgia an “ unjustified assault ” and pledged to ensure the small U.S. ally ’s territorial integrity .
“ We will work with our allies to ensure Georgia ’s territorial integrity as a free and independent nation , ” Cheney told a meeting of armed forces veterans in Phoenix .
He made the remarks after Russia recognized two rebel regions of Georgia as independent states on Tuesday , driving up tension in the volatile Caucasus and worsening already strained relations between Moscow and the West .
President George W. Bush has condemned Moscow ’s recognition of the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as an action that “ only exacerbates tensions and complicates diplomatic negotiations . ”
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said the United States , Europe and their allies will make the case to Russia that its decision was “ very short - sighted . ”
He told reporters travelling with Bush to Washington from Texas that Russia knows where the United States stands .
“ I think Russia has gotten the message , ” Fratto said .
Bush , who spoke with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili on Tuesday night , will receive an update on the conflict from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Wednesday evening , Fratto said .
Bush is sending Cheney to Tbilisi next week .
“ The Georgian people won their freedom after years of tyranny and they can count on the friendship of the United States , ” Cheney said .
“ That young democracy has been subjected to an unjustified assault . ”
The conflict in Georgia erupted when Tbilisi sent troops this month into the breakaway pro-Moscow province of South Ossetia , which threw off Georgian rule in the 1990s .
Russia responded with a huge counter - attack that overwhelmed Georgian forces .
Russian troops entered South Ossetia and second separatist area of Abkhazia , and then moved into Georgia proper , drawing heavy criticism from the West that Moscow had gone too far .
Here is something neat that I hacked together – a `top ' like Python program called Hacker Top that allows you to follow Hacker News from a UNIX terminal !
Hacker News has become the 2nd source for news after programming .
reddit for me .
I have a couple of ideas for a startup myself and the tips I get from Hacker News are priceless .
If you have never heard of Hacker News , I suggest you visit the site ( http://news.ycombinator.com/).
It 's a Digg / Reddit like social news site for startup founders and hackers created by Paul Graham .
This program works ideally for me .
I spend lots of hours hacking away at my shell and all I have to do is switch the terminals to the one running the Hacker Top program to get the latest stories !
Here is a screenshot of the program running :
Try the ' m ' keyboard shortcut to change display modes !
Download
Download link : hacker - top.tgz
How to run the program ?
1 ) Make sure you are running a Unix type operating system .
2 ) Make sure you have Python installed .
Any recent version will do .
3 ) Download and unpack the hacker top program archive .
$ wget ' https://catonmat.net/ftp/hacker-top.tgz'
$ tar - xvzf hacker - top.
tgz
4 ) Change to ' hacker - top ' directory which was created by unpacking the archive .
$ cd hacker - top
5 ) Give the ' hacker_top.py ' program execute permissions .
$ chmod u+x hacker_top.py
6 ) Run the hacker_top.py program .
$ ./hacker_top.py
( If that does not work out , try running ' python ./hacker_top.py ' )
Also make sure your terminal is at least 80 columns wide , otherwise the program wo n't be able to display the results nicely .
Command Line Options
If you run the program with ' - - help ' argument , it will display the possible command line options :
Usage : ./hacker_top.py [ - h| - - help ] - displays this Usage : ./hacker_top.py [ - i|-- interval interval ] [ - u|--utf8 < on|off > ] [ - n|-- new ]
As the help message suggests , the three main options are :
-i or -- interval , which specifies refresh interval .
The default refresh interval is 3 minutes .
Here are a few examples : 10s ( 10 seconds ) , 12 m ( 12 minutes ) , 2h ( 2 hours ) .
or , which specifies refresh interval .
The default refresh interval is 3 minutes .
Here are a few examples : 10s ( 10 seconds ) , 12 m ( 12 minutes ) , 2h ( 2 hours ) .
-u or -- utf8 , turns on utf8 output mode .
Default : off .
Use this if you know for sure that your terminal supports it , otherwise you might get gibberish .
or , turns on utf8 output mode .
Default : off .
Use this if you know for sure that your terminal supports it , otherwise you might get gibberish .
-n or -- new , which follows only the newest hacker stories .
Default : follow front page stories .
Keyboard Shortcuts
There are several keyboard shortcuts which you should know about when using the Hacker Top program :
q - quits the program .
- quits the program .
u - forces an update of the news .
- forces an update of the news .
up arrow / down arrow ( or alternatively j / k keys ) - scrolls the news list up or down .
/ ( or alternatively / keys ) - scrolls the news list up or down .
m - changes the display mode .
There are 5 different display modes for your taste .
Download Hacker Top Program
When George Boyd arrived the other day at the East Village apartment building where he has lived since 1978 , he found his neighbor Alistair Economakis , who at 37 is half his age , politely holding the door open .
Mr. Boyd , a retired telephone worker , nodded and walked through , but there was no exchange of pleasantries , no neighborly chitchat .
Yet this encounter was the most face - to - face communication the two men had had in months .
Mr. Boyd and Mr. Economakis live in a building at war , a century - old five - story tenement torn by the peculiarities of New York real estate .
Mr. Economakis is the landlord , and since 2003 has been trying to convert the building ’s 15 rent - stabilized apartments into an 11,000 - square - foot home for himself , his wife , their two children and a British bulldog named Leo.
Mr. Boyd is one of nine remaining tenants , who pay $ 675 to $ 1,200 per month for one - bedroom apartments ; his is on the third floor , sandwiched between spaces that the Economakis family currently occupies .
In a way , each faction is living a version of the New York real estate dream .
Anyone might envy the Economakises , who work at a family - owned apartment - management company and lucked into buying the building for $ 1.3 million  what some one - bedroom condos in the area cost today .
They have both the cash and the connections to create a sprawling showpiece .
But there are also countless New Yorkers who would sacrifice their firstborns ( or at least a beloved pet ) for a charming if cramped perch like Mr. Boyd ’s in a coveted neighborhood where comparable spaces command twice or three times as much .
But these dreams have turned into a five - year nightmare including three court rulings , the most recent from the State Court of Appeals this month ; countless letters written by lawyers ; dueling Web sites ; and dozens of skirmishes over the use of air - conditioners and the positioning of flowerpots .
The Economakises reached financial settlements with six of the original occupants , turning those units into a three - story space for themselves and a duplex for guests .
Now that the Court of Appeals has sent the case back to housing court , lawyers estimate a resolution could still be two years away .
OMG !
LOL .
TTYL .
For many adults over the age of 30 , the former groupings of letters would seem incoherent , but for a newer generation of technologically - savvy young adults it can say a lot .
" Instant messaging , or IM , is not just bad grammar or a bunch of mistakes , " says Dr. Pamela Takayoshi , Kent State University associate professor of English .
" IM is a separate language form from formal English and has a common set of language features and standards . "
Takayoshi , Kent State associate professor of English Dr. Christina Haas and four Kent State undergraduate researchers examined the language of instant messaging .
Using IM conversations produced by college students , the group analyzed and identified nonstandard features of the IM language , or the places where writers had used language features which varied from Standard Written English .
They found that what looked like nonstandard features of written language were , actually , the standardized features within the IM language .
The language of instant messaging was found to be informal , explicit , playful , both abbreviated and elaborated , and to emphasize meaning over form and social relationships over content .
" When we look at the kinds of technology young people are using today , " says Haas , " we see that many of those technologies -- IM , blogs and Facebook -- are writing technologies .
Even the phone is used for writing now . "
Currently , the Kent State team is extending their analysis of IM to the popular Web site Facebook.com to determine whether the site 's language is similar or different to instant messaging standards .
###
Takayoshi can be reached at 330-672-1777 or ptakayos@kent.edu ;
Haas can be reached at 330-672-9395 or chaas@kent.edu .
DIGG THIS
Ludwig von Mises had a theory about interventionism .
It does n’t accomplish its stated ends .
Instead it distorts the market .
That distortion cries out for a fix .
The fix can consist in pulling back and freeing the market or taking further steps toward intervention .
The State nearly always chooses the latter course , unless forced to do otherwise .
The result is more distortion , leading eventually , by small steps , toward ever more nationalization and its attendant stagnation and bankruptcy .
When you think about the current Fannie Mae -Freddie Mac crisis , you must remember Mises ’s theory of intervention .
Reporters will not , but you must , provided you want to understand what is going on .
President Bush is considering a fateful step in a 60 - year - old problem : the nationalization of these mortgage companies .
He wants to guarantee the $ 5 trillion ( that ’s trillion with a “ t ” ) in debt owned by these companies .
Another option would be to put these monstrosities under “ conservatorship , ” which means that you and I will pay for their losses directly .
Either way , it turns out that there is no magic way to put every American citizen , regardless of financial means or credit history , in a 3,000 square foot home .
Someone , somewhere , sometime has to pay .
No matter what rescue plan they are able to cobble together , that someone is you .
The heck of it is that any option would be devastating to the already - suffering housing market .
The reason this sector was so wildly inflated is that banks knew that Fannie and Freddie were capable of buying any mortgage debt created by the banking industry .
For these companies to be nationalized would effectively end their capacity to do this on a market basis .
That means banks would suddenly have to act responsibly .
Now , you might say , if that ’s true , the real blame is with the individual bankers that had been making irresponsible loans under the condition that these government - sponsored enterprises would absorb them .
But that ’s not right .
Put yourself in the shoes of a banker over the last twenty years .
You have competitors .
You have a bottom line .
If you do n’t extend these loans , you come off as a fool .
Your competition eats your breakfast .
To stay ahead of market trends means that you have to play the game , even though you know it is rigged .
Place the blame not only on the banks , but also on the institutions that are siphoning off their liabilities for irresponsible behavior , and that would be Freddie and Fannie .
And who created these ?
Travel back in time to the New Deal .
Here is an article about the creation of Freddie Mac .
And here is another about Fannie Mae .
They were created by FDR in 1938 to fund mortgages insured by the Federal Home Administration .
They were used by every president as a means to achieve this peculiar American value that every last person must own a home , no matter what .
So they were given the legal permission to purchase private mortgages and make them part of their portfolios .
Still later , under LBJ and Nixon , they became public companies and sold stock .
People called this privatization , but that is n’t quite right .
They had access to a guaranteed line of credit creation with the U.S. Treasury .
They had lower borrowing costs than any private - sector equivalent .
Government - sponsored enterprises are not subject to market discipline like regular private sector companies .
Their securities are listed as government securities , so their risk premiums were not dictated by the free market .
They could leverage themselves at 50- , 75 - , 100 - 1 , pyramiding debt on a tiny foundation of equity .
The financial markets have long believed that the GSEs would be bailed out no matter what .
And so this put them in a completely different position from a company like Enron , which the markets watched closely .
What ’s causing the current panic is that the markets have wised up and started evaluating these institutions by market standards .
Freddie and Fannie have collapsing market prices , and their bonds are carrying ever - higher risk premiums .
In other words , we are not talking about market failure .
If you have a housetop you can shout that from , please do so , because the press and the government are going to make every effort to blame private borrowers and lenders for this calamity .
But the origin of both these outfits is with federal legislation .
They are not market entities .
They have long been guaranteed by you and me .
No , they have not been socialist entities either because they are privately owned .
They occupy a third status for which there is a name : fascism .
Really , that ’s what we are talking about : the inexorable tendency of financial fascism to mutate into full - scale financial socialism and therefore bankruptcy .
Mr. Bush might have prevented this meltdown by curbing the privileges of Freddie and Fannie long ago .
But no , he had another plan , one which was assisted by the Republican think tanks in Washington ( the curious can Google it up ) .
The idea was a new slogan called the “ ownership society . ”
Sounds nice , does n’t it ?
Sounds like free enterprise .
But if you think about it , there is nothing particularly free market about the demand that everyone should own anything in particular .
The idea of free markets is that your rights to own justly are not to be infringed by public or private criminals .
The suggestion that everyone should own some particular thing , by whatever means , can only be funded through financial socialism or mass theft .
The claim on the part of a government that it will create an “ ownership society ” can prove to be highly dangerous .
As for the future , Mises ’s theory that the government will always favor more government seems wholly sound .
Here is John McCain : “ Those institutions , Fannie and Freddie , have been responsible for millions of Americans to be able to own their own homes , and they will not fail , we will not allow them to fail …we will do what ’s necessary to make sure that they continue that function . ”
Not a single Democrat disagrees .
As with the S&L fiasco from years ago , the case of the housing bust followed by the trillions in taxpayer liabilities for the disaster will again be cited as a case of “ the shock doctrine ” and “ disaster capitalism ” in which the elites make fantastic amounts of money at the expense of the little guy .
The critique will be mostly solid but for the one most important point : this kind of fiasco would not happen in a free market .
It happens because government , through credit creation and guarantees , makes it possible .
Look down the road a bit here .
What happens when banks wo n’t lend for houses anymore ?
What will government do then ?
We might as well prepare for a future in which applying for a housing loan will have similar features to getting an SBA loan .
This is where we are headed .
Government intervention is like a vial of mutating poison in the water supply .
We can get by for a long time and no one seems really worse off .
One day we wake up and everyone is desperately ill , and blaming not the poison but the water itself .
So it is with the housing crisis .
Lenders are being blamed for the entire fiasco , and capitalism is going to be subjected to a beating as usual , since Freddie and Fannie are traded in public markets .
But the fact remains that there is only one reason that this went on as long as it did and became as bad as it is .
It was that vial of government poison .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Continuing on in our series we will now talk about abandonment and terminating the physician - patient relationship .
We ’ve previously talked about the contract and consent .
Then we moved on to medical malpractice and causation .
Finally we discussed informed consent .
Now we move on to abandonment .
Abandonment is the concept whereby a physician terminates the physician - patient relationship without reasonable notice at a time when the patient still has need of medical attention .
This typically is prevented by giving the patient adequate time to find a replacement physician , planning for adequate post - procedure follow up , and giving the patient adequate instruction for care when the patient is not in the presence of the physician .
Abandonment typically only comes up when a physician is treating an undesirable patient or a patient that he or she simply no longer wishes to take care of .
This may be for financial reasons or simply because the patient has disease that is too complicated for the physician to take care of .
It may also occur because the patient is not adherent to the doctor ’s recommendations and thus the doctor notifies the patient that he plans on terminating the relationship if the patient will not follow instructions .
Most often , the physician will write a formal letter to the patient so there is record of the severance .
The main concept is that there must be a chain of continuous medical care that cannot be broken .
If a doctor prematurely discharges a patient or discharges a patient from the hospital without adequate follow up instructions he could be found to have abandoned the patient .
If the doctor notifies a patient that he is closing his practice or moving to another location , he must allow adequate time for the patient to find another doctor .
He may even refer all of his patients to another doctor to prevent any claims of abandonment .
When a patient is abandoned , lawyers typically only get involved if there were damages caused by the abandonment .
However , if the physician shows that good faith efforts were made to treat the patient and the patient was simply lost to follow up , he is not liable .
I will address the ethics of severing the physician - patient relationship in another article .
Obama : ' Never '
In another local negative spot -- this one running only in Atlanta , per the AJC -- Obama airs an ad linking McCain and Ralph Reed , and suggesting McCain deliberately let him off the hook in his Indian Affairs Committee investigation of Jack Abramoff 's Indian lobbying .
Despite the ad's implication , that investigation was reviled by the GOP lobbying establishment .
Do n't Fear The Poly - Headed Polyglot Monster The Questions
Daniel Spiewak asks , " how do you apply polyglotism ? "
Daniel mentions Google , " one of the most open - minded and developer friendly companies around , " and points out that they have a strict limit in languages to use : Python , Java , C++ , and JavaScript .
He also says ,
To my knowledge , this sort of policy is fairly common in the industry .
Companies ( particularly those employing consultants ) seem to prefer to keep the technologies employed to a minimum , focusing on the least - common denominator so as to reduce the requirements for incoming developer skill sets .
We 're afraid of being eaten by the poly - headed polyglot monster .
Google avoids it by sticking to a limited set of languages .
I do n't work at Google , so I can't claim to know what their architecture looks like in terms of blending languages within applications .
But the act of limiting languages does not in itself preclude polyglot programming .
Choosing to limit yourself to one language , or one language per application , would do so .
Likewise , choosing C# and Java as your languages would probably nullify most of the benefits .
But the point is , just because you allow or encourage polyglot programming does not mean you let everyone choose whatever language suits them and then throw it all together in a melting pot , praying that everything works well together .
You can have a method to sort out the madness .
In any case , what 's going on with polyglotism , and how do we implement it ?
What 's going on
Back in 2002 , Bertrand Meyer explained Let 's start with the impolite question :
Should one really care about multilanguage support ?
When this feature was announced at .
NET 's July 2000 debut , Microsoft 's competitors sneered that it was n't anything anyone needed .
I 've heard multilanguage development dismissed , or at least questioned , on the argument that most projects simply choose one language and stay with it .
But that argument does n't really address the issue .
For one thing , it sounds too much like asserting , from personal observation , that people in Singapore do n't like skiing .
Lack of opportunity does n't imply lack of desire or need .
Before .NET , the effort required to interface modules from multiple languages was enough to make many people stick to just one ; but , with an easy way to combine languages seamlessly and effortlessly , they may -- as early experience with .NET suggests -- start to appreciate their newfound freedom to mix and match languages .
Even then , the web was all about polygot programming : we see ActionScript , JavaScript , XML , SQL , and #{favorite_application_server_ language} already .
Fast forward to the end of 2006 , when Neal Ford was " beginning to see a time where even the core language ( the one that gets translated to byte code ) will cease its monoculture . "
And he sees it as more than the web 's polyglot nature : Applications of the future will take advantage of the polyglot nature of the language world .
We have 2 primary platforms for " enterprise " development : .NET and Java .
There are now lots of languages that target those platforms .
We should embrace this idea .
While it will make some chores more difficult ( like debugging ) , it makes others trivially easy ( or at least easier ) .
It 's all about choosing the right tool for the job and leveraging it correctly .
Pervasive testing helps the debugging problem ( adamant test - driven development folks spend much less time in the debugger ) .
SQL , Ajax , and XML are just the beginning .
Increasingly , as I 've written before , we 're going to start adding domain specific languages .
The times of writing an application in a single general purpose language is over .
Polyglot programming is a subject I 'm going to speak about a lot next year .
Since Meyer 's article , we have indeed seen an explosion of languages running on both " enterprise " platforms .
Interest seems to have really grown recently .
Because of that , it 's getting easier to integrate languages .
But as Neal Ford noted , we 're still in the beginning ( if you believe that paradigm is going to take hold ) .
How We Might Implement It
Like Neal Ford , Ola Bini seems to think polyglot programming is more than just the different technologies involved in a web application .
He talks about how polyglotism might be implemented in layers within an application :
The first layer is what I called the stable layer .
It 's not a very large part of the application in terms of functionality .
But it 's the part that everything else builds on top off , and is as such a very important part of it .
This layer is the layer where static type safety will really help .
...
The second layer is the dynamic layer .
This is where maybe half the application code resides .
The language types here are predominantly dynamic , strongly typed languages running on the JVM , like JRuby , Rhino and Jython .
...
The third layer is the domain layer .
It should be implemented in DSL's , one or many depending on the needs of the system .
In most cases it 's probably enough to implement it as an internal DSL within the dynamic layer , and in those cases the second and third layer are not as easily distinguishable .
But in some cases it 's warranted to have an external DSL that can be interacted with .
A typical example might be something like a rules engine ( like Drools ) .
Let 's talk briefly about a web application , as I envision it using Ola 's layers as a guide :
In the stable layer , you might be talking about a banking application where transactions are performed in Java .
You might have some tool set that performs important calculations , and which other applications depend on .
It might be the parts of the application that really need to perform well .
In the dynamic layer , you might have code that integrates the static and domain layers .
You might have code which glues together other stuff , or things which do n't really turn into bottlenecks for the application , which are n't necessarily part of the application domain , but which do n't require the ceremony of the stable layer .
You 're choosing to use a dynamic scripting language to increase productivity .
You might define the DSL abstractions here , and use them in the DSL / domain layer .
In the domain layer is where you 'll see the meat of your application code - it 's where all your business object abstractions will reside , and they will in turn depend on the other two layers .
It should consist entirely of code that uses business language .
Ola may have meant something else entirely , or just slightly different , but that 's the way I 've come to see it .
The concept is still new , so there 's nothing saying that vision of a " best practice " design will win out over ad hoc solutions that throw modules written in different languages together to form an application .
As far as low - level implementation specifics go , Ola Bini shared how he integrated Erlang and JRuby .
Sean Corfield showed PHP and Ruby running within ColdFusion .
Charlie Nutter has in - line Java for JRuby and of course there 's in - line C/C++ for Ruby from Ryan Davis .
Of course , most languages running on the JVM and / or .NET are fairly trivial to integrate with the libraries available to those platforms .
How I 'm Using Polyglot Programming
How am I using polyglot programming in my day - to - day programming ?
Aside from the JavaScript / AppLanguage / SQL web paradigm , there are a couple of ways I 'm doing it .
In one of my jobs , we do a lot of work with Sharepoint .
In fact , the bulk of the applications are built in Sharepoint : to manage documents , content , data and get all the integration with other Office products .
However , Sharepoint is a beast .
Often , doing something that would be trivial on another platform is an arduous task in Sharepoint .
So we have to drop out of it .
In some cases , when we 've needed the feature to reside within Sharepoint itself , we 've opted to use C# within ASP .
NET to create Sharepoint Web Parts .
For the next one of these I come up against , I intend to look at using IronRuby and deriving from the appropriate parent classes .
In other cases , we 're building stand - alone " sub-applications " that integrate with Sharepoint and Active Directory .
For these , we have some utility classes written in C# , while the " sub- application " is built in Ruby on Rails .
Soon , we 'll be looking at running them on IronRuby , and taking further advantage of the .NET platform .
In my job with the bioinformatics lab at the University of Houston , things are a bit different .
I 'm building command line applications .
After a machine takes photos of your DNA sample , there is an genome analysis pipeline from Illumina that analyzes the images , produces nucleotide sequences , and tries to align them to a reference sequence .
That utilizes Perl , Python , and C / C++ , though I do n't know to what extent a in which " layers " each language does its job .
On my end , I 'm using C++ to do the heavy lifting in analysis in proprietary libraries we 've been producing to do our own analysis and post - analysis .
When you 're dealing with genome - size data sets , from 5 mega - to 3 giga - bases , even constant reductions in run-time can mean the difference of days of computation in algorithms with above - linear time complexity .
But I 'm also building scripts in Ruby that help piece it all together , and doing some analysis with it for linear - time algorithms .
It 's very ad hoc , in this instance .
Finally , my game development group plans to use C/ C++ to forge our engine , while using a scripting language (s ) to fill out the game details .
As I understand it , much of the game industry already employs polyglot programming in this manner .
So that 's how I 'm doing it at the moment .
In 2008 , the polyglot programming paradigm is still ( at least in my opinion ) , a relatively novel concept .
There are n't a lot of resources to show us how to do it the right way .
As time moves forward and people publish their experiences , that should be expected to change .
On that note , do you have any stories about how you 've done it , or any ideas on how you would if you were going to do it ?
Please feel free to share them - you'd be doing us all a favor .
Hey !
Why do n't you make your life easier and subscribe to the full post or short blurb RSS feed ?
I 'm so confident you 'll love my smelly pasta plate wisdom that I 'm offering a no- strings - attached , lifetime money back guarantee !
Daniel mentions
Google , " one of the most open - minded and developer friendly companies around , " and points out that they have a strict limit in languages to use : Python , Java , C++ , and JavaScript .
He also says , We 're afraid of being eaten by the poly - headed polyglot monster .
Google avoids it by sticking to a limited set of languages .
I do n't work at Google , so I can't claim to know what their architecture looks like in terms of blending languages within applications .
But the act of limiting languages does not in itself preclude polyglot programming .
Choosing to limit yourself to one language , or one language per application , would do so .
Likewise , choosing C# and Java as your languages would probably nullify most of the benefits .
But the point is , just because you allow or encourage polyglot programming does not mean you let everyone choose whatever language suits them and then throw it all together in a melting pot , praying that everything works well together .
You can have a method to sort out the madness .
In any case , what 's going on with polyglotism , and how do we implement it ?
Back in 2002 , Bertrand Meyer explained why the pursuit of polyglot programming is worthwhile , even though no one was using it Even then , the web was all about polygot programming : we see ActionScript , JavaScript , XML , SQL , and #{favorite_application_server_ Comments
Leave a comment
There are no comments for this entry yet .
Leave a comment
Leave this field empty Your Name
Email ( not displayed , more info ?
Privacy Information x
Your email address is not displayed .
It is used only to respond to you if needed , and send comments if you subscribe to this comment thread .
It is stored in a cookie if you choose to " Remember my details " .
Your email address is not displayed .
It is used only to respond to you if needed , and send comments if you subscribe to this comment thread .
It is stored in a cookie if you choose to " Remember my details " .
Website
Comment :
Subcribe to this comment thread
Remember my details
There are no comments for this entry yet .
Skip to comments .
McClellan Must Testify Under Oath Before House Judiciary
Wexler.house.gov ^ | 5/28/08 | Congressman Robert Wexler
Posted on by Typical_Whitey
Former White House Aide 's Revelations Make Out Case for Obstruction of Justice by Rove and Libby in Valerie Plame Case
( Washington , DC ) Today Congressman Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) called for former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan to appear before the House Judiciary Committee to testify under oath regarding the devastating revelations made in his new book on the Bush Administrations deliberate efforts to mislead the American people into the Iraq War .
 The admissions made by Scott McClellan in his new book are earth - shattering and allege facts to establish that Karl Rove and Scooter Libby  and possibly Vice President Cheney - conspired to obstruct justice by lying about their role in the Plame Wilson matter and that the Bush Administration deliberately lied to the American people in order to take us to war in Iraq .
Scott McClellan must now appear before the House Judiciary Committee under oath to tell Congress and the American people how President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney , Karl Rove , Scooter Libby , and White House officials deliberately orchestrated a massive propaganda campaign to sell the war in Iraq to the American people . 
 The allegations by this former top White House aide  that Rove and Libby deliberately coordinated their stories in order to obstruct justice in the Plame case , that the President deliberately disregarded contradictory evidence related to Iraq , should outrage every American and Congress must respond by initiating immediate aggressive oversight starting with an appearance by McClellan before the House Judiciary Committee .
Any continued obstruction by this Administration to prevent White House officials from appearing before Congress cannot be tolerated by this Congress in the face of these shocking revelations . 
Congressman Wexler has led a nationwide campaign in favor of holding impeachment hearings for Vice - President Dick Cheney .
Congressman Wexler is Chairman of the Europe Subcommittee and a senior member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and the House Judiciary Committee .
TOPICS :
News / Current Events
Politics / Elections
KEYWORDS :
110th
bush
congress
desperatedems
mcclellan
plame
scottmcclellan
wexler
The Democrats beat the drum of impeachment ... I say lets have it out ... lets get it all out full on lets see who lied to whom ...
I think Joe and Valerie will be in prison before its over .
To : Typical_Whitey
The Democrats beat the drum of impeachment ...
Have they not heard ?
Bush is not running again !
To : Typical_Whitey
Wexler ... Har Har ...
He ’s always been a lame dumbass ...
To : Typical_Whitey
This could n’t have happened to a nicer guy .
Scott deserves this .
May all his royalties from book sales go to attorneys to keep his own behind out of jail .
To : Typical_Whitey
Having McClellan testify would be actually a lot of fun .
The traitor McClellan will be exposed as the bumbling , lying fraud he is and the Dem ’s will be embarrassed that they got nothing out of this but a dog and pony show .
by 5 posted onby SolidWood ( Refusal to vote for McCain is active support of Obama .
Period . )
To : Typical_Whitey
McClellan is going to spend all his book profits on lawyers .
by 6 posted onby donna ( The United States Constitution and the Koran are mutually exclusive . )
To : Typical_Whitey
This is where we find out who really wrote his book .
That guy ca n’t form a complete sentence .
To : Typical_Whitey
Bobby Wexluh ( ” My son , the congressman ” ) is a little attention whore .
by 8 posted onby clintonh8r ( Leaving the top of my ballot blank . )
To : daviscupper
You have missed the issue in the exercise ... he will be a darling for the Waxmanesque ‘ great witch hunters ’ .
by 9 posted onby MHGinTN ( Believing they cannot be deceived , they cannot be convinced when they are deceived . )
To : daviscupper
Yes , obviously Scott would have to admit he was lying , assuming , and using left - wing parlance to sell books .
To : Typical_Whitey
The fact that two individuals talked is no evidence of OOJ .
In fact , joint defenses are legal as long as no party suborns perjury .
by 11 posted onby Perdogg ( Four years of Carter gave us 29 years of Iran ; What will Hilabama give us ? )
To : Typical_Whitey
GW will not claim Executive Privilege but throw him to Wexlerâs wolves .
Scott ca n’t back up his claims in the book .
He is toast .
The traitor NEVER thought this would occur .
Pay back is a bitch Scotty .
Live long and lonely .
No one will stand with you now .
by 12 posted onby jrooney ( Obama 's mentor says God Da*n America .
That explains Obama 's refusal to put his hand over his heart . )
To : SolidWood
'... the Dems will be embarrassed that they got nothing out of this but a dog and pony show . "
Dem's ?
Embarrassed for staging a dog and pony show ?
Thou dreamest ...
by 13 posted onby GourmetDan ( Eccl 10:2 - The heart of the wise inclines to the right , but the heart of the fool to the left . )
To : Typical_Whitey
 The admissions made by Scott McClellan ...
There is a big difference between " admissions " and " accusations " and Scotty admits nothing !... only accuses .
To : All
In case you missed it , Rove has already debunked this little bit of paranoia .
He met with Libby routinely as part of his job , it was not a secret and only suspicious if you were totally out of the loop and a total moron .
Which Scott ‘ deer in the headlights ’
McClellan was and is .
To : Typical_Whitey
The essence of it all is to make lots of noise which drives the leftists orgasmic , but do nothing substantial and claim the Pubbies are obstructing the case !
Democrat voters cannot see the scam before their eyes so they keep voting scum like Henry Waxcrap and Robert Axer back into office .
by 16 posted onby MHGinTN ( Believing they cannot be deceived , they cannot be convinced when they are deceived . )
To : Typical_Whitey
I remember when people used to seriously contend that Democrats could n’t possibly be McCarthyists , because McCarthy was a Republican .
To : lonestar
I notice that the DBM is going crazy over this book .
They hardly said a word about the books by the FBI agent in the Clinton Whitehouse , or the book by the Colonel who carried the " football . "
Conveniently , I do n't remember them saying anything about " Unfit For Command . "
To : Typical_Whitey
“ I ’m shocked I tell ya , shocked ” I just accidently happened to catch the NBC tease for the evening news and they are leading with this ......... I ’m just shocked !
s/off
To : jrooney
This is all a set up .
They are not going to be ‘ hard ’ on McClellan .
Most of them will lob him soft balls in order to ‘ set - up ’ impeachment hearings .
Here is a look at the clowns on that committee : http://judiciary.house.gov/CommitteeMembership.aspx
by 20 posted onby penelopesire ( " The only CHANGE you will get with the Democrats is the CHANGE left in your pocket " )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
WASHINGTON - NASA 's 50th anniversary celebration continues this summer with special recognition at EAA AirVenture 2008 , the United States ' biggest annual air show , held in Oshkosh , Wis. , July 28 - Aug. 3 .
One of the Experimental Aircraft Association activities commemorating five decades of NASA 's aerospace achievements will be an appearance by NASA Administrator Michael Griffin .
" I 'm looking forward to being part of the world of flight that comes together each year at Oshkosh , " said Griffin .
" EAA has long been a supporter of NASA , as we have a shared passion for innovation and flight . "
Griffin 's passion for flight is not just job - related .
He 's a pilot , who holds a flight instructor certificate with instrument and multiengine ratings , and the co-owner of a small aircraft .
Griffin is scheduled to speak on Tuesday , July 29 , at 11:30 a.m. CDT , in Forum Pavilion 6 on the grounds of Wittman Regional Airport , in Oshkosh .
Visitors to EAA AirVenture also will be able to hear from other current and former NASA employees in a number of locations during the seven - day event .
NASA will have a special anniversary display in the EAA AirVenture Museum and a traveling exhibit parked near Exhibits Hangar " E . "
" NASA is proud to be able to display unique artifacts depicting the history of NASA and U.S. spaceflight in the EAA AirVenture Museum , " said Jim Hull , NASA exhibit and artifact manager at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" We will not only have objects from the space program , but also from NASA aeronautics research that visitors can enjoy . "
Some of the artifacts include gloves from the Apollo era , space shuttle tiles and tires , a launch entry suit and a Mars rover model .
Visitors to the museum also can view models of the next - generation space vehicles , the ARES rockets and Orion capsule , which are being developed to return humans to the moon .
Also on display will be an exhibit about NASA wind tunnels and wind tunnel research .
A traveling display , called " Journey to Tomorrow , " includes interactive computer kiosks that feature NASA highlights .
Examples include " Celebrating 100 Years of Flight , " which is about NASA 's contributions to the first century of powered flight ; " Brain Bites , " which answers common questions about air and space travel ; and a lunar landing simulator .
Additional workstations include a planetary gravity demonstrator and a solar system scale where visitors discover how much they would weigh on each of the planets .
NASA 's 50th anniversary also is being honored at other venues at AirVenture , including EAA 's Theater in the Woods .
Former astronaut Robert " Hoot " Gibson is planning to host a NASA birthday celebration Wednesday evening , July 30 , and former astronaut Joe Engle and retired test pilot Fitz Fulton are scheduled to pay tribute to 50 years of NASA aeronautics Saturday night , Aug. 2 .
For more information about NASA 's 50th anniversary , visit :
For more information about NASA projects , go to :
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
FIRST it was tight jeans and hot spas , but now research suggests soy - based products may reduce a man 's sperm count .
A study that monitored the soy consumption of 99 men has found those who consumed more than two portions of soy - based foods a week had , on average , 41 million fewer sperm per millilitre of semen than men who had never eaten soy food .
The apparent fall in sperm count is unlikely to make healthy men infertile , but some experts said it could have a significant impact on those already with lower than average sperm counts .
A sperm count of 80 million to 120 million per millilitre is regarded as normal , while men who produce fewer than 20 million sperm per millilitre are regarded as clinically subfertile .
As a cheap source of protein , soy - based products have risen steadily in western diet popularity since the 1940s and are now included in many products , including biscuits , sweets , pasta and bread .
The study , by Dr Jorge Chavarro at Harvard school of public health in Boston , builds on research in animals and on human tissues that has suggested certain ingredients in soy could harm sperm production .
In the biggest human study into the effects of soy on fertility , Dr Chavarro and colleagues at Massachusetts General Hospital recruited 99 men who had visited a fertility clinic between 2000 and 2006 .
They were asked to fill out a survey which asked them about the amounts of 15 different soy foods they had eaten over the previous three months .
The researchers then divided the men into four groups according to the levels of chemicals called isoflavones in their diets .
( Isoflavones are ingredients in soy products that mimic the female sex hormone , oestrogen . )
Each man then provided a sperm sample for testing .
Dr Chavarro found that men who consumed at least half a portion of soy food a day had the lowest sperm count .
" Our findings suggest that the greater the soy food intake , the lower the sperm concentration , compared with men who never consume soy food , " said Dr Chavarro , whose study appears in the journal Human Reproduction .
Tasnim Shamma is a reporter for The Daily Princetonian , the independent student newspaper at Princeton University .
This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student - generated content .
UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com .
Visit UWIRE.com to learn more .
( UWIRE ) -- Princeton University 's policy of not allowing its officers to carry guns on campus does n't hurt the officers ' ability to do their jobs , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ruled .
OSHA closed the case on June 24 after ruling that Princeton did not violate OSHA regulations .
OSHA closed the case on June 24 after ruling on June 20 that Princeton had complied with OSHA regulations .
The complaint , filed by Public Safety Fraternal Orders of Police 's president and patrolman James Lanzi , alleged that the policy of not allowing Public Safety officers to carry guns was an occupational hazard .
Lanzi has been publicly pushing for the institution to arm trained Public Safety officers since early 2008 .
" It 's a safety - and - health issue , a matter of our ability to respond to something -- that 's the basis for the complaint , " Lanzi told the Times of Trenton earlier this week .
An informal complaint
The complaint was treated informally because Princeton did not meet the criteria for the on - site inspections conducted for formal complaints , OSHA spokeswoman Leni Uddyback - Fortson said .
These criteria include the existence of a likely or imminent danger and previous OSHA citations , according to OSHA 's web site .
" Basically , the complaint itself alleged that the University was not providing its 22 police officers with the necessary tools that would allow them to do their job safely , " Uddyback - Fortson said .
OSHA treated the action as an informal complaint , allowing the school five days to respond in writing whether the allegation was valid or invalid , she said .
OSHA found the university did provide the training and the personal protective equipment that was required by OSHA standards .
Do n't Miss UWIRE : Student faces felony for vote auction
UWIRE : Student faces felony for vote auction UWIRE : Campus safety
UWIRE : Campus safety UWIRE : Iraq in focus
UWIRE : Iraq in focus More about CNNU
Public Safety officers currently carry batons , handcuffs and a substance similar to pepper spray .
They also wear bulletproof vests .
A June 19 letter submitted to OSHA by Princeton noted that " two state courts have considered this identical issue , and both have dismissed the complaints " on the grounds that OSHA has no specific standards for equipping employees with firearms as " personal protective equipment . "
Princeton 's letter was referring to similar complaints filed against the University of Wisconsin and the University of Northern Iowa , both of which were ultimately dismissed by state courts .
Princeton went on to cite a Department of Justice survey stating that , as of 2004 - 05 , only 30 percent of private colleges and universities nationwide with sworn police officers had armed public safety officers .
" For some colleges and universities , the right policy is to arm their public safety officers , but we believe that would not be the right policy for Princeton , at least for now , " Princeton spokeswoman Cass Cliatt said .
Princeton officials have said if an armed on - campus response is necessary the Princeton Borough and Princeton Township police departments will be able to adequately handle the situation .
" When there is a need for an armed officer in a situation that is potentially violent , we work with the Borough or Township to have them respond ; that is one of our unique characteristics with our location between two municipalities , " Cliatt said .
Cliatt said the Princeton believes it is fully compliant with all OSHA regulations and that arming Public Safety officers could harm the relationship between students and officers .
In a March 3 column , however , Lanzi said that Public Safety officers would not be able to adequately respond to an " active shooter situation " on campus , such as the recent tragedies at Northern Illinois University and Virginia Tech .
" Princeton 's security plan eliminates an extremely valuable resource by not properly equipping Princeton University police officers with the necessary tools to protect themselves and the community , " he wrote .
Uddyback - Fortson says the union is not prohibited from filing another complaint .
" There 's nothing that says that they can't file again , " she said .
All About U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration • Princeton University
When it comes to digital security , public Wi-Fi networks are n’t safe enough , making it much easier for hackers to access your personal data .
Whether you are studying in a library or scrolling through Facebook in a coffeehouse , it is vital to have a VPN installed on your device .
VPNs work wonders when it comes to securing your internet connection .
By creating an encrypted tunnel between a remote server run by the VPN service , they protect your personal data from prying eyes .
There is a variety of VPNs available on the web , and we have collated a list of the best VPNs that stand out from the rest .
How to Choose a VPN
Free trial period – Free trials allow you to try the product risk - free .
The same idea technically applies to those with 30 - day full refunds as well .
– Free trials allow you to try the product risk - free .
The same idea technically applies to those with 30 - day full refunds as well .
Speed –
You want your VPN to be just as fast as the internet speed at home .
Good quality VPNs are ones where you see little difference between those speeds .
– You want your VPN to be just as fast as the internet speed at home .
Good quality VPNs are ones where you see little difference between those speeds .
Device connection –
Of course , the more devices that can connect to VPNs , the better .
It increases the customers ’ coverage and the product ’s value .
You also want to consider compatibility since fewer VPNs may work for Mac or Windows only .
– Of course , the more devices that can connect to VPNs , the better .
It increases the customers ’ coverage and the product ’s value .
You also want to consider compatibility since fewer VPNs may work for Mac or Windows only .
Number of servers –
The number of servers determines how much capacity a VPN can handle while you are connected .
The more servers there are , the more users it can handle without running into potential disconnections or slow speeds .
– The number of servers determines how much capacity a VPN can handle while you are connected .
The more servers there are , the more users it can handle without running into potential disconnections or slow speeds .
Kill switch feature – Having this feature means that your IP address is n’t exposed if the VPN disconnects for some reason .
A lack of this feature is a big deal since the whole reason why you ’re paying for a VPN is to hide your IP address , among other things .
( Find out how to avoid getting tracked online here : Big Brother Is Watching You Online : How To Avoid Being Tracked )
Why You Should Trust Us
Our hand - picked VPNs are incredibly efficient and offer such distinctive features that grant you safe browsing .
They outperform many VPNs in terms of both speed and security .
Their primary aim is to provide you the utmost security , thus enabling you to surf the web safely and prevent any potential threat from causing harm .
Among the best VPNs ’ many unique features include split tunneling , strict logging policies , high encryption level , and availability of international servers .
We have gathered them in this article to enlighten our readers and offer the best pieces of advice before you get one .
Therefore , take our word for it , and if you go for a VPN mentioned below , you ’d be fully appeased .
1. NordVPN
The most popular VPN on the market these days is NordVPN , and it ’s easy to see why .
It has widespread coverage , offering a selection of over 5,000 servers spanning across 59 countries .
Due to the high number of servers , its speed is similar to your Wi-Fi at home .
Lifehack ’s CEO , Leon , has been using NordVPN for many years and wants to recommend it for its remarkable server count in different locations with no -logs policy .
The VPN perfectly works with Netflix and Fire TV stick , too .
NordVPN is also compatible with Mac , Windows , and Linux .
You can download the app onto Chrome , Firefox , Android , and Mac OS .
Thanks to its massive coverage , it ’s easy to connect multiple devices onto these servers .
In terms of pricing , while NordVPN does n’t have a free trial period , they argue that their plans are considerably cheaper than those of their competitors .
For example , a one - year plan for ExpressVPN costs $ 8.32 per month , but NordVPN only charges $ 6.99 monthly .
NordVPN has a new protocol called NordLynx that is based on WireGuard with speed benefits , though it ’s still under development .
If you ’re looking for general quality and affordability , this is one of the best VPNs around .
Buy this VPN .
Advertising
2. ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN is the second - best option out there for keeping your privacy while browsing the internet .
Like many other VPNs here , they will encrypt your IP address , offer vast coverage , and can have multiple devices connected to their servers .
Compared to NordVPN , while the pricing point is higher , ExpressVPN ’s biggest selling point is the number of countries that their connection covers .
Depending on where you are in the world , this may be the only option you have .
They have fewer servers — 160 , to be precise — but they make up for the low server count by covering 94 countries .
Cost - wise , your best bet is to go with the yearly plan where they charge $ 8.32 a month .
They also have one - and six - month plans .
Buy this VPN .
3. Surf Shark
With regards to Surf Shark , you can connect multiple devices to its servers , and it ’s compatible with Windows , Linux , and Mac .
It is also available on Android , iOS , Chrome , Firefox , and FireTV .
Furthermore , Surf Shark can whitelist apps and sites , letting them bypass the VPN .
This , along with the lines of split - tunneling , is another feature that many VPNs offer .
The difference is that Surf Shark allows you to whitelist specific apps or any website , while most VPNs will whitelist all sites or none at all .
The other consideration for this app is the price .
While lower - tier plans are more expensive compared to others , Surf Shark ’s 24 - month plan is priced at $ 2.69 a month , so it ’s cheaper than even NordVPN ’s equivalent plan !
Buy this VPN .
4. CyberGhost
Another top - reviewed VPN is CyberGhost .
They ’ve been around for 15 years and have fine - tuned their offers and features to stay competitive .
They provide the standard package of browsing the web and logging into accounts safely and give you access to regionally blocked content .
The network also maintains security from hackers , malware , and phishing .
Aside from that , you can connect multiple devices , and it ’s compatible with all kinds of platforms .
Advertising
What separates CyberGhost from the others is their extensive coverage .
They have multiple servers , and the pricing point is still very low .
It covers over 88 countries and has roughly 6200 servers for you to choose from , all while charging $ 2.75 for their 18 - month plan .
Buy this VPN .
5. IPVanish
IPVanish ’s prime purpose is to give users online freedom by providing fast speeds and private connections .
It ’s clear that they can meet that promise as they provide many of the features that have been listed previously from their competitors .
IPVanish is a part of SugarSync now .
What is that , you may ask ?
It ’s a cloud - based service that syncs files across devices and computers for sharing , backup , and many more .
What this means is that other devices can access various files and videos so long as they are connected to your specific VPN .
Furthermore , it can serve as a backup plan if you get hacked or lose your device for some reason .
Buy this VPN .
6. Private Internet Access
Private Internet Access ( PIA ) is a remarkably generous company in many ways .
Aside from the obvious features , they offer great incentives and discounts for people to try out their products .
They claim to be the most trustworthy and reliable VPN around , and we believe that .
One notable thing is that PIA offers a free two - month trial .
Compared to other VPNs to this point , none have provided free trials ( though all come with a 30 - day money - back guarantee ) .
On top of that , small businesses can avail of their VPN at a discounted rate .
There is also the fact that their pricing plans go as low as $ 2.69 a month for two years , and they let you pay with gift cards .
In terms of specs , PIA has over 2695 servers that cover 47 countries right now .
These particular aspects make PIA unique and one of the best VPNs to consider .
Buy this VPN .
Advertising
7. Hotspot Shield
Hotspot Shield is all about offering protection while you ’re browsing the internet or using streaming services like Netflix .
The encryption is military - grade , and its speed is ultra-fast .
In truth , it is even marketed as one of the fastest VPNs .
Hotspot Shield offers a plan that only costs $ 7.99 a month ; however , it ’s one of the few in this list to provide its services for free .
Like other Freemium apps , the free version comes with limited features .
That said , it gives you a much better feel for the VPN .
Also , take note that the encryption feature is still there , though the limitations in the free plan include connecting to one location in the US and having limited streaming options and speed .
Buy this VPN .
8. TunnelBear
As unusual as a name choice for an online security protection service can be , TunnelBear is nothing short of incredible .
It makes our list of the best VPNs for various reasons .
The biggest one is that the company goes through a yearly security audit .
This is notable because many VPNs do n’t bother about independent audits to ensure their systems are secure and safe from any issues .
This is critical as VPNs have gotten some bad reputation over the years , as TunnelBear has noted in their post about their security audit .
The fact that they are doing this annually ensures that nothing is being compromised .
Furthermore , TunnelBear offers limited services for free , but even their paid plans are pretty cheap .
For individuals , you ’re merely paying $ 3.33 per month .
The only catch is that you can connect five devices regardless of which paid plan you pick .
Buy this VPN .
9. Norton
Norton has been on the security scene for some time , and it ’s actually one of the founders of the internet security industry .
It started with virus and malware protection in 1991 and has since branched off to other sectors as the industry has shifted .
As you might expect from a company that ’s been around for a long time , Norton provides excellent services , and a few of their other services have gone into the VPN package .
In reality , Norton is the only one thus far to offer a password manager with their VPN services .
They provide 50 GB of cloud storage as well .
Advertising
Norton has one of the cheapest VPNs , considering you can get their deluxe plan at $ 49.99 per year .
That comes up to roughly $ 4.17 a month .
It might be slightly higher than other equivalent plans , but you get a lot of extra value that makes it worth the price .
Buy this VPN .
10 . StrongVPN
The final VPN we want to cover is StrongVPN .
Like many others , it ’s great at blocking unnecessary web traffic and providing a fast and simple solution to navigating the internet without any hindrance .
StrongVPN has over 900 servers .
It is available in more than 30 countries and compatible with all devices .
Beyond that , the only notable selling point it has compared to others is that it also offers Sugarsync services and 250GB of storage , irrespective of your chosen plan .
As for the pricing , their year - long plan costs $ 5.83 a month , while their month - long one is $ 10 .
Buy this VPN .
Bottom Line
Getting online protection is important these days , and companies recognize this .
With more hacks and breaches occurring every single day , the best VPNs can provide an excellent haven for many people who value their security and privacy .
We hope that by putting together this list , you ’ll be able to find the best VPN that you can trust and enjoy using .
As you can see , there are several great options with no real wrong one out there .
Pick the VPN that ’s best for you .
Featured photo credit : Petter Lagson via unsplash.com
If you use graphs in your Powerpoint presentations , I hope you ’ll follow these three simple principles .
1. One Story
2. No Bar Charts
3. Motion
ONE STORY
The only reason ( did I mention only ) to use a chart in a presentation is to make a point .
If you want to prove some deep insight or give people textured data to draw their own conclusions , DON ’T put it in a presentation .
Put it in a handout .
Give them a URL with a spreadsheet at the other end .
No , the reason you put a chart in a presentation is to tell a story .
A single story , one story per chart .
" Oh , " the attendee says , " our costs are going through the roof ! "
Or , in the case of the picture here , " Oh boy LA and Florida are in big big trouble . "
There is no room for nuance here .
You do n’t have nuance in the other parts of your presentation , and it does n’t belong here .
If the facts demand nuance , do n’t use a graph , because you wo n’t get nuance , you ’ll get confusion .
NO BAR CHARTS
Bar charts are dramatically overrated , primarily because they ’re the first choice in many graphing programs .
The problem with bar charts is that they should either be line / area charts ( when graphing a change over time , like unemployment rates ) or they should be a simple pie chart ( when comparing two or three items at the same scale ) .
[ I know full well that pie charts are not rigorous and often misused .
My point is that if you need to show slight differences or many bits of data , you probably do n’t want a chart at all . ]
The correct use of a bar chart is to show how several items change over a period of time .
This , of course , demands nuance .
MOTION
Here ’s the surprising one :
You should animate your charts .
It ’s simple : create two slides .
The first one shows where the data used to be , the second one , on the same axes , shows where it is or where it ’s going .
Motion .
Establish the first slide .
Make your point about your source and its validity .
Then press the advance button .
Boom .
There are 314 principles for good graphs and charts .
But these three laws will take you far .
July 7 , 2008 – 11:31 pm
Abstract art is a personal expression of your interpretation and perception of a vision you wish to express .
Bonobo is a simple flash - based canvas that has multiple animated ‘ brushes ’ that react to your mouse movements .
The movements are unpredictable but consistent .
Heres my attempt at ‘ art ’
It feels like a spirograph on acid .
I ’ve played with Spirograph , but I can only imagine what acid feels like , so that analogy is said as an idiom on my part .
Although this online canvas provides creative tools and brushes that allows random net - folk to create artwork on the fly , you cant dismiss the possibility that a true masterpiece could be fashioned through this tool .
Even with other technologically advanced art that is being generated with powerful computers , I ’m curious if any artists who use the classic technology to create their art would be lauded as classic artists in the art history books in the future .
So , brush away with bonobo , save it on a media that can withstand hundreds of years of aging , and hopefully the future can open the random image you created and marvel at the artistry .
The US president , George Bush , today told Iran it faced international isolation if it failed to curtail its nuclear programme , as the EU and US threatened further sanctions against Tehran .
The warning came in a declaration to be issued at the end of an EU - US summit in Slovenia today , a copy of which was obtained by theguardian.com .
The statement insisted Iran must " comply with international obligations concerning its nuclear activities , " notably an end to uranium enrichment .
Washington and Brussels promised to " fully and effectively " implement existing UN security council resolutions on Iran 's nuclear activities , warning also they were " ready to supplement those sanctions with additional measures " .
Later , the EU 's external relations commissioner , Benita Ferrero - Waldner , said these could include moves to freeze bank assets .
" We want to indeed show to Iranians that we mean it very seriously … [ We are ] particularly thinking of asset freezes of banks , " she told reporters .
Bush , speaking at the summit at Brdo castle , the first stop on his last European tour as US president , said Tehran must transparently end uranium enrichment if it wanted closer ties .
" They can either face isolation , or they can have better relations with all of us , " he said , adding : " Now 's the time for all of us to work together to stop them . "
Were Iran to end up with nuclear weapons , " the free world is going to say ' Why did n't we do something about it at the time ? ' "
Bush said .
" Now 's the time for there to be strong diplomacy . "
The US and others accuse Tehran of enriching uranium in order to produce nuclear weapons .
Iran insists the programme is purely for civilian purposes .
Aside from Iran , the summit declaration – which outlined many general ambitions but very few specific policies – covered a range of subjects , including moves to tackle climate change , turbulent global financial markets and human rights abuses in Zimbabwe and China .
On global warming , Bush sounded a positive note , saying : " I think we can actually get an agreement on global climate change during my presidency . "
He warned , however , that no agreement on global warming could be effective without the cooperation of China and India .
On Zimbabwe , the summit declaration called on Robert Mugabe 's regime to " cease the state - sponsored violence and intimidation against its people " ahead of a presidential run-off later this month .
It urged the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , to immediately send a team to the country to " monitor human rights abuses and deter further abuses " .
The leaders said they planned to maintain pressure on China over Tibet and human rights ahead of the Beijing Olympics , which opens in two months .
They expressed their " deepest condolences " over the Sichuan earthquake , which killed an estimated 70,000 people .
The brief section on climate change reiterated standing commitments to UN targets on tackling global warming , notably the framework convention on climate change .
However , there was an acknowledgement that any action would take place " in accordance with our respective policies " , reflecting the different environmental concerns held by Washington and Brussels .
Little was expected of the summit , given that Bush now carries little weight as his last few months in office wind down .
Last week , Bush 's national security adviser , Stephen Hadley , warned the press not to get too excited ahead of the president 's European trip , which will also take him to Germany , Italy , France , London and Belfast .
" I do n't think you 're going to see dramatic announcements on this trip , " he said .
Emphasising the apparent indifference to Bush 's presence , there were no demonstrations on streets near the summit venue in the Slovenian capital , Ljubljana .
Nonetheless , Bush 's schedule is packed .
He travels to Germany later today for talks with the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , before heading to Italy on Thursday .
On Friday , he will meet Pope Benedict XVI in St John 's Tower , a restored medieval structure in the Vatican gardens .
The pope usually greets world leaders in his study , but made the change in response to Bush 's " cordiality " when Benedict was in the US in April , according to the Vatican .
The president will then go to Paris before ending his trip in the UK .
He will meet the Queen and Gordon Brown before a brief stopover in Belfast .
Multiple Democratic sources say that Sen. Hillary Clinton , in a series of private conversations and conference calls , continues to urge her pledged delegates to vote for Barack Obama at the Democratic National Convention .
Clinton plans a series of calls with superdelegates , interest groups and state delegations over the next few days .
( One of them took place last night , according to this report from Iowa 's Quad Cities - Globe - Gazette . )
“ She ’s doing calls with supports and delegates and various other groups of supporters , ” said Mo Elliethee , a spokesperson .
“ What she did was reiterate what she said on Saturday .
She thanked them for their hard work and their dedication and all that they did for her and celebrated some of the accomplishments of her campaign … .
And she urged them to get behind Sen.
Obama and to work just as hard to elect him president . ”
A Clinton spokesman said that Clinton is not technically releasing her delegates -- doing so would cause many of them to be dropped from the slate -- but noted that both Bill Bradley and Howard Dean did not formally release their slates until their conventions .
Still , Clinton 's moves this week suggest that she opposes grassroots efforts by some of her supporters to hang on until the convention and submit Clinton 's name for president or vice president .
It also suggests that her campaign does not intend to challenge the DNC rules and bylaws committee decision to award Obama some of Clinton 's delegates from Michigan .
Pledged delegates and superdelegates can vote for whomever they want , but a split convention -- even if the split was lopsided -- would no doubt embarrass Obama .
In other Clinton news , campaign manager Maggie Williams , senior adviser Cheryl Mills , and staffers from every other Clinton campaign department will remain on the payroll through at least June .
The process of closing down a campaign is almost as complex as is the process to create one .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
When FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair swooped in on Friday and took over IndyMac Bank , she became steward to billions of dollars in customer savings deposits .
She also inherited $ 200 billion worth of home mortgages - a sizable number of which are in trouble .
Bair , from her bully pulpit as one of the nation 's top bank regulators , has long pressed lenders to help struggling homeowners by modifying their mortgages to more affordable terms .
Now she has to do it herself .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. already has suspended foreclosures on $ 15 billion in loans owned by failed bank IndyMac .
Officials will examine the delinquent loans in the portfolio to see whether they can modify the terms to let homeowners get back on track with payments .
The agency will also attempt to help borrowers with delinquent mortgages in the $ 185 billion portfolio of loans IndyMac administers - or services , in industry terminology - for other lenders .
While making changes to these mortgage contracts is not as easy as modifying loans owned by the bank , the servicing agreements allow for some flexibility , FDIC officials said .
" We are committed to working with those borrowers to seek long - term and sustainable modifications , " said Andrew Gray , an FDIC spokesman .
" It 's a benefit to both the borrower and lender to have these borrowers stay in their homes . "
While consumer advocates applauded the move , industry observers say Bair faces many hurdles .
It can take months to review all the delinquent loans and many people may be beyond saving .
" The perception in the market is , ' Good luck , Sheila .
Let 's see what you can do with the loans ' , " said Guy Cecala , publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance , an industry newsletter .
The FDIC declined to specify how it would accomplish this goal beyond saying it intended to shift borrowers into loans that were affordable over the long term .
Bair was not available to be interviewed for this article .
Bair 's speeches and testimony over the past 10 months provide an insight into her views .
Since last fall , the chairwoman has advocated for a systematic approach to restructuring loans of troubled borrowers rather than a case - by - case review .
This will allow lenders to more quickly help homeowners , while freeing up resources for more difficult situations .
For borrowers who are current on their payments but are facing mortgage rate resets , Bair supports using a debt - to - income ratio to determine a loan 's affordability .
Translation :
If the reset results in payments greater than 50 % of a borrower 's income , then the rate should be frozen at the introductory level , she has said .
In addition to freezing rates , Bair told CNNMoney.com in March that she approves of reducing principal payments , not just deferring them .
And she told the Senate Banking Committee last month that she generally supports shifting borrowers into affordable loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration , as laid out by the housing legislation working its way through Congress .
Under a bill that passed the Senate last week , struggling homeowners could be put into 30 - year fixed rate mortgages if the lenders agree to write down their mortgage principal to 90 % of their current appraised home value .
Only those who live in their homes and have debt - to - income ratios of more than 31 % would qualify under the Senate bill .
Many hurdles to overcome
Bair , however , may find that it could take months to sift through the delinquent loans in IndyMac 's portfolio .
According to FDIC statistics , 6.77 % of IndyMac 's residential loans were not current as of March 31 .
Bank staffers were already reaching out to troubled homeowners before the institution was taken over .
" IndyMac has probably already done as much as they could with those loans , " Cecala said .
One of the central problems : IndyMac specialized in Alt - A loans , which are even tougher to modify because borrowers often did not have to provide proof of their income or assets .
Many of those homeowners were given loans with payments they simply could not sustain .
" These are loans that are very hard to restructure because you look at the original loan documents and there is nothing there , " said Chris Mayer , real estate professor at Columbia Business School .
Some experts question whether modifications even work .
A recent Moody 's Investors Service study found that 42 % of loans modified in the first half of 2007 were more than three months behind in payments as of March 31 .
Another complicating factor is that the FDIC 's ultimate goal is to shore up the bank and sell it within 90 days .
That means it can't be too generous in modifying loan terms .
Consumer advocates look to Bair
Consumer advocates , meanwhile , are hopeful that Bair will show the industry how to tackle this thorny problem .
" I 'm confident the FDIC will be able to do a very good job , " said Ken Wade , chief executive of NeighborWorks America , a national community revitalization group chartered by Congress whose board is made up of bank regulators .
" I 'm hopeful she 'll be able to demonstrate a better way to accomplish modifications in a more substantial way that will end up keeping people in their homes and saving institutions money . "
In any case , the FDIC - run IndyMac should be able to do more for struggling homeowners than it did before it was taken over , housing counselors say .
The bank was one of the worst when it came to working with them to restructure loans .
They will be watching what steps Bair takes .
" This is an opportunity for Sheila Bair to walk the walk , " said Bruce Marks , chief executive of Boston - based Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America , an advocacy group .
In June , 2007 , a thirty - nine - year - old unemployed physicist named Garrett Lisi arrived at a professional conference in Morelia , Mexico , to give a twenty - minute talk .
The conference was attended by all the top researchers in a field called loop quantum gravity , which had emerged as a leading challenger to string theory .
Morelia is in a region susceptible to earthquakes , and it occurred to Lisi that if there was an earthquake string theory might predominate for the next twenty years .
This thought was not pleasing to him .
Garrett Lisi seemed a model of the hermit genius .
Photograph by Martin Schoeller
Lisi had not been to a professional conference in eight years , and he was anxious about speaking in public .
He has since learned that he can conquer this fear if he writes out all his remarks and reads from the script .
But he had n’t yet learned that tactic , and so he overcame his nerves by submerging his ideas in a mass of equations .
In the audience was a physicist named Lee Smolin , one of the three founders of the field of loop quantum gravity and a prominent member of the faculty at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics , in Ontario .
Smolin had a bad cold that day , and so , through the double fog of his illness and of Lisi ’s exceedingly technical language , he grasped only the contours of what he was listening to .
Lisi believed that he had discovered what physicists call a Theory of Everything — a unifying idea that aims to incorporate all the universe ’s forces in a single mathematical framework .
The Theory of Everything has been the holy grail of theoretical physics for a century ; Nobels are won for partial contributions to it .
Here was somebody , with no reputation , saying that he might have figured out the key to the whole thing .
Within four months , however , and after a second talk , Smolin was telling Lisi that he had “ one of the most compelling unification models I ’ve seen in years . ”
“ There ’s a dream that underlying the physical universe is some beautiful mathematical structure , and that the job of physics is to discover that , ” Smolin told me later .
“ The dream is in bad shape , ” he added .
“ And it ’s a dream that most of us are like recovering alcoholics from . ”
Lisi ’s talk , he said , “ was like being offered a drink . ”
There is a persistent legend in physics of the hermit genius , the scientist who drops out of academia and then returns , many years later , with an insight that moves the discipline forward .
The brilliant outsider has become almost a stock character .
David Deutsch , a British pioneer of quantum computer theory , had dropped out of paid academia several years before his theories won wide acclaim .
Julian Barbour , whose theories helped pioneer a key physics concept known as background independence , left the university and never returned , holding forth in a farmhouse twenty miles outside Oxford and receiving graduate students as pilgrims .
The most famous outsider genius was the patent clerk Albert Einstein .
“ Look , in my experience , the style of a well - trained Ph.D. going away , thinking hard about something for a long time , and coming back with something very original , something that ’s a well - worked - out and well - thought - through point of view , is an essential , if rare , part of how theoretical physics progresses , ” Smolin said .
“ Garrett fit the pattern . ”
But Lisi , when he arrived in Morelia , was so obscure that he could not think of a single reputable physicist who might recommend him for a job .
Einstein at least had a weekly discussion club in Bern , where he muddled through Poincaré and Hume .
Lisi had got his Ph.D. from the University of California at San Diego , completing his dissertation on the mathematics of the movement of water over a swimming dolphin ’s skin , and then , at thirty - one , dropped out of academia and nearly out of society .
For almost a decade , Lisi moved on no fixed schedule between Maui , where he likes to surf , and the mountains of the West , where he snowboards .
Four years ago , Lisi persuaded his girlfriend , Crystal Baranyk , who is an artist , to move with him into an old Colorado ski-shuttle van ; he remodelled it himself , shipped it to Maui , and parked it by the beach .
They lived in the van for a year , with no toilet .
He worked intermittently , sometimes as a snowboard instructor , once on a short - term consulting contract when a friend ’s software company needed an algorithm solved , but mostly he tried to think about physics .
When Lisi arrived in Morelia , it was as if the Sierra Nevada and the physical sciences had joined to produce their own version of Sidd Finch .
“ I am forty years old and most of my net worth is in snowboards and surfboards , and that ’s kind of weird , ” Lisi said .
He was n’t even particularly careful with these items .
At one point , he was living in a yurt on a plantation in Maui with some people from the group World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms when he found himself gripped by the urge to snowboard .
He had no place to store his surfboards , so he just left them there .
When he returned , a year later , he found that a new group had moved into the yurt , discovered the surfboards , and put them to use .
Five months after Morelia , Lisi finally published his theory online , in a thirty - one - page paper called “ An Exceptionally Simple Theory of Everything . ”
The paper is hard for a nontechnical reader to penetrate ; it consists mostly of equations and boasts .
As physicists began to examine Lisi ’s paper , they found it alternately sublime and just strange .
For half a century , scientists have tried , unsuccessfully , to unify the two governing theories of the physical world : general relativity , which explains the behavior of very large objects , like stars , and quantum mechanics , which precisely describes the phenomena of very small objects , like particles .
The two theories are written in distinct mathematical languages , and scientists have not found a way to unify them — a common syntax .
This makes it hard to describe certain crossover phenomena , like the horizons of black holes .
Most physicists believe that the problem is n’t that the universe is incoherent but that there is something missing in the math .
Scientists have long hoped that new experiments in cosmology or particle physics would break this impasse .
But discoveries on this scale have n’t been forthcoming , and it ’s not clear that some of the most compelling modern theories can even be tested by experiment .
This is particularly true of string theory .
The appeal of the theory lies in its high - end math , but it also twists the real world in unusual ways .
String theorists believe that the world has ten or eleven dimensions , depending on the version of the theory , with the extra ones balled up in “ compactifications ” too tiny to perceive .
Garrett Lisi , willfully cut loose from the world of academic physics , built his theory as an outsider might , relying on a grab bag of component parts : a hand - built mathematical structure , an unconventional way of describing gravity , and a mysterious mathematical entity known as E8 .
With the publication of his theory , Lisi wandered into a mill of expectations and press attention , in an unusually politicized moment in physics .
His supporters include prominent physicists , but some of his antagonists , particularly among string theorists , thought his math was fishy and found the entire episode outrageous .
When I asked the Nobel laureate David Gross , a professor of physics and an influential string theorist at the University of California at Santa Barbara , about Lisi , he said that he was “ extremely reluctant to add fuel to this silly story . ”
But Smolin , after meeting Lisi and talking to him , became convinced that it was at least possible that Lisi had made a fundamental breakthrough .
“ It is of the nature of a high - risk shot on goal from way down the field , ” Smolin said .
He wondered if a position within the academic world might buy Lisi time to develop his theory and asked if he was interested in applying for a university fellowship .
Lisi said no .
In the acknowledgments to “ An Exceptionally Simple Theory of Everything , ” Lisi begins by thanking a mathematician from Columbia named Peter Woit .
The two men had never met , and their only previous interaction was a slim exchange of e-mails that had ended some months earlier , in which Lisi sent Woit a description of the problems he was working on and Woit responded with some general words of encouragement .
But in physics the invocation of Woit ’s name was a smoke signal , a declaration of partisan affinities .
Woit was best known for his zealous one - man campaign to discredit string theory .
By thanking him , Lisi had enlisted in the string wars .
“ It was probably not the most politic thing to do , ” Woit said .
Lisi had long harbored a deep skepticism about string theory .
As a graduate student in theoretical physics at U.C. San Diego in the nineties , he was briefed on a recent string - theory development called the Maldacena conjecture by a young member of the physics department .
“ It was very interesting mathematics , ” Lisi said .
“ But I remember walking out of this office and wondering what it had to do with any physical reality .
And , as far as I could tell , it did n’t . ”
The influence of string theorists was growing at the time , and Lisi felt the academy closing in on him .
“ If you share an office next to a guy for twenty years , and you like him and you ’re friends with him , it ’s hard to tell him that you think that his whole idea of how the universe works is completely wrong , ” he said .
String theory , Lisi had come to believe , was “ a mess . ”
First during the nineteen - seventies , but with increasing momentum during the eighties , a loose community of physics researchers had begun to postulate that the disparate small particles that we learned about in high - school science class — electrons , for instance — were actually the varied vibrations of tiny open and closed looped strings .
String theorists believed that this basic component allowed them to fit all the forces of nature into a single mathematical framework .
By 1999 , Steven Weinberg , a physicist and Nobel laureate at the University of Texas , could say that string theory was “ the only game in town . ”
One good way to prove string theory would be to look and see whether strings exist .
But the vibrations , according to the hypothesis , take place at a frequency too high for existing equipment to detect .
String theorists have still not been able to resolve their equations into testable hypotheses .
Instead , they have built their case on the compelling quality of their mathematics , which some find almost incomprehensibly beautiful .
Physicists have long looked to higher math for insights into the workings of the universe .
“ If a figure is so beautiful and intricate and clear , you figure it must not exist for itself alone , ” John Baez , a professor of mathematics at the University of California at Riverside , said .
“ It must correspond to something in the physical world . ”
This instinct — the assumption that beauty will stand in for truth — has become a habit .
Some physicists now worry that string theory ’s mathematics have grown permanently unmoored from the real world — an exercise in its own complexity .
And so modern theoretical physics has become , in part , an argument about aesthetics .
A lot of politicians seem to love nuclear power �from John McCain to Angela Merkel and Silvio Berlusconi .
But more importantly , public opinion everywhere is getting behind them .
Getting on the bandwagon ( AP ) Look at Germany .
A few years ago , a center - left government beholden to Greens agreed to shut down Germany 's nuclear power plants and build no more new ones �a wildly popular decision in country where waylaying railcars carrying nuclear waste is considered sport .
Last week , Germany 's conservative leader Angela Merkel , still ...
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Opening up internet programming was a central theme of Web 2.0 San Francisco 's Web 2.0 Expo conference brought together thousands of people responsible for crafting the future direction of the internet , and the world of applications - or apps - was front and centre .
Everyone from Microsoft to Yahoo to MySpace was on a mission to woo developers to create exciting applications for their devices .
Jennifer Pahlka of Techweb , one of the conference 's co-chairs , said the carrot these big Silicon Valley companies were dangling to entice developers to get involved was that of openness and allowing people to devise programmes without constraints .
" Yahoo was talking about opening up advertising platforms , Mozilla was talking about opening up the mobile web and John Zittrain from Oxford University was talking about openness to drive innovation and creativity so we do n't go into this closed system where every application has to be approved by someone else , " said Ms Pahlka .
" So I think open versus closed and who gets to define what is open and what is n't is a big theme that dominated the week at Web 2.0 . "
Throwing down the gauntlet For Charlene Li , principal analyst at Forrester Research , this over - arching principle of openness was at the heart of two of the week 's major announcements .
I think that Web 2.0 is at an intersection
Mitchell Baker " I think the combination of Microsoft 's Live Mesh and the Yahoo !
Open Strategy are throwing down the gauntlet to everybody else to open up as well , " he said .
Live Mesh aims to synchronise and unite a multiplicity of devices and applications online .
Yahoo !
Open Strategy is about stitching together its online services under the social profile concept for ultimate access .
Ms Li told BBC
News : " All this then says that whoever has the best experience , if I can make your connection to the web better than anyone else , you will be loyal to me . "
Web 2.0 intersection
The point of delivery was a hot topic throughout the Web 2.0 conference and the focus was undoubtedly on the mobile web .
They are all start ups digging the earth right now and their pay - off will maybe come later
Dean Takahashi Mozilla 's chairwoman Mitchell Baker is banking on the Firefox browser as being one of the more important platforms for developers who are working on mobile devices .
" I think that Web 2.0 is at an intersection and the software on which it is based and the involvement of Mozilla demonstrates that by being open and allowing interoperability you get more innovative and better efforts , " she said .
For the last six months , Firefox has been working on a browser that operates on mobiles and the organisation is already testing its prototype , she said .
To some degree , that takes care of the here and right now , but turning to the next stage in the world of the internet , at Web 2.0 chatter about Web 3.0 was bubbling under the surface .
While largely thought of as the semantic web - where machines understand what is being written - not everyone at this conference was ready to embrace Web 3.0 .
Forrester analyst Josh Bernoff described it as " a load of baloney " .
" It just shows people can count and it 's some piece of marketing flim - flam dreamed up by companies pushing their products , " he said .
Opening up Dean Takahashi of Venture Beat said if you want to find out what the next big thing is , follow the big money .
I am just more interested in applications that connect me with other people than with a computer that says it can understand what I just wrote
Jennifer Pahlka
For the moment that is not happening in the so - called world of Web 3.0 .
" The semantic web is a longer term play and so far I do n't see highly valued companies popping up there , " said Mr Takahashi .
" They are all start ups digging the earth right now and their pay - off will maybe come later . "
For the moment , Mr Takahashi said the venture capital landscape is being dominated by the mobile world , social networks and applications .
With a plethora of companies embracing open social networks and the demand for applications increasing , this , he said , is where there real growth will be .
" Starting a plain old application company for something like Facebook , that 's like a one or two person company , " said Mr Takahashi .
" What you are going to see is other businesses acquiring those small app companies so that they can have a big collection of Facebook apps that will eventually be worth something .
" That 's potentially where the money will be . "
Get connected
For the moment , Jennifer Pahlka advised users to enjoy the ride that is Web 2.0 .
" There is still a really long way to go with Web 2.0 , " she said .
People were still trying to find ways of " exploiting all those principles of collective intelligence " , she added .
" The fundamental aspect of what is gong on just now is more personal and that resonates more with me than the semantic web , " said Ms Pahlka .
" I am just more interested in applications that connect me with other people than with a computer that says it can understand what I just wrote . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
John Mayer Shaves His Head ( Photos )
What the heck wasthinking - shaving off his hair ?
The singer debuted his new hairdo while performing live at the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater in Irvin , California over the weekend .
Wonder what his girlfriend Jennifer Aniston thinks of it .
The pair have not been photographed out and about lately .
Is there trouble in paradise ?
Tell us what you think - do you like the wavy locks or the buzz cut .
More photos below .
Photo : WENN
A drop in the number of people who lacked health insurance last year reflects a push by states to cover more lower - income adults and children , but the gains might unravel during the economic slowdown , economists and health experts say .
" In 2007 , there was a lot of activity , with states taking the lead in moving toward health reform , " says Diane Rowland of the Kaiser Family Foundation , a non-partisan research group .
Last year , 26 states expanded eligibility for Medicaid , a program for low - income residents , Rowland says .
Yet the troubled economy , coupled with the housing crisis and high gas prices , could force states to step back .
" In good times , states expand programs , and in bad economic times … they scale them back , " Rowland says .
Census figures released Tuesday show the number of uninsured nationwide dropped by 1.3 million last year , while enrollment in state Medicaid programs grew by the same amount .
Other government insurance programs , including Medicare and military health care , also grew .
Covering more children was a priority for states last year .
Many , including Oklahoma and Louisiana , expanded Medicaid to cover children in families earning up to 250 % of poverty , or $ 44,000 for a family of three .
That allowed Louisiana to enroll 15,000 more children in Medicaid and a related program since January , says Alan Levine , Louisiana 's secretary of the Department of Health and Hospitals .
Those states and others initially had sought to raise eligibility to 300 % of poverty , or $ 52,800 for a family of three .
But in August 2007 , a federal directive limited expansion to 250 % .
Levine agrees with the rule , saying " scarce resources " should go to the neediest .
Yet Mike Fogarty , CEO of the Oklahoma Health Care Authority , says the larger increase " would have reached nearly 50,000 kids " in his state .
The uninsured numbers will likely fuel debate next year when Congress considers renewing the State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) .
The program costs about $ 5 billion a year .
Late last year , President Bush twice vetoed congressional efforts to increase funding for it , saying the plans raised taxes and expanded a program meant for low - income children to those in middle - income brackets .
SCHIP was extended until spring 2009 but was not granted additional funding .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - The Egyptian government wants Fawzi Zawar , 49 , to give up his taxi .
A man drives an old Taxi in Cairo , August 12 , 2008 .
Under a law passed earlier this year , the authorities will not renew the licences of any taxis older than 20 years , which may be the majority on the clogged , polluted streets of Cairo .
The drive to get rid of old taxis reflects a broader trend towards modernising consumer products in the most populous Arab country , where megamalls financed by Gulf Arab petrodollars are opening for the first time .
REUTERS / Amr Dalsh
But Zawar , with a white moustache and white hair , is not about to let go of his 27 - year - old South Korean Hyundai Pony .
Zawar earns 600 Egyptian pounds ( $ 112 ) a month rattling through Cairo ’s streets in his vinyl - seat Pony , with its peeling white and black paint and no door handles , window knobs , or sun visors .
That ’s more than he makes in his civil service day job .
Hyundai stopped producing the Pony some 20 years ago and now keeps one in a museum in Seoul .
But Zawar ’s
Pony is still running strong , battling the chaos on Cairo ’s roads and hauling tourists to the Pyramids on a good day .
“ It only breaks down twice a week , ” Zawar says proudly .
“ I wo n’t change it unless they force me . ”
Under a law passed earlier this year , the authorities will not renew the licences of any taxis older than 20 years , which may be the majority on the clogged , polluted streets of Cairo .
The fleet of Russian - made Lada 1300s , Cold War-era Romanian Dacia 1300s and Turkish Sahins may not rule the streets much longer in Cairo , where passengers pay what they wish for a ride in the meter - less contraptions .
“ Taxis on the road have been operating 24 hours a day for 23 years , with two or three drivers each at one time , ” Deputy Interior Minister Major - General Sherif Gomaa , who oversees traffic , told Reuters .
“ Their suspension systems are destroyed , the steering wheels can separate from the steering shaft , and accidents happen , like falling into canals . ”
MODERNISATION
The drive to get rid of old taxis reflects a broader trend towards modernising consumer products in the most populous Arab country , where megamalls financed by Gulf Arab petrodollars are opening for the first time .
With economic growth at 7 percent a year , retailers , property developers , car makers and banks are posting record profits as Egyptians spend more , buying new products they once could n’t afford .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
“ You will see many of the older generation keeping their 20 - year old stoves and refrigerators they bought when they got married , ” said Mena Sadek , analyst at Egyptian investment bank Beltone Financial .
“ But this is changing now . ”
The Egyptian government , which has overhauled its economy along free - market principles since 2004 , says the taxis , besides causing crashes , break down so often they clog up roads , which is bad for business .
They also emit black clouds of smoke as they putter through the city , contributing to a layer of summer smog that settles over Cairo ’s skyline of minarets and apartment towers topped with satellite dishes .
“ The traffic law has been overdue for a long time , ” said Simon Kitchen , an economist at Egypt ’s largest investment bank , EFG - Hermes .
“ There are a lot of very old vehicles on the road and that is a drag on economic performance . ”
But persauding the owners of Cairo ’s antiquities on wheels to turn over the keys may be a tricky matter in Egypt , where discontent is rising due to soaring food costs .
Thousands of government workers hit the streets at night to supplement meager salaries by driving a cab in a country where about a fifth of the population lives on less than $ 1 a day .
“ This is oppression , ” said Ahmed Saeed , 41 , pounding the wheel of his 1972 Fiat 124 .
“ They will slaughter us !
How will I feed my kids ? ”
Saeed , a father of five , said he would n’t be able to afford the 70,000 pounds he estimates he would need to buy a more modern car , even with a loan the government says it will give drivers to buy new cars .
SECOND JOB
The number of taxi drivers ballooned in the 1990s , when government decrees allowed any car to be converted into a taxi and permitted banks to give car loans , according to Khaled el - Khamissi , author of “ Taxi ” , a 2006 book about Cairo cabbies .
Many of Egypt ’s unemployed took out a loan to buy a cab , swelling the number of taxis to about 80,000 , Khamissi wrote .
Zawar bought his Pony in 1995 for 12,000 pounds , figuring his salary of 500 pounds per month from the Ministry of Social Solidarity would not be enough to support his five children .
Buying a new car , he says , would n’t be a good idea because passengers would refuse to pay him any more money .
The new traffic law includes other measures , such as increasing fines for violating traffic rules and allowing the licensing of three - wheeled rickshaw taxis , known as tuktuks , used commonly in Asia .
It may take more than higher fines to change the behaviour of Cairo drivers , who obey traffic lights only when a policeman is present and wander from lane to lane without warning .
The penalties range up to 500 - pound fines and even jail for offenses such as speeding , eating and drinking while driving , or having a baby in the front seat , a common practice .
“ It wo n’t work for sure , ” said Adil Abdel Rahman , 48 , driver of a Soviet - era Lada .
The police , he said , would likely target only the poor for fines , allowing the rich to dodge responsibility .
“ Everyone plays with the law here , ” he said .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China may raise natural gas prices as soon as September in its latest effort to normalize cheap domestic energy rates , but it treads a fine line in trying to bolster long - term supply while damping short - term demand .
A plant which will produce oil from coal , known as coal - to - liquid ( CTL ) , nears completion in Erdos , in China 's Inner Mongolia region , April 2008 .
REUTERS / Nao Nakanishi
A rise in domestic rates , which are half U.S. prices and less than one - third those of spot LNG imports , will be a boon for top producer PetroChina 0857.HK and peer Sinopec 0386 .
HK , whose regulated wellhead prices have risen only twice in the past three years .
But it is unlikely to resonate as loudly as last month ’s sharp fuel price and rare power tariff increases , as natural gas occupies just 3 percent of China ’s energy basket .
Beijing aims to double the share of gas by 2020 as part of a high - profile effort to encourage greener economic growth .
To get there , it must increase prices enough to make it economical to produce domestic gas from remote areas or import it , and cut demand to avoid a short - term supply crisis that would force companies to seek other fuels .
At the moment , demand is galloping as natural gas looks an increasingly good choice compared to coal -- the price of which Beijing effectively liberalized last year before freezing again in June -- and to oil , which has surged to highs near $ 150 .
“ With coal prices already market driven and Beijing just raised fuel and power prices , people asked me what ’s next ?
I said it should be natural gas , ” said Yang Fuqiang of the U.S. Energy Foundation , which advises Beijing on energy policies including pricing .
“ Possibly as soon as after the Olympics .
Low gas prices are not conducive for demand control . ”
Controlling demand without killing it is crucial for policy makers who want to ensure the success of huge projects like the $ 30 billion Central Asia pipeline .
GAS PUZZLE
China ’s gas policy is the most complex and opaque piece of its energy pricing puzzle , as the sector is in its infancy and geared most toward the heavily subsidized fertilizer industry .
Natural gas makes up 3 percent of China ’s overall energy use , versus a third in the United States and a quarter in Europe , Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) said in a report .
A surge of enthusiasm for imported LNG has been dulled by escalating global prices and stagnant local rates .
China last raised wellhead gas by a third last November , after a 5 - 15 percent hike two years earlier , but it only affected industrial and commercial users , sparing more price - sensitive residential consumers and fertilizer makers .
Even after that increase , prices at around 1.40 yuan per cubic meter , or $ 5.6 per million British thermal unit ( mmBtu ) , are well below U.S. levels < 0 #NG : > at $ 10 per mmBtu and versus long - term LNG contracts now hitting $ 15 per mmBtu .
The timing may also be right for policymakers to raise gas prices , as annual inflation for June was at 7.1 percent , easing
for two - straight months after hitting near 12 - year highs .
“ The current price level ( for inflation ) looks relatively modest and is acceptable to the government , which could create a favorable environment for further adjustment of resource and energy prices in the second half , ” said Su Chang at China Economic & Business Monitor .
Few analysts were willing to estimate the scale of the next rise , but most agreed that any increase would be another small step towards a long - term market - driven pricing scheme .
A string of recent LNG import deals also seemed to point to Beijing ’s growing acceptance of international prices .
PetroChina agreed on surprise LNG purchase deals with Shell RDSa.L and Australia 's Woodside WPL .
AX last year .
CNOOC and PetroChina concluded deals with Qatar in April , likely at $ 10 per mmBtu or higher .
China had previously clung to hopes of repeating its first LNG import deal sealed in 2002 around $ 3 per mmBtu .
CHANGE VERSUS STABILITY
Gas producers like PetroChina and Sinopec have long asked the government for market - based pricing to hasten exploration and production , while regulators also hope to raise prices to reflect real value of the cleaner fuel .
But Beijing has yielded to broader economic concerns such as inflationary pressures , or worries that drastic price increases would hit vulnerable users such as farmers and the urban poor .
“ The current decision - making process is propelled by a mixture of conflicting policy drivers and is expected to remain so at least in the medium term , ” said senior China oil and gas analyst Yan Kefeng of CERA .
A revolutionary approach is not on the cards .
“ Stability will be key , ” said Catriona Scott , London - based gas analyst with Gas Strategies Consulting .
“ Prices will be rationalized and increased ...
But it ’s not going to happen in the next six months , it will happen over years . ”
Yet changes are underway , as more market - based supplies -- via pipelines from Turkmenistan and through tankers from Algeria , Australia and Qatar -- join the pool , and as expanding webs of pipelines boost gas producers ’ pricing powers .
“ It is clear that the new market elements are increasingly influencing policymaking . ” said CERA ’s Yan .
Lagging prices risk exacerbating shortages .
The annual supply of 12 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) in China ’s first West - East pipeline , a fifth of the country ’s total output , was taken up faster than expected by users lured by low rates .
China started building its massive second West - East line in February , which will eventually pipe in 30 bcm a year of gas from Turkmenistan to China ’s eastern and southern seaboards .
PetroChina , the country ’s largest pipeline operator , has targeted urban users -- residential and commercial -- to take up over half of supplies from the second West - East line , industries some 28 percent and power about 16 percent by 2015 .
“ If the first West - East is any precedent , it ’s a case of supply constraint , ” said Gas Strategies Consulting ’s Scott .
( Editing by Ramthan Hussain )
Ron Paul : physical opposition to government may become necessary
By Peter Duveen
PETER'S NEW YORK , August 20 , 2008 -- In a radio interview today , U.S. congressman Ron Paul said it may become necessary for citizens to resort to physical opposition if the government continues to erode civil liberties and commit international acts of aggression .
Asked by radio show host Alex Jones if he believed in the use of violence or other physical action to oppose an unjust government , Paul , a one - time presidential candidate for the Libertarian Party and a contender for the Republican presidential nomination until he dropped out of the race earlier this year , answered in the affirmative .
" Well , there 's always that possibility that that time will come . " he said .
" I believe in that . "
Paul then cited Mahatma Gandhi , the Indian spiritual leader who led nonviolent demonstrations to promote the independence of India from Great Britain , and Martin Luther King , who used the same nonviolent techniques on behalf of the American civil rights movement in the 1960s , as examples of physical protest .
" When the state goes off track , you usually do have to stand up , " he said .
When to do so , he said , is " an individual personal decision . "
Paul was interviewed by telephone from the Houston , Texas hospital where his wife , Carol Paul , is a patient .
On other matters , Paul said tickets for the Rally for the Republic , a September 2 event in Minneapolis , Minn . of which he is a chief sponsor , have been selling well .
He said he expects to address the gathering in spite of his wife 's poor health and hospitalization .
His wife recently emerged from 12 days on a respirator , and her condition is improving , Paul said .
On the economy , Paul said he did not expect an improvement any time soon .
" We ' ve only had 25 percent of the correction that is necessary " Paul said .
" I think it 's going to get much worse . "
Paul compared the American economic situation to Japan 's downturn in the late 1980s .
" Japan still essentially has n't recovered , " he said .
The current economic downturn , said Paul , " could last a decade or longer . "
" What they 're doing " is just prolonging the agony , Paul said , referring to the bailout of investment banks and other measures initiated earlier this year by the Federal Reserve , the nation 's central bank .
Paul said the Fed 's easy money policy was like continuing to give a drug addict a fix , which he said makes the patient feel better , " but the patient dies . "
On the international front , Paul decried the U.S. public response to the conflict between Georgia and Russia .
Paul said he supported close relations with the Russian government , and said the friction between the U.S. and Russia was the result of the enlargement of NATO to the Russian border .
" We are in places where we should n't be , " he said , which " just leads to a lot of problems . "
Links
Alex Jones 's Infowars : http://www.infowars.com
Rally for the Republic : http://rally.campaignforliberty.com/
###
( The original , with any corrections and additions , may be found at http://www.petersnewyork.com/PAUL080820.html.)
Hidden passages have a long history of appearing in fictional novels and films but an even richer past in reality dating back to Egyptian tombs passages for Christians to worship in hiding from Romans .
Over the years hidden passages have been used to arrest kings and evacuate popes , hide shogun warriors , facilitate guerrilla fighters , enable drug smugglers and conceal serial killers .
In recent times , however , many more modest individuals have created ( or discovered ) secret passages in ordinary everyday households and there are even companies dedicated to designing secret doors , rooms and passages in middle - class houses .
In some cases the discovery of a secret room is a wonderful dream find but it can also be a twisted nightmare .
With so many secret rooms built into houses is it any wonder that some people are surprised to discover that their very own house has one they were entirely unaware of ?
One couple in an ordinary and unspectacular A - frame house found out they had their very own secret room after a year of living in the structure .
The room itself : a space as large as their main bedroom and complete with somewhat creepy accessories including a sleeping bag , electrical outlet and even unopened beer cans .
While for one couple the discovering of a secret room was exciting and resulted in additional usable space for another family a similar find was the beginning of a nightmarish tragedy .
In their secret room they found a mysterious note from a previous owner of the house who claimed that the structure was riddled with harmful mold that had made his children very sick .
As it turned out , the note was right : an inspection revealed high levels of various dangerous molds and the new owners were able to sue and settled for having the house repurchased at the price they paid .
And the previous owner ?
Apparently he was worried about someone with a vested interest in selling the house finding the note and therefore hid it .
Hidden rooms today usually serve one of two purposes : security or fun .
Sometimes a hidden door is used to disguise a safe or a ‘ panic room ’ where residents can hide in an emergency .
The room showed above , however , is one couples ’ unusually creative gift to their very excited teenage daughter .
This room works as an office and play - space and goes entirely unnoticed by clueless visitors ( or even building inspectors ) .
A remote control amazingly lifts an entire staircase out of the way revealing the hidden passage .
There are a number of design and construction companies that have grown up with the public ’s recently renewed fascination with secret doors , rooms and passageways .
Creative Home Engineering has a number of stock products and also creates custom hidden door and room designs .
Their ready - made products include classics like the fireplace that opens when you twist a candlestick and a bookcase that opens when you tilt a book .
The Hidden Doors company and others have dozens of simpler and less expensive stock items to choose from as well – from cabinets to pool racks and wine shelves masking hidden doors .
Want a secret room but are n’t sure you want to pay for one ?
Well , there are do - it - yourself options for creating your own disguised doors to hidden spaces though the process is somewhat complicated .
There are of course a lot of things that have to be considered with a secret door such as hiding visible gaps with trim and giving the doors a comfortable swing capacity .
Also , load issues need to be considered if you have , for example , a swinging bookshelf in mind .
Remarkably , though , this can all potentially be accomplished for just a few hundred dollars – a relatively small price to pay for such a clever interior design feature .
REVIEWING her wardrobe earlier this season , Elizabeth Marvin had a moment of reckoning .
“ How did this closet become so massively overstuffed ? ” she mused , disconcerted by the sight of so many Marni jackets , Chloé bags and Jimmy Choo shoes jostling for space on the racks .
“ From my green perspective , part of me feels guilty about being such a major consumer . ”
But Ms. Marvin , the New York sales director for the National Audubon Society and a self - described “ major environmentalist , ” felt neither so guilty nor so strapped that she planned to stop shopping cold turkey .
“ Instead of buying that Chloé jacket that I want right now , ” she said , “ I ’m much happier purchasing something at a consignment store that is much less . ”
In recent months , high - end designer resale shops have been the beneficiaries of a subtle shift in consumer thinking , as fashion lovers , even those who can afford to splurge , reassess their priorities .
Unsettled by continuing recession fears and the soaring prices of designer clothes , and assailed by queasy consciences as well , many find these shops a way to update their wardrobes without seriously denting their bank accounts  or their sense of social propriety .
Image THIS OLD THING A consigned D & G corset dress awaits a new home at the Ina boutique at 15 Bleecker Street in New York .
Credit ... Filip Kwiatkowski for The New York Times
“ Everyone is feeling the pinch these days or knows people who are feeling the pinch , ” said Linda Kenney Baden , a prominent lawyer in New York .
“ It ’s good to buy a used car again , and it ’s chic to buy used clothes . ”
The results of a moderate sized trial on a new Alzheimer ’s drug have just been announced and the results , if reliable , may suggest that the treatment is one of the most important medical breakthroughs of the century .
Alzheimer ’s disease is a type of dementia , a degenerative disorder of where the brain starts to degrade more quickly than would be expected through normal ageing .
One of the common features of Alzheimer ’s disease is the accumulation of neurofibrillary tangles in the brain .
These are clumps of tau protein that accumulate inside dying neurons .
There have been debates about whether these cause the problems or are just the result , but most researchers are now coming round to the idea that tau protein tangles are the main problem .
The drug has been given the tradename ‘ remben ’ and was initially thought to be useful as it dissolved tangles in the test tube .
It has just been tested in a Phase II trial which have been announced at an Alzheimer ’s research conference .
The results of the first announced trial has not been published but there are details on the conference press release which I ’ve included below the fold .
What ’s most impressive from the preliminary details , is that the drug seemed to both slow or even stop cognitive decline in some cases , as well as eliminating the decline in blood flow in the areas usually most affected by the disease suggesting that it is halting the spread of tangles .
Interestingly , the company behind the drug , TauRx , have just launched their website today to catch the wave of publicity .
However , I ’m wondering whether there ’s more to it than meets the eye because , if I ’ve got it right , the drug is n’t actually new .
Its chemical name is methylthioninium chloride but it ’s also known as methylene blue and was synthesised way back in 1876 .
It was shown to be active against malaria by Paul Ehrlich in 1891 and later as a useful antibacterial drug ( have a look at this fascinating NYT article from 1910 ) .
In the late 1980s it was tried as a treatment for manic - depressive disorder and found to be useful .
Is this seems surprising , you may be interested to know that methylene blue was the basic compound from which the first antipsychotic drug chlorpromazine or Thorazine was made ( in case you ’re wondering , this family of antipsychotics can also work as anti-bacterial drugs , but have not been used due to other drugs having less side - effects ) .
If this is really just methylene blue , what this means in financial terms is that the drug ca n’t be patented .
In other words , anyone can make the drug which means its much harder to make money on it as pricing becomes competitive .
In contrast , a patent gives you a time - limited monopoly – albeit one that can earn billions .
A widely available cheap generic drug that treats a major disease is actually a fantastic thing for society , but developing them is not typical behaviour for pharmaceutical companies who tend to shun unpatentable drugs .
Also , it ’s probably true to say that the history of drug development shows a typical three stage process :
1 . We ’ve found a miracle cure !
2 . We ’ve found a miracle cure , but it can kill people .
3 . It ’s not a miracle cure , it can kill people , but it ’s worth the risk in many cases .
So , time will tell how useful it is in the real world , but pretty much everyone has their fingers crossed that it will work out as a useful treatment .
Link to write - up from The Telegraph .
A Phase IIb Trial of a Tau Aggregation Inhibitor Therapy
[ Press Release from Alzheimer ’s Association International Conference on Alzheimer ’s Disease 2008 .
Original here ]
As an alternative to anti-amyloid therapies for Alzheimer ’s , researchers continue to examine a variety of treatments and targets with the potential to curb the disease .
This includes presenting data supporting the viability of therapies targeting tau protein and its aggregation into the “ tangles ” originally discovered by Alois Alzheimer .
Previous research has shown that the buildup of brain lesions known as neurofibrillary tangles , which are composed of a short fragment of a protein called tau , is correlated with increasing levels of dementia symptoms .
And , these tangles first appear in the brain long before symptoms of the disease become clinically apparent .
Methylthioninium chloride ( MTC , or brand name remberTM ) has been shown in the test tube to dissolve tau tangle filaments and prevent aggregation of tau into tangles .
MTC has also been shown to block the toxic effects of aggregated tau in cells .
In animal models , MTC has demonstrated cognitive and behavioral benefits in line with reduced tau pathology .
In research reported at ICAD 2008 , Claude M. Wischik , Professor in Mental Health , University of Aberdeen , United Kingdom and Chairman , TauRx Therapeutics , Singapore , and colleagues conducted a 24 - week , double - blind , randomized , dose - ranging , parallel design trial of MTC monotherapy in 321 people with Alzheimer ’s at 17 centers in the United Kingdom and Singapore , followed by a 60 - week , blinded , active treatment extension .
The control group received placebo for the initial 24 weeks and then a minimal efficacy dose subsequently .
The primary objective was to investigate the effects of oral MTC at 30 , 60 and 100 mg doses three times per day , compared with placebo , over 24 weeks on cognitive function as measured by the ADAS - cog in patients with mild or moderate Alzheimer ’s , stratified by stage of the disease .
Another objective was to determine MTC ’s potential to modify the course of Alzheimer ’s over 19 months .
Imaging results from SPECT and PET scans were collected at baseline and after 24 weeks of treatment .
The researchers found that , at 24 weeks , MTC produced a significant improvement relative to placebo of - 5.5 ADAS - cog units in moderate subjects at the 60 mg dose ( p = 0.0208 ) .
There was no placebo decline in people with mild Alzheimer ’s in the control group over the first 24 weeks preventing initial efficacy analysis , although efficacy was demonstrated in mild Alzheimer ’s by SPECT - scan outcomes over the same period .
MTC stabilized the progression of Alzheimer ’s over 50 weeks in both mild and moderate Alzheimer ’s .
The overall effect size was - 6.8 ADAS - cog units vs. decline of 7.8 units in the control arm ( p < 0.0001 ) , with significant efficacy demonstrated separately in mild and moderate subgroups .
According to the researchers , as a first approximation to supporting disease modifying efficacy , treatment with MTC at the 60mg dose produced a significantly larger effect size at 50 weeks than at 24 weeks implying an effect on the rate of cognitive decline ( p = 0.0014 ) .
This was confirmed in a mixed effects slope analysis , showing an 81 percent reduction of long run rate of progression of decline over 50 weeks ( p < 0.0001 ) .
The final 84 - week analysis confirmed the long term effect of the 60mg dose in subjects remaining on treatment , with apparent decline still not significantly different from baseline at the final assessment , whereas there was significant decline in the other study arms .
The researchers added that brain imaging using SPECT and PET confirmed the clinical trial results .
SPECT measures regional cerebral blood flow ( rCBF ) which is closely related to brain cell activity .
The study showed that treatment with MTC at the 60mg dose eliminated the rCBF decline that was seen in control subjects .
The effect was greatest in brain regions that had the most severe tau aggregation pathology , namely the hippocampus and the entorhinal cortex , which are regions affected early and most severely in Alzheimer’s .
“ This is the first instance of a disease - modifying Alzheimer ’s therapy that has attained its primary , pre-specified cognitive efficacy target in a clinical trial , ” said Wischik .
“ This trial therefore provides the first clinical trial evidence that an Alzheimer ’s therapy aimed at blocking tau aggregation may be a viable disease - modifying treatment .
We now need to confirm this in a larger Phase III trial . ”
“ Our results appear to meet the draft EMEA clinical guidelines for disease - modifying therapy , supported by SPECT and PET evidence of efficacy in brain regions heavily affected by tau pathology , ” Wischik added .
Senator Barack Obama - July 30 , 2008
Springfield , Missouri
I 've often said that this election represents a defining moment in our history .
On major issues like the war in Iraq or the warming of our planet , the decisions we make in November and over the next few years will shape a generation , if not a century .
That is especially true when it comes to our economy .
Most of you probably know this - not just because whenever you open the paper or turn on the TV , you see reports of more job losses , more foreclosures , and prices rising at the pump , but because you feel the effects of all this every single day .
You 're working harder than ever to pay bills that are bigger than ever .
You 're driving less and saving less .
You 're struggling to balance work and family .
You 're worried about the value of your home and whether you 'll be able to afford college for your kids and still retire at a decent age .
For millions of families , these anxieties seem to be growing worse with each passing day , causing many people to lose faith in that fundamental promise of America - that no matter where you come from , or what you look like , or who your parents are , this is a country where you can make it if you try .
Now , part of the reason people are struggling is due to fundamental changes in our economy .
Over the last few decades , revolutions in technology and communication have made it so that corporations can send good jobs wherever there 's an internet connection .
Children here in Missouri are n't just growing up competing for good jobs with children in California or Indiana , but with children in China and India as well .
But what we also have to remember is that it was n't simply globalization or a normal part of the business cycle that got us where we are today .
It was irresponsible decisions that were made on Wall Street and in Washington .
In the past few years , we have relearned the essential truth that in the long run , we cannot have a thriving Wall Street and a struggling Main Street .
When wages are flat , prices are rising and more and more Americans are mired in debt , the economy as a whole suffers .
When a reckless few game the system , as we 've seen in this housing crisis , millions suffer and we 're all impacted .
When special interests put their thumb too heavily on the scale , and distort the free market , those who compete by the rules come in last .
And when government fails to meet its obligation - to provide sensible oversight and stand on the side of working people and invest in their future - America pays a heavy price .
So we have a choice to make in this election .
We can either choose a new direction for our economy , or we can keep doing what we 've been doing .
My opponent believes we 're on the right course .
He 's said our economy has made great progress these past eight years .
He 's embraced the Bush economic policies and promises to continue them .
Our country and the working families of Missouri cannot afford that .
These policies have n't worked for the past eight years and they wo n't work now .
We need to leave these policies in the past where they belong .
It 's time for something new .
It 's time to restore balance and fairness to our economy so it works for all Americans , recognizing that we must grow together , Wall Street and Main Street , profits and wages .
That starts with giving immediate relief to families who are one illness or foreclosure or pink slip away from disaster .
To help folks who are having trouble filling up their gas tank , I 'll provide an energy rebate .
To help hardworking Americans meet rising costs , I 'll put a $ 1,000 tax cut in the pockets of 95 % of workers and their families , including 3 million folks here in Missouri .
To help end this housing crisis , I 'll provide relief to struggling homeowners .
And to protect retirement security , I 'll eliminate taxes for seniors making under $ 50,000 a year .
If Senator McCain wants a debate about taxes in this campaign , that 's a debate I 'm happy to have .
Because while we 're both proposing tax cuts , the difference is who we 're cutting taxes for .
Senator McCain would cut taxes for those making over $ 3 million .
I 'll cut taxes for middle class families by three times as much as my opponent .
Let me be clear : if you 're a family making less than $ 250,000 , my plan will not raise your taxes - not your income taxes , not your payroll taxes , not your capital gains taxes , not any of your taxes .
And unlike my opponent , I 'll pay for my plan - by cutting wasteful spending , shutting corporate loopholes and tax havens , and rolling back the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans .
But in this election , we can do something more than just provide short - term relief .
We can secure our long - term prosperity and strengthen America 's competitiveness in the 21st century .
It wo n't be easy .
It wo n't happen overnight .
But I refuse to accept that we cannot meet the challenges of our global economy .
I 'm running for President because I believe we can choose our own economic destiny .
We can choose to go another four years with the same reckless fiscal policies that have busted our budget , wreaked havoc in our economy , and mortgaged our children 's future on a mountain of debt ; or we can restore fiscal responsibility in Washington .
We can go another four years with a broken health care system that 's leaving millions uninsured , driving millions more to financial ruin , and making it harder for manufactures to compete ; or we can finally solve our health care crisis once and for all .
We can guarantee health care for anyone who wants it , make it affordable for anyone who needs it , and cut costs for businesses and their workers by picking up the tab for some of the most expensive illnesses and conditions .
We can choose to do nothing about disappearing jobs and shuttered factories for another four years , or we can encourage job creation in the United States of America .
We can end tax breaks for corporations that ship jobs overseas and give them to companies that create jobs here in this country .
We can make sure that our trade agreements work for both Wall Street and Main Street .
And we can create nearly two million jobs by investing in our crumbling infrastructure and building new schools , roads , and bridges .
And if anybody tells you we can't afford to make these investments , you just tell them that if we can spend $ 10 billion a month in Iraq , we can invest some of that money right here in the United States of America .
That 's what we can do in this election .
The choice is ours .
We can go another four years without truly solving our energy crisis ; we can choose my opponent 's plan to give $ 4 billion in tax breaks to oil companies at a time when they 're making record profits , or we can finally make America energy independent so that we 're less vulnerable to oil price shocks and $ 4 a gallon gas .
We can invest in renewable energies like wind power , solar power , and the next generation biofuels .
And we can create up to five million new , green jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced .
That 's what we can choose to do in this election .
We can choose to stay mired in the same education debate that 's consumed Washington for decades , or we can provide every child with a world - class education so they have the skills to compete and succeed in our global economy .
We can invest in early childhood education , recruit an army of qualified teachers with better pay and more support , and finally make college affordable by offering an annual $ 4,000 tax credit in exchange for community or national service .
These are the choices we face in November .
We can choose to remain on the path that 's gotten our economy into so much trouble , or we can reclaim the idea that in this country , opportunity is open to anyone who 's willing to work for it .
In the end , that 's all most Americans are asking for .
It 's not a lot .
The people I 've met during this campaign in town halls and living rooms ; on farms and front porches - they know that government can't solve all their problems , and they do n't expect it to .
They 're willing to do their part - to work harder and study more and replace the remote controls and video games with books and homework .
They believe in personal responsibility and self - reliance .
They do n't like seeing their tax dollars wasted .
But they also believe in an America where jobs are there for the willing ; where hard work is rewarded with a decent living ; and where you can actually build a better life for your children and grandchildren .
That 's the promise of this country , and I believe we can keep it if we choose a new direction for our economy , a different course for our country , and get to work in the months and years ahead .
Thank you .
Editor ’s note : Originally posted on TomDispatch.com .
Most Americans have a rough idea what the term “ military - industrial complex ” means when they come across it in a newspaper or hear a politician mention it .
President Dwight D. Eisenhower introduced the idea to the public in his farewell address of January 17 , 1961 .
“ Our military organization today bears little relation to that known by any of my predecessors in peacetime , ” he said , “ or indeed by the fighting men of World War II and Korea …
We have been compelled to create a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions …
We must not fail to comprehend its grave implications …
We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military - industrial complex . ”
Although Eisenhower ’s reference to the military - industrial complex is , by now , well - known , his warning against its “ unwarranted influence ” has , I believe , largely been ignored .
Since 1961 , there has been too little serious study of , or discussion of , the origins of the military - industrial complex , how it has changed over time , how governmental secrecy has hidden it from oversight by members of Congress or attentive citizens , and how it degrades our Constitutional structure of checks and balances .
From its origins in the early 1940s , when President Franklin Delano Roosevelt was building up his “ arsenal of democracy , ” down to the present moment , public opinion has usually assumed that it involved more or less equitable relations — often termed a “ partnership ” — between the high command and civilian overlords of the United States military and privately - owned , for - profit manufacturing and service enterprises .
Unfortunately , the truth of the matter is that , from the time they first emerged , these relations were never equitable .
In the formative years of the military - industrial complex , the public still deeply distrusted privately owned industrial firms because of the way they had contributed to the Great Depression .
Thus , the leading role in the newly emerging relationship was played by the official governmental sector .
A deeply popular , charismatic president , FDR sponsored these public - private relationships .
They gained further legitimacy because their purpose was to rearm the country , as well as allied nations around the world , against the gathering forces of fascism .
The private sector was eager to go along with this largely as a way to regain public trust and disguise its wartime profit - making .
In the late 1930s and early 1940s , Roosevelt ’s use of public - private “ partnerships ” to build up the munitions industry , and thereby finally overcome the Great Depression , did not go entirely unchallenged .
Although he was himself an implacable enemy of fascism , a few people thought that the president nonetheless was coming close to copying some of its key institutions .
The leading Italian philosopher of fascism , the neo-Hegelian Giovanni Gentile , once argued that it should more appropriately be called “ corporatism ” because it was a merger of state and corporate power .
( See Eugene Jarecki ’s The American Way of War , p. 69 . )
Some critics were alarmed early on by the growing symbiotic relationship between government and corporate officials because each simultaneously sheltered and empowered the other , while greatly confusing the separation of powers .
Since the activities of a corporation are less amenable to public or congressional scrutiny than those of a public institution , public - private collaborative relationships afford the private sector an added measure of security from such scrutiny .
These concerns were ultimately swamped by enthusiasm for the war effort and the postwar era of prosperity that the war produced .
Beneath the surface , however , was a less well recognized movement by big business to replace democratic institutions with those representing the interests of capital .
This movement is today ascendant .
( See Thomas Frank ’s new book , The Wrecking Crew : How Conservatives Rule , for a superb analysis of Ronald Reagan ’s slogan “ government is not a solution to our problem , government is the problem . ” )
Its objectives have long been to discredit what it called “ big government , ” while capturing for private interests the tremendous sums invested by the public sector in national defense .
It may be understood as a slow - burning reaction to what American conservatives believed to be the socialism of the New Deal .
Perhaps the country ’s leading theorist of democracy , Sheldon S. Wolin , has written a new book , Democracy Incorporated , on what he calls “ inverted totalitarianism ” — the rise in the U.S. of totalitarian institutions of conformity and regimentation shorn of the police repression of the earlier German , Italian , and Soviet forms .
He warns of “ the expansion of private ( i.e. , mainly corporate ) power and the selective abdication of governmental responsibility for the well - being of the citizenry . ”
He also decries the degree to which the so - called privatization of governmental activities has insidiously undercut our democracy , leaving us with the widespread belief that government is no longer needed and that , in any case , it is not capable of performing the functions we have entrusted to it .
Wolin writes :
“ The privatization of public services and functions manifests the steady evolution of corporate power into a political form , into an integral , even dominant partner with the state .
It marks the transformation of American politics and its political culture , from a system in which democratic practices and values were , if not defining , at least major contributory elements , to one where the remaining democratic elements of the state and its populist programs are being systematically dismantled . ” ( p. 284 )
Mercenaries at Work
The military - industrial complex has changed radically since World War II or even the height of the Cold War .
The private sector is now fully ascendant .
The uniformed air , land , and naval forces of the country as well as its intelligence agencies , including the CIA ( Central Intelligence Agency ) , the NSA ( National Security Agency ) , the DIA ( Defense Intelligence Agency ) , and even clandestine networks entrusted with the dangerous work of penetrating and spying on terrorist organizations are all dependent on hordes of “ private contractors . ”
In the context of governmental national security functions , a better term for these might be “ mercenaries ” working in private for profit - making companies .
Tim Shorrock , an investigative journalist and the leading authority on this subject , sums up this situation devastatingly in his new book , Spies for Hire : The Secret World of Intelligence Outsourcing .
The following quotes are a précis of some of his key findings :
“ In 2006 … the cost of America ’s spying and surveillance activities outsourced to contractors reached $ 42 billion , or about 70 percent of the estimated $ 60 billion the government spends each year on foreign and domestic intelligence …
[ The ] number of contract employees now exceeds [ the CIA ’s ] full - time workforce of 17,500 …
Contractors make up more than half the workforce of the CIA ’s National Clandestine Service ( formerly the Directorate of Operations ) , which conducts covert operations and recruits spies abroad …
“ To feed the NSA ’s insatiable demand for data and information technology , the industrial base of contractors seeking to do business with the agency grew from 144 companies in 2001 to more than 5,400 in 2006 …
At the National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) , the agency in charge of launching and maintaining the nation ’s photoreconnaissance and eavesdropping satellites , almost the entire workforce is composed of contract employees working for [ private ] companies …
With an estimated $ 8 billion annual budget , the largest in the IC [ intelligence community ] , contractors control about $ 7 billion worth of business at the NRO , giving the spy satellite industry the distinction of being the most privatized part of the intelligence community …
“ If there ’s one generalization to be made about the NSA ’s outsourced IT [ information technology ] programs , it is this : they have n’t worked very well , and some have been spectacular failures …
In 2006 , the NSA was unable to analyze much of the information it was collecting …
As a result , more than 90 percent of the information it was gathering was being discarded without being translated into a coherent and understandable format ; only about 5 percent was translated from its digital form into text and then routed to the right division for analysis .
“ The key phrase in the new counterterrorism lexicon is ‘ public - private partnerships ’ …
In reality , ‘ partnerships ’ are a convenient cover for the perpetuation of corporate interests . ” ( pp. 6 , 13 - 14 , 16 , 214-15 , 365 )
Several inferences can be drawn from Shorrock ’s shocking exposé .
One is that if a foreign espionage service wanted to penetrate American military and governmental secrets , its easiest path would not be to gain access to any official U.S. agencies , but simply to get its agents jobs at any of the large intelligence - oriented private companies on which the government has become remarkably dependent .
These include Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) , with headquarters in San Diego , California , which typically pays its 42,000 employees higher salaries than if they worked at similar jobs in the government ; Booz Allen Hamilton , one of the nation ’s oldest intelligence and clandestine - operations contractors , which , until January 2007 , was the employer of Mike McConnell , the current director of national intelligence and the first private contractor to be named to lead the entire intelligence community ; and CACI International , which , under two contracts for “ information technology services , ” ended up supplying some two dozen interrogators to the Army at Iraq ’s already infamous Abu Ghraib prison in 2003 .
According to Major General Anthony Taguba , who investigated the Abu Ghraib torture and abuse scandal , four of CACI ’s interrogators were “ either directly or indirectly responsible ” for torturing prisoners .
( Shorrock , p. 281 )
Remarkably enough , SAIC has virtually replaced the National Security Agency as the primary collector of signals intelligence for the government .
It is the NSA ’s largest contractor , and that agency is today the company ’s single largest customer .
There are literally thousands of other profit - making enterprises that work to supply the government with so - called intelligence needs , sometimes even bribing Congressmen to fund projects that no one in the executive branch actually wants .
This was the case with Congressman Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham , Republican of California ’s 50th District , who , in 2006 , was sentenced to eight - and - a - half years in federal prison for soliciting bribes from defense contractors .
One of the bribers , Brent Wilkes , snagged a $ 9.7 million contract for his company , ADCS Inc.
( “ Automated Document Conversion Systems ” ) to computerize the century - old records of the Panama Canal dig !
A Country Drowning in Euphemisms
The United States has long had a sorry record when it comes to protecting its intelligence from foreign infiltration , but the situation today seems particularly perilous .
One is reminded of the case described in the 1979 book by Robert Lindsey , The Falcon and the Snowman ( made into a 1985 film of the same name ) .
It tells the true story of two young Southern Californians , one with a high security clearance working for the defense contractor TRW ( dubbed “ RTX ” in the film ) , and the other a drug addict and minor smuggler .
The TRW employee is motivated to act by his discovery of a misrouted CIA document describing plans to overthrow the prime minister of Australia , and the other by a need for money to pay for his addiction .
They decide to get even with the government by selling secrets to the Soviet Union and are exposed by their own bungling .
Both are sentenced to prison for espionage .
The message of the book ( and film ) lies in the ease with which they betrayed their country — and how long it took before they were exposed and apprehended .
Today , thanks to the staggering over - privatization of the collection and analysis of foreign intelligence , the opportunities for such breaches of security are widespread .
I applaud Shorrock for his extraordinary research into an almost impenetrable subject using only openly available sources .
There is , however , one aspect of his analysis with which I differ .
This is his contention that the wholesale takeover of official intelligence collection and analysis by private companies is a form of “ outsourcing . ”
This term is usually restricted to a business enterprise buying goods and services that it does not want to manufacture or supply in - house .
When it is applied to a governmental agency that turns over many , if not all , of its key functions to a risk - averse company trying to make a return on its investment , “ outsourcing ” simply becomes a euphemism for mercenary activities .
As David Bromwich , a political critic and Yale professor of literature , observed in the New York Review of Books :
“ The separate bookkeeping and accountability devised for Blackwater , DynCorp , Triple Canopy , and similar outfits was part of a careful displacement of oversight from Congress to the vice - president and the stewards of his policies in various departments and agencies .
To have much of the work parceled out to private companies who are unaccountable to army rules or military justice , meant , among its other advantages , that the cost of the war could be concealed beyond all detection . ”
Euphemisms are words intended to deceive .
The United States is already close to drowning in them , particularly new words and terms devised , or brought to bear , to justify the American invasion of Iraq — coinages Bromwich highlights like “ regime change , ” “ enhanced interrogation techniques , ” “ the global war on terrorism , ” “ the birth pangs of a new Middle East , ” a “ slight uptick in violence , ” “ bringing torture within the law , ” “ simulated drowning , ” and , of course , “ collateral damage , ” meaning the slaughter of unarmed civilians by American troops and aircraft followed — rarely — by perfunctory apologies .
It is important that the intrusion of unelected corporate officials with hidden profit motives into what are ostensibly public political activities not be confused with private businesses buying Scotch tape , paper clips , or hubcaps .
The wholesale transfer of military and intelligence functions to private , often anonymous , operatives took off under Ronald Reagan ’s presidency , and accelerated greatly after 9/11 under George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
Often not well understood , however , is this :
The biggest private expansion into intelligence and other areas of government occurred under the presidency of Bill Clinton .
He seems not to have had the same anti-governmental and neoconservative motives as the privatizers of both the Reagan and Bush II eras .
His policies typically involved an indifference to — perhaps even an ignorance of — what was actually being done to democratic , accountable government in the name of cost - cutting and allegedly greater efficiency .
It is one of the strengths of Shorrock ’s study that he goes into detail on Clinton ’s contributions to the wholesale privatization of our government , and of the intelligence agencies in particular .
Reagan launched his campaign to shrink the size of government and offer a large share of public expenditures to the private sector with the creation in 1982 of the “ Private Sector Survey on Cost Control . ”
In charge of the survey , which became known as the “ Grace Commission , ” he named the conservative businessman , J. Peter Grace , Jr. , chairman of the W.R. Grace Corporation , one of the world ’s largest chemical companies — notorious for its production of asbestos and its involvement in numerous anti-pollution suits .
The Grace Company also had a long history of investment in Latin America , and Peter Grace was deeply committed to undercutting what he saw as leftist unions , particularly because they often favored state - led economic development .
The Grace Commission ’s actual achievements were modest .
Its biggest was undoubtedly the 1987 privatization of Conrail , the freight railroad for the northeastern states .
Nothing much else happened on this front during the first Bush ’s administration , but Bill Clinton returned to privatization with a vengeance .
According to Shorrock :
“ Bill Clinton … picked up the cudgel where the conservative Ronald Reagan left off and … took it deep into services once considered inherently governmental , including high - risk military operations and intelligence functions once reserved only for government agencies .
By the end of [ Clinton ’s first ] term , more than 100,000 Pentagon jobs had been transferred to companies in the private sector — among them thousands of jobs in intelligence …
By the end of [ his second ] term in 2001 , the administration had cut 360,000 jobs from the federal payroll and the government was spending 44 percent more on contractors than it had in 1993 . ” ( pp. 73 , 86 )
These activities were greatly abetted by the fact that the Republicans had gained control of the House of Representatives in 1994 for the first time in 43 years .
One liberal journalist described “ outsourcing as a virtual joint venture between [ House Majority Leader Newt ] Gingrich and Clinton . ”
The right - wing Heritage Foundation aptly labeled Clinton ’s 1996 budget as the “ boldest privatization agenda put forth by any president to date . ” ( p. 87 )
After 2001 , Bush and Cheney added an ideological rationale to the process Clinton had already launched so efficiently .
They were enthusiastic supporters of “ a neoconservative drive to siphon U.S. spending on defense , national security , and social programs to large corporations friendly to the Bush administration . ” ( pp. 72-3 )
The Privatization — and Loss — of Institutional Memory
The end result is what we see today : a government hollowed out in terms of military and intelligence functions .
The KBR Corporation , for example , supplies food , laundry , and other personal services to our troops in Iraq based on extremely lucrative no -bid contracts , while Blackwater Worldwide supplies security and analytical services to the CIA and the State Department in Baghdad .
( Among other things , its armed mercenaries opened fire on , and killed , 17 unarmed civilians in Nisour Square , Baghdad , on September 16 , 2007 , without any provocation , according to U.S. military reports . )
The costs — both financial and personal — of privatization in the armed services and the intelligence community far exceed any alleged savings , and some of the consequences for democratic governance may prove irreparable .
These consequences include : the sacrifice of professionalism within our intelligence services ; the readiness of private contractors to engage in illegal activities without compunction and with impunity ; the inability of Congress or citizens to carry out effective oversight of privately - managed intelligence activities because of the wall of secrecy that surrounds them ; and , perhaps most serious of all , the loss of the most valuable asset any intelligence organization possesses — its institutional memory .
Most of these consequences are obvious , even if almost never commented on by our politicians or paid much attention in the mainstream media .
After all , the standards of a career CIA officer are very different from those of a corporate executive who must keep his eye on the contract he is fulfilling and future contracts that will determine the viability of his firm .
The essence of professionalism for a career intelligence analyst is his integrity in laying out what the U.S. government should know about a foreign policy issue , regardless of the political interests of , or the costs to , the major players .
The loss of such professionalism within the CIA was starkly revealed in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq ’s possession of weapons of mass destruction .
It still seems astonishing that no senior official , beginning with Secretary of State Colin Powell , saw fit to resign when the true dimensions of our intelligence failure became clear , least of all Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet .
A willingness to engage in activities ranging from the dubious to the outright felonious seems even more prevalent among our intelligence contractors than among the agencies themselves , and much harder for an outsider to detect .
For example , following 9/11 , Rear Admiral John Poindexter , then working for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) of the Department of Defense , got the bright idea that DARPA should start compiling dossiers on as many American citizens as possible in order to see whether “ data - mining ” procedures might reveal patterns of behavior associated with terrorist activities .
On November 14 , 2002 , the New York Times published a column by William Safire entitled “ You Are a Suspect ” in which he revealed that DARPA had been given a $ 200 million budget to compile dossiers on 300 million Americans .
He wrote , “ Every purchase you make with a credit card , every magazine subscription you buy and medical prescription you fill , every web site you visit and every e-mail you send or receive , every bank deposit you make , every trip you book , and every event you attend — all these transactions and communications will go into what the Defense Department describes as a ‘ virtual centralized grand database . ' ”
This struck many members of Congress as too close to the practices of the Gestapo and the Stasi under German totalitarianism , and so , the following year , they voted to defund the project .
However , Congress ’s action did not end the “ total information awareness ” program .
The National Security Agency secretly decided to continue it through its private contractors .
The NSA easily persuaded SAIC and Booz Allen Hamilton to carry on with what Congress had declared to be a violation of the privacy rights of the American public — for a price .
As far as we know , Admiral Poindexter ’s “ Total Information Awareness Program ” is still going strong today .
The most serious immediate consequence of the privatization of official governmental activities is the loss of institutional memory by our government ’s most sensitive organizations and agencies .
Shorrock concludes ,
“ So many former intelligence officers joined the private sector [ during the 1990s ] that , by the turn of the century , the institutional memory of the United States intelligence community now resides in the private sector .
That ’s pretty much where things stood on September 11 , 2001 . ” ( p. 112 )
This means that the CIA , the DIA , the NSA , and the other 13 agencies in the U.S. intelligence community cannot easily be reformed because their staffs have largely forgotten what they are supposed to do , or how to go about it .
They have not been drilled and disciplined in the techniques , unexpected outcomes , and know - how of previous projects , successful and failed .
As numerous studies have , by now , made clear , the abject failure of the American occupation of Iraq came about in significant measure because the Department of Defense sent a remarkably privatized military filled with incompetent amateurs to Baghdad to administer the running of a defeated country .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates ( a former director of the CIA ) has repeatedly warned that the United States is turning over far too many functions to the military because of its hollowing out of the Department of State and the Agency for International Development since the end of the Cold War .
Gates believes that we are witnessing a “ creeping militarization ” of foreign policy — and , though this generally goes unsaid , both the military and the intelligence services have turned over far too many of their tasks to private companies and mercenaries .
When even Robert Gates begins to sound like President Eisenhower , it is time for ordinary citizens to pay attention .
In my 2006 book Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic , with an eye to bringing the imperial presidency under some modest control , I advocated that we Americans abolish the CIA altogether , along with other dangerous and redundant agencies in our alphabet soup of sixteen secret intelligence agencies , and replace them with the State Department ’s professional staff devoted to collecting and analyzing foreign intelligence .
I still hold that position .
Nonetheless , the current situation represents the worst of all possible worlds .
Successive administrations and Congresses have made no effort to alter the CIA ’s role as the president ’s private army , even as we have increased its incompetence by turning over many of its functions to the private sector .
We have thereby heightened the risks of war by accident , or by presidential whim , as well as of surprise attack because our government is no longer capable of accurately assessing what is going on in the world and because its intelligence agencies are so open to pressure , penetration , and manipulation of every kind .
[ Note to Readers : This essay focuses on the new book by Tim Shorrock , Spies for Hire : The Secret World of Intelligence Outsourcing , New York : Simon & Schuster , 2008 .
Other books noted : Eugene Jarecki’s The American Way of War : Guided Missiles , Misguided Men , and a Republic in Peril , New York : Free Press , 2008 ; Thomas Frank , The Wrecking Crew : How Conservatives Rule , New York : Metropolitan Books , 2008 ; Sheldon Wolin , Democracy Incorporated : Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2008 . ]
Chalmers Johnson is the author of three linked books on the crises of American imperialism and militarism .
They are Blowback ( 2000 ) , The Sorrows of Empire ( 2004 ) , and Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic ( 2006 ) .
All are available in paperback from Metropolitan Books .
It appears that government officials love to help each other out .
The committee running the DNC in Denver , according to the Rocky Mountain News , has been allowed by the city council to use Denver ’s public works gas pumps .
What makes this particularly interesting is how the committee avoids federal and state taxes , and looks to pocket a profit of $ 466,125 .
Yeah , basically a cool half million to pad their coffers .
Denver must have at least one council member with some level of comon sense .
Here ’s her take :
“ There ’s something there that just does n’t seem right to me because , in a sense , you ’re saying then that the officials who pass the laws are not willing to live by them , and that concerns me , ” Councilwoman Jeanne Faatz said . [… ]
“ I am just troubled by not having the payment of taxes for what I consider to be a privately funded party , and that ’s what the host committee is : it ’s a private organization , ” she said .
“ The DNC is not government .
The RNC is not government , ” said Faatz , who , at the time , had been told that the “ same exact thing ” was happening in Minneapolis - St. Paul .
Funny thing is , here in Minnesota , the host of September ’s RNC , the Republicans were n’t afforded tax - free gas .
Continuing from the article :
Teresa McFarland , a spokeswoman for the Minneapolis - St .
Paul host committee , said they ’re getting their gas at the pump .
“ We ’re not getting a tax break on fuel , ” she said .
“ That ’s not the set - up at this end . ”
Is anyone really surprised that strings are pulled like this ?
Not I .
UPDATE 7/23 @ 8:30a :
The city makes off like a crook in this as well .
Their cute business venture wo n’t pay income taxes , either .
Not only is this deal removing road taxes , but it is also removing general fund taxes , which might also go to state services .
It really is , as Councilwoman Faatz said : “ the officials who pass the laws are not willing to live by them . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US and Poland have signed a deal to locate part of the US 's controversial missile defence system on Polish soil .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice travelled to Warsaw for the ceremony , after 18 months of negotiations .
The deal has angered Russia , which has warned the base could become a target for a nuclear strike .
Washington says the system will protect the US and much of Europe against missile attacks from " rogue elements " in the Middle East such as Iran .
See map of US missile system ' Aimed at no - one ' Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said the negotiations had been " tough , but friendly " , adding that the deal would make both Poland and the US more secure .
INTERCEPTOR MISSILES
Look like ordinary missiles , but warheads are not loaded Intended to destroy target with kinetic energy Closing speed at interception is 24,000 km / h ( 15,000mph )
Guide to US missile shield Ms Rice said the signing of the document was an extraordinary occasion , adding that the agreement would help Nato , Poland and the US respond to " the threats of the 21st Century " .
Speaking during the signing ceremony at the presidential palace in Warsaw , she emphasised that the missile system was " defensive and aimed at no - one " .
While Washington believes placing 10 interceptor missiles on a disused military base near Poland 's Baltic Sea coast will protect much of Nato against possible long - range attacks , Warsaw sees threats much closer to home , says the BBC's Adam Easton in Warsaw .
That is why it demanded - in exchange for hosting the base - short - range Patriot missiles for its own air defences and a guarantee that the US will come to its assistance in the event of an attack , our correspondent adds .
Moscow infuriated
The demands had delayed the deal 's completion , but the conflict in Georgia gave the negotiations more impetus , says the BBC's Kim Ghattas , who is travelling with Ms Rice .
Both the US and Poland say the system is not aimed against Russia .
But the agreement has infuriated Moscow , our correspondent adds .
Russia 's deputy chief of general staff , Gen Anatoly Nogovitsyn , said last week the plans for a missile base in Poland " could not go unpunished " .
HAVE YOUR SAY For Poland this is sheer folly to become a pawn in the battle between the US and Russia John Li , Hong Kong " It is a cause for regret that at a time when we are already in a difficult situation , the American side further exacerbates the situation in relations between the United States and Russia , " he said .
Moscow has argued the project will upset the military balance in Europe and has warned it will be forced to redirect its missiles at Poland .
But Polish President Lech Kaczynski stressed the missile defence shield was purely a defensive system and not a threat .
" For that reason , no - one who has good intentions towards us and towards the Western world should be afraid of it , " he said on Wednesday .
Before the conflict in Georgia there was a reasonable amount of popular opposition in Poland to the missile defence deal .
But new surveys show that for the first time a majority of Poles support it , with 65 % expressing fear of Russia .
Hitting a bullet
The interceptors look like ordinary missiles , stored in silos , with highly automated warheads that are not loaded with any explosives .
The agreement was signed by Condoleezza Rice and Radek Sikorski
If fired , the missile is intended to home in on and destroy its target , above the atmosphere , due to the kinetic energy of the collision .
But the closing speed of interceptor and target will be 24,000 km/h ( 15,000 mph ) , making the task more difficult than hitting a bullet with another bullet .
The US has spent more than $ 100 bn ( £ 54bn ) in the last two decades on its controversial project to develop defences against ballistic missiles .
Critics say that , despite all that money , the Pentagon still has not proved the system can work in realistic conditions .
Last month , the US signed an agreement with the Czech Republic to base tracking radars there as part of the defence system .
Washington wants the sites to be in operation by about 2012 .
Return to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In addition to blocking traffic from websites they do n’t like , it looks like the web - geniuses behind the American Family Association ’s OneNewsNow site have a few other tricks up their sleeves , such as automatically replacing any use of the word “ gay ” with the word “ homosexual ” in any of the AP stories they run … leading to instances in which proper names are reformatted to meet their ridiculous standard , such as this article about sprinter Tyson Gay winning the 100 meters at the U.S. Olympic track and field trials in which he is renamed “ Tyson Homosexual ” :
Though AFA has since corrected its article , it looks like this auto - replace feature has been embarrassing them for quite some time now :
And while they may have fixed this particular instance , it looks like they have n’t gone back through their archives and corrected other articles where this happened , such as this article where professional basketball player Rudy Gay is referred to as “ Rudy Homosexual . ”
Nvidia pitches its Tesla hardware as a magical solution for the world ’s toughest computing problems .
Just move your code that runs well across many processors over to the Tesla boards , and Shazam !.
You enjoy sometimes 400 per cent improvements in overall performance .
Despite such mind - blowing increases in horsepower , Tesla continues to occupy a space that one could characterize as ultra-niche .
Only the brave few have navigated Nvidia ’s CUDA programming apparatus to tweak their code for the general purpose graphics processors inside of the Tesla systems .
That ultra-niche , however , may grow into a niche over the coming year thanks to the introduction of more powerful Tesla systems .
Key to the release today of the Tesla - 10 Series processor is the presence of 64 - bit , double - precision floating point support .
This upgrade lets Nvidia take better care of high performance computing customers – those who make heavy use of mathematical operations – who will likely drive Tesla ’s early success .
The Tesla - 10 Series chip ships with 240 processing cores – up from 128 cores in the previous product .
Although , these are not the beefy cores associated with general purpose chips made by Intel , AMD and others .
Instead , they ’re little babies that have previously just handled graphics jobs .
Overall , the new chip boasts 1.4bn transistors and 1 Teraflop of computing muscle .
That 1 Teraflop figure is up from half a Teraflop with the older Tesla 8 chip .
In addition , the new Tesla chip kicks memory support up to 4GB from 1.5GB , and that ’s again a key leap forward for placating the HPC crowd .
The base unit inside of a Tesla chip has been dubbed a Thread Processor Array ( TPA ) .
The TPA consists of eight cores , which all have access to a shared memory bank .
Nvidia then combines 30 of the TPAs to make a full Tesla 10 chip .
Those customers looking to get into the Tesla game have a couple of system options .
Nvidia has rolled out the S1070 box , which is a 1U unit that contains 4 of the Tesla 10 chips .
So , that ’s 960 cores running at 1.5GHz , reaching 4 Teraflops of performance .
The system also holds 16GB of memory , has peak memory bandwidth of 408GB / sec and consumes 700 watts .
Tale of the Tesla Tape
You ’ll need to connect the S1070 to a host server with a general purpose CPU via a pair of PCIe Gen2 cables .
If an entire box is n’t your thing , then Nvidia offers up the C1060 , which is a cigarette carton - sized device that plugs into the PCIe slot on a motherboard .
This puppy holds a single Tesla 10 chip clocked at 1.33GHz , has 4GB of memory and eats up 160 watts .
It also has an on - board fan , which is a bit of worry if you think about packing a cluster full of these systems .
Damn those moving parts !
Advertisements
Republican presidential candidate John McCain held a town hall meeting in New York City that was carried live on Fox News tonight that was billed as town hall with Democrats and Independents .
The problem is that this was n’t really true .
The McCain campaign pre-screened the audience , and invited only supporters to attend .
DNC Chairman Howard Dean said , “ Once again John McCain ’s campaign is trying to mislead the American people .
Senator McCain should understand that after seven years of a President who has divided Americans and pursued a scorched earth policy full of misleading propaganda campaigns , we need a leader who understands he is the President for all Americans not just his supporters .
Copying the Bush campaign model of stacking events with his prescreened supporters is not the transparency Americans are looking for .
If that is Senator McCain ’s idea of straight talk , the American people are in for a long and disappointing campaign season . ”
The world found out about the McCain campaign ’s deception from Fox News anchor Sheppard Smith who said , “ I reported at the top of this hour that the campaign had told us at Fox News that the audience would be made up of Republicans , Democrats , and independents .
We have now received a clarification from the campaign and I feel I should pass it along to you .
Advertisements
The McCain campaign distributed tickets to supporters , Mayor Bloomberg , who of course is a registered Republican , and other independent groups . ”
You know , I could have sworn that I heard the McCain campaign touting this town hall meeting as featuring Democrats and Independents .
I know that they are desperate to cast John McCain as a maverick with across the board appeal , but lying about the composition of his audience for town hall meetings is not the way to do it .
The truth is that Obama ’s events attract thousands , and McCain ’s hundreds .
John McCain is no more a man of change then George W. Bush was a , “ reformer with results . ”
I agree with Dean , if this is the way that the McCain campaign is going to do things , it is going to be a very long fall campaign .
Dean ’s Statement
In the Constitution , Article II , Section 1 .
See the link below .
The text of the oath is as follows : I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States ; and will , to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend , the Constitution of the United States .
In recent protests , Amnesty supporters demanded China respect rights
The human rights situation in China has deteriorated in the run-up to its hosting of the Olympic Games this year , Amnesty International says .
It documents the use of " re-education through labour " , the suppression of rights activists and journalists , and the use of arbitrary imprisonment .
A spokesman urged world leaders due to attend the Games , opening in 10 days , to speak out against the violations .
But Beijing responded by saying people who understood China did not agree .
" I hope that Amnesty International can take off the tainted glasses they have been wearing for years and see China in a fair and objective way , and do something more constructive , " said spokesman Li Jianchao .
Beijing routinely denies allegations that it abuses human rights , arguing that recent reforms have improved the situation and saying its economic management has improved the quality of life of hundreds of millions of people .
The China Society for Human Rights Studies , which has links to the government , also dismissed the criticisms .
Xiong Lei , a member of the society and guest professor at Beijing University , said Amnesty reports " always say that China 's human rights situation is getting worse , but that is contrary to the feeling of most Chinese people " .
" We do feel that we have problems , but we are solving them and the human rights situation is getting better and better , " Ms Xiong told the BBC .
Olympic values ' undermined '
When it was awarded the chance to host the Games , China said it would uphold the values of human dignity associated with the Olympian tradition , says the BBC's Vaudine England in Hong Kong .
It promised an improvement in human rights , media freedom and better provision in health and education .
But Amnesty International says the opposite has occurred .
We 've seen a deterioration in human rights because of the Olympics
Roseann Rife
Amnesty International deputy programme director ( left )
Send us your comments
The report says that Chinese activists have been locked up , people have been made homeless , journalists have been detained , websites blocked , and the use of labour camps and prison beatings has increased .
" We 've seen a deterioration in human rights because of the Olympics , " said Roseann Rife , a deputy programme director for Amnesty International .
" Specifically we 've seen crackdowns on domestic human rights activists , media censorship and increased use of re-education through labour as a means to clean up Beijing and surrounding areas . "
The group names individual activists including Hu Jia , Yang Chunlin and Ye Guozhu as among those who have effectively been silenced by the government in the run-up to the Games .
Mark Allison , China researcher at Amnesty , urged leaders not to forget them .
" We continue to call on world leaders planning to attend the Games to speak out now to prevent the authorities from using their attendance as a tacit endorsement of violations perpetrated in preparation for the Olympics , " he said .
' Getting better ' China 's human rights record has proved troublesome to world leaders .
Earlier this month , French President Nicolas Sarkozy confirmed that he would attend the opening ceremony on 8 August .
But at one stage Mr Sarkozy said he had not ruled out boycotting the Olympics in protest over Chinese actions in Tibet .
His announcement followed that of US President George W Bush , who will also be present at the opening ceremony .
Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel and Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper plan to stay away , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown will attend the closing ceremony only .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Stewart : ' Government misled us into war ' less notable than lesbians kissing David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday June 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Last week , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released the long - delayed Phase II of its report on prewar intelligence , detailing " administration prewar statements that , on numerous occasions , misrepresented the intelligence and the threat from Iraq . "
The Daily Show's Jon Stewart saw this much - delayed release as major news .
" Man was it worth the wait ! " he proclaimed .
The committee had released Phase I , which largely laid the blame on the CIA for poor intelligence , in 2004 .
After that , the process stalled , even though as late as November 2005 , Republican Chairman Pat Roberts was promising , " We will finish it .
... I 've got tennis shoes and track shoes on for Phase II . "
Not until the Democrats took control of Congress did Phase II become a reality .
" The administration distorted the facts ... said things that they knew or should have known were not true , " current Chairman Jay Rockefeller stated bluntly in announcing the release .
" Wow ! " responded Stewart .
" There 's a headline !
' Government misled us into war . '
Or better yet , see the headline for yourself ! "
Stewart then turned to the websites of the major cable networks , looking for coverage of the story .
" Check it out on Fox News , " he began .
" Okay , they did n't actually ...
Let 's check out CNN 's main page .
Okay , not there .
Let 's try their US page -- oh , lesbians kiss at a Mariners game .
Wow . "
" Hey man , but that 's the Interwebs , " Stewart said apologetically .
" It 's a whole other world .
Let 's go back to the big three .
That 's where real Americans get their news . "
However , Stewart soon found that on ABC News , Charlie Gibson was more interested in a story about a French daredevil .
" Yes , " explained Stewart .
" He was climbing the New York Times building -- perhaps looking to read the story about the administration misleading us into a war that you did n't cover at all ! "
Even worse , Katie Couric at CBS was covering " web gossip . "
Finally , Brian Williams at NBC did mention Phase II -- but only in the form of a single - sentence reference , followed by a disclaimer that " most of the Republicans on the committee notably and sharply disagreed with some of the report 's findings . "
" You did n't say anything that was in the report ! " whimpered Stewart in despair .
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast June 9 , 2008 .
Download video
and speaking of oil , just when we were barely getting used to Big Oil and Iraq hitting the front pages of American newspapers in tandem , here comes Afghanistan !
Who now remembers that delegation of Taliban officials , shepherded by Unocal ( " We 're an oil and gas company .
We go where the oil and gas is " ) , back in 1999 , that made an all - expenses paid visit to the U.S.
There was even that side trip to Mt. Rushmore , while the company ( with U.S. encouragement ) was negotiating a $ 1.9 billion pipeline that would bring Central Asian oil and natural gas through Afghanistan to Pakistan ?
Oh , and who was a special consultant to Unocal on the prospective deal ?
Zalmay Khalilzad , our present neocon ambassador to the U.N. , George W. Bush 's former viceroy of Kabul and then Baghdad , and a rumored future " Afghan " presidential candidate .
Those pipeline negotiations only broke down definitively in August 2001 , one month before , well , you know and , as Toronto 's Globe and Mail columnist Lawrence Martin put it , " Washington was furious , leading to speculation it might take out the Taliban .
After 9/11 , the Taliban , with good reason , were removed -- and pipeline planning continued with the Karzai government .
U.S. forces installed bases near Kandahar , where the pipeline was to run .
A key motivation for the pipeline was to block a competing bid involving Iran , a charter member of the ' axis of evil . ' "
Well , speak of the dead and not - quite - buried .
It turns out that , in April , Turkmenistan , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and India ( acronymically TAPI ) signed a Gas Pipeline Framework Agreement to build a U.S. - backed $ 7.6 billion pipeline .
It would , of course , bypass Iran and new energy giant Russia , carrying Turkmeni natural gas and oil to Pakistan and India .
Construction would , theoretically , begin in 2010 .
Put the emphasis on " theoretically , " because the pipeline is , once again , to run straight through Kandahar and so directly into the heartland of the Taliban insurgency .
Pepe Escobar of Asia Times caught the spirit of the moment perfectly : " The government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , which cannot even provide security for a few streets in central Kabul , has engaged in Hollywood - style suspension of disbelief by assuring unsuspecting customers it will not only get rid of millions of land mines blocking TAPI 's route , it will get rid of the Taliban themselves . "
Nonetheless , as in Iraq , American ( and NATO ) troops could one day be directly protecting ( and dying for ) the investments of Big Oil in a new version of the old imperial " Great Game " with a special modern emphasis on pipeline politics .
There has been a flurry of reportage on the revived pipeline plan in Canada , where -- bizarrely enough -- journalists and columnists actually worry about such ephemeral possibilities as Canadian troops spending the next half century protecting Turkmeni energy .
If you happen to live in the U.S. , though , you would really have no way of knowing about such developments , no less their backstory , unless you were wandering the foreign press online .
Nick Turse , author of the indispensable new book , The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives , considers the Iraq oil story that did , at last , hit the mainstream news here ( only a few years late in the Great Game ) and offers suggestions for mainstream reporters now ready to pursue the story wherever it leads , even back into an ignored , and oily , past .
Tom
On June 19th , the New York Times broke the story in an article headlined " Deals with Iraq Are Set to Bring Oil Giants Back : Rare No-Bid Contracts , A Foothold for Western Companies Seeking Future Rewards . "
Finally , after a long five years - plus , there was proof that the occupation of Iraq really did have something or other to do with oil .
Quoting unnamed Iraqi Oil Ministry bureaucrats , oil company officials , and an anonymous American diplomat , Andrew Kramer of the Times wrote : " Exxon Mobil , Shell , Total and BP along with Chevron and a number of smaller oil companies , are in talks with Iraq 's Oil Ministry for no -bid contracts to service Iraq 's largest fields . "
The news caused a minor stir , as other newspapers picked up and advanced the story and the mainstream media , only a few years late , began to seriously consider the significance of oil to the occupation of Iraq .
As always happens when , for whatever reason , you come late to a major story and find yourself playing catch - up on the run , there are a few corrections and blind spots in the current coverage that might be worth addressing before another five years pass .
In the spirit of collegiality , I offer the following leads for the mainstream media to consider as they change gears from no -comment to hot - pursuit when it comes to the story of Iraq 's most sought after commodity .
I 'm talking , of course , about that " sea of oil " on which , as Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz pointed out way back in May 2003 , the month after Baghdad fell , Iraq " floats . "
All the News That 's Fit to Print Department
In a June 30th follow - up piece , the Times 's Kramer cited U.S. officials ( again unnamed ) as acknowledging the following : " A group of American advisers led by a small State Department team played an integral part in drawing up contracts between the Iraqi government and five major Western oil companies "
In addition , he asserted , this " disclosure is the first confirmation of direct involvement by the Bush administration in deals to open Iraq 's oil to commercial development and is likely to stoke criticism . "
This scoop , however , reflected none of the evidence -- long available -- of the direct involvement of Bush administration and U.S. occupation officials in Iraq 's oil industry .
In fact , since the taking of Baghdad in April 2003 , the name of the game has been facilitating relationships between Iraq and U.S. - based and allied Western energy firms when it came to what President Bush used to delicately call Iraq 's " patrimony " of " natural resources . "
For instance , almost a year ago , the Washington Post 's Walter Pincus drew attention to a call by Bush 's Commerce Department for " an international legal adviser who is fluent in Arabic ' to provide expert input , when requested ' to ' U.S. government agencies or to Iraqi authorities as they draft the laws and regulations that will govern Iraq 's oil and gas sector . ' "
The document went on to state that , " as part of a U.S. government inter-agency process , the U.S. Department of Commerce " would be " providing technical assistance to Iraq to create a legal and tax environment conducive to domestic and foreign investment in Iraq 's key economic sectors , starting with the mineral resources sector . "
This was no aberration .
Back in March 2006 , for instance , the U.S. Army issued a solicitation for a two - year contract " to allow any organization or entity to support IRMO [ Iraq Reconstruction Management Office ] ( U.S. Embassy Baghdad ) to deliver an effective capacity development program utilizing predominantly U.S. and European firms , universities , institutes and professional organizations for personnel within the Iraqi Ministry of Oil . .. "
This was to include participation in " development programs " offered by " private companies , " long - term development through " commercial training entities in the United States and Europe for Oil and Gas specialists from the Ministry of Oil , " and the implementation of " joint government - industry activities . "
Translated out of bureaucratic contract - ese , this meant that the U.S. would pay for programs to , among other things , enhance relationships between the Iraq Oil Ministry and you guessed it foreign firms .
In October 2006 , the Department of Commerce ( DOC ) put out a call for experts that was nearly identical to the later solicitation discovered by Pincus .
They were to aid a program facilitating " the creation of a legal and tax environment conducive to domestic and foreign investment in Iraqs [ sic ] key economic sectors , starting with the mineral resources sector " and provide " expertise to DOC , to other [ U.S. government ] agencies , or to Iraqi authorities on creating a legal and tax environment conducive to domestic and foreign investment in Iraqs [ sic ] oil and gas sector . "
Such an individual would , in fact , act " as a liaison between [ the DOC 's technical assistance arm ] and key stakeholders in Iraq ( such as Iraq 's Ministry of Oil , or the oil authorities in Kurdistan ) . "
In fact , the U.S. Trade and Development Agency notes that , in 2006 and 2007 , it funded a " $ 2.5 million multifaceted training program for the Iraqi Ministry of Oil " to " provide critical knowledge transfer and establish long - term relationships between the U.S. and Iraqi oil and gas industry public and private sector representatives . "
It 's worth recalling that Iraq 's oil bureaucrats , about to receive such " critical knowledge " and " expertise , " were not exactly neophytes in the world of oil management .
They had effectively managed the Iraqi oil industry from the time the five oil majors now slated to receive those " service contracts " were tossed out of Iraq , when its industry was nationalized in 1972 , until the invasion of 2003 .
They had kept the country 's oil infrastructure going even after the disaster of the First Gulf War of 1990 - 1991 , even through all the desperate final years of sanctions against Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The Pentagon - Petroleum Partnership
Another connection , long ignored in the mainstream , that reporters like Kramer might consider pursuing when it comes to the complex ties among Iraqi officials , the Bush administration , the Department of Defense ( DoD ) , and Big Oil is the overt Pentagon connection .
The DoD is , as national security expert Noah Shachtman notes , " the world 's largest energy consumer . "
And , when it comes to Pentagon gas - guzzling , its post - 9/11 wars and occupations , especially in Iraq , have been a boon .
While the Bush administration has been working overtime to clear the path for Big Oil 's return to Iraq , the Pentagon has been paying out staggering amounts of U.S. taxpayer dollars to the very oil majors now negotiating with Iraq 's Ministry of Oil .
According to recent reports , the proposed Iraqi service contracts , which may be paid off in cash or crude oil , will be worth $ 500 million each .
That is roughly what the Pentagon paid out on June 18th alone -- the day before the Times broke its story about Big Oil 's return to Iraq -- for natural gas and aviation fuel .
Over half the total amount , in excess of $ 268 million , was handed over to one of the oil giants set to benefit from the Iraq deal : BP ( formerly British Petroleum ) .
Only days earlier , two of the other majors from the coterie of potential no - bid contractors , Exxon Mobil and Chevron , nabbed contracts from the DoD -- in Exxon Mobil 's case , a $ 73 million deal for gasoline and fuel oil ; in Chevron 's , a $ 16 million contract for aviation fuel .
Keep in mind , however , that -- although you wo n't learn this in your daily paper -- this has long been standard operating procedure .
Each of the oil giants named in the original New York Times piece -- Exxon Mobil , Shell , Total , BP , and Chevron -- regularly show up on the Pentagon 's payroll .
In fact , last year , Iraq 's new fave five took home more than $ 4.1 billion from the DoD -- with Shell leading the way with $ 2.1 billion .
It 's no secret that the Pentagon relies on vast quantities of oil to power the ships , planes , helicopters , heavy armor , and other ground vehicles essential to its occupation of Iraq , nor that it regularly pays out vast sums of taxpayer dollars to the very companies that U.S. advisors have aided in working out oil deals with the Iraq Oil Ministry .
Despite ample evidence of the Pentagon connection , this circular and mutually - reinforcing relationship has been almost totally ignored in the mainstream media .
But think of it this way :
Your tax dollars have given the Pentagon the opportunity to use up oil -- bought from the oil majors , in prodigious quantities -- in order to create a situation in Iraq in which those same majors will soon receive no - bid contracts to make money off the Iraqi oil industry and , if all goes well , get far better , longer term deals in the near future .
One Big , Happy , Oily Family
It turns out that , despite that story the Times broke as if something totally new were on the horizon , the Bush administration has been facilitating ties between the Iraqi government and foreign oil companies for years , and the same companies now likely to nab a no - bid toehold in Iraq 's oilfields are intimately tied in to the Pentagon to the tune of billions of dollars annually .
It 's worth noting that most of these firms have also been closely connected to Vice President Dick Cheney from the early days of the Bush administration .
In fact , executives from Exxon Mobil , Shell , and BP met behind closed doors with Cheney 's energy task force in 2001 , when the administration was pounding out its energy policies , according to a White House document obtained by the Washington Post .
The Government Accountability Office also found that Chevron was just one of several companies that " gave detailed energy policy recommendations " to the task force .
It 's almost impossible to tease out all the interconnections between Big Oil , the White House , the Pentagon , and the Iraqi Ministry of Oil , since they are tied together in a web of contracts and mutually supporting relationships built up over many years .
However , just in case the Times wants to set its staff loose on the recent past , there is no mistaking the many ties that exist .
( A small tip for Times researchers : Skip the Times archives .
They will be of little help . )
Should further evidence be necessary , when it comes to those U.S. advisors at work in Iraq , mainstream reporters need look no further than the solicitations sent out by the Iraqi Ministry of Oil itself .
Consider , for instance , a recent " tender " for a contractor to drill " two deep exploration wells " in the South Rumaila and Luhais oil fields in the Basra District of southern Iraq .
Not only does the solicitation ( the deadline for which is July 27 , 2008 ) contain special instructions for " Companies outside Iraq , " but it asks potential contractors to send their bids to the Ministry of Oil not in Arabic , but " in the English language . "
Nick Turse is the associate editor and research director of Tomdispatch.com .
He has written for the Los Angeles Times , the San Francisco Chronicle , Adbusters , the Nation , and regularly for Tomdispatch.com .
His first book , The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives , an exploration of the new military - corporate complex in America , was recently published by Metropolitan Books .
His website , Nick Turse.com has been newly revamped and expanded .
Copyright 2008 Nick Turse
Iowa City Welcomes a Police State
by Gregory Paul Johnson
Certain communities across America have long been recognized as ideal testing grounds for various commercial products and services as well as social programming studies .
For example , when a new product is introduced , it is often introduced in a test market first .
Iowa City is frequently chosen as a test market because of the diversity found in Iowa City ’s population .
Iowa City was recently selected as one of few communities to test “ red - light cameras . ”
A study recently done in Iowa shows that for an average intersection in Iowa City , there are about 3 traffic violations per hour involving people driving through red lights .
The study was done using video cameras mounted at intersections .
If you ’ve been to Iowa City , you have probably seen surveillance cameras mounted on top of the traffic signals at selected intersections .
These video cameras take your picture as you are driving through the intersection .
The eventual goal is to allow law enforcement to utilize the video from these cameras to convict traffic offenders and presumably other offenses through “ citizen surveillance . ”
Iowa City makes an ideal test market for such social experiments that have potential privacy or civil rights implications .
Iowa City is a bastion for ACLU - types and left wing radical thinkers .
It is a liberal think tank and intellectual community .
The Socialist Party and Green Party are strong and active in Iowa City .
Iowa City has a proud history of standing up for civil liberties .
Iowa City is one of the few communities in America designated as a Nuclear Free zone .
Given this backdrop , it is surprising that nobody has commented about the cameras being installed all over Iowa City to conduct surveillance of local citizens .
There are some other interesting incidents and legislative landmarks that seem to have gone unnoticed by Iowa City ’s liberal community :
(1) I know a woman who was recently riding her bike downtown .
Apparently she was riding her bike in a ‘ mobility restricted zone ’ so she was aggressively handcuffed , humiliated , treated abusively , put in the back of a squad car , and detained , for riding her bike outside of authorized and designated areas .
Nobody seems to be concerned about this .
There has been no public outcry .
(2) The front page news of the Daily Iowan this past Friday was of a 23 year - old college student who had some overdue books from the library .
The student was arrested by armed officers , he was charged with fourth degree theft , and he was put in jail on a $ 2,000 bond .
An Iowa City police investigator confirmed that the law provides for such treatment of people who have overdue materials .
Fourth degree theft is a serious misdemeanor punishable by up to a $ 1,500 fine and one year in jail .
To my knowledge , there has been no community response to this story and nobody has expressed concern .
(3) Last month we reported on the establishment of legal ghettos in Iowa City .
Those with certain criminal records are being told where they can and cannot live .
They are being punished not because they are breaking any law currently , but because they are suspected of possibly breaking the law in the future .
This is a practice similar to the concept presented in the movie The Minority Report .
This will certainly impact land values now that the lines are drawn and criminal - free zones are being established .
The only precedence for such legislation is probably that of Nazi Germany of World War II .
To my knowledge this local legislation passed and has been implemented without any expression of concern on the part of the public .
(4) A friend of mine recently went to cash a check at a local bank .
The person was asked to provide a thumb print before the transaction could be made and they were probably photographed as well .
The list goes on .
If a fascist , militant , high surveillance , police state can be established in Iowa City without any public outcry , concern , or comment , then it can likely be established anywhere in America .
We will keep you posted on further developments .
__________
* The above article appeared in the Resources for Life News for July 2002
Sliding into Recession Economic Tempest Overtakes Europe
Spain , Ireland and Denmark are either in a recession or on the brink .
France is weakening fast .
And Germany is suddenly faltering , dashing hopes that Europe could escape the upheaval in the United States .
Von Mark Landler
Yesterday I blogged about a rape case where the woman who was originally viewed as the victim was charged after forensic evidence indicated self - inflicted wounds rather than a stranger assault as she claimed .
Today I read about a new case where another woman who reported rape faces similar charges as reported by the Pocono Record .
This charge resulted from another type of contradictory evidence .
A verified alibi .
Police arrested a Pocono Pines woman after they say she admitted lying to investigators when she accused her ex-boyfriend of assault and rape .
Elissa Easterling , 27 , is accused of lying to Pocono Mountain Regional Police , and falsely accusing a man of beating and raping her . [...]
During the course of a month - long investigation after she told police she had been assaulted , police corroborated the man 's alibi and determined that Easterling had fabricated her reports .
Not surprisingly , this case has already been highlighted by several anti-feminists who see the case as supporting their pet theory about lying women .
What these anti-feminists do n't want to acknowledge is that the collection of evidence which cleared the accused man in this case is a direct result of the very thing these people are attacking .
The full and competent investigation of all rape reports .
But full and competent investigations take time which many anti-feminists view as an injustice even if the investigation exonerates the suspect .
Rape victims might have to wait months or years to have their rape kits processed , but rape suspects should n't have to wait even a single month .
A frequent source for this view is False Rape Allegations by Eugine J. Kanin , 1994 .
A key flaw in this study is revealed on page 2 under method .
First , its police agency is not inundated with serious felony cases and , therefore , has the freedom and the motivation to record and thoroughly pursue all rape complaints .
In fact , agency policy forbids police officers to use their discretion in deciding whether to officially acknowledge a rape complaint , regardless how suspect that complaint may be .
Second , the declaration of a false allegation follows a highly institutionalized procedure .
The investigation of all rape complaints always involves a serious offer to polygraph the complainants and the suspects .
Additionally , for a declaration of false charge to be made , the complainant must admit that no rape had occurred .
She is
the sole agent who can say that the rape charge is false .
The police department will not declare a rape charge as false when the complainant , for whatever reason , fails to pursue the charge or cooperate on the case , regardless
how much doubt the police may have regarding the validity of the charge .
In short , these cases are declared false only because the complainant admitted they are false .
Notice that all full investigations of rape included in this study involved either the use or suggestion of polygraph tests .
This indicates to me that investigators in that city lacked the skill or the will to do rape investigations without the unreliable crutch of the polygraph which current murder suspect Gerald Pabst passed twice before his testimony helped convict another man .
Recent DNA testing contradicted Pabst 's polygraph results .
Since investigators were not given the power to use their discretion about whether or not to investigate a rape case , investigators who did n't want to investigate had a clear motive for pushing those women they did n't believe into recanting ASAP .
The polygraph would have been a handy lever in achieving this goal .
In the rape cases over 9 years of the study investigators succeeded at getting 41 % of those who reported rape to recant .
That rate as a measure of verified false reports is invalid for 2 reasons .
1 ) Polygraphs are often used to induce confessions which turn out to be false and all rape investigations included the use or mention of polygraphs as standard procedure .
2 ) This methodology of investigation would likely intimidate many genuine rape victims away from reporting in the first place .
Not one of the allegedly false rape reports in Kanin's 9 - year study resulted from investigations and evidence which independently proved these women 's reports to be false .
That is highly significant , but this fact is ignored as if it were insignificant .
Rather than showing a verified rate of false reports at 41 % , Kanin 's study shows a verified rate of false reports at 0 % .
With the permanent taint which lack of competent and reliable investigations leave behind , the only practical reason for people to oppose full and competent investigations of all rape reports is to protect the guilty not the innocent .
When it comes to false reports and gender , I 'll quote Kanin :
If rape were a commonplace victimization experience of men , if men could experience the anxiety of possible pregnancy from illicit affairs , if men had a cultural base that would support their confidence in using rape accusations punitively , and if men could feel secure that victimization could elicit attention and sympathy , then men also would be making false rape accusations .
So what do these punitive men currently do to women instead of filing false rape reports against them ?
At least one of them , Clinton Lewis , kidnapped his estranged wife , a Fort Bliss soldier , and allegedly raped her , leaving a nasty crime scene behind which made her family fear that she had been murdered .
In these types of punitive actions a great outcome is the survival of the woman targeted .
Too many people make what happened to Easterling 's ex ( false claim of rape ) equivalent to what happened to Lewis 's estranged wife ( assault , kidnapping , rape ) .
I do n't agree -- which results in my being labeled by some people as irrational or hateful .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : legal , Violence Against Women
There have been some good news regarding the distribution specific packages .
Thanks to many of you , packages exist for most mainstream distributions - Kubuntu , openSUSE , Mandriva , Slackware , Gentoo and Arch .
I have n’t heard anything about Fedora and Debian yet , so any info would be appreciated .
Note that I have n’t tested these packages .
Apart from that , there is now a source package for those of you that do n’t like using SVN .
Most of the links to packages are available at the old address http://lancelot.fomentgroup.org/download.
Mandriva ’s package is in cooker .
Cheerio , and thanks for all the fish ( help ) . :)
p.s. Some of you have had some problems with the Parts applet .
I ’m not sure yet what is causing it , but will investigate it .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
Two of the world ’s most closely watched energy forecasters on Tuesday slashed predictions for output from oil fields outside the OPEC cartel in 2008 -- more bad news for a global economy struggling with record high oil prices and tight supply .
The dimming outlook for world production will keep the market on edge even as high prices hit consumers and cut into the pace of global demand growth .
The International Energy Agency , adviser to 27 industrial economies , cut its expectations for supply growth from countries outside OPEC to 460,000 barrels per day above 2007 levels , down from 680,000 bpd a month ago .
The U.S Energy Information Administration , the statistical arm of the Energy Department , cut its forecast for non-OPEC output growth nearly in half to 310,000 bpd from 600,000 bpd .
Both groups have consistently over - shot on non-OPEC supply growth in recent years , as soaring field costs and geopolitical constraints have wreaked havoc on official timelines .
Partly due to the dearth of supplies outside the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , the EIA raised its projections for 2008 oil prices by nearly 12 percent .
Benchmark West Texas Intermediate oil prices will average $ 122.15 a barrel , up from its previous forecast of $ 109.53 a barrel , the EIA predicted .
Oil prices hit a record near $ 140 a barrel last week , a seven - fold increase since 2002 that has been driven by surging demand from China and other developing countries .
The EIA said it was still accounting for a planned non-OPEC supply increase of 820,000 bpd later this year as big fields in Brazil and Azerbaijan come online .
But , given recent delays , the EIA hedged its bets on the probability of such supplies materializing as planned .
BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD
“ Given recent history , EIA believes that the pace and timing of non-OPEC supply growth will continue to be subject to possible delays in key projects and accelerating production declines in some older fields , ” the agency said .
The EIA has sifted through new data that paints a less rosy picture for supplies from three key producers -- Russia , Mexico and Brazil -- said Matt Cline , an economist at the agency .
In Russia , the world 's No. 2 oil exporter behind Saudi Arabia , a venture with LUKOIL LKOH.MM and U.S. - based ConocoPhillips COP.N to produce 160,000 bpd in Russia 's north has been repeatedly delayed .
In Mexico , production from the huge Cantarell offshore field plummeted by more than 30 percent in the first four months of 2008 , versus a year ago , Cline said .
“ Like everyone else , we had been expecting Cantarell to decline this year , ” Cline said .
“ But no one had been expecting it to decline by that much . ”
In Brazil , the EIA has dramatically increased its baseline for decline rates in some larger , more mature fields , especially in its offshore areas .
Cline said , “ based on some new data and some new analysis , we reevaluated what we saw as the underlying decline rate and we increased it ” to about 13 percent for some fields , versus about 10 percent previously .
EIA head Guy Caruso said the downward revisions would put more pressure on OPEC suppliers like Saudi Arabia to fill the gap , and will lead to tighter global spare capacity .
A resident fuels - up his car at a gas station in Miami Beach , June 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
“ Tight spare capacity means upward pressure on oil prices , ” Caruso told Reuters .
IT ’S TRICKY
The slower growth in supply from non-OPEC countries will keep supplies tight , despite weakening growth in demand , as high prices hit consumers , the EIA said .
And analysts must balance predictions for supply decreases with similar predictions for falling oil demand , both in the United States and globally .
“ It ’s a tricky situation , because supply is falling as fast as demand is , ” said Francisco Blanch of Merrill Lynch .
The IEA said global oil demand will rise by 800,000 bpd this year , 230,000 bpd less than its previous forecast , in part because developing Asian economies are moving to roll back fuel subsidies that sheltered consumers .
The EIA , meanwhile , cut its forecasts for U.S. demand by 100,000 bpd and global oil demand by 210,000 bpd in 2008 .
WASHINGTON - Senator Edward M. Kennedy , under treatment for brain cancer , made a brief , triumphant return to the Senate yesterday , stunning fellow lawmakers with a surprise appearance to vote on a critical Medicare bill that is central to the Massachusetts senator 's healthcare agenda .
His Senate colleagues had not expected to see Kennedy , who is being treated with radiation and chemotherapy , for several more weeks or longer .
Some feared that Kennedy , 76 , would never be well enough to return to the chamber where he has served for nearly 46 years .
But with just minutes to go in a vote to protect Medicare payments to doctors , Kennedy , beaming and laughing , walked through the back doors of the Senate chamber and gave Democrats the vote they needed to stop a Republican filibuster and pass the bill .
The entire chamber erupted in cheers and applause as Kennedy - flanked by his son , his best friend , the Democrats ' presidential nominee , and his fellow Massachusetts senator - strode into the well of the Senate floor .
Lawmakers from both parties mobbed him ; most shook Kennedy 's hand and a few pecked him on the cheek .
Then , Kennedy gazed up at the Senate clerk to do what he has done many thousands of times since he arrived in Washington in 1963 , but has been unable to do for more than a month : vote .
When the din had subsided , Kennedy raised his arms jubilantly and cast his first vote , signaling not only a victory for the legislation , but a temporary win over a deadly disease that has kept him from the job he loves since he was diagnosed May 20 .
" Aye , " he yelled , his arms high in the air .
Again , the packed chamber - filled with senators , staff , and spectators , including his wife , Victoria Reggie Kennedy , and his niece , Caroline Kennedy - exploded in celebration at the extraordinary moment .
" It was just a rush of emotion .
We love the man , " said Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois and the majority whip .
" The fact that he would make the sacrifice , and take the risk of coming here , means so much . "
" It was so Ted Kennedy to decide to come , and to cast the deciding vote on an issue he cares so deeply about and that he identifies with , " said Senator Susan M. Collins , Republican of Maine .
" Everybody on both sides [ of the aisle ] had tears in their eyes , " she said .
The bill would void a GOP effort to cut Medicare payments to doctors by 10.6 percent .
It also would weaken subsidies to health maintenance , discouraging seniors from abandoning Medicare for private HMOs .
Kennedy , who left quickly after the vote , told reporters afterward that he flew down from Massachusetts yesterday afternoon because he did not want to miss such an important vote on Medicare , a program he has fought to protect for decades .
Kennedy 's face seemed slightly bloated but he appeared otherwise well , with his shock of white hair and broad smile intact .
Bob Chapman | July 12 , 2008
From former Senator Phil Gramm 's mouth to God 's ears :
As quoted from the Washington Times :
" You 've heard of mental depression ; this is a mental recession , " Gramm told the Times .
He noted that growth has held up at about 1 percent despite all the publicity over losing jobs to India , China , illegal immigration , housing and credit problems and record oil prices .
" We may have a recession ; we have n't had one yet .
" We have sort of become a nation of whiners , " Gramm said .
" You just hear this constant whining , complaining about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline " despite a major export boom that is the primary reason that growth continues in the economy , he said .
" We 've never been more dominant ; we 've never had more natural advantages than we have today , " he said .
" We have benefited greatly " from the globalization of the economy in the last 30 years .
These quotes from former Senator Gramm , who is one of the most corrupt personalities of Washington politics and who we can only describe as the penultimate example of both a reprobate and a sociopath , will go down as the most false , crass and callous remarks in the history of American politics .
This may well have cost Dumbo Presidential candidate , John McCain , who Gramm advises on economic matters , the presidential election this November .
We are left stunned and speechless at the unmitigated arrogance and gall of this miscreant .
Under what rock , we ask , did the elitists ever find this ball of slime and detritus ?
Now mind you that this is the man who helped push through The Financial Modernization Act of 1999 , also known as the " Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , " which effectively repealed the Glass - Steagall Act which was passed during the Depression Era as a measure intended to avoid a repeat of the 1929 Stock Market Crash .
The Glass - Steagall
Act prohibited a bank from offering investment , commercial banking and insurance services , or from consolidating with other companies providing such services .
The ill - advised , spurious and egregious repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act is the single most important factor driving the subprime and credit - crunch debacles because it allowed rampant fraud and outrageous conflicts of interest to develop between different financial sectors , resulting in a complete breakdown of confidence and trust in our system of finance which has been destroyed right before your eyes .
" Gramm's Blunder " and " Greenspan 's Folly " together have powered the fraud and deceit that made the subprime debacle possible .
The passage of the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , more than any other causal factor , destroyed the due diligence and integrity of the entire financial sector , and paved the way for rampant and outrageous fraud by dismantling the usual system of checks and balances .
And then there was the Commodity Futures Modernization
Act which reprobate Gramm snuck through on an unsuspecting and uncomprehending Congress in the year 2000 .
This piece of work allowed the so - called Enron loophole which is currently being exploited by insolvent banks and other large financial institutions to speculate in oil futures .
This speculation is now driving oil prices into the ozone so that these insolvent Illuminist banksters can save their balance sheets while what is left of our hapless economy is destroyed in the process , a process that will ultimately destroy the world economy as well .
Mr. Gramm and his wife , Wendy , a former CFTC Chairwoman who later served on Enron 's board of directors , were involved in the infamous Enron scandal up to their eyebrows .
They are the ones who should have been on trial by the US government .
Even more toxic and mega - destructive than the Enron loophole is this act 's deregulation of credit default swaps , which are essentially insurance policies against bond losses .
Normally insurance products are regulated by the states , and this act keeps both the states and federal regulatory agencies such as the SEC and CFTC out of this arena .
These swaps are what powered the subprime debacle by providing insurance to cover what might otherwise have proven to be risky investments and such insurance was used to justify the bogus AAA ratings , which lured in the unsuspecting sucker - dupes .
The notional value of these swaps is in the tens of trillions of dollars and they are currently imploding as failing subprime borrowers , banks and business corporations default on their debts , adding to our current financial woes in spectacular fashion .
Mr. Gramm now works for Illuminist bank UBS , which has become the biggest victim of this toxic legislation .
No matter , performance is not an issue if you are an Illuminist piece of scum .
Apparently , at least according to Mr. Gramm , the destruction of our economy by profligate financial policies , powered by his toxic legislation , an out - of - control Fed and the elitist free trade - globalization agenda , is all a figment of your imagination .
You 're really not experiencing hyper- stagflation and runaway oil and food prices .
Never mind all the silly talk about negative GDP and severe recession , which our totally truthful and infallible government statistics prove do not exist .
Never mind the increasing trade deficits and lopsided balance of payments , as it is quite clear we are experiencing an export boom in our virtually nonexistent manufacturing sector .
And never mind that minimum wage service job you had to take after your previous lucrative job was off - shored or given to an illegal alien for a fraction of what you were paid , as it is clear that you are now a proud participant in our dynamic service sector whose slave labor now produces 80 % of our GDP .
By the way , you know that seemingly real unemployment line you are standing in right now due to off - shoring and outsourcing by Illuminist transnational conglomerates , well , that is just another phantasm .
So stop whining , pop another valium to drive away your thoughts of mental recession , and plug yourself into the electrodes of your Goldilocks Matrix pod .
Do n't worry , and be happy that people like Mr. Gramm are in charge of your financial well - being and security .
Oh , and incidentally , on that note , may we strongly suggest that you do n't take any Prozac , since you might become suicidal .
Phil Gramm and Alan Greenspan should be tarred and feathered and put on a boat that is never allowed to return to shore as " men without a country . "
Mr. Gramm 's wife , Wendy , can man the oars .
The fact that John McCain uses Grimy Gramm as an economic advisor tells you everything you need to know about John McCain - none of it good .
This transpires as Benron Bernanke and Hanky Panky Paulson recommend to Congress that the Fed be given sweeping regulatory power over our entire financial sector which the Fed 's profligate and ill - advised monetary policies and Grimy Gramm 's legislation have completely and utterly destroyed , leaving nothing but burning embers which will later be poured into a funerary urn labeled : " US Financial System - R. I. P. "
You just can't make this stuff up .
It is nothing short of surreal .
We recoil in disgust at the shear arrogance of these slime - balls .
Well , the meltdown continues .
Men of " Chaos , " better quickly get those two dark liquidity bourses , Project Turquoise and Baikal , up and running while you can still get out of the markets behind everyone 's backs - while we still have markets , that is .
The Dow on Friday dropped below 11,000 before closing at 11,100.54 , the lowest close since August 14 , 2006 , some 23 months ago .
On August 14 , 2006 , spot gold closed at 626.60 , while this Friday spot gold closed at 958.85 .
Dow : Zippo - Gold : +53 % - GET THE PICTURE ?!
When the yen was at 96.88 yen per dollar and 152.731 yen per euro on March 17 , 2008 , Saint Patrick 's Day , the Dow closed at 11,972.25 .
Now with the yen at 106.14 and 168.741 , the Dow has been pile - driven down to 11,100.54 , despite a vastly weaker yen and support from the PPT .
What does this tell you ?
We 'll tell you what this tells you - GET OUT OF THE FREAKING STOCK MARKETS - NOW !!!
The carry trade is no longer relevant to market support .
Worse yet , as the dollar continues its descent , the yen will become ever stronger against the dollar , thus destroying both the carry trade and the stock markets .
The Night of the Living Dead , meaning dead , bankrupt and insolvent banks , will soon be upon us .
Their deadly losses are going to rise up and destroy us .
It 's time to flee in terror !
According to Fortis , a banking , insurance , and investment company , based in Belgium , the zombies could be 6,000 strong .
Try not to scream !
Well , since the recent oil takedown barely made gold and silver hiccup , probably due to profits from oil shorts and stock index puts carried by large specs as protection against the cartel 's PPT manipulations , the cartel went back to destroying the stock markets , immediately cashing in on recent point gains from the oil takedown .
They do this to chase money out of stocks into bonds and money markets , which supports the dollar and bond principal while reducing bond yields and hopefully interest rates .
Remember , treasuries are a large part of the bond market .
Despite Friday 's crash and end - of - day PPT miracle , gold and silver went ballistic anyway , and the dollar plummeted .
The cartel is fighting a losing battle as gold is preferred as a safe - haven when stock markets fall , and as a hedge when increased liquidity from the PPT and support from carry traders takes markets higher , if that is even possible now .
We love to listen to the rumors they make up to justify manipulations like the recent oil liquidations .
First , we hear about the potential Iranian cooperation with Washington that was jawboned to take oil down and to suppress precious metals .
After the suppression of gold and silver mainly failed , off went the missiles and the renewed jaw - boning about the never ending story of an Israeli attack on Iran to push oil back up to save the Wall Street bankster fraudsters , who are exploiting the oil markets using Grimy Gramm 's despicable Enron loophole .
They managed to set a new high for oil in the process , sending oil to $ 147.27 before it closed at $ 145.08 .
And never mind the stock markets , which can drop into the depths of hell for all the cartel cares .
The cartel is intent on only two things , namely , the suppression of precious metals and the maintenance of the bond market 's viability .
Unfortunately for the cartel , the launch of the ballistic missiles made gold go ballistic also , which had to tick them off to no end .
On Friday , gold blew past $ 950 like it was n't even there and went as high as $ 967.85 , resulting in big gains for the week just as we predicted .
Silver went up big also .
By saving the bond market , the cartel is attempting to give the fraudster banks a temporary reprieve from the complete and utter destruction , which many of them will likely suffer .
They want to keep the system going long enough so they can bail and leave everyone else holding the bag just like they did in 1929 .
Just before the Fed pulls the plug , the word will go out to the Illuminist insiders who will bail out through the dark pools of liquidity while pouring the proceeds into commodities and other hard assets , especially precious metals , of which the chiefs of the Illuminati own tens of thousands of metric tons .
Their bullion hoards are kept in Swiss vaults and off - shore locations where they can't be confiscated by angry mobs seeking revenge for the destruction of markets worldwide , or by governments looking for some easy gold to cover their losses .
If there is a confiscation , the ETF 's will be first in line , while individual investors in possession of their metals will most likely be left alone , as they would not be worth the bother .
You should invest in gold and silver accordingly .
Do n't worry , be happy .
It 's all just a bad dream like Grimy Gramm suggested .
Fannie and Freddie , and the 5 trillion worth of heavily toxic - waste - type real estate loans they insure , are too big to fail , we are told .
They will simply be bailed out with more equity injections and life will go on as usual in the real estate markets , which would be totally frozen in a cryogenic state without them .
If you believe this latest fantasy from the cartel 's dream weavers , can we simply suggest that you are incredibly naive ?
These two bankrupt quasi - governmental agencies will be bailed all right , but at your expense .
No one in their right mind would give either of these losers any more capital to vaporize and blow out of their anal sphincters .
Whether they go into some type of resolution trust company , get bailed out by the Fed ala the Bear Stearns bailout or something like the Term Securities Lending Facility , or are absorbed directly by the government based on the inferred guaranty of bad loans becoming an actual guarantee , you the taxpayer will be screwed .
Someone has to pay for all the losses , and we can assure you that unless you do something about it , that someone will not be the fraudsters who caused the losses in the first place .
Any of these bailouts will result in much higher taxes , even more hyperinflation , or , most likely , both .
Treasury bonds will be created and monetized out of thin air , and will take us on a historical journey to Revolutionary France , Weimar Germany and Zimbabwe .
The higher taxes and monetization of bonds created out of thin air will destroy the economy and the real estate markets will lock up anyway , as real estate losses continue to mount from job losses , from frozen markets caused by double digit interest rates based on higher risk and wildly higher inflation , as well as from the drastic reduction of purchasing power as the whole system collapses .
Gold and silver are the only safe - havens from the total certainty of this coming destruction .
THIS DESTRUCTION IS A LOCK !!!
After the end of this year , you will never see three figure gold again in your lifetime , and five figure gold is a distinct possibility .
You are not powerless to prevent the losses you are experiencing .
By staying in the general stock market , or in dollar - denominated bonds , or in any kind of fiat currency - denominated bonds for that matter , you are not in it for the long term as Charles Schwa , Gven to their nominal levels .
When it comes to preeminent disasters , this is the real McCoy .
This is not a drill .
Instead , those who do not prepare are going to get drilled .
One month gold lease rates and one , two and three month silver lease rates are now all negative , which means they will pay you to lease both their gold and silver short term .
So much for earning a return on non-income producing assets , which is the usual excuse given for leasing .
The leasing of precious metals is really all about gold and silver suppression , and little else .
The longer term rates are ludicrously low as well .
But of course we have free markets .
Yep , just keep pumping money into the ETF's so the bullion banks can lease your gold and silver from the ETF 's against you whenever the PPT demands it , AND GET PAID FOR DOING IT !!!
We do n’t normally cover gourmet dining , but with a global food crisis in full swing we thought we would bring the eating habits of the G - 8 attendees to your attention .
Over the past few weeks ’ politicians have been urging us to stop wasting food and to combat rising prices during the current shortages .
By way of an example world leaders sat down to an 18 - course gastronomic extravaganza at the G - 8 summit in Japan , where they focused on the food crisis .
At dinner , or a six - course lunch the Illuminists had caviar , milk fed lamb , sea urchin and tuna , with champagne and wines flown in from Europe and the US .
This points out how hypocritical these elitists are .
As they wolf down this sumptuous repast they concluded that householders were wasting 4.1 million tons of food .
What this cross action does is betray the hopes of a generation of children .
It was just three years since the G - 8 meeting in Scotland where these heads of state promised $ 50 billion a year by 2010 for Africa .
They have only supplied 14 % of that .
They are too busy stuffing themselves with caviar and milk forced fed veal .
Just think you suckers get to pay for all this .
The good news is that the Japanese are paying for the 40,000 police that have sealed off Toyako , Lake Toya and the Windsor Hotel .
Congressional approval has fallen to 9 % for the first time in history ; 52 % of those surveyed say Congress is doing a terrible job .
Congress has not received higher than a 15 % rating since January .
Democrats who gave Congress positive ratings fell from 17 % to 13 % this month .
Republicans gave an 8 % rating , up from 7 % last month ; 65 % of GOP voters said Congress is doing a poor job .
Of independents , 3 % gave Congress a positive rating , down from 6 % last month ; 63 % believe Congress is doing a poor job , up from 57 % last month .
Just 12 % of voters think Congress has passed any legislation to improve life in America over the past six months .
Seventy - two percent think most members of Congress are more interested in furthering their own political careers and only 14 % are genuinely interested in helping people .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , ranked Aaa by the world ’s largest credit rating companies , are being treated by derivatives traders as if they were five levels lower .
Credit - default swaps tied to $ 1.45 trillion of debt sold by the pair imply the bonds should be rated A2 .
The MBA says their index of mortgage applications increased 7.5 % in the week ended 7/4/08 .
Refi apps rose 8.7 % - the 30 - year fixed rate mortgage rose 10 bps from 6.33 % to 6.43 % .
Dump those dollars .
Buy up America cheap .
New York ’s Chrysler Building , the art deco icon , has been bought by ABU Dhabi Sovereign Wealth Fund .
Last month they bought the GM Building for $ 2.8 billion .
The damning unpublished assessment is based on the most detailed analysis of the crisis so far .
The figure emphatically contradicts the US government ’s claims that plant derived fuels contribute less than 3 % to food prices .
This should add pressure on governments in Washington and across Europe to end the process .
The British Gallagher Report on the impact of biofuels will be released soon and it will state that plant fuels have played a significant part in pushing up food prices .
Rising food prices have pushed 100 million people worldwide below the poverty line , estimates the World Bank .
The biofuels is the first real economic crisis of globalization .
Over the past six years biofuels have been responsible for an increase of 140 % in food prices .
The US has 5 % of the world ’s population and almost 25 % of the world ’s prisoners .
There are 2.3 million criminals behind bars , the most in the world .
China with 4 times the population has 1.6 million in prison .
If you count only adults you have one in 100 Americans locked up .
Russia has .63 , England .15 , Germany .9 and Japan .6 .
Far from serving as a model for the world , contemporary America is viewed with horror .
Even though record numbers are in jail the US has relatively low rates of non-violent crimes .
The key is drug related crimes .
In 1980 there were 40,000 people in American jails for drug crimes .
Today , there are about 500,000 .
American prison stays are much longer .
Burglars in the US serve an average of 16 months in prison versus 5 months in Canada and 7 months in England .
Experts in the US say locking up criminals for longer periods reduces the level of crime .
Canada ’s crime rates have closely paralleled America ’s for 40 years , but its imprisonment rate has remained stable .
The bottom line is America has a highly politicized criminal justice system .
Patriot Guard Riders
Founded in 2005 to shield families of fallen heroes from those that would disrupt the services of their loved ones , the Patriot Guard Riders has grown to include thousands of members across all 50 states in the US .
We are a 100 % volunteer 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization .
As our membership has grown , so has the scope of our mission .
We also honor first responders as well as our military veterans .
Additionally we have an active Help On The Homefront ( HOTH ) program , which provides assistance to our veterans and their families .
We commonly get asked “ How do I join , and what is required ” .
Joining the PGR is pretty simple , click on the Login / Join link in the upper menu , or follow this link and register .
As for requirements , anyone and everyone can join and stand with us .
You do n’t need to be a veteran , and you do n’t need to ride a bike .
All you need is respect for our military , veterans , and first responders ; and desire to show that respect to them and their families .
These are donors that contributed $ 500 or more to the PGR “ I Support the PGR ” campaign .
A gay teenager who sought sanctuary in Britain when his boyfriend was executed by the Iranian authorities now faces the same fate after losing his legal battle for asylum .
Mehdi Kazemi , 19 , came to London to study English in 2004 but later discovered that his boyfriend had been arrested by the Iranian police , charged with sodomy and hanged .
In a telephone conversation with his father in Tehran , Mr Kazemi was told that before the execution in April 2006 , his boyfriend had been questioned about sexual relations he had with other men and under interrogation had named Mr Kazemi as his partner .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Fearing for his own life if he returned to Iran , Mr Kazemi claimed asylum in Britain .
But late in 2007 his case was refused .
Terror - stricken at the prospect of deportation the young Iranian made a desperate attempt to evade deportation and fled Britain for Holland where he is now being detained amid a growing outcry from campaigners .
He appeared before a Dutch court yesterday to plead with the authorities not to return him to Britain where he is almost certain to be sent back to Iran .
In a letter to the British Government , Mr Kazemi has told the Home Secretary , Jacqui Smith : " I wish to inform the Secretary of State that I did not come to the UK to claim asylum .
I came here to study and return to my country .
But in the past few months my situation back home has changed .
The Iranian authorities have found out that I am a homosexual and they are looking for me . "
He added : " I can not stop my attraction towards men .
This is something that I will have to live with the rest of my life .
I was born with the feeling and cannot change this fact but it is unfortunate that I cannot express my feeling in Iran .
If I return to Iran I will be arrested and executed like my former boyfriend . "
Mr Kazemi's future will now be decided by a Dutch appeal court , which will rule whether to grant him permission to apply for asylum in Holland , which offers special protection to gay Iranians , or whether he will be deported to Britain .
His case has attracted support from leading gay rights groups across Europe who are campaigning to allow him to live in Britain .
Omar Kuddus , from Gay Asylum UK , said that Britain must do more to protect homosexual asylum - seekers such as Mr Kazemi : " The challenge and legality under question and debate in the Dutch court is if he can or should be deported back to the UK under the Dublin Treaty which compels EU states to send asylum - seekers to the first European country they claim asylum . "
Peter Tatchell , of the gay rights campaign group Outrage , described the Government 's policy as " outrageous and shameful " .
He said : " If Mehdi is sent back to Iran he will be at risk of execution because of his homosexuality .
This is a flagrant violation of Britain 's obligations under the refugee convention .
" It is just the latest example of the Government putting the aims of cutting asylum numbers before the merits of individual cases .
The whole world knows that Iran hangs young , gay men and uses a particularly barbaric method of slow strangulation .
In a bid to fulfil its target to cut asylum numbers the Government is prepared to send this young man to his possible death .
It is a heartless , cruel mercenary anti-refugee policy . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Emma Ginn , of the National Coalition of Anti-Deportation Campaigns , met Mr Kazemi at the Tinsley House removal centre , near Gatwick airport , while he was being detained by the Home Office .
She recalls : " Mehdi was very anxious when I visited him in Tinsley .
The Home Office planned to deport him two days later to Iran where he risked being executed like his boyfriend had been .
I 'm not surprised he fled the UK . "
According to Iranian human rights campaigners , more than 4,000 gay men and lesbians have been executed since the Ayatollahs seized power in 1979 .
The last reported case of the death penalty imposed against a gay man was that of Makwan Moloudzadeh , 21 , who was executed in December after being convicted for sodomy , or lavat , a capital offence under Iranian law .
Last year , the Foreign Office released correspondence sent between embassies throughout the EU dating back to May 2005 .
They refer specifically to the case of two gay youths , Mahmoud Asqari , under 18 at the time of his execution , and Ayad Marhouni , who were hanged in public .
The Home Office 's own guidance issued to immigration officers concedes that Iran executes homosexual men but , unaccountably , rejects the claim that there is a systematic repression of gay men and lesbians .
The Government has a policy of not commenting on individual cases but a Home Office spokeswoman said : " The UK Government is committed to providing protection for those individuals found to be genuinely in need , in accordance with our commitments under international law .
If an application is refused , there is a right of appeal to an independent judge , and we only return those who have been found by the asylum decision - making process and the independent courts not to need international protection .
" We examine with great care each individual case before removal and we will not remove anyone who we believe is at risk on their return .
However , in order to maintain the integrity of our asylum system and prevent unfounded applications it is important that we are able to enforce returns of those who do not need protection . "
She added : " The Dublin Regulation states that an asylum applicant should make an application for protection in the first ' safe ' country they reach having left their own country .
If they do not do so , the Regulation permits the return of asylum applicants to the third country where the substantive asylum claim was made . "
Click here to have your say
Rigorous clinical evaluations confirm the enormous and enduring toll of agony and anguish inflicted for months by US personnel on 11 men who were detained without any charge in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantánamo Bay .
We , the undersigned , agree with Maj. General Antonio M. Taguba ( USA - Ret. ) , who wrote in the preface to Broken Laws , Broken Lives :
[ T ] here is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes .
The only question is whether those who ordered the use of torture will be held to account .
Share This Petition Use the Share
This link under the signature form to blog this page ; post to Digg , Facebook , My Space and other social sites ; or email the link to friends and family .
Because the United States is founded on principles of human rights and equal justice under law , we call on the US government to :
fully investigate and hold accountable those who ordered torture ;
issue an official apology to survivors of torture in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantánamo Bay ;
and make reparation , including compensation and medical and psycho-social services .
First Name :
Last Name :
City :
State / Province :
Zip Code / Postal Code :
Country :
E-mail address :
After you have added your name to this petition an e-mail will be sent to the given address to confirm your signature .
Please make sure that your e-mail address is correct or you will not receive this e-mail and your name will not be counted .
April 23 , 2008  --
A notorious paramilitary group tied to a Mexican drug cartel is openly advertising for new recruits .
The Zetas group , which operates as hit men and enforcers for Mexico 's Gulf drug cartel , boldly posted " Help Wanted " signs in the border city of Nuevo Laredo , according to the Associated Press .
Among the displayed ads was a huge banner that stretched across a city street .
A translation of the banner read , " Operative group ' The Zetas ' wants you , soldier or ex-soldier .
We offer a good salary , food and benefits for your family .
Do n't suffer anymore mistreatment and do n't go hungry . "
Mexican soldiers quickly took the banner down .
[ Watch video . ]
The Zetas is a mercenary group comprised of former Mexican military officers and police .
The group is well - trained in military tactics and employs high - powered U.S. - made assault weapons and sniper rifles .
As reported earlier on the Blotter on ABCNews.com , Mexican and U.S. law enforcement officials say more than 90 percent of weapons seized from the Mexican drug cartels have been traced to U.S. gun stores and gun shows .
Earlier this year thousands of troops were sent to Nuevo Laredo and other border towns to combat the Zetas , resulting in a number of bloody shootouts .
Officials believe the government crackdown has forced the Zetas to actively seek new recruits .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
160,291 listeners
Originating from the Montreal area , this group first appeared in 1992 , when it was called Necrosis ; in the same year it was reincarnated under the …
Via Marginal Revolution :
If [ cryonics ] works , the benefits are high , and the probability of it working is greater than zero .
Yet few people sign up for it .
I think that we are afraid of looking weird if we sign up for it .
The way to think about how and why people make decisions is to look at costs and benefits - which go far beyond mere money , of course .
The discussion in the post revolves around " looking weird " as a cost .
That 's important for we folk descended from apes , possessed of a deep - seated and hardwired need for peer validation .
Other costs exist , such as the need to get up and sort out paperwork - people die and become sick in many ways through similar laziness , especially in health matters stretched across the years .
I think the comments to the post demonstrate that the more important costs are the perceived financial ones , however .
I suspect the eccentric childless millionaire demographic is overrepresented .
Who else can afford it ?
People look at the pay - at - the - door cost of cryonic suspension and decide they can't afford it , that cryonics is only for the rich .
That is very much not the case , however .
Next to no - one pays for their suspension in a lump sum at the door .
Instead it 's done via assignment of a life insurance policy for a very small number of dollars per month .
There have been very few cryosuspensions of extremely wealthy people .
This suggests to me that if cryonics organizations want to grow , they should stop outsourcing organization of payment .
Cryonics should be marketed from the very first touch to the potential customer as an insurance service you pay for monthly : people understand that , and do it all the time .
What you are buying is cryosuspension should you be unfortunate enough to die , and the cryonics company handles the mechanisms of insurance - or however else the finances are sorted out - behind the scenes .
Monthly income for a company also allows for the sort of growth and professionalization that has been a challenge in the cryonics industry under the present model of funding for research and development .
All in all , a potential win-win situation .
One might ask why it has n't been tried yet .
404
This page was either removed or never existed at all
MIAMI  From “ Scarface ” to “ Miami Vice , ” Florida ’s drug problem has been portrayed as the story of a single narcotic : cocaine .
But for Floridians , prescription drugs are increasingly a far more lethal habit .
An analysis of autopsies in 2007 released this week by the Florida Medical Examiners Commission found that the rate of deaths caused by prescription drugs was three times the rate of deaths caused by all illicit drugs combined .
Law enforcement officials said that the shift toward prescription - drug abuse , which began here about eight years ago , showed no sign of letting up and that the state must do more to control it .
“ You have health care providers involved , you have doctor shoppers , and then there are crimes like robbing drug shipments , ” said Jeff Beasley , a drug intelligence inspector for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , which co-sponsored the study .
“ There is a multitude of ways to get these drugs , and that ’s what makes things complicated . ”
This year , the world and , in particular , developing countries and the poor have been hit by both food and energy crises .
As a consequence , prices for many staple foods have risen by up to 100 % .
When we examine the causes of the food crisis , a growing population , changes in trade patterns , urbanization , dietary changes , biofuel production , and climate change and regional droughts are all responsible .
Thus we have a classic increase in prices due to high demand and low supply .
However , few commentators specifically mention the declining availability of water that is needed to grow irrigated and rainfed crops .
According to some , the often mooted solution to the food crisis lies in plant breeding that produces the ultimate high yielding , low water - consuming crops .
While this solution is important , it will fail unless attention is paid to where the water for all food , fibre and energy crops is going to come from .
A few years ago , IWMI ( the International Water Management Institute ) demonstrated that many countries are facing severe water scarcity , either as a result of a lack of available fresh water , or due to a lack of investment in water infrastructure such as dams and reservoirs .
What makes matters worse is that this scarcity predominantly affects developing countries where the majority of the world 's under - nourished people -- approximately 840 million -- live .
The causes of water scarcity are essentially identical to those of the food crisis .
There are serious and extremely worrying factors that indicate water supplies are steadily being used up .
Essentially every calorie of food requires a liter of water to produce it .
Thus those of us on western diets , use about 2500 - 3000 liters per day .
A further 2.5 billion people by 2030 will mean that we have to find over 2000 more cubic kilometers of fresh water to feed them .
This is not any easy task given that current water usage for food production is 7500 cubic kilometers and supplies are scarce .
According to the recent report " Water for Food , Water for Life " of the Comprehensive Assessment of Water Management in Agriculture , which drew on the work of 700 scientists , unless we change the way we use water and increase " water productivity " ( i.e. more crop per drop ) we will not have enough water to feed the world 's growing population ( This population is estimated to increase from 6 billion now to about 8.5 billion in 25 years . )
Compared with the lengthy agenda to combat climate change , this is a very short time indeed and yet the impacts of water scarcity will be profound .
However , very little is being done about it in most countries .
Since the formulation of the UN Millennium Goals in 2002 , much of the water agenda has been focused around the provision of drinking water and sanitation .
This water comes from the same sources as agricultural water and as we urbanize and improve living standards there will be increasing competition for drinking water from domestic and other urban users , putting agriculture under further pressure .
While improving drinking water and sanitation is vital with respect to health and living standards , we cannot afford to neglect the provision and improved productivity of water for agriculture .
There are potential solutions .
Better water storage has to be considered .
Ethiopia , which is typical of many sub-Saharan African countries , has a water storage capacity of 38 cubic meters per person .
Australia has almost 5000 cubic meters per person , an amount that in the face of current climate change impacts may be inadequate .
While there will be a need for new large and medium - sized dams to deal with this critical lack of storage in Africa , other simpler solutions are also part of the equation .
These include the construction of small reservoirs , sustainable use of groundwater systems including artificial groundwater recharge and rainwater harvesting for smallholder vegetable gardens .
Improved year - round access to water will help farmers maintain their own food security using simple supplementary irrigation techniques .
The redesign of both the physical and institutional arrangements of some large and often dysfunctional irrigation schemes will also bring the required productivity increases .
Safe , risk free reuse of wastewater from growing cities will also be needed .
Of course these actions need to be paralleled by development of drought - tolerant crops , and the provision of infrastructure and facilities to get fresh food to markets .
Current estimates indicate that we will not have enough water to feed ourselves in 25 years time , by when the current food crisis may turn into a perpetual crisis .
Just as in other areas of agricultural research and development , investment in the provision and better management of water resources has declined steadily since the green revolution .
I and my water science colleagues are raising a warning flag that significant investment in both R&D and water infrastructure development are needed , if dire consequences are to be avoided .
The summary of ' Water for Food , Water for Life ' is available at http:// http://www.iwmi.cgiar.org/Assessment
In the dark corridors and congested waiting rooms of rural hospitals in sub-Saharan Africa , tuberculosis can spread like a rumor in a small town .
A patient who comes in with a broken leg might leave with a deadly disease .
Recently , several global health aid groups have been trying not only to contain and treat recalcitrant infectious diseases like tuberculosis , but also to promote new ways of building hospitals in the world ’s poorest rural areas .
In July , builders broke ground on a new hospital in Rwanda ’s Burera district , near the Uganda border .
The design relies on simple features to reduce the spread of airborne disease : outdoor walkways instead of enclosed halls , waiting rooms alfresco and large windows staggered at different levels on opposing walls to keep air circulating .
The hospital ’s construction is being overseen by Rwanda ’s Ministry of Health ; Partners in Health , a nonprofit group based in Massachusetts ; and the Clinton Foundation .
It was designed by graduate students at Harvard ’s design school .
Col . John J. Cook III , head chaplain at West Point , said , “ No one is pushing them to believe . ”
Referring to prayers at mandatory settings , he said : “ This is something we have done in the military for centuries .
It is not designed to make people religious .
The majority of people here are people of faith , and a prayer asks God ’s blessing on a gathering and on the food . ”
The Air Force , however , took a different view in the guidelines it adopted in 2005 .
For example , the guidelines say : “ Supervisors , commanders and leaders at every level bear a special responsibility to ensure their words and actions cannot reasonably be construed as either official endorsement or disapproval of the decisions of individuals to hold particular religious beliefs or to hold no religious beliefs . ”
Since the Air Force investigation , controversies over religion in the military have continued .
Last year , the Army inspector general issued a report critical of seven officers , including four generals , who appeared , in uniform and in violation of military regulations , in a 2006 fund - raising video for the Christian Embassy , an evangelical Bible study group .
General Caslen was among the officers .
The cadets and midshipmen do not claim practices at West Point and the Naval Academy are as egregious as those at the Air Force Academy , which were found to include expressions of anti-Semitism , official sponsorship of a showing of “ The Passion of the Christ ” and a locker room banner that said athletes played for “ Team Jesus . ”
But given the vast authority superiors have over subordinates in the military , prayer and repeated mention of God in mandatory settings can communicate a requirement to be religious , military and legal experts said .
“ You always have to be aware of the authority you have within your rank and uniform and the coercive potential of that authority , ” said Robert Tuttle , a constitutional law expert and professor at George Washington University Law School whose father is a retired four - star Army general
At the Naval Academy , midshipmen have contacted the A.C.L.U. over the years , questioning the constitutionality of the noon meal prayer , especially after the 2004 court ruling , said Debbie Jeon , legal director of the group ’s Maryland organization .
No midshipmen have wanted to take action until now , Ms. Jeon said .
Three recent graduates , who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation , said that all 4,300 midshipmen enter the noon meal together and that before they eat they are invited to pray by a chaplain .
The academy ’s eight chaplains are all officers , and all but one are Christian .
Those midshipmen who do not bow their heads with their hands clasped in front are conspicuous , they said , which makes some , especially underclassmen , feel very uncomfortable .
Putting an Old Dog to Rest … Hopefully
For years , there have been rumors , and concerns , about playground areas at the Grand Canyon School District , located inside the park , being contaminated with radioactive soil from old uranium mines in the area .
I talked with park Public Affairs Officer Maureen Oltrogge , and she said that an investigation is underway to determine if there is contaminated soil in the playground areas .
Oltrogge said the park has no records of any company dumping radioactive dirt there , so they ’ve contracted with a geotechnical engineering company to test the area and make a final decision .
She said the test results should be in by the end of the year .
A source at the school district said they have no reason to believe the rumors , and they welcome the tests just to put everyone at ease .
As she put it , “ we just want to an old dog to rest ” .
The playing fields are being used , and will be until the test results are in .
See how jumpy people get when it comes to uranium , and stories of mining firms who walk away from their “ digs ” without cleaning up their messes ?
The Orphan Mine
Fifty - some years ago , uranium mining began at a site located three miles from the park ’s El Tovar Hotel on the south rim .
It operated under two firms until 1969 , when it was closed .
The miners walked away and left their mess , and now the National Park Service is strapped with the task of cleaning up , which may cost taxpayers more than $ 15 - million .
Talks between the National Park Service and the two major defense contractors who operated the mine have failed , leaving clean - up to the park service .
Oltregge told me they want that radioactive material removed as soon as possible and have begun the long process of getting it done .
In the meantime , the Orphan Superfund Mine sits all alone , fenced off with signs warning of dangerous radiation levels .
According to some sources , it still contaminates a creek that feeds the Colorado River .
There are signs along
Horn creek warning the public not to drink from the creek because of possibly hazardous levels of radioisotopes .
Tech - Sym and Cotter Corp. , subdivisions of DRS Technologies and General Atomics are , according to the park service , responsible for clean - up of the Orphan mine , but have reportedly refused to cooperate .
Since the mine falls under the Superfund law , the federal government has the power to hold both companies liable for the cost of returning the land to its original state .
It ’s a shame this has to happen , really .
Both firms are reportedly doing quite well financially , and cleanup costs would probably come out of petty cash .
But then , there ’s always the question of corporate responsibility , and who wants to be responsible when they can weasel out of it ?
Posts Related to Uranium and the Grand Canyon
Image : www.inetours.com/…/ Tours / Grand_Canyon_7739.jpg
FIVE years ago , at roughly 4:30 p.m. on Aug. 19 , 2003 , in Baghdad , a suicide bomber in a flatbed truck pulled up outside the lightly fortified office of the United Nations ’s leading diplomat , Sergio Vieira de Mello , and detonated a cone - shaped bomb the size of a large man .
The bomb was laced with hand grenades and mortars , and it carried more than a thousand pounds of explosives .
Its force was so fierce that it shook the American - controlled Green Zone , three miles away .
While many United Nations officials were killed instantly , Mr. Vieira de Mello was not .
For more than three hours , he lay trapped beneath the collapsed roof and floors of the three - story building , as he asked about the fates of his colleagues and complained about the pain in his legs .
Although the Bush administration had not equipped American forces to respond to large - scale terrorist attacks on civilian targets , several soldiers heroically risked their lives to save him , submerging themselves in the sweltering , crumbling wreckage .
But without proper equipment , they were forced to rely on their hands and helmets , along with a makeshift pulley system constructed out of a woman ’s straw handbag and an office curtain rope .
Mr. Vieira de Mello died , as did 21 other people from 11 countries .
Among the dead were experts in conflict resolution , humanitarian assistance and development work .
More than 150 people were severely injured .
Survivors of the attack and devastated colleagues branded the day the United Nations ’s 9/11 .
Just as we Americans tried to make sense of our tragedy , United Nations officials , nongovernmental workers and world leaders grappled with applying the lessons of August 19 .
But five years later  and less than a week after Taliban forces in Afghanistan killed three female educators and a driver with the International Rescue Committee  the individuals who carry out vital humanitarian and development work for the United Nations and nongovernmental organizations have never been more at risk .
: : : : : : : : : :
This morning I received an email thanking me for participating in the process that eventually will turn Webb ’s G I Bill into law .
Over the last few years , there has been a lot of bad news for military personnel and veterans coming out of Washington DC ( as well as bad news for everyone else but the wealthy ) and I am very happy that this bill has gotten through Congress and apparently will be signed into law .
Of course , we all know that it ’s only being approved because it ’s included in a military appropriations bill that the White House needs , and that otherwise Bush and McBush would have quashed it , as they have lobbied against it .
Kudos to Jim Webb and to all the veterans organizations that worked so hard for this bill .
This morning ’s email from VoteVets :
Dear VoteVets.org Supporter ,
Yesterday , I represented VoteVets.org at a press conference with leaders in the Senate , before the body passed the bipartisan GI Bill for the 21st Century .
It was an honor to be there , but I was n’t just representing my fellow veterans , I was representing each and every one of you .
30,000 petition signatures .
Tens of thousands of letters to Capitol Hill .
Thousands and thousands of letters to the editor .
Donations that allowed us to air national TV ads on the bill .
That ’s what you did to help pass this bill , in the name of VoteVets.org , and that ’s why I was invited to stand with Senators as the bill was brought up for consideration .
More importantly , your work made passage of the bill a reality .
Now , the bill will go to the President ’s desk , and he has signaled he will sign it .
It was n’t so long ago that the President had threatened to veto the legislation , with Senators like John McCain backing him up on that decision .
The President ’s reversal can also be attributed to just how much you worked to pass this bill .
The President and those in his party know that there could be nothing more unpopular than vetoing increased education benefits for those who serve in war , in a time of war .
That ’s why I want to thank you , from the bottom of my heart , on behalf of all Iraq and Afghanistan veterans .
What you have done is make the American dream possible for so many of us .
Many of us who could n’t afford college will now be able to .
We ’ll go on to become doctors and lawyers and teachers , and have the chance to raise families in the American middle class .
It was a promise made to us by Franklin Roosevelt , and your work has restored that promise .
You are truly patriots , in every sense of the word .
Sincerely ,
Brian McGough
Iraq and Afghanistan War Veteran
VoteVets.org
Nationally syndicated columnist and Huffingtonpost.com co-founder / editor - in-chief Arianna Huffington may not have been a personal supporter of Hillary Clinton for the Democratic party nomination ( HuffPost did n’t endorse a candidate ) , but she has kind words for the New York senator and former first lady all the same .
I met Arianna in New York on Tuesday to ask her what she , as the author of a book about women conquering their fears , thought about Clinton ’s failure to secure the nomination and her political future .
Here ’s what she said about …
Supporting Obama :
Since this is an election where we are clear that it ’s in the best interests of the country that ( Arizona Republican Senator ) John McCain is not president , and we have seen that Obama has a much better chance of defeating John McCain , it ’s a very clear choice .
( With Obama ) there ’s no equivocation .
It ’s the future , getting out of Iraq .
It ’s a dramatically different take on the economy .
It ’s a clear break with the past , which the country ’s really longing for .
Drawbacks to Clinton :
The two main drawbacks were that she did vote to authorize the war , so it ’s much harder to oppose the war as categorically as Obama can oppose it , given that he has been against it from 2002 …
Given now that a vast majority of the American people know the war was wrong , if you knew that from the begining , you ’d have a real clear advantage .
On the disappointment of a woman not getting a major party nomination :
Actually you know , I found her speech on Saturday so incredibly important for women because I have written as you know for my “ Fearless ” book a lot about how a lot of women have held ( themselves ) back because of the fear of failure .
That has been the greatest fear in women .
I mean , men have it too , but women , we have it in a much more intense way .
She failed in her immediate goal of winning the nomination , but this was in a way a historic triumph for women , because the question , “ Can a woman be commander - in - chief ? ” will never be asked again .
Can a woman run a great campaign , raise money and get millions of votes ?
All these questions have now been answered , thanks to her race .
As a mother of two teenaged daughters , I ’m constantly saying to them , always take the risk , go for your dreams .
If you fail , it does n’t matter .
It ’s like there is nobody who has succeeded in life who has not failed along the way .
( Her speech ) was a concession speech but at the same time it was a triumphant speech .
I thought it was an incredibly moving , powerful moment for the country and especially for women .
And would she support Hillary in 2012 if she ran again , and the circumstances were right ?
Sure .
Absolutely .
I also asked why it should be that a woman in the United States still has n’t had a clear shot at becoming a head of state when countries like India , Indonesia , Germany , Chile and Pakistan have pulled it off .
Her answer :
It has more to do with the women who have run … I do n’t think there is more sexism here than there is in India , for example .
If you look at the women who run , there is n’t anyone you ’d say , “ yes , if that person was n’t a woman , they ’d absolutely have to be president . ”
( Photo : Reuters )
# 870063 +( 9879 ) - [ X ] < djahandarie > we ain't here to do e-c-e
< djahandarie > we 're here to do c- s-e on the w-e -b
< djahandarie > listen to me spit these rhymes
< djahandarie > while i program lines
< djahandarie > and commit web accessibility crimes
< djahandarie > word , son
< http402 >
You talk like your big on these I - Net kicks ,
< http402 >
But your shit flows slower than a two - eighty - six .
< http402 > I 'm tracking down hosts and nmap scans ,
< http402 > While Code Igniter 's got you wringing your hands .
< http402 >
Cut the crap rap ,
< http402 > Or I 'll run ettercap ,
< http402 > Grab your AIM chat ,
< http402 > N ' send a PC bitch - slap !
< http402 > peace
< djahandarie > you 're talkin bout down hosts and nmap scans
< djahandarie > while i got other plans
< djahandarie > you 're at your new job , but you can't even do it right
< djahandarie > you just create a plight with your http rewrites
< djahandarie > i've been on the web since the age of three
< djahandarie > you just got on directly off the bus from mississippi
< djahandarie > respect yo' elders , bitch
< http402 >
You 've been webbin ' since three , but still ain't grown up ,
< http402 > Gotta update your config and send the brain a SIGHUP .
< http402 >
You say you 're that old ?
No wonder you 're slow !
< http402 >
You 're knocking at the door while I run this show !
< http402 > Elders my ass , you 're shit 's still in school ,
< http402 > Hunt and pecking at the keyboard like a spaghetti- damned fool ,
< http402 > Rim - riffing your hard drive like a tool ,
< http402 > Face it .
I rule .
< djahandarie > i erase my harddrives with magnets ( bitch )
< djahandarie > all you can do is troll on the fagnets
< djahandarie > and son , my brain 's wrapped in a nohup
< djahandarie > it wont be hurt by the words you throwup
< djahandarie > dont mind me while i emerge my ownage
< djahandarie > while you 're still over there apt - getting your porridge
< djahandarie > you say i'm still in school
< djahandarie > but the fact is that i know the rule
< djahandarie > cuz you need to go back to grade three
< djahandarie > and you better plea , that they take sucky graduates from c-s-
e
< http402 >
Time to bend over and apply a patch ,
< http402 > Your brain 's throwing static like a CD with a scratch .
< http402 >
Your connection got nuked and you 've met your match .
< http402 >
You run a single process like a VAX with a batch .
< http402 > I 'd pass the torch to a real winner
< http402 >
But it'd just scorch a while - loop spinner
< http402 > Caught in a loop that you cant escape ,
< http402 > I run clock cycles around your words and flows ,
< http402 >
Cuz your rhyme is like a PS fan : it ' blows ,
< http402 >
Your water - cooled lyrics leak and it shows ,
< http402 >
Take your ass back to alt.paid.for.windows .
< djahandarie >
Good god , I can't even respond to that .
:P
< djahandarie >
You win haha
* http402 takes a bow
personal training
Ultimate Health was founded in Burbank in 1989 as a medical exercise facility .
Our prescriptive exercise programs have been the referral choice of many physicians , chiropractics , and orthopedists .
It is out of our rehabilitation programs that our personal training business developed as many of our patients chose to continue to improve their fitness and well being beyond medical necessity .
After 25 years near Universal City we have evolved into a concierge service delivering our services straight to you
Concierge personal training
We provide in home , office or outdoor training throughout Los Angeles , Hollywood , Studio City and Los Felix , CA .
We carry resistance , bands , TRX , battle ropes , slides and Bosu balls with us or if you have a home gym , even better .
.
All workouts are customized for your specific wants and needs taking into consideration present levels of fitness and health .
Training begins with a free online evaluation session .
live online training
Live online training is just that .
Sessions are conducted over Zoom or FaceTime , brought to you anywhere you have an internet connection .
These sessions are 45 minutes long and we are with you remotely guiding , giving instruction , and feed back in real time .
We begin with a free online consultation / evaluation session .
During the evaluation we will discus health and exercise history , short and long term goals and diet as well as do an evaluation workout .
No equipment necessary , but if you have any you ’re ahead of the game or we can make suggestions .
Saves you driving time and from crowded gyms .
We may not be using lasers on the battlefield yet , but when we do we 'll know exactly how to use them to make our enemies ' eyeballs explode .
And how to create heat - induced bubbles inside " biological substances " ( i.e. , bodies ) .
A researcher funded by the Air Force to study laser safety has inadvertently also produced a lot of data on what makes them unsafe too .
His paper is ominously titled " Laser Induced Shock Waves and Vaporization in Biological Systems and Material Science . "
Advertisement
Physicist Bernard Gerstman , author of the paper , writes :
Damage by pulsed lasers to the retina or other tissues containing strongly absorbing particles may occur through biophysical mechanisms other than simple heating .
Shockwaves and bubbles have been observed experimentally , and depending on pulse duration , may be the cause of retinal damage at threshold fluence levels .
We performed detailed calculations on the shockwave and bubble generation expected from pulsed lasers .
For a variety of different laser pulse durations and fluences , we tabulated the expected strength of the shockwave and size of the bubble that will be generated .
We also explain how these results will change for absorbing particles with different physical properties such as absorption coefficient , bulk modulus , or thermal expansion coefficient .
This enables the assessment of biological danger , and possible medical benefits , for lasers of a wide range of pulse durations and energies , incident on tissues with absorbing particles with a variety of thermomechanical characteristics .
Advertisement
Gerstman has been studying laser interaction with eyes for many years — his main interest is in safety .
But to figure out what makes lasers harm human eyes , he of course had to figure out exactly when and how that harm would occur .
As Danger Room 's David Hambling observes :
His findings may later be used by others with less humane motives — such as anyone interested in the anti-personnel possibilities of high - energy laser pulses which cause ' explosive bubble formation ' in human flesh .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Indeed .
Image via Laserforce .
Laser - Induced Shockwaves and Vaporization in Biological Systems [ PDF ] via Danger Room
WASHINGTON 
Two former secretaries of state , concluding that a 1973 measure limiting the president ’s ability to wage war unilaterally had never worked as intended , proposed on Tuesday a new system of closer consultation between the White House and Congress before American forces go into battle .
Their proposal would require the president to consult senior lawmakers before initiating combat expected to last longer than a week , except for covert operations or rare circumstances requiring emergency action , in which case consultation would have to be undertaken within three days .
Congress , for its part , would have 30 days to approve the military action or , if it declined to do so , could then order it ended by disapproving it .
The plan would create a new committee of Congressional leaders and relevant committee chairmen , with a full - time staff that would have access to military and intelligence material .
The president would be required to consult with the group in advance of any major strike and regularly throughout any extended conflict .
Solid state drives ( SSD ) are slowly marching toward the consumer space by gradually stepping up to bat against their traditional counterparts .
Capacities and read / write times are still a little low , while prices are still quite high .
Toshiba 's president , however , laid out a game plan for the industry that puts SSD drives in one quarter of notebooks within three years .
Speaking at a recent seminar hosted by IDEMA Japan , Toshiba 's Shozo Saito discussed the future of NAND flash memory and what it means for SSD drives .
Considering that the advantages of these drives ( no moving parts , compact design ) make them a good fit for notebook PCs , Saito wants to target them exclusively to notebooks , leaving the more capacious needs of desktop PCs to HDDs .
He expects that Toshiba will be offering a 512GB SSD by 2011 This focus on SSDs for notebooks is a result of Toshiba 's findings that demand for this configuration will expand by 313 percent every year from 2008 to 2011 .
To help bring manufacturing costs for NAND memory down and get these drives into more consumers ' price ranges , Toshiba is working to increase its multi - level cell capacities .
In March , the company began producing 3 - bit - per - cell drives and is now working on a 4 - bit - per-cell technology to maximize the use of silicon materials .
Saito stated that this should help lower Toshiba 's NAND manufacturing costs by 40 - 50 percent each year .
Already , with apparently strong success of products like Apple 's MacBook Air and other notebook lines with SSDs , prices seem to be coming down to earth .
When the MacBook Air was introduced earlier this year , Apple charged $ 999 to upgrade to a 64GB SSD drive , while Dell reportedly charged nearly $ 1,700 .
Now the same drive costs anywhere from $ 550 - $ 800 from Dell , depending on the notebook model .
We also saw reports of a 128GB costing $ 4,600 last September ; that same drive can now be had for about $ 3,400 .
Current multi - level - cell SSDs support up to 10,000 rewrites , and Saito believes that more efficient caching could keep the number of rewrites needed during a notebooks typical five - year life span well below that number .
Moving towards 2011 , Saito also stated that the price ratio between SSDs and HDDs will likely dissipate as well , as long as NAND manufacturing costs keep reducing by his 50 percent per year goal .
Further Reading
GITARAMA , Rwanda ( CNN ) --
What does Macy 's have to do with healing from genocide ?
Nothing and everything .
Iphigenia Mukantabana sits with Jean - Bosco Bizimana , her family 's killer , at her home after church .
more photos »
Fourteen years after Hutu extremists killed between 800,000 and 1 million people -- mostly Tutsis -- in a devastating slaughter , Rwandan women are weaving peace baskets for sale at Macy 's in the United States .
Not only does the work bring them a regular salary , the business is also fostering reconciliation between victim and perpetrator .
Iphigenia Mukantabana , a master weaver , sits in front of her house in Gitarama -- an hour from the capital , Kigali -- making beautiful baskets with her friend Epiphania Mukanyndwi .
In 1994 , Mukantabana 's husband and five of her children were hacked and clubbed to death by marauding Hutu militias .
Among her family 's killers was Jean - Bosco Bizimana , Mukanyndwi's husband .
" In my heart , the dead are dead , and they cannot come back again , " Mukantabana said of those she lost .
" So I have to get on with the others and forget what has happened . "
Forgetting and forgiving everything she lost , everything she witnessed .
" Women and girls were raped , and I saw it all , " she told CNN .
" The men and boys were beaten and then slaughtered .
They told others to dig a hole , get in , then they piled earth on top of them , while they were still alive . "
Watch Mukantabana say how she survived »
Yet today , Mukantabana shares her future and her family meals with Bizimana , the killer she knew , and his wife , her friend Mukanyndwi .
Bizimana did spend seven years in jail .
He then went before a tribal gathering , part of a return to traditional ways by the new government in 2002 with Rwanda 's justice system unable to cope and process hundreds of thousands of imprisoned perpetrators .
The government decided that the master planners and worst perpetrators would face formal justice .
But lower - level killers were allowed to publicly confess and apologize to the families of their victims at gacaca courts , where elders would hear grievances and decide on the punishments .
" In the gacaca court , I told them how we killed our fellow men , and I asked for forgiveness in front of the court , and the whole district was there , " Bizimana said .
" The people who died in this very area -- I knew all of them because they were our neighbors . "
Watch Bizimana describe how he killed Tutsis »
He places blame squarely on the extremist Hutu government at the time and on vile radio broadcasts that urged on the killers during the 100 - day slaughter .
" They were giving instructions all the time that was from the government , and so we thought it as the right thing because we were getting this instruction from the government , " Bizimana said .
He showed where he and a Hutu mob had killed 25 people , including members of Mukantabana 's family , a few yards from where he had just shared lunch with her .
" We used machetes , hoes and wooden clubs , " he told CNN .
Mukantabana admits that it was difficult to forgive .
She said she did not speak to Bizimana or his wife for four years after the killings .
What put her on the road to healing , she said , was the gacaca process .
" It has not just helped me , it has helped all Rwandans because someone comes and accepts what he did and he asks for forgiveness from the whole community , from all Rwandans , " she said .
Bizimana said he did just that .
" You go in front of the people like we are standing here and ask for forgiveness , " he said .
But despite his confession and apology , Mukantabana said , reconciliation would not have happened unless she had decided to open her heart and accept his pleas .
" I am a Christian , and I pray a lot , " she said , the pain etched in the lines on her face and around her sad eyes .
But the basket business also played a key role in forging forgiveness and reconciliation after the horror .
" We knew how to weave baskets , " Mukantabana explained .
" It helped unite Rwandans in this area because they accepted me as the master weaver , and I could not say , ' I am not taking your basket ' or ' I am not helping you because you did something bad to me . ' "
See photos of the women who have learned to forgive »
Macy 's sold the first " peace baskets " in 2005 , and officials say the deal generates between $ 300,000 and $ 400,000 a year .
A Rwandan weaver can earn about $ 14 per week -- a king 's ransom in a country where so many live on less than $ 1 per week .
The international project is a far cry from 1994 , when the United States , Europe , the United Nations and the rest of the world turned away while the genocide went unchecked in Rwanda .
" They did n't care ; they were totally indifferent , " Rwandan President Paul Kagame told CNN in his office in Kigali .
He said the world thought Rwanda " was just another bloody African situation where people just kill each other and that 's it . "
Watch Kagame explain why he sought reconciliation »
Today , Rwanda is an African success story .
It has one of the fastest economic growth rates in the region , one of the lowest crime rates and the lowest rate of HIV - AIDS .
About one - third of Rwanda 's cabinet are female ministers , and 48 percent of parliamentarians are women -- the highest anywhere in the world , according to the United Nations .
The country looks squeaky clean thanks to many local and national programs , including a mandatory policy that sees even government ministers participate in clean - up once a month .
Plastic bags are banned .
The international business community praises Rwanda 's good governance and the absence of official corruption or graft .
Kagame is credited not just with turning Rwanda around , but with being the driving force behind rejecting revenge .
" We were in danger of having another genocide , " he said .
" People were so badly aggrieved they could easily have turned on those they thought were responsible for this and actually killed them in another wave of killings .
But that did not happen , " he said .
" We said building a nation is the most important thing . "
Now no one talks about Hutus or Tutsis , he explained .
" There is Rwanda , there are Rwandans , and the common interest we have for a better future for this country is more important than any other interest . "
In Gitarama , Bizimana said , " It hurts my heart to see that I did something wrong to friends of my family , to people who we even shared meals with , " he said .
" I am still asking for forgiveness from the people I hurt . "
Amazingly , many seem to have forgiven .
All About Rwanda • Genocide
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Political observers have made much of John McCain ’s admission that he cannot use a computer without assistance .
In a campaign where McCain ’s opponent is 25 years younger than him , the factoid is potent ammunition for those who argue McCain is out of touch and too old for the presidency .
But not knowing your way around a MacBook does n’t mean you ca n’t be president .
And McCain ’s personal Ludditism is n’t a deal breaker for tech leaders .
“ I do n’t give a damn if McCain ever turns on a computer or not , ” Michael Arrington , coeditor of the blog TechCrunch wrote in January .
“ I just want a president who has the right top - down polices to support the information economy . ”
And where is McCain on tech policy ?
Not so shockingly , the computer - free senator ’s campaign is not as plugged in as his rival ’s .
In fact , his campaign website fails to address America ’s lagging performance on broadband access or affordability , the technological capabilities of the federal bureaucracy , or the Internet ’s ability to increase government transparency .
“ There are red flags , ” says Brian Reich , author of the book Media Rules ! : Mastering Today ’s Technology to Connect With and Keep Your Audience and the former editor of Campaign Web Review , a blog that tracked the use of the Internet by candidates , campaigns , and activists .
Barack Obama has embraced the Internet , with his thunderous online fundraising and sophisticated MyBO website .
( Plus , he ’s comfortable talking about what ’s on his iPod . )
Unsurprisingly , high - tech leaders hail his comprehensive tech policies .
Last fall , Obama went to Google headquarters to unveil his proposals related to information technology .
He covered the waterfront : broadband access , federal funding for the sciences , using the Internet as a tool to increase government accountability , and more .
He promised to appoint the nation ’s first Chief Technology Officer , a high - level staffer who will make sure that every federal agency has “ best - in - class technologies ” and uses best practices .
On his campaign website , Obama provides plenty of data on his information - technology stances :
He supports net neutrality , a pet issue of the netroots .
Net neutrality would prohibit network providers from making websites load faster if their owners pay higher fees .
In Obama ’s America , accessing www.nbc.com will take no more or less time than logging on to www.stuffwhitepeoplelike.com.
An Obama administration would seek to provide all Americans access to broadband Internet , the same way they have access to phones .
Obama says he would make technology literacy a priority for public schools .
His administration would aim to use technology — specifically , a nationwide switch to electronic medical records — to make health care more affordable .
Obama has proposed a “ Clean Technologies Deployment Venture Capital Fund , ” funded by $ 10 billion annually , that would make sure new renewable energy ideas make it to market .
He supports increasing federal funding for research in the sciences , and would emphasize math and science at K - 12 , undergraduate , and graduate levels .
Obama also calls for using technology to increase the transparency and effectiveness of the federal government .
He has called for creating a single government website to track grants , contracts , earmarks , and lobbyist contracts .
He ’d like to see the business of federal agencies conducted over live feeds that can be watched by anyone with an Internet connection .
He calls for the federal government to “ employ all the technological tools available to allow citizens not just to observe , but also to participate ” in these meetings .
And there ’s more : Cabinet officials hosting national town halls on the Internet ; permitting members of the public to post comments on pending bills on the White House website ; federal agencies employing blogs , wikis , and social networking tools .
He ’d like to see the US government as connected — and interconnected — with itself and the citizenry as technologically feasible .
The plan has won over techies .
Stanford law professor Lawrence Lessig , a demigod of the tech community , endorsed the Democrat , saying , “ Obama has committed himself to a technology policy for government that could radically change how government works . ”
Eric Schmidt , the chairman and CEO of Google , has said , “ Senator Obama ’s plan would help make sure that the Internet remains a free and open platform , and that America maintains an atmosphere of high - tech growth and innovation . ”
John McCain , as of yet , has few such fans in the tech sector .
His campaign website does not have a section about technology .
Sprinkled throughout the site are a handful of references to tech issues .
He promises to keep the Internet free of taxes , so “ this engine of economic growth and prosperity ” will not be threatened .
He advocates the “ rapid deployment of 21st century information systems and technology ” that would allow “ doctors to practice across state lines . ”
He would set up a $ 300 million prize for the developer of a “ battery package that has the size , capacity , cost and power to leapfrog the commercially available plug - in hybrids or electric cars . ”
Several passages mentioning technology ( and using plenty of capitalization ) are obtuse :
“ John McCain Will Streamline The Process For Deploying New Technologies And Requiring More Accountability From Government Programs To Meet Commercialization Goals And Deadlines . ”
“ John McCain Will Ensure Rapid Technology Introduction , Quickly Shifting Research From The Laboratory To The Marketplace . ”
But McCain ’s site is most elaborate when it refers to the danger the Internet poses to America ’s children , noting that McCain “ has been a leader in pushing legislation through Congress that requires all schools and libraries receiving federal subsidies for Internet connectivity to utilize technology to restrict access to sexually explicit material by children using such computers . ”
It also reports that “ John McCain has taken a hard line against pedophiles that would use the Internet to prey upon children by proposing the first - of - its - kind national online registry for persons who have been convicted of sex crimes against children . ”
Though McCain echoes Obama ’s call for greater government transparency , his website says little about how technology and the Internet can further that cause .
There is no mention of increasing access to broadband .
When asked about this in a ZDNet News questionnaire , McCain adopted a classically conservative approach , saying government policies should “ promote competition and reduce regulation in order to secure lower prices and higher - quality services for consumers . ”
His website also lacks a statement on net neutrality .
When prompted , though , he has seemed to come out against it , saying , “ When you control the pipe you should be able to get profit from your investment , ” suggesting a philosophical opposition to neutrality .
He has also made a dismissive reference to net neutrality as an attempt to “ micromanage American business and innovation . ”
The McCain campaign did not return an emailed request for comment .
Reich , the former editor of Campaign Web Review , is n’t willing to dismiss McCain ’s thin tech stance out of hand .
“ Most policy development is done by advisers and staff , so just because he does n’t have a technology policy that is clearly articulated does n’t mean I ’m going to give up on the prospect of John McCain being a supporter of future innovation , ” he says .
“ But he does have various gaps to fill in . ”
McCain ’s problem is that Obama has raised the bar .
“ All the people I know in the technology space are backing Barack Obama and not John McCain , ” says Reich .
That provides McCain with little incentive to do better .
“ John McCain probably has thoughts and feelings on technology , ” Reich adds .
“ But he does n’t see it as an electoral priority to talk about the role technology is going to play in our society going forward , because he ’s not going to raise any money from Silicon Valley liberals .
I think it ’s both a policy deficiency in his platform and a political deficiency in his strategy . ”
Michael Cornfield , author of Politics Moves Online : Campaigning and the Internet and a founder of George Washington University ’s Institute for Politics , Democracy , and the Internet , describes McCain ’s approach to technology as “ tangential . ”
In a charitable interpretation of McCain ’s lack of an information technology platform , Cornfield points out that it mirrors the “ classic Republican approach to the economy : laissez - faire , except where family values come into play .
McCain does n’t post any plans for technological development because the best plan from this perspective is , ‘ Stay out of R&D ’s way . ' ”
There is , of course , a less kind alternative .
Andrew Rasiej , the founder of the blog techPresident and the Personal Democracy Forum , says , “ McCain ’s interest in tech policy is about as robust as the Horse Traders Association ’s interest was in steam engines . ”
Art by flickr user p373 used under a Creative Commons license .
By GottaLaff
First this article , and now this cover ??
And both from the same issue :
UPDATE
Obama campaign
The New Yorker may think , as one of their staff explained to us , that their cover is a satirical lampoon of the caricature Senator Obama 's right - wing critics have tried to create .
But most readers will see it as tasteless and offensive .
And we agree .
UPDATE to the UPDATE -- McCain spokesman Tucker " Outward " Bounds quickly e-mailed : " We completely agree with the Obama campaign , it ’s tasteless and offensive . ” [...]
Howard Kurtz of The Washington Post said Sunday on his CNN media show “ Reliable Sources ” that the cover is arguably “ incendiary . ”
Vous venez de planifier le séjour de vos rêves à Saint Petersbourg .
Et vous ne voulez évidemment pas qu’il soit gâché par une prestation hôtelière [… ]
SPRINGFIELD , Massachusetts ( Reuters ) - Fugitive former hedge fund manager Samuel Israel III drove a motor scooter to a Massachusetts police station on Wednesday and surrendered , ending a nationwide manhunt after he staged his own suicide to avoid a 20 - year prison sentence .
Former hedge fund manager Samuel Israel III ( L ) is driven away by federal law enforcement officials from the U.S. District Court in Springfield , Massachusetts July 2 , 2008 after a hearing ordering him back to New York .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
Wearing a blue T - shirt and athletic shorts over his stout frame , Israel , 48 , appeared without a lawyer in U.S. District Court in Springfield , Massachusetts , hours after his mother had convinced him to turn himself over to police in the nearby town of Southwick , authorities said .
The 5 - foot - 11 , 200 - pound Israel asked the judge to send him to the low - security Devens prison in Ayer , Massachusetts , where he was originally scheduled to report on June 9 after his conviction in the longest - running fraud in the $ 2 trillion hedge fund industry .
“ I have significant medical issues , ” Israel , who admitted during his sentencing to being addicted to pain killers after a string of back surgeries , told the judge .
“ I do require daily medical attention . ”
He said he posed no danger to the community .
“ I have not done anything violent , ” Israel said .
“ If I was going to flee again , I would not have turned myself in . ”
U.S. District Judge Michael Ponsor rejected his pleas , saying , “ You could be at Devens right now if you wanted to be .
“ There is not the slightest possibility that I or any other judge would release you at this point , ” Ponsor told Israel before turning him over to U.S. Marshals .
They took him to a car outside the courthouse and drove him away .
Israel , now sporting a salt - and - pepper beard , was expected to face charges in New York related to his failure to report to prison .
He is also expected to be held at a facility where he could receive medical attention after telling authorities that he had taken morphine before surrendering “ perhaps in an effort to harm himself , ” a prosecutor said .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
MOTHER ’S TIP - OFF
Israel , who was hiding out in a mobile home at a campground in western Massachusetts , showed up at the Southwick police station on a Yamaha scooter .
His first attempt to surrender failed when he found no full - time police officer in the town of Granville , Mass .
His mother also told U.S. Marshals that her son was ready to end the chase .
“ Sam Israel was in contact with his mother right before he came in , and she called us to let us know , ” said Dave Turner , a Marshals ’ spokesman .
“ He gave up because of the intense pressure of the manhunt . ”
Southwick , a town in the Pioneer Valley near the Connecticut border , is about 100 miles southwest of Boston .
It is not far from where Israel was to report to federal prison on June 9 , the day his GMC Envoy was found parked on a bridge above the Hudson River , its engine idling and the words “ suicide is painless ” etched in dust on its hood .
Israel , who co-founded Connecticut hedge fund Bayou Group , in 2005 pleaded guilty to a scheme to fabricate returns and cheat investors out of $ 450 million .
He was sentenced in April .
The scion of a prominent New Orleans family , Israel had told investors , including Mets baseball team owner Fred Willpon , that he had years of experience in hedge funds .
Ten days after Israel disappeared , authorities arrested his girlfriend on charges of aiding and abetting his disappearance .
She admitted to helping Israel pack his belongings in a recreational vehicle and attach a blue motor scooter to the back , and driving him on the day he vanished .
Bayou ’s collapse still ranks as the hedge fund industry ’s longest - running fraud , with Israel and his partners fabricating performance numbers and making up a fake auditor to sign off on the data .
“ Investors are ready for him to report to jail .
It ’s been a long , difficult process for them and I hope this will be the last chapter , ” said Ross Intelisano , a partner at Rich & Intelisano , a New York law firm that represented investors defrauded in the Bayou scandal .
“ I think he thinks that he ’s sick enough that he would have died in jail in 20 years anyway , so he thought he had nothing to lose , ” Intelisano said .
The U.S. attorney who prosecuted Israel said on Wednesday $ 115.6 million of the funds have been found and will be returned to harmed investors .
By
June 2008 --
The township of Alexandra outside Johannesburg , South Africa , has a long history of resistance to oppression and exploitation .
In the late 1950s Alex ( as it is popularly referred to ) was the centre of bus boycotts against increases in fares and of struggles against apartheid , in the 1980s Alex was the centre of building street committees that represented what were then called ``organs of people ’s power ’’ – forms of alternative government to the apartheid state , and in 2002 the event that announced the presence of the new social movements on the South African post - apartheid political landscape – the 20,000 - strong march led by the Social Movements United – took place in Alex .
The fact that it was Alex that would go down in history as the township that expressed most publicly the reactionary attitudes held by working - class people against fellow working - class people from other parts of Africa throws into sharp relief the process of political and organisational decline that has been underway within the South Africa ’s working class since 1994 .
[ A note on language : throughout this article I have battled with the question of how to refer to fellow Africans who are not South African citizens , and who were born in other African countries .
Against the background of the violent outbreak of xenophobia , we have become sensitive to how we refer to fellow Africans from across our borders .
Indeed , some who harbour the same reactionary perspectives that led to the outbreak are learning how to sound ``politically correct ’’ .
The issue of sensitivity , however , goes far beyond not calling our class sisters and brothers by derogatory names .
Even words like immigrants , foreigners , foreign nationals , undocumented workers and so on , carry their own ideological baggage .
In various ways and to varying degrees their use belongs to various interpretive schemas that we criticise , and that we are committed to overcoming .
As Marx remarked , in the struggle for the new society , the society of the future , we may find that we do not have words to capture the world we seek to create .
For now , following Marx , we have to hope that as we build this new society the content will go beyond the phrase . ]
The ANC , COSATU and the demobilisation of the working class
In the many discussions and analyses that followed the violent outbreak of xenophobia , very little discussion has been devoted to the relationship between the state of organisation of working class and the outbreak of xenophobic violence .
For many mainstream analysts and commentators , as well as more left - leaning analysts , the xenophobia outbreak has been analysed only from the standpoint of lack of service delivery by the government , or from the standpoint of the role of various organs of the state like the South African Police Service and the Department of Home Affairs .
Even in the few cases in which the question of organisation has been raised ( such as by the Institute for Democracy in South Africa ( IDASA ) -- albeit in the language of ``institutional politics ’’ that informs this organisation ’s worldview ) the issue of organisation in the townships has been conceptualised mainly from the point of how it facilitated progressive responses by either preventing the outbreak from turning violent , or in stopping violence from continuing or spreading .
The presence or absence , the strength or weakness , of working - class organisations dealing with social and political issues is however a fundamental factor in understanding the rise of retrogressive tendencies within the working class .
In many discussions following the outbreak of xenophobic violence , many participants have spoken about the need to ``educate ’’ the South African public about various issues , including the role African countries have played in the liberation of South Africa .
The point at issue , however , is that within the working class there is no shortage of ``education ’’ , of the process formation of opinions about non-citizens from African countries .
Indeed , so strong is this process of ``education ’’ that it transformed into organised violent action .
The critical question , therefore , is why there has been such a lack of progressive political education and action within working - class communities ?
Why is it that only in a few isolated instances have we seen such progressive political interventions emerge ?
Why is it that , notwithstanding the national political hegemony of the African National Congress ( ANC ) and its allies ( the Congress of South African Trade Union , the South African Communist Party and the South African National Civics Organisation – which together boast millions of members in South Africa ’s black townships ) , do we have such deep - seated xenophobic views in the townships ?
There are two possible answers to these questions : either the ANC and its allies hold deep - seated xenophobic views , and therefore what we saw was their members playing out these views in practice .
Alternatively , the political hegemony of the ANC and its allies is based on the political demobilisation of the working class .
And so while the mass of the township residents vote for the ANC and support its allies , their political opinions are no longer formed through the political views of the ANC as an organisation .
While xenophobic views have seeped into the leading layers of the Congress alliance , the primary explanation for the growth of these views within the working class lies in the political and organisational demobilisation of the working class that has been underway since 1994 , if not since 1990 .
The daily political work of the ANC and its allies in townships consists in the fight of its small active core for business opportunities , government tenders , positions in the local state , patronage and careerism at various levels .
So bad is this state of affairs that in the run-up to the ANC ’s 2007 national congress in Polokwane the then secretary - general of the ANC Kgalema Motlhanthe saw fit to argue that the struggles between various factions in the ANC had no political or ideological basis , but were rather struggles for control of resources at various levels of the state .
The branches of the ANC , in other words , are not organs expressing the needs and political aspirations of the ordinary township resident .
To the extent , therefore , that ANC branches ’ main preoccupation is the politics of self - enrichment and patronage , the ANC and its allies ’ hegemony is grounded on the political and organisational demobilisation of the working class in South Africa ’s townships .
The political strength of the ANC with its neoliberal economic and political orientation is therefore a combination of three circumstances : its historical role as leader of the liberation struggle ; the fact that all the opposition parties in parliament are located on the right of the ANC and are therefore unable to attract any support from the working class that still has memories of the struggle against apartheid ; and the political and organisational demobilisation of the working class including the weakness of left currents within it .
Of the various members of the Congress alliance , COSATU probably retains some measure of being ``left ’’ in the eyes of ( a diminishing section of ) the public , and among some left groups .
Not only has COSATU failed to undertake any political and organisational work around a problem that has been developing within the working class over the last few years , but we see in COSATU an instance where xenophobic views seep into a leading organisation of the working class , even though such views come packaged in the traditional rhetoric of being anti-employer , anti-capitalist and so on .
In its May 28 ( 2008 ) Central Eexecutive Committee statement COSATU loses all sense of working - class internationalism .
While the rhetoric remains , both COSATU ’s analysis of the outbreak of xenophobia , and the solutions it proposes , have an undertone of national chauvinism and xenophobia .
While it is not the intention of this article to engage in an extended analysis of COSATU ’s views and responses to xenophobia over a long period , one example will suffice : COSATU blames employers for “ employing foreign immigrants , especially the illegal ones ” , and calls on ``employers to stop taking advantage of the desperate situation of foreign nationals ” .
No mention of the need to organise the workers ( especially the “ illegal ones ” ! ) into unions , but rather a call on employers to fire “ the illegal ones ” !
In every aspect of its CEC statement following the xenophobic violence , COSATU has remained true to its “ proudly South African ” perspective – a perspective that is as ( national ) chauvinistic as it is xenophobic .
SANCO , on the other hand , has in some cases dispensed with the rhetoric and speaks in openly xenophobic terms about ``immigrants ’’ stealing RDP houses [ cheap houses built under the Redistribution and Development Program ] .
In many cases of attacks , as in Alex for example , ANC councillors deflected the pressure of demands for more and better housing onto ``immigrants ’’.
Local councillors are notorious for soliciting and accepting bribes for houses – from both South Africans and non-citizens .
Activists from townships affected by the outbreaks have noted the xenophobic role played by councillors when confronted about the corruption in the allocation of RDP houses .
The political and organisational weaknesses of the new social movements
The process of the weakening of working - class organisations , which has been variously referred to as the ``weakening of civil society ’’ , has continued to deepen even with the rise of the ``new social movements ’’ around 1998 / 9 .
The period between 1998/9 and 2002/ 3 saw the emergence of a number of new organisations taking up social and political issues .
In particular , this period saw the emergence of the Anti-Privatisation Forum ( APF ) , the Landless People ’s Movement ( LPM ) , Jubilee South Africa ( JSA ) and the Social Movements Indaba ( SMI ) .
In addition to these more high - profile movements , a host of other local organisations taking up ``social delivery ’’ struggles also emerged .
Side by side with the emergence of these new organisations , various working - class communities also engaged in struggles against lack of basic services in their communities , even though these did not always lead to the formation of organisations .
While the struggles waged by various communities around social delivery have continued to increase in number and in some cases to grow in intensity , the organised formations that have emerged out of the 1998 to 2003 period have gone into decline .
Together with other comrades , in a number of interventions over the last few years , I have analysed this process of decline of the new social movements , its sources and its dynamics [ see for example my paper published in the Khanya Journal , issue no .
11 – “ The new social movements , COSATU and the ‘ new UDF ’’’ ] .
The outbreak of xenophobic violence in communities in which the new movements are active , in particular Alex , Bophelong and Katlehong among others , revealed the lack of implantation of the new movements in these communities .
On the other hand , the absence of any of the new movements in other communities in which there were outbreaks reinforced the same point : the new movements are both politically and organisationally weak , and were thus unable to act as a counterweight to the organisational and political demobilisation of the working class that has been spearheaded by the Congress alliance .
The xenophobia attacks and strategic political questions facing the new movements
The outbreak of xenophobia in various working - class communities raises important political questions for the new social movements .
In particular , these events raise three fundamental political questions :
How do the new social movements understand the sources of this outbreak ?
What political attitude should the new movements take to the presence of Africans who are not citizens of South Africa ? , and What political demands and strategic slogans should the movements adopt in the struggle against the outbreaks of xenophobia ?
i . How do the new social movements understand the sources of the xenophobia outbreak ?
In the memorandum delivered by the Coalition Against Xenophobia ( CAX ) on the May 24 , 2008 , the new social movements identified neoliberalism , and in particular the policies of the ANC government , as the basic source of the xenophobia outbreak .
As the memorandum argues , “ those who have openly attacked others have claimed that South Africans are being denied access to scarce jobs , basic services , and better lives because of the need to compete with people from other African countries for limited resources ” .
The memorandum goes on to counter this view and argues that the “ poverty and unemployment are … a result of the neoliberal macro- economic policies that all African countries have adopted ” .
This position , in its basic outline and with more direct reference to the GEAR policies [ GEAR is the acronym of the ANC ’s neoliberal austerity macroeconomic policy ] of the South African government in particular , was adopted in the press statement issued by the APF and its
Alex affiliate , the Alexandra Vukuzenzele Crisis Committee on May 13 .
The position adopted by the movements is shared by many : it is now commonly accepted that xenophobia represents a form of ``competition for resources ’’ between South African and non-South African sections of the working class , even though it is argued that this perception on the part of the South African working class is ``misguided ’’ and ``untrue ’’ .
The basic problem with this position is that it assumes a direct connection between the presence of immigrants living and working in poor townships and the violent xenophobia outbreak .
As an analysis of the xenophobia outbreak this position in fact ends its analysis where it should begin the task of analysis .
The key question for the movements and other progressives is the following : in a context of falling living standards and rising poverty within the working class , why does the South African working class ’ response to these conditions take the form of xenophobia .
Why for example , have we not seen the outbreak of so - called ``food riots ’’ , riots against fuel increases and in general riots against neoliberalism and its effects ?
This task of analysis needs to be undertaken in its own right , and it needs to engage the many standpoints on the xenophobia outbreak adopted in the public debate .
For the purposes of this article it is important to note that in all the practical accounts of the outbreak in various townships a number of social actors make their appearance over and over again .
These are : the local businesspeople , local councillors ( ANC as well as other parties ) , SANCO functionaries and members of the Community Policing Forums ( CPF ) .
All these actors and institutions share a common class basis – the petty bourgeoisie of the townships .
As I argued earlier , all that the ANC at the local level has become is to be an organ for organising the self - enrichment by the petty bourgeoisie of the townships .
It is the specific response of these strata of the population to the specific economic crisis that has taken the form of agitation for a xenophobic response .
On the other hand , it is the political and organisational weakness of the formations of the working class that has made it possible for the petty bourgeoisie of the townships to define the way the response to the crisis has unfolded .
There are a whole range of developments through which the hegemony of the xenophobic view of the world has gained ascendancy within the working class , and these need to be analysed .
The fundamental point for me is that in our analysis of the xenophobia outbreak we need to put the political and organisational weaknesses of progressive and left currents within the working class at the centre of our analysis .
We need to avoid ``structuralist ’’ explanations that imply an automatic transmission belt from poverty , the presence of immigrants in townships , to xenophobic attitudes , and to a violent xenophobic outbreak .
We need to ground our analysis in a class analysis of society and its social dynamics .
In the case of COSATU and many others who have adopted this line of analysis , these structuralist explanations have led to national chauvinistic and xenophobic responses to the outbreak .
From identifying the mere presence of immigrants and poverty side by side , a political position that seeks to ``treat them humanely ’’ but to send ``them ’’ ``back ’’ , to police ``our ’’ borders more ``efficiently ’’ , to put ``them ’’ into camps , to ensure that the countries from which these ``economic refugees ’’ come are fixed so that they do not have to come to South Africa , and so on and so on .
To their major credit , while sharing the errors of analysis of the structuralists , the social movements ’ political instincts have prevented them from falling into the political slide of COSATU and right - wing analysts .
By holding on to a perspective that “ no one is illegal ” , the social movements provide a way out of the crisis that is truly internationalist , and that is morally defensible in the eyes of the world .
ii .
What political attitude should the new movements take to the presence of Africans who are not citizens of SA ?
By arguing that “ no one is illegal ” the social movements and other left currents in the country have taken a bold and brave political attitude .
Within the social movements we need to clarify among ourselves the social , economic , political and cultural basis of this position .
In its CEC statement dealing with the outbreak , COSATU , with characteristic left - sounding rhetoric , argued that “ had the government decisively intervened some ten years ago when it became clear that the Zimbabwe situation was deteriorating , the Zimbabweans would not have found it necessary to leave their country in droves ” .
For the different countries different reasons will be found , but the central argument of COSATU and others is that the immigrant should not be here in South Africa , and that the South African state needs to do something to ensure that they stay at home .
Without immigrants in South Africa , so the logic goes , we would not have xenophobia .
Immigration into South Africa will not be stopped by some action that will or can be undertaken by the South African state .
On the contrary , it is the actions of the South African state that ensure that immigration into South Africa will continue with or without the Zimbabwean crisis .
As an agent of South African capital , the South African state is responsible for policies that undermine African economies , it is responsible for policies that extract wealth from Africa into South Africa , and it is responsible for policies that are concentrating the capital of the continent – both human and financial – into South Africa .
As sure as day follows night , the movement of people will always follow the movement of capital .
The direction of migration in the Africa continent will be towards South Africa , and can only be changed once South Africa loses its position of hegemony on the continent .
African ``immigrants ’’ are therefore here to stay , and no amount of ostrich politics on the part of COSATU will change this .
Any progressive political policy must be based on the fact that working - class people from other countries in Africa are now a permanent feature of South African life and its future .
Second , all the commentators and organisations who argue for keeping fellow Africans out of South Africa are – wittingly or unwittingly – acting as slaves and retainers of capital .
We all know that while these people make up all sorts of educated arguments to keep working - class Africans out of the country , capital has no restrictions in its movement across borders .
Further , the same people will openly accept so - called skilled ``immigrants ’’ from African countries .
Third , given the role of South African capital on the continent , given the free movement of capital , the capitalist , and the upper middle classes across borders , it is not possible to speak of a ``South African ’’ economy without acknowledging its regional and continental character .
Not only has this been true for South Africa for more than a hundred years , but this integration of the regional economies into the South African economy , and the transformation of the regional markets into South African markets , has accelerated since 1994 .
Fourth , by undermining the economies of Africa and of the region , by integrating them into the economy of South Africa , South African capital thereby transforms the entire working class of the region into an industrial reserve army – a pool of labour from which South African capital can draw as and when it wishes .
For South African trade unions it is therefore shortsighted to think that they can resolve the downward pressure on South African wages exerted by this industrial reserve army by locking the working class of the region outside the borders of South Africa .
In a globalising world , in a world of mobile capital , capital will relocate in search of relatively more exploitable labour .
Indeed , notwithstanding all the arrogance and pretensions of COSATU , viewed from the vantage point of the global economy , the South African working class is itself part of a global industrial reserve army , and can therefore be seen as exerting a downward pressure on working class wages in the northern hemisphere .
The South African state understands this , and in fact trades on this when it ``attracts ’’ foreign capital into South Africa .
Fifth , an impression is created that the working class in the region competes with the local working class , and thus by coming to South Africa is responsible for declining services and lower wages .
This is the view of COSATU and some commentators .
The fact of the matter , however , is that the primary source of declining services and downward pressure on wages comes from the mobility of capital , its ability to relocate to other countries .
It is this pressure that acts as a disciplining force , that ensures that the South African states sticks to its GEAR policy , that ensures that the South African state dare not raise the taxes on corporations to fund service delivery , and that ensures that the South African Reserve Bank is the most energetic proponent of low wages in South Africa .
By blaming working - class people from other parts of the continent COSATU and its like - thinking intellectuals merely act as a cover for capital , and as capital ’s retainers .
Fellow African working - class people from other parts of Africa are therefore not only here to stay , but they have as much right to the wealth of ``South Africa ’’ as workers who are South African citizens .
They are as much producers of this wealth as are workers who are South African citizens .
Our fellow Africans can in no way be accused , except by bigots , racists and xenophobes , of being the cause of ``economic competition ’’ , of the impoverishment of the South African working class .
For the South African social movements the position that was presented in the memorandum on the May 24 , 2008 – “ No one is illegal ! ” – becomes , against the background of the arguments presented above , profound , truly internationalist and revolutionary .
Its logical conclusion is a political platform that does not comprise with imperialism , racism , bigotry and xenophobia .
iii .
What political demands and strategic slogans should the movement adopt in the struggle against xenophobia ?
“ For open borders ! ” “ No one is illegal ! ” These strategic slogans are the only politically consistent and morally defensible demands that the new social movements can adopt in the struggle against xenophobia .
Let us look at these strategic slogans more closely .
On strategic slogans and demands
Before we can examine the political meaning of these slogans , a word needs to be said about strategic slogans or demands in general .
Strategic slogans represent the demand or demands that come out of a whole line of analysis , and these particular demands must be able to articulate with and feed into a whole set of subsidiary demands .
For example , the strategic slogan in many antiwar movements is ``Troops out ! ’’
This slogan is a demand that brings together a whole analysis of imperialism ; the rights of nations to self - determination ; an analysis of how the costs of wars are devolved onto local populations back ``home ’’ and so on .
In this sense of strategic slogans , the memorandum of the social movement on May 24 does not articulate any strategic slogans .
More importantly , however , is the fact that the memorandum is unable to organise its demands in a way that shows an appreciation of the need to create a political platform that can be used to guide the movement ’s approach when it deals with various immediate and concrete situations .
Thus , the slogan of ``no one is illegal ’’ is raised in a context of calls to “ suspend and revisit existing policies relating to immigration , in particular those regarding the definition and treatment of refugees , both political and economic – no one is illegal ! ”
The political confusion in the memorandum is clear .
If no one is illegal , then the ``definition and treatment of refugee ’’ does not even arise .
After all , the definition of refugee takes place in law , and will by definition render one or other person ``illegal ’’ to the extent that they do not satisfy the strictures of the ``new ’’ definition .
The drafters of the memorandum were themselves not conscious of the profound political implications of their call that “ No one is illegal ! ” - they were not conscious that they were moving outside of the juridical categories of the bourgeois state .
Second , strategic slogans need to be grounded in , and to deal , with the immediate political conjuncture .
There is a tendency in our movements to present slogans or demands that are of such general application that they apply to any and all political conjunctures and situations .
For example , the demand in the memorandum that the government must “ suspend the neoliberal macro- economic policy approach , and instead provide access for all who live in South Africa … ” can be advanced just about all the time .
It has no concreteness or specificity , and it fails to present our movement to the public as a movement that deals with concrete situations .
All that the public hears is the same demand no matter what the situation is .
From a theoretical point of view , this tendency of demanding ``socialism ’’ is a case of confusing strategic or tactical slogans with one ’s analysis .
In our analysis we have to position all our struggles within a consistent analysis of neoliberalism , of GEAR and of its effects on the working class .
This is necessary in order to ensure that as we intervene around different issues and in different terrains of struggles we are able to ensure political consistency .
But for each of the issues ( housing , water , xenophobia and so on ) we have to arrive at concrete strategic slogans or demands , and these must arise out of the concrete nature of the issue that we are dealing with – in other words they must be specific .
The strategic slogan of “ open borders ! ” satisfies the concept of strategic slogans used in this sense .
In our discussion above we see how the call for “ open borders ” is a logical outcome of a whole line of analysis beginning with how the movements should understand the sources of the outbreak , and moving on to what attitude we must adopt to the presence of fellow Africans from other countries in Africa .
In the discussion that follows I will not discuss a range of immediate demands that the movements and others have made , and that need to be taken up .
What concerns me here is to develop the logic of the key strategic slogan of open borders , to clarify its meaning , and to defend it against its detractors .
Is a position of ‘ open borders ’ an impossible one that can only bring chaos and collapse ?
Visions of political chaos and economic collapse that will follow the ``floods ’’ of Africans into South Africa have been conjured up in order to frighten the people of South Africa into agreeing to xenophobic and racist solutions to dealing with brutal socioeconomic policies .
Indeed , for a long time South Africa ’s commercial press has created an image of Africans from other parts of the continent that brings up images of disease , theft , murder , rape and even potholes and broken windows in shops and houses across the length and breath of the country .
Against this background as social movements we have to confront these visions , arm ourselves to educate our class and our people .
First , we need to be clear that for certain social classes a position of “ open borders ” already exists .
We know that capital , capitalists and the upper middle classes already enjoy -- legally and / or in practice -- a policy of open borders .
South African capital can invest freely in the continent , it can repatriate ``its ’’ profits back into South Africa freely , and can move and relocate its staff and other assets just as freely .
We also know that the upper middle classes , who now travel rather frequently to countries all over Africa , can move freely into these countries .
Indeed , increasingly South Africans do not need visas to travel into many African countries , and it is a specific project of the Department of Foreign Affairs to facilitate smooth travel and access by South African citizens ( read capitalists and the upper middle classes ) into Africa .
Further , the South African working class , when it does travel into other countries , also enjoys the “ conquests ” of ``its ’’ capitalist class and does not need visas to enter these countries .
The social movements of South Africa were beneficiaries of the open borders that South Africans enjoy when they attended the World Social Forum in Nairobi in 2007 .
Many of us cannot imagine what a nightmare it would have been from a logistical point of view if all the 200 plus activists – some of whom had not travelled before – needed visas to enter Kenya !
On the other hand , many of the middle classes of Africa , the so - called skilled people , also enjoy if not an open border policy , then certainly something that is very close to an open border policy .
Many of us in South Africa bemoan the terrible state of the country ’s education .
Little do we realise that the flip side of the bad education coin is that the South African state and ruling class is viewing African as its recruiting ground for the skilled labour .
And so the Department of Home Affairs is under constant pressure to streamline and liberalise its administrative procedures for this category of workers .
We all know that we do not even need to discuss the open borders enjoyed by the people with white skins – from all classes -- who come from Europe and North America .
And so it turns out that the only people who are excluded from the “ open borders ” policy is the working class of African countries .
Not only is the working class of these African countries exploited by South African capital , not only do they produce South Africa ’s wealth , but they are not good enough to grace the hallowed streets of South Africa ’s cities .
In addition to it being a case of class prejudice , for a country with South Africa ’s history it also has undertones of racism .
Has a policy of open borders been practiced anywhere ?
If one were to listen to the army of rather hysterical ``analysts ’’ and ``commentators ’’ one would think that there are no countries or groups of countries that practice a policy of open borders .
In fact , while having their own governments and even their own national identity , the countries of the European Union ( EU ) practice a policy of open borders among themselves .
Citizens of each of the 25 countries , while having to carry their passports when going into the other countries , do not need visas and can move freely within the EU .
Does a policy of open borders mean all the countries must have the same level of economic development ?
Another way of putting this question is whether a policy of open borders implies a policy of ( so - called ) economic “ convergence ” ?
Wo n’t all the citizens of Zimbabwe , for example , start streaming across the border to come to economically developed South Africa ?
The reality of the matter is that the countries of the EU that are less developed have not become depopulated as a result a policy of open borders .
Or to bring it closer home , there are still people living in the Eastern Cape and in Limpopo [ provinces ] notwithstanding the fact that these provinces are in many ways much poorer than Gauteng , and the people there enjoy a lower standard of living than those in Gauteng .
Therefore , if we leave aside the fear of the dark Africa , of the ``horde ’’ of Africans coming to defile our lily - white suburbs ( with a few lily - white blacks ) , then we have no basis to believe that the Zimbabweans will behave in any manner that is different to the people of the Eastern Cape .
There will be some people – invariably always a minority – that will move and migrate .
In a regime of open borders we will see more and more South Africans also move across borders , first to visit , make friends and even marry (! ) , and then settle .
A policy of open borders therefore does not need to imply economic convergence , although it may facilitate and encourage such convergence .
What are the political implications of this policy for the role of the South African state in the region ?
Probably the thing that terrifies capital , its state , its party ( the ANC ) and its band of retainers ( the many intellectuals that justify capital ’s existence ) the most is that a policy of open borders means the South African state can no longer easily treat Africa , and in particular Southern Africa , as a place to extract wealth .
Certainly , South Africa will for some time to come continue to be the economic centre of the region , but an open borders policy will constitute the first step towards recognising the fact that other African nationals have a claim on the wealth that is now concentrated in Johannesburg .
In other words , a policy like this will constitute the first step towards ensuring that the destiny of South Africa is much more closely tied to the destiny of the countries of the region , and further on of the continent .
It is equally clear , though , that a policy of open borders , on its own , does not imply that there will be no GEAR , no neoliberalism or no South African economic hegemony .
The strategic slogan of open borders aims to deal with the issue of xenophobia in a globalising social and economic environment by creating the basis for solidarity of the dominated classes across borders .
But it only creates the basis : the real struggle to overcome xenophobia within the working class , and to therefore strengthen the struggle against neoliberalism , is to build the organisations of the working class .
In particular , we will only take the giant step on this road when we have large numbers of non-citizens who become active members of our social movements .
What are the implications of this perspective for the struggle to build an anti-globalisation movement at a regional level ?
The adoption of a strategic slogan of ``open borders ’’ by the social movements in South Africa will be a great boost to the struggle for a regional anti-globalisation movement .
This is not only because it is necessary for the South African movements to restore their credibly as comrades in arms in the army of the working class in the region , but also because it allows us to begin putting together a perspective that we can use to engage other movements in the region .
South Africa is not the only country that suffers from xenophobia , or from the presence of immigrant communities in the midst of local communities .
To varying degrees all the countries of the region face similar problems .
A perspective of ``open borders ’’ may provide a strategic slogan that unites our struggles on this front across the entire region .
Against this background , we have to register the profound disappointment with the Coalition Against Xenophobia that at this late stage in the development of the struggle against xenophobia it has not engaged our sister movements on continent .
A long - term positive spin - off of the open border perspective is that over time we will create a regional activist cadre this will see its commitment to struggle in regional and continental terms , and that will be knowledgeable about the conditions of struggle in a number of countries .
The xenophobia attacks and the strategic organisational questions facing the social movements
I have argued that the political and organisational demobilisation of the working class since at least 1994 forms a key element in how we should understand the recent xenophobia outbreak .
Deepening the organisation of the social movements , and with it their ability to organise and intervene around developments such as the xenophobia outbreak , is a key strategic task facing the social movements .
Only the working class can liberate itself
Overcoming these political and organisational weaknesses can however only be undertaken by the working class itself .
The principle of the self - emancipation of the working class has been central to the way the working - class movement has approached the struggle for social justice for more than 150 years .
We would therefore presume that this principle , especially for a trade union , should be as elementary to its thought as the air we breathe .
After COSATU ’s CEC statement on the xenophobia outbreak , however , it has become necessary to again assert this principle .
Throughout the CEC statement COSATU makes calls to capital and to the state in its various manifestations .
Employers must donate money , the government must “ decisively intervene ” in Zimbabwe , the Department of Home Affairs must “ control immigration efficiently and humanely ” .
Indunas are also implored not to act on behalf of “ certain political parties ” and so on .
And what role is COSATU meant to play in all this ?
COSATU will hold meetings ( shopsteward councils ) to “ argue that the working class must not turn its guns against itself ” .
And if , as COSATU argues , the ``unscrupulous employers ’’ are restructuring the labour market outside the legal framework by employing “ a pool of workers who are not members of the unions ” , what is the federation going to do to correct this situation ?
Well , again COSATU calls on employers to “ stop taking advantage of the desperate situation of foreign nationals ” .
And how will employers rectify this existing situation ?
Only by firing the foreign nationals already in their employ will the employers “ stop taking advantage of the foreign nationals ” .
We have here a classic example of a workers ’ organisation asking the capitalist class – which is in the business of exploiting workers – to dismiss workers .
This is unlike unions in other parts of the world , which are engaged in the difficult task of organising undocumented immigrant workers , and therefore ensuring that in words and deed they are “ creatures that only survive on unity and international solidarity ” .
For COSATU international solidarity clearly applies only when the worker from Zimbabwe stays put in Zimbabwe – the minute they cross the border COSATU asks the employers to fire them .
Here we have a classic case of the abandonment of the fundamental principle that only the working class can liberate itself .
As we seek to overcome the political and organisational weaknesses of the working class , as we seek to struggle to overcome the xenophobia within the working class , and as we seek to struggle to rollback the forces of reaction that promote xenophobia and racism , we need to hold on to this fundamental principle of working class organisation .
Is it possible to organise immigrant communities and workers ?
The principle of the self - emancipation of the working class , when raised in the context of organising immigrant communities , confronts us with the fundamental question of whether is it possible to organise immigrant workers or communities .
Again , we have to ask this fundamental yet mundane question because the country ’s largest labour federation has adopted a position and actions that argue that its not possible to organise immigrant workers .
According to COSATU ’s CEC statement on the xenophobia outbreak , “ the illegal immigrants have no recourse whatsoever , as they believe reporting any abuse to the SAPS and the CCMA will lead them to being deported back to their countries ” .
Why is reporting to the organisations of the working class no recourse ?
Why is it that COSATU , this “ most advanced detachment of the working class ” ( CEC statement ) , does not present itself as recourse ?
Either COSATU does not want to organise immigrant workers , or COSATU thinks its impossible to organise immigrant workers .
In fact , the reason why COSATU does not offer itself as a shield is that it does not want to organise immigrant workers , and to justify this dereliction of its working - class duty it has to create a ``theory ’’ of the impossibility of organising immigrant workers .
We do know , however , that by its very nature capitalism creates different strata of the working class with different characteristics and temperaments .
In South Africa itself , we have experience of how in the early years of the formation of the modern trade union movement and the mass movement migrant workers were particularly difficult to organise .
We have the experience of how failure to understand this , especially among the school - going youth , led to violent outbreaks between urbanised sections of the working class and the migrant sections of the same class .
No one , except agents of the apartheid state and capital , argued that it was impossible to organise the migrants , that the migrants “ had no recourse whatsoever ” .
And this notwithstanding the fact that the migrants workers always faced the prospects ( and actually suffered the reality ) of losing their jobs and being deported to the so - called homelands .
Who can forget how miners on South African mines were periodically deported en mass to the homelands and to neighbouring countries when the mine bosses tried to break union organising and strikes on the mines ?
Who can forget the determination and resilience of the migrant workers on the mines to belong to militant unions in the face of this attack by the bosses ?
And who can forget that these miners were both of South African and non-South African origin ?
Has organising immigrant workers become any more impossible or any more difficult with the advent of globalisation and the vulnerabilities of workers and communities it has brought in its wake ?
The answer has to be an emphatic no !
New challenges in organising immigrant workers and communities , yes !
The impossibility of organising these communities and workers , no !
If immigrant workers and immigrants in South Africa have not joined local trade unions we need to ask why is that the case ?
We need to answer this question , and not create theories that say immigrant communities have “ no recourse whatsoever ” .
What is the experience of organising immigrant communities and workers in South Africa ?
The experience of organising immigrant communities in South Africa is a relatively new one .
In fact , there is almost no experience of organising undocumented workers by South African trade unions .
In general , South African trade unions have watched anti-immigrant attitudes develop among their members and have done very little to combat this .
Over a long period the unions , in particular COSATU , have adopted anti-immigrant worker positions .
On the other hand , over the last few years there have been attempts by the new social movements to either organise immigrant communities or to develop links with organisations that have emerged within immigrant communities .
The sources of these organising initiatives , or of the impulse to organise among the immigrant communities , have been three - fold :
i. Participation in the anti-globalisation movement and ideological sensitisation
At a relatively early phase of their development the South African social movements linked up with the international anti-globalisation movement through the World Social Forum processes .
In particular , the participation of the new social movements in the Southern African Social Forum has exposed the movements to the region , and sensitised them to issues relating to the presence of immigrant communities in South Africa .
While the participation of the social movements in the international anti-globalisation movement did not always lead to direct action or campaigns around issues affecting immigrant communities , it did provide a basis for a certain measure of ideological sensitisation to immigrant issues .
In the course of their participation in these anti-globalisation initiatives , three practical initiatives that were important in sensitising the movements to regional issues were the mobilisations and the march during the World Summit on Sustainable Development ( WSSD ) in 2002 , the fact - finding mission of the Social Movements Indaba to Zimbabwe in 2005 and the participation in the WSF encounter in Nairobi in 2007 .
These political interventions , ensured that the political orientation of the new social movements would be progressive and internationalist .
The interventions prevented the movements from going the way of COSATU – the way of national chauvinism and thinly veiled xenophobia .
This is not to say that individual members of the movements do not harbour xenophobic views .
On the contrary .
But the organisations themselves have maintained consistently internationalist positions and political attitudes .
Of the membership - based organisations in South Africa only the new social movements can walk with their heads high in the aftermath of the outpouring of xenophobic attitudes among South African citizens .
ii .
Initiatives to organise immigrant communities or to link up with their organisations
In addition to participation in the social forum processes , the new social movements have been involved in various attempts to either organise or to link up with organisations of immigrant communities .
In Johannesburg , one of the APF affiliates , the ( Johannesburg ) Inner City Forum took up issues affecting immigrant communities , though in a limited manner .
More important has been attempts by the APF to link up with organisations of immigrant workers .
In 2006 , the Ubuntu International Forum was formed .
The UIF brought together organisations of immigrant workers and mainly APF affiliates in Johannesburg to take up issues affecting immigrant communities .
With the assistance of Khanya College , the UIF published a newsletter , ran workshops on xenophobia and undertook programs to sensitise the public about issues affecting immigrant communities .
iii .
The role of support organisations working with the new social movements
An important role in the development of work with and among immigrant communities over the last few years has been played by support organisations or NGOs working with social movements .
In particular , the work of Khanya College , an NGO based in Johannesburg , has been instrumental in the development of anti-xenophobia consciousness within the new movements , and in facilitating practical work by the new social movements on the issue of xenophobia .
In particular , Khanya College has been instrumental in facilitating the participation of the new movements in the various Southern Africa Social Forum annual events from 2005 onwards .
More importantly , Khanya College has hosted an annual Winter School , which since 2003 has brought together activists from South and Southern Africa together .
In particular , the 2003 Winter School focused on the struggle against xenophobia .
The Khanya Journal – which is read by activists across South Africa and to a lesser extent in Southern Africa , has been an anti-xenophobia consciousness - raising platform in the social movements since its launch in 2002 .
By 2005 Khanya set up a program dedicated to raising consciousness and facilitating the struggle against xenophobia .
It was this program that facilitated the formation of the UIF , and it was this program that published a quarterly newsletter , Karibu , which dealt with issues confronting immigrant communities in Johannesburg .
In 2007 , Khanya College conducted research into anti-xenophobia work and attitudes in the APF , and this report is important in our present engagement around the challenges of organising immigrant communities in South Africa .
How should the social movements approach the question of organising immigrant communities in South Africa ?
While the principle of self - emancipation is well recognised in the Khanya - APF report on organising immigrant communities , the approach adopted in the report is that of , on the one hand , supporting the formation and strengthening of the organisations of immigrant communities , and on the other hand of strengthening the links between these organisations and the social movements .
These links extend to joint campaigns on for example the struggle to close the notorious Lindela transit [ detention ] camp for refugees .
Following Michel Wucker , the report argues that “ the fundamental principle for any organisation that seeks to pledge solidarity with immigrants [ is ] to recognise immigrants themselves as social agents that must be a primary driving force in their own struggle for dignity ” .
From this important principle the report takes a leap , or maybe unconsciously slides into an assumption that this principle implies that immigrants must be organised in separate organisations .
This approach , that of organising in separate organisations , is fairly widespread among the members of the APF – with the notable exception of one activist interviewed in the report .
There are however a number of fundamental problems with this approach to organisation .
First , the danger of this model of organising is that it has by definition to be based on the assumption that immigrant communities are necessarily temporary migrants and that they will return to their country of birth .
This clearly need not be the case , and in South Africa we know of many immigrants who have been in South Africa for more than a decade .
There is therefore no a priori reason whey we should assume that they will go back to their countries of birth .
Second , if , as the report and the social movements ’ platform of May 24 recognise , working - class immigrant communities face the same basic problems as other working - class people in South Africa ( mainly service delivery issues ) , there can therefore be no special solutions for this section of the working class as far as these issues are concerned .
Third , the approach of separate organisations for immigrant communities runs the danger of reinforcing the notion that they are ``different ’’ from South Africans , and may therefore have the consequence of reproducing a social basis for the persistence of xenophobic attitudes in working - class communities .
Fourth , this approach is not consistent with a perspective of a unified regional working class confronting regional problems of globalisation and integration .
It is not consistent with a perspective of open borders that we have argued should be the strategic demand in our struggle against xenophobia .
In a perspective of open borders the working class of the region , of Africa and ultimately of the whole world is viewed as a common association of producers , and therefore wherever a particular workers or person is they are at home , they are members of the same community .
Only a perspective like this overcomes the danger of fuelling xenophobic attitude .
Indeed , in her perspective quoted in the Khanya - APF report , Michel Wucker argues that “ the response of many immigrants [ to their conditions in the US ] has been creative , even inspiring .
Despite their lack of the franchise , many immigrants have been adopting classic models of civic participation and inventing new ways of being heard .
In the workplace , immigrants are turning to unions , and vice versa [ that is unions are turning to immigrants ] .
Many immigrants ’ groups are also joining get - out - the - vote and registration campaigns , and often helping to mobilise support for candidates even if they ca n’t vote themselves .
Many remain politically active in their own countries . ”
A number of issues come out of this observation about immigrant organising in the US .
In workplaces it would be an inconceivable approach for immigrants to organise their own unions , as this would break the unity of the working class .
There is therefore no reason why a separate organisations approach should be acceptable or deemed workable in the community .
If immigrants can join unions , and they are increasingly doing in many other countries , then it should be possible for them to join the same community organisations as South African citizens .
What is more important from Wucker ’s observations is that there is no contradiction between immigrants and local nationals belonging to the same organisations on the one hand , and the principle that immigrants have to be the primary social agents in the struggles that affect their lives .
In the Khanya - APF report only a single voice , that of Thabo Modisane , argued for a perspective of a single organisation for immigrants and locals .
According to the report , Modisane “ recommended that the APF develop a campaign aimed at recruiting immigrants into the APF and its affiliates .
He also suggested that the co-existence of immigrants together with local APF members [ in the same organisation ] can enrich the APF and its campaigns ...
It will also ensure that the APF and its structures become sensitive to issues confronting the most vulnerable groups such as immigrants …
As part of a recruitment drive , the APF will also have to examine a possibility of creating a caucus or a platform of immigrant members as part of its constitutional development .
Such an initiative will help in ensuring that the perspective of immigrants is not lost in the organisation .
Formal structures of the APF such as the extended office bearers , the executive committee , and the coordinating committee can be used as a space for listening to the voices of members of the APF who are also immigrants . ”
This perspective of Thabo Modisane sums up an approach to organising immigrant communities and workers that is consistent with the perspective of open borders ; it is a perspective that is consistent with the approaches of the democratic socialist and social justice movement that have developed over more than a hundred years .
Modisane ’s perspectives go further : they introduce key ideas about tactical organisational questions in the organising of immigrant communities , and it is to these issues that we now turn .
The organisation of immigrant communities and tactical organisational questions facing the movements
Earlier on we remarked that capitalism , by its very nature , creates different strata of the working class and these strata have different political and organisational temperaments and traditions .
These strata can be within countries , or between different countries .
The working class of Kenya has ``its own ways of doing things ’’ , it has different traditions of struggle .
In their turn , these traditions are a product of how the particular working class was formed by capitalism , and the struggles it has had to wage in the process of its formation .
In South Africa we have a lot of experience of organising within the working class , but it is equally important for us to realise that we have no self - conscious theory of organising the working class .
This is a remarkable development – this abundance of practice side by side with almost no theory of organising .
In part this contradiction is a product of the hegemony of nationalist politics in the liberation movement , and the dominance of the petty bourgeoisie ( and its Stalinist theoreticians ) in the formulation of the theoretical priorities of the mass movement .
If we leave aside the need to theorise this lack of theory – a task that belongs to another occasion – the important point here is that because we did not develop and accumulate a theory of organising out of our practical experience of organising immigrant and migrant workers in the past ( on the mines ) , we will find it difficult to transfer that experience to help us deal with the new challenges of organising immigrant communities .
Given this situation , as activists in the social movements we have to create a space for us to think through and theorise the tasks and approaches of organising immigrant workers and communities in the present period .
Our theory and tactical skills in this area of struggle will therefore emerge and evolve in the course of the practice of organising .
There can be no blueprint that maps out the road we are going to travel in the struggle to organise immigrant communities and workers .
Notwithstanding this coming period of trial and error , and more importantly of accumulating the strategic and tactical experience of organising , there are a number of pointers that we can highlight on the road ahead .
Some tactical issues in organising immigrant communities
1 . The fact that we argue for a single organisation for South African and non-South African citizens does not mean that special approaches must not be developed in order to organise immigrant communities and workers .
There are two reasons why we need to develop special strategies to bring immigrant workers and communities into our organisations .
i . Against the background of the recent xenophobia outbreak social movements need to win the confidence of immigrant workers and communites , and convince them that they will go beyond mere words and slogans in defending them against violent xenophobes in the community .
This is a difficult task not only from the vantage point of convincing the immigrant communities , but also from the vantage point of developing the capacity of our organisations to defend the immigrant communities .
ii .
As already mentioned , many of the members of immigrant communities come from countries with different political traditions from those of South Africa .
It is therefore important that we recognise this , and that we do not assume that the method of the ``toyi - toyi ’’ is a one - size fits all method of organising .
In important ways , we must come to terms with the fact that the tendency for social movements to imagine that the only method of struggle is a march constitutes a failure of political and strategic imagination .
Even with respect to South African communities , we need to acknowledge this problem and begin to deal with it .
2 . We need to realise that ``making a call ’’ is not the same as organising .
Even in South African communities , the social movements have not developed self - conscious methods and traditions of organising .
Indeed , most of our organising in the movements is not only restricted to the march ( for which we make a ``call ’’ ) , but we are not aware why we sometimes succeed notwithstanding the fact that we organise poorly and without imagination .
Organising is not the same thing as staging spectacles .
Over the last few years we have tended to confuse the two things , and as I result we lack organising skills and experience .
3 . If organising in general requires a lot of patience , then organising immigrant communities and workers will demand absolutely huge amounts of patience .
But when ``patience ’’ is declared to be a ``method ’’ of organising , there is a real danger that our activists may fall to sleep on the job .
Patience does not mean the absence of any measurable political and organisational result .
What patience means is that our movements need to develop clear plans with clear methods of work , we need to specifically dedicate certain of our activists to these work , and these plans need to clearly state our political and organisational targets .
Above all else , patience means avoiding any ``adventures ’’ – that is activities and interventions that are poorly thought through and poorly prepared .
4 . Before the xenophobia outbreaks we knew that our members in the social movements harboured xenophobic views and attitudes .
In the Khanya - APF report various comrades state openly that our members have xenophobic views .
In the report we also commit ourselves to engaging our members in education program that overcome these views .
We need to put in place actual programs and timeframes of when this will be done .
But more than education programs in general nothing will help us in this task more than having members who come from the immigrant communities .
Until such as time as we have a critical mass of members from these communities , anti-xenophobia education will remain an abstraction – much in the same way as unions in South Africa have perfected the art of gender education without changing any underlying views on gender relations .
5 . This brings us to the question of how to transform our organisations so that they reflect these urgent and important priorities – those of organising immigrant communities .
In the discussion above we quoted the views of Modisane on how to rethink the nature of our organisations in order for us to rise to the challenge of organising immigrant communities .
His ideas of a single organisation combined with the existence of ``platforms ’’ needs to be debated in the movement and the various organisations that form it .
We have to discover ways of structuring our organisations in ways that will make the new members feel at home , and that will allow us the elasticity to deal with the different tempos of struggle that are implied by serious organising of immigrant communities .
6. Earlier on we argued that the issues facing the South African working class are the same issues that face immigrant communities .
While different sections of the working class face the same issues , they intersect with these issues in different ways .
This is because of the way capitalism locates the different sections of the working class in different ways in the social formation .
In other words , this means that each section of the working class has its own special way of feeling the effects of capitalism , it has special issues that may not affect other sections of the working class , or may affect these sections differently .
It would therefore be an error on our part to proceed as if immigrant communities do not face the xenophobia of the state in its various manifestations , that they do not face the xenophobia of fellow members of the working class , and that they do not harbour suspicions about each other and about the intensions of their South African sisters and brothers .
For this reason we need to take up , in our organisations , specific campaigns that affect these communities and workers .
Further , in taking up the general campaigns of our movements ( service delivery and the impact of neoliberalism in general ) , we need to always think about how these communities are affected in specific ways
7 . In order for us to be able to engage immigrant communities and workers we need to free ourselves of unconscious ( national ) chauvinistic attitudes .
The South African working class has in some ways assimilated the habit of its ruling class .
Its ruling class thinks Africa is backward , that Africa needs to be civilised , that Africa is a failed continent with failed states and societies , that Africa is ``unsophisticated ’’ and so on .
These views of course form some of the basis of xenophobic attitudes .
But more crucially for our discussion , these attitudes prevent us from learning any lessons from Africa .
With South Africa ’s accession to the status of a post - apartheid hegemonic power we now think we can’t learn anything from the struggles in Mozambique , Tanzania , Zambia and so on .
All we see now is one dark continent , which is being painted darker and darker every passing day by all types of learned professors and analysts .
We need to educate ourselves – as working - class activists – about popular struggles in Africa , about the victories of these struggles , about the failures and defeats suffered by our class sisters and brothers .
We need to learn with clear heads and without the false sentimentality that has become the stock in trade of our ruling class and its intelligentsia .
More importantly , we need to overcome the idea that only the South African struggle can yield any useful ideas .
In its small way the Khanya Journal ’s `` Mbuya Nehanda ’’ section attempts to do this , but it is clear that this is clearly inadequate .
Much more work needs to be done .
What attitude should we take to existing organisations of immigrant communities ?
A perspective of a single organisation for South African and non-South African nationals , once debated and agreed upon in the social movements , will have to deal with the fact that our recent and existing tradition of organising has been predominantly one of separate organisation .
This is notwithstanding the fact that in a few instances there are APF affiliates who have members who are not South African nationals in their midst .
Besides NGOs and church bodies who organise immigrant communities , there are organisations of immigrant communities which exist and which have links with the social movements .
These organisations are presently linked through the Ubuntu International Forum and the Education Indaba Forum .
Even if we as the South African social movements agree on the perspective of a single organisation , we cannot issue an ultimatum for the immigrant organisations to dissolve and for their members to join the social movements .
The process of building a single organisation – when viewed against the recent xenophobia outbreaks -- needs a long period of confidence building between the different communities and between the different organisations .
This means that for a while the two models of organising will have to exist side by side .
Indeed , for a while it may be a strategy that we consciously adopt that members of immigrant communities have a kind of dual membership – they will belong to both South African organisations and to specific organisations of immigrant communities .
We will thus be in the same organisations and we will have to link up in coalitions that bring our organisations together .
Conclusion
In this article we have argued that it is the political and organisational weaknesses of the working class and its formations that should inform our understanding of the xenophobia outbreak that we have seen over the last few weeks and months .
The campaign that social movements are waging , and should continue to wage , against xenophobia presents the movements with the opportunity to resolve the very weaknesses that made the outbreak possible .
The weakness of organisation is an obstacle to struggle , and it opens the working class to the possibility of defeat .
On the other hand , there is no other cure to this weakness than the struggle itself .
All we need is determined , stubborn but patient struggle ; all we need is resilience in the face of political and organisational difficulties .
The recognition of our weaknesses as we go into this struggle only means that we struggle with energy and determination , but without illusions .
Lastly , 2008 will go down as the year in which the South African working class failed its sisters and brothers from the continent .
The social movements have a responsibility to rise to the challenge that this failure has posed .
It may be that the social movements can take a step toward restoring the dignity of the poor people of this country by hosting the next Southern Africa Social Forum in Johannesburg in 2009 .
Its most appropriate slogan well may be : Towards Open Borders !!
[ Oupa Lehulere is an activists with Khanya College ( http://khanyacollege.org.za), an independent labour - service organisation based in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Established in 1986 , the primary aim of Khanya College is to assist various constituencies within working - class and poor communities to respond to the challenges posed by the forces of economic and political globalisation .
This is one of several articles dealing with xenophobia that will appear in the next issue of the Khanya Journal ( http://khanyacollege.org.za/journal13.html).
Notes
British spy chief in coma as Yard denies assassination claims
Intelligence chief : Alex Allan , 56 , is seriously ill in hospital after collapsing at his home
The head of the Government 's top spy committee is in a coma in hospital after falling mysteriously ill , it emerged today .
Alex Allan , who chairs the Joint Intelligence Committee , was found collapsed at home on Monday and his condition is said to be critical .
Scotland Yard denied speculation that he may have been the victim of an assassination attempt aimed at the heart of Britain 's intelligence community .
Security sources denied any connections with the murder of Russian agent Alexander Litvinenko in 2006 or recent rumours of an attempt against KGB defector Oleg Gordievsky .
Mr Litvinenko died after his tea was poisoned with radioactive polonium allegedly by members of the Russian security services .
Mr Gordievsky was taken ill last autumn and has told friends he was the victim of a deliberate attack , a claim the security services have denied .
Mr Allan , who is responsible for assessing material produced by the UK's three main spy agencies , is one of Whitehall 's most senior civil servants .
As a close adviser of the Prime Minister he has intimate knowledge of security matters raised by MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ and would be an obvious target for foreign intelligence services .
Alexander Litvinenko shortly before he died from poisoning .
Russia is now the third biggest threat to national security
The Metropolitan Police rushed officers to his bedside as soon as Mr Allan was taken to hospital after being alerted that he was a senior figure from the world of intelligence .
But their inquiries produced no evidence of foul - play or any suggestions that he might have tried to take his own life .
In a statement Scotland Yard ruled it was a " non suspicious " incident .
Sources said it appeared that Mr Allan had fallen ill at home at some point at the weekend and lay undiscovered until Monday afternoon .
" It 's a mystery .
He 's suffered some fairly traumatic and sudden illness that has n't been helped by the fact that he lay undiscovered for some time , " a friend said .
Friends who saw him last week said he appeared " his usual ebullient self " although he later complained of feeling unwell .
He had discussed with colleagues his plans for the summer .
It also appeared that Mr Allan , who is well known in Whitehall as a fan of the 1970s American cult group the Grateful Dead , visited a site dedicated to the band on Saturday morning .
Mr Allan led the disciplinary proceedings into a member of the JIC staff who was investigated earlier this year for the loss of top - secret documents on a train .
His wife , the artist Katie Clemson , died last year after a seven year battle against cancer .
Seriously ill : Allan was a close advise rof Tony Blair on security matters
A Cabinet Office spokeswoman said : " We can confirm that Alex Allan was taken ill on Monday and transferred to a London hospital .
We cannot discuss his condition as it is a private matter . "
A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said : " We were made aware of a man in his late 50s who was taken to a London hospital after being taken ill at his home address .
He remains in a serious condition .
This is being treated as non-suspicious . "
Allan is a keen sportsman .
He is seen here windsurfing to work in a suit and bowler hat
The JIC is part of the Cabinet Office and responsible for briefing the Prime Minister on a weekly basis .
Personnel from MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ sit on the committee , and the chairman collates their findings and presents them to the Prime Minister and other senior ministers .
Mr Allan was appointed to the position last November .
He was previously permanent secretary at the Ministry of Justice .
NAPA , Calif . ( AP ) — Will Abrams and his family packed their pickup truck with laptops , clothes , sleeping bags and a tent and quickly left their rental home in California 's wine country after seeing flames on a hill about a quarter - mile away Monday morning .
It was their third hurried fire evacuation in as many years .
In 2017 , Abrams woke up to find their Santa Rosa home on fire and cleared burning branches from the driveway so he could get his wife and children to safety .
Their home was destroyed .
Then last year , the family evacuated as another wildfire bore down on Sonoma County .
They were terrified to cross into the San Francisco Bay Area amid smaller grassland fires sparked by power lines falling in the midst of strong , hot winds .
“ This time we hurried up and packed up the car , and we were in gridlock traffic on ( Highway ) 12 while the flames were approaching from behind , " Abrams said Tuesday .
He and his wife tried to entertain the kids by making conversation so they would n't panic .
“ It was just obviously traumatic on a personal level , but also just that so little has changed since the fires of 2017 in terms of preparedness and prevention . "
They have been told this home is still standing .
But with the Glass Fire only 2 % contained , the Abrams and their 12 - year - old son and 9 - year - old daughter are staying in Berkeley until they are allowed to return .
“ I ’m trying to prepare my kids and let them know that climate change is part of life and they ’re going to have to deal with it as they get older and also trying to provide them a sense of safety and security .
It 's not easy .
But we should not accept this is the way it 's going to be , " he said .
The Abrams family is among thousands of weary wine country residents confronting another devastating wildfire .
The Glass Fire , which started Sunday , has scorched nearly 73 square miles ( more than 188 square kilometers ) and destroyed about 95 structures , including at least 80 homes .
It 's the fourth major fire there in three years and comes ahead of the third anniversary of a 2017 wildfire that killed 22 people .
Three fires , driven by gusty winds and high temperatures , merged into one on Sunday , tearing into vineyards and mountain areas , including part of the city of Santa Rosa .
About 70,000 people were under evacuation orders , including the entire 5,000 - plus population of Calistoga in Napa County .
Numerous studies have linked bigger wildfires in America to climate change from the burning of coal , oil and gas .
Scientists say climate change has made California much drier , meaning trees and other plants are more flammable .
The Glass Fire spread rapidly and is now burning through land that was saved from the other recent wine country fires , Cal Fire Assistant Chief Billy See said .
Some of the land has not burned for a century , while crews are now using old containment lines to fight the current fire , relieved slightly by easing winds .
It 's one of nearly 30 wildfires burning around California .
The state has already seen more than 8,100 wildfires that have killed 29 people , scorched 5,780 square miles ( 14,970 square kilometers ) and destroyed more than 7,000 buildings .
Patrick Ryan , who lives in Sonoma County just outside Santa Rosa , stayed up the whole night trying to fight the flames and save his house , which survived .
“ Surreal , let me just put it that way .
It brings everything about that night in 2017 right back again , ” Ryan said .
Mike Christianson and his wife , Mluz Torres , who were at an evacuation center Tuesday , had watched the fire engulf their Napa County home .
“ It was within five minutes , the entire side of the hill was on fire .
All trees , all burning , all roaring like a jet , " he said .
“ And at that moment , we realized that it was time to go .
So we grabbed a few things , jumped in the car . ”
Sonoma County Sheriff Mark Essick acknowledged “ some significant fire fatigue " in the community during a news conference Tuesday .
“ Many people are feeling the effects , many people are evacuating , and evacuated multiple times , and I just want everyone to know that we continue to support you , " Essick said .
The blaze tore through many iconic wineries in Napa and Sonoma counties and the five - starred Meadowood Resort , home to a three - Michelin - starred restaurant .
Further to the north , in what has already been a historically devastating wildfire season for California , a blaze in a heavily forested area of rural Shasta County has killed three people and destroyed nearly 150 buildings .
The circumstances of their deaths are not known .
More than 1,200 people were evacuated for the Zogg Fire , which has burned more than 72 square miles ( nearly 203 square kilometers ) .
Zogg incident commander Sean Kavanaugh said winds from the north have subsided , giving firefighters an opportunity to get resources around the large fire .
“ The weather has given us a break .
We ’re going to take the opportunity where we can , with the change in the weather , the calmness , ” he said .
That area , too , has seen recent fire devastation .
It was torched just two years ago by the deadly Carr Fire — infamously remembered for producing a huge tornado - like fire whirl .
___
Associated Press reporters Janie Har in San Francisco , John Antczak in Los Angeles , and Haven Daley in Santa Rosa , California , contributed to this report .
But can they strap it to a shark ’s head ?
August 19 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
So the most interesting part of the laser truck story was that Boeing has apparently already fired theirs .
I followed the link and son of a bitch it ’s true .
But beyond the killing power is an even more powerful weapon for governments the world over :
Boeing announced today the first ever test firing of a real - life ray gun that could become US special forces ’ way to carry out covert strikes with “ plausible deniability . ”
In tests earlier this month at Kirtland Air Force Base , New Mexico , Boeing ’s Advanced Tactical Laser — a modified C-130H aircraft — “ fired its high - energy chemical laser through its beam control system .
The beam control system acquired a ground target and guided the laser beam to the target , as directed by ATL ’s battle management system . ”
Cool .
The future is now .
According to the developers , the accuracy of this weapon is little short of supernatural .
They claim that the pinpoint precision can make it lethal or non-lethal at will .
For example , they say it can either destroy a vehicle completely , or just damage the tires to immobilize it .
The illustration shows a theoretical 26 - second engagement in which the beam deftly destroys “ 32 tires , 11 Antennae , 3 Missile Launchers , 11 EO devices , 4 Mortars , 5 Machine Guns ” — while avoiding harming a truckload of refugees and the soldiers guarding them .
Wow .
But aside from the killing power – which though impressive does n’t have all the neat smoke and fire that really gives the brass a hard - on – the laser might also give the higher - ups something even more important – “ plausible deniability . ”
John Corley , director of USAF ’s Capabilities Integration Directorate , used the same phrase to describe the weapon ’s benefits at an Air Armament Symposium in Florida in October 2007 ( see page 15 , pdf format ) .
As the term suggests , “ plausible deniability ” is used to describe situations where those responsible for an event could plausibly claim to have had no involvement in it .
Corley and Kaiser did not respond to requests from New Scientist to expand on their comments .
But John Pike , analyst with defence think - tank Global Security , based in Virginia , says the implications are clear .
“ The target would never know what hit them , ” says Pike .
“ Further , there would be no munition fragments that could be used to identify the source of the strike . ”
You say your leader , an anti-American who wo n’t share his oil , was suddenly vaporized in a burst of light and ozone ?
Wow .
Crazy … Us ?
No , of course not .
Why would you think that ?…
What Wired magazine article are you talking about ?
I never thought it would come to this , but here ’s the plan : we are going to need about two tons of popping corn , as much aluminum foil as you can get your hands on and a pair of bunny slippers .
And Kent , stop playing with yourself .
FINE food sings on the palate , but pairing it with the right wine creates a chorus .
Among those in the know , the plum , chocolate and spice flavours of Cabernet Sauvignons , Merlots , Pinot Noirs and Sangioveses best accentuate the rich flavours of red meats .
Now , however , a group of researchers led by Joseph Kanner of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem has discovered that pairing red wines like these with red meat appears to be more than just a matter of taste .
If the two mix in the stomach , compounds in the wine thwart the formation of harmful chemicals that are released when meat is digested .
The idea that red wine is actually good for your health is irresistible to the average tippler .
But it appears to be true .
In particular , red wines are rich in polyphenols , a group of powerful antioxidants that are thought to protect against cancer and heart disease by destroying molecules that would otherwise damage cells .
How the polyphenols in wine exercise their beneficial effects , though , has been mysterious .
That is because they do not seem to travel in any quantity from the stomach into the bloodstream .
The answer , Dr Kanner has found , lies in the stomach itself .
The digestion of high - fat foods such as red meat releases oxidising toxins .
One in particular , called malondialdehyde , is implicated in arteriosclerosis , cancer , diabetes and a host of other serious diseases .
Dr Kanner suspected that the key to wine 's protective effect is when , precisely , it is consumed .
He hypothesised that if the polyphenols arrive in the stomach at the moment when the fats are releasing malondialdehyde and its kin , then this might stop these toxic materials from getting any farther into the body .
To test this idea , he and his colleagues fed a group of rats one of two meals — either red meat from a turkey ( a foodstuff shown by previous research to raise malondialdehyde levels in humans ) or such meat mixed with red-wine concentrate .
An hour and a half after the rats had eaten , they were killed .
Dr Kanner then removed their stomachs and analysed the contents .
As he reports in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , the wine concentrate did indeed reduce the formation of malondialdehyde .
It also cut the level of hydroperoxides , another group of oxidising agents that cause cell damage .
Based on these results , Dr Kanner and his colleagues argue that looking for antioxidants from wine in the bloodstream was a mistake ; they do not need to be there to be useful .
Their research also suggests that the habit of eating fruit at the end of a meal is a healthy one .
Many fruits , too , are rich in polyphenols ( wine is , after all , just fermented fruit juice ) .
By treating them as dessert , these fruits arrive in the stomach at the point when meat - digestion is poised to do its worst — nipping the problem in the bud , as it were .
Whimsy is a small , highly hackable window manager written in Python .
It 's currently around 1000 lines SLOC ( physical source lines of code , according to sloccount ) and supports a tiny bit of the Extended Window Manager Hints ( EWMH ) spec .
You can view the git repository at github or see a list of release tarballs at the end of the page .
why python ?
Most window managers are written in C or C++ and bend over backwards to implement config files , or IPC with pipes / sockets , or other contrived schemes to essentially try and add some flexibility to a static , compiled language .
Why reinvent all that for the thousandth time ?
Using a dynamic language like Python cuts out a lot of junk that 's just not essential to the task of managing windows .
It 's also much more flexible — which is my main goal — and plenty fast enough as well .
Whimsy is entirely written in Python .
There are no funky Python - to - C bridges or wrappers or anything of that nature .
It uses python - xlib to communicate with the X server .
python -xlib is also written in pure Python .
what about tiling ?
The tiling window managers ( ion , xmonad , wmii , dwm , etc. ) out there are pretty neat , but I just do n't care for tiling .
It feels unpredictable , in a bad way .
I 've found that I really only have a handful of different ways of arranging windows * , and a handful of key bindings to explicitly make windows do these things is the most natural way of dealing with them that I 've found .
* which generally are : fill left half of screen , or right half , or full screen , or just float above at whatever size
I 'm sure it would n't be a total nightmare for someone to implement tiling in whimsy , but it seems that that niche has been filled pretty well , so I doubt it would be worth it .
screenshot ?
Well , there 's really no point .
Whimsy does n't draw any window borders or anything else .
usage
Quick start :
$ wget http://incise.org/files/dev/whimsy-0.1a1.tgz
$ tar zxvf whimsy - 0.1a1.tgz $ sh whimsy - 0.1a1/fetch-python-xlib.sh $ mv Xlib whimsy - 0.1a1 / $ export PYTHONPATH = " $ PWD / whimsy - 0.1a1:$ PYTHONPATH
" $ python whimsy - 0.1a1/config.py
If you have a window manager running , then you 'll get an exception saying so .
You will need to kill your window manager and / or start up a new X server and / or edit your .xinitrc or .xsession file .
Due to its early stage of development , I do not recommend using whimsy as the final blocking command in your .xinitrc or .xsession , as this will cause your whole X session to die if whimsy does .
What I would do is put this in its place :
export PYTHONPATH= " path/to/whimsy-0.1a1:$ PYTHONPATH
" xterm & while true ; do sleep 1000000 ; done
That way , when X starts up , you 'll be greeted with a terminal with which to start whimsy ( python path / to / whimsy - 0.1a1/config.py ) , and your X session will run forever .
As you can see , you actually run your config file .
In that sense , whimsy is almost a library or toolkit , and your config file is a little script that uses it .
As long as you keep the top level whimsy directory in your PYTHONPATH , you can put your config script anywhere and call it anything .
It will just need to import whimsy .
base_config .
You can also check out my personal config script , example_config.py , and run it like this :
$ python whimsy / example_config.py
Running it inside of screen is a decent idea , so if it crashes you can switch to a virtual console and re-attach and see what went wrong and start it up again .
You could also install python - xlib via your package manager , although Whimsy is developed against python - xlib 's svn trunk so you could potentially have compatability problems with older versions of python - xlib .
default interface
The most important things you will need to know are :
Alt + left click will move a window
Alt +right click will resize a window
Ctrl + Alt+X will open an xterm
Beyond that , you can view the default key / mouse bindings in config.py .
My own personal config file is example_config.py .
There are no window borders / decorations .
There is support for viewports / large desktops , which are basically like virtual desktops , but are " physically " linked in that a window hanging off of one will show up partially in the next , instead of each desktop being its own isolated little world .
( Desktops are implemented by hiding / showing windows .
Viewports are implemented by moving all windows over by one screen 's - width or screen 's - height . )
There are n't many window management operations implemented other than the basics : moving , resizing , closing , raising , lowering .
general design
Whimsy is built in a somewhat decentralized , indirect way .
The main point of a window manager , especially one that you want to customize , is to decide what to do with X events , and then do it .
All of this decision - making and execution of actions is kept largely decoupled from the core of the window manager .
It 's essentially an implementation of MVC using the observer pattern , with a single " publisher " object , which is called the hub .
models
Right now the only models are the window manager and the client .
controllers
The tick controller is dead simple and simply sends out tick signals ( through the hub , to whoever wants to receive them ) in an almost - endless loop .
Some handlers for things like SIGINT call its stop method which will abort the endless loop at the end of the current iteration and allow for a clean shutdown and exit .
The X event controller responds to tick signals and checks for new X events .
It then sends out its own signal when it finds an event .
Event handlers can in turn listen for that signal and do whatever they want to handle the event .
other stuff
Actions are the callbacks that actually implement the desired functionality to handle events .
Filters inspect events and return a boolean indicating whether the event meets certain conditions , such as certain keyboard state , or what type of window is involved .
I think that the X server could probably be considered the view .
MVC can be confusing .
I do n't take it too seriously .
license
Whimsy is public domain .
releases
There was a time , early in the war on terror , when agencies like the FBI could have told Congressional investigators to go to hell , without paying much of a price .
Not any more .
Earlier today , a House appropriators voted to pull $ 11 million to expand a controversial FBI data - mining project , after the Bureau repeatedly stiff - armed Congressmen and their gumshoes in the Government Accountability Office .
“ By refusing to answer even the most basic questions about this program , the Department of Justice has given us little choice .
In fact , we ’re only doing what they told us to do , ” said Congressman Brad Miller in a statement .
“ The Department of Justice ... said that if Congress did n’t like what they were doing , we could pull their funding .
Well , that ’s what we ’ve done ...
Until an agency can provide reasonable explanations , and assurances that our citizens ’
privacy wo n’t be violated , it would be irresponsible to give the
Department of Justice this large increase in funds . ”
The project , known as the National Security Analysis Center ( NSAC ) , is supposed to bring together " hundreds of millions of electronic records created or collected by the FBI and other government agencies , " ABC News notes .
The idea is to use that " vast ocean of data to ' predict ' who might be a potential terrorist , in the absence of intelligence linking the man or woman to any radical or extremist group . "
But security and tech experts have long questioned whether this kind of predictive data - mining is really feasible .
And the FBI has a rich history of royally screwing up big technology projects .
So Reps . Miller , James Sensenbrenner , and John Tierney asked the Government Accountability Office to check in on NSAC .
" It took repeated attempts by GAO even to obtain an initial meeting with Justice Department officials on the issue , " Miller wrote in a letter to House Appropriations Committee chairman David Obey .
When they did meet ...
Justice Department officials bluntly told GAO
that they would provide no information and GAO had no right to see any records ... regarding the purpose and scope of NSAC and what data they planned to obtain .
The Justice Department said the requested information dealt with intelligence data and a ' national security system ' which ... was ' exempt ' from GAO 's jurisdiction .
In a later meeting , the letter adds , the FBI changed its tune .
The
G - Men claimed they had " no written plans " that " would provide any meaningful details , " because the center was not yet " operational . "
Nevertheless ,
Justice Department budget documents asked for millions of dollars to
" continue the development of initial operating capabilities of the
NSAC . "
The new center is " being built on the backbone of an FBI
task force whose original mission " was to investigate " aliens suspected of having ties to terrorist organizations , " Miller 's office noted .
* But the mission of NSAC has expanded far beyond that limited purpose and scope and the Justice Department claims that with this new data mining center ’s access to billions of personnel records the “ universe of subjects will expand exponentially . ”
The potential for abuse and the possibility that innocent American citizens will become wrongfully ensnared within the FBI ’s growing web of potential suspects is a grave concern . *
And vague claims about national security do n't automatically wash away concerns about creepily - invasive government projects any more .
[ Illo : Slate ]
DIGG THIS
Three years ago , when I hit fifty , I decided that it was time to ease off and look for a comfortable bolt - hole — something less demanding which would lead me nicely into retirement .
As luck would have it , or coincidence ( if you believe in such a thing ) , a university in China advertised a post for someone to develop a new course .
The course was called " Modern Accounting . "
The incumbent would teach Financial Accounting in English to undergraduate students .
To cut a long story short I applied for and obtained the post and travelled from Britain to the other side of the world .
When I started work I quickly realized that this was not going to be the " cushy number " I was looking for — far from it — the first year nearly killed me !
Two years on I 'm still " developing " the course and working even harder than I did pre-50 !
But that 's another story .
The reason I have put pen to paper here is to describe a journey .
Not long after beginning my second year , whilst still recovering from the shock of the first , a professor from the law department asked me to edit his research proposal — he was applying for a scholarship with the Fulbright Institute in the USA .
His research would be to examine the resolution of legal disputes over securitization , in particular , with reference to remoteness of damage .
His research proposal ran to five pages .
It was extremely well planned and laid out .
His written English was good but did need some editing .
Before I could do anything I had to first make sure I really understood " securitization . "
I went to the internet .
Of course I did n't realize it at the time but a journey of discovery had begun .
That one word , securitization , led me to the Austrian School of Economics and the libertarian movement .
A whole new world began to open up .
The more I read the more I realized that I had been looking at many things the wrong way around .
But it was n't easy and , much to my wife 's dismay , consumed nearly all of my leisure time .
What made it so difficult was that I had to unlearn so much — and not just about economics .
And then there was a wealth of new knowledge to be acquired .
Getting to grips with securitization led me a merry dance .
It took me to many places , not least the Great Depression , FDR and the FHA .
Whatever site I went to I was led to more and more .
A paper chase had begun .
I quickly edited the research proposal and then dived headlong into the chase .
As time passed I found myself focusing on three main sources of information ; The Daily Reckoning , LewRockwell.com , and the Mises Daily Article .
It was tough going to start with , especially the Mises articles .
At the beginning it was almost impossible to read any article without looking things up , which led to other things to look up and so on .
It took a long time to get to the point where I could just read most articles without having to research as well .
The whole jigsaw started to come together .
One of the questions I kept asking myself over the last two years was this : how come I 'd never heard of people like Ludwig von Mises , Murray Rothbard and Henry Hazlitt to name just three ?
The answer is simple .
When I studied Economics in the 1970's they were never mentioned .
Even though everything in our economy was going wrong at the same time we were still being taught Keynesian economics .
The only maverick on the scene was Milton Friedman .
So I left university with ideas about economics which were deeply flawed — as did everyone else of my generation .
After university I spent a number of years in Accountancy before going into Education to teach Economics .
To my shame , I realize now , I was passing on the same rubbish to my students as I had learned at university — it was still all Keynesianism with a bit of Monetarism thrown in .
It was as if the Austrian School did not exist .
After two years I changed jobs and began teaching Accounting and Finance .
In the years that followed I had neither the time nor the inclination to pay attention to Economics .
How much Austrian Economics is being taught in universities today ?
I do n't know — but I suspect not much .
I am not an economist and would never claim to know and understand the minutiae of the teachings of the Austrian School .
However I have come to the view that they have the right of things .
It makes sense .
The difficulty lies in how to spread the message ?
When Ron Paul outflanked the MSM by using the internet he showed the way ahead .
Indeed , if my journey had introduced me to this man and only this man , then it would have been worth it for this alone .
The challenge now is how to follow his lead and keep the momentum going .
I 'll finish here but want to briefly mention some people I 've discovered along the way .
Ayn Rand — a free spirit if ever there was one .
The following quote from her book The Fountainhead , still haunts me :
“ The soul is that which ca n’t be ruled , it must be broken .
Drive a wedge in , get your fingers on it — and the man is yours .
You wo n’t need a whip — he ’ll bring it to you and ask to be whipped .
Set him in reverse — and his own mechanism will do your work for you . ”
Hans -Hermann Hoppe — his article on LewRockwell.com
Democracy : The God That Failed left me stunned by its clarity and reason .
Bill Bonner — a real tonic to read every morning on the Daily Reckoning .
I would hate to get on the wrong side of his acerbic wit !
Thomas Friedman — I bought his book The World is Flat .
As kids , our father always brought us up to love and respect books .
I use this one as a doorstop .
Sorry Dad .
Robert P. Murphy —
When he writes he sets out to teach , not show off ( see here ) .
We could all do a lot worse than follow his example .
Writing in economic - speak gobbledygook impresses no -one and spreads nothing .
Pat Buchanan and Ralph Raico —
Their respective demolitions of the Churchill myth gave me plenty to think about .
See here and here .
Robert Higgs —
I was moved by the obituary he wrote for Murray Rothbard — such honesty and sincerity — especially his closing line .
See Murray N Rothbard —
In Memoriam .
Lew Rockwell — I 'll finish with this .
When I read it I felt as if two hands had reached out of my screen , grabbed me by my shirt and given me a good shake .
The only thing missing was an exclamation mark at the end — so I 've added one .
" The power of government to do what we desire is strictly limited .
Those who do not understand this point do not understand economics ! "
See The War the Government Cannot Win .
It ’s been a steep learning curve and there 's still a long way to go — it 's a journey I will never finish , but I 'm so glad to have started .
July 17 , 2008
The Best of Chris Clancy
Fingerprints are unique from person to person .
Deb Nester of Prairie Creations has jewelry - fied the fingerprints , and pet prints , of many loved ones into a charm .
The kit , which costs $ 49.95 , includes everything you ’ll need to make a silver fingerprint .
She carries instructions on her website to help her customers get the best print possible .
The final product leaves everyone with a unique print that they can carry with them on a necklace or bracelet for a long time .
It does n’t matter if it ’s a loved pet , friend or family member that you ’d like to keep near your heart .
Through an interview , she was kind enough to share her story and tell us what got her started as well as where she ’d like to see her business go .
How did you come up with fingerprint pendants ?
What inspired the first pendant you made ?
A similar product was offered to me and my sisters at the time of our Mother ’s passing .
It was sterling silver , expensive and a reproduction of her fingerprint .
It was a cookie cutter type thing , perfect oval … one looked like the next and so , on .
I could n’t afford it at the time , but loved the idea .
Since having made jewelry for 20 years , I had all the materials possible to try my own version .
I wanted my son ’s fingerprint to wear and keep next to my heart everyday and I did n’t want to wait for a tragedy to get it .
What inspired you to turn it into your business , Prairie Creations ?
I knew that every Mother would love to have something like this as a keepsake of their children .
Even those that call their pets their children !
When someone purchases one of your kits , how does it work ?
How much does it cost ?
The kits come complete with instructions , a piece of practice clay and everything needed to make 1 fine silver fingerprint .
Where do you see your business in the next 5 years ?
I see it continuing to grow and catch on .
People will continue to have children and they will continue to loose their loved ones .
I believe this to be timeless .
What kind of investment did it take to get up and running ?
Did you have any previous knowledge you were able to bring into your business ?
Having already everything needed for the process , I needed a package , a website and a few extra materials for the package .
I just started researching on the web .
I designed my first package myself and was measuring my own clay and packaging it myself for my kit .
It worked but did n’t offer the customer a very long window in which they needed to get the fingerprint done before the clay would dry out , it dries very quickly .
It ’s been 4 years since and I ’ve had my package re-designed by a great graphics design gal and now good friend and the clay is now packaged for my kit by the company in Japan that makes the clay .
Being self taught , I had some previous experience in the trade of making jewelry , but none in running my own business !
If you could go back in time , would you change anything ?
Not a thing !
It ’s been a great ride and a wonderful learning experience and it ’s moving along at a pace that I feel I ’m in control of right now and I like it that way !
What kind of lessons have you learned working for yourself ?
That I LOVE doing what I do .
It ’s very rewarding to know that my product touches people in such a good way and that a person ca n’t “ do it all ” all by themselves .
You need people to help at times .
I have 3 wonderful sisters that help me when I need it !
Where would we be without family !
Was there any advice that anyone shared with you that you have found to be especially beneficial ?
My ex-husband told me to just “ take it as it comes and let it grow slowly ” and it ’ll be easier to manage and to always keep control of it !
What advice would you give someone if they asked you about starting their own business ?
Move over evolution :
Now you can add climate change to the list of controversial science topics taught in public schools .
That ’s right , the governor that sued the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) over greenhouse gas emissions does n’t want to mandate California ’s children are educated on climate change .
Why the apparent contradiction ?
SB 908 : Global Warming Education in Schools , sponsored by Senator Simitian ( D - Palo Alto ) , would have revised the existing state framework to include climate change as part of children ’s environmental education , but unfortunately it was vetoed by Governor Schwarzenegger .
Not only did the bill include climate change in public school science curriculum , but also added to the science framework , and thus science textbooks , seven other topics :
Integrated waste management Energy conservation Water conservation and pollution prevention Air resources Integrated pest management Toxic materials Wildlife conservation and forestry
As quoted by StopGlobalWarming.org , Simitian explained the importance of climate change curriculum :
You ca n’t have a science curriculum that is relevant and current if it does n’t deal with the science behind climate change .
This is a phenomenon of global importance and our kids ought to understand the science behind that phenomenon .
Republicans were concerned that the discussion on climate change would not be science - based and wanted the views of global warming skeptics to be taught as well .
Senator Jeff Denham ( R - Modesto ) said :
We do n’t have complete factual information yet .
From what I have seen the Earth has heated and cooled on its own for centuries .
I do n’t know that there ’s anything that is a direct cause of that right now , but we can do a better job of cleaning up our planet .
Seriously , “ We do n’t have factual information yet ” , when the 10 hottest years – ranked by global surface temperature – since 1880 all have occurred since 1995 .
Do n’t our children deserve to learn about climate change and these other important topics ?
Once again , I am reminded we do have a Republican governor in California who will tow the party line , even when faced with imbecility .
Related posts on education :
Fathers and Homeschooling : Teaching Without A License
Can You Imagine Your Kids Going to School 4 Days a Week ?
Schoolhouse Rock : 30 Years Later Still Singing the Energy Blues
Apparently a little truth goes way too far for the anti-gay bigots of the religious right .
They do n’t want voters in California to know that their ballot measure would repeal thousands of marriages of gay couples , so they ’re ticked that the state attorney general ’s office changed the wording of the description of the measure in order to explain exactly what the measure does – it does n’t define marriage as between a man and a woman , it repeals the marriages of gay couples .
As Joe has noted before , the fundies are afraid to tell voters the truth because they know people do n’t support their extreme , intolerant views .
So they sugar coat their initiatives , hoping to fool the voters with talk of traditional marriage and family values .
Why ca n’t they just tell the voters up front what the impact of the proposed legislation is and let the voters decide what they want to do ?
Because if they did , they ’d lose .
America is n’t nearly as hateful as the homophobes running the religious right .
Murdered Past CIA Director William Colby : " The Central Intelligence Agency owns everyone of any significance in the major media . "
" If you ( Senator Wellstone ) vote against the war in Iraq , the Bush administration will do whatever is necessary to get you .
There will be severe ramifications for you and the state of Minnesota . " -- Vice President Dick Cheney to Senator Paul Wellstone ( D ) , October , 2002 , just days before Wellstone 's death in a suspicious airplane " accident " .
... " Sarah , if the American people had ever known the truth about what we Bushs have done to this nation , we would be chased down in the streets and lynched . "
--- George Bush Sr. 1992
" For we are opposed , around the world , by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy ... " ( Zionism ) -- President John F. Kennedy
When stupidity is considered patriotism , it is unsafe to be intelligent . "
~ Isaac Asimov ~
" You can fool some of the people all of the time , and those are the ones you want to concentrate on . "
--- George W. Bush " Only Fools Learn their Reality Drinking from a Fountain of Illusion " [ i.e. matrix of the Big Brother controlled media ] .
~ cyber Kung Fu Tse " I am a Canadian , free to speak without fear , free to worship in my own way , free to stand for what I think right , free to oppose what I believe wrong , or free to choose those who shall govern my country .
This heritage of freedom I pledge to uphold for myself and all mankind . "
From the Canadian Bill of Rights , July 1 , 1960 .
" I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations .
...
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home ..
If tyranny and oppression come to this land , it will be under the guise of fighting a foreign enemy . "
President James Madison
" When once a republic is corrupted , there is no possibility of remedying any of the growing evils but by removing the corruption and restoring its lost principles ; every other correction is either useless or a new evil . "
~~-
Thomas Jefferson Vincenzo Vinciguerra stated , in sworn testimony on Operation Gladio in Europe : " You had to attack civilians , the people , women , children , innocent people , unknown people far removed from any political game .
The reason was quite simple : to force ... the public to turn to the state to ask for greater security . "
" We annually spend on military security more than the net income of all United States corporations .
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience .
The total influence -- economic , political , even spiritual -- is felt in every city , every State house , every office of the Federal government .
We recognize the imperative need for this development .
Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications .
Our toil , resources and livelihood are all involved ; so is the very structure of our society .
In the councils of government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military industrial complex .
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist .
We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes . "
President Dwight D. Eisenhower in a televised speech 1961 Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga : " [ Bin Laden supposedly confessed ] to the Qaeda September [ attack ] to the two towers in New York [ claiming to be ] the author of the attack of the 11 , while all the [ intelligence services ] of America and Europe ... now know well that the disastrous attack has been planned and realized from the CIA American and the Mossad with the aid of the Zionist world in order to put under accusation the Arabic Countries and in order to induce the western powers to take part ... in Iraq [ and ] Afghanistan . "
John Swinton New York journalist at a banquet ( 1880's ) : " What folly is this , toasting an independent press ?
There is no such thing , at this date of the World 's history , in America , as an independent press .
You know it and I know it .
There is not one of you who dares to write your honest opinions , and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print .
I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinion out of the paper I am connected with .
Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things , and any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job .
If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my paper , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone .
The business of the journalists is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of Mammon [ Biblical ref. ] , and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread .
You know it and I know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ?
We are the tools and vassals of " rich men " [ Biblical ref. ] behind the scenes .
We are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and we dance .
Our talents , our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men .
We are intellectual prostitutes . "
" The individual is handicapped by coming face to face with a conspiracy so monstrous he cannot believe it exists " .
-- J. Edgar Hoover , FBI Director 1924 - 1972 , quoted in The Elks Magazine ( August 1956 ) .
" It is the duty of the patriot to protect his country from its [ corrupt feudal ] government . " -- Thomas Paine .
" Each of you , for himself , by himself and on his own responsibility , must speak " .
-- Mark Twain .
" The money powers prey upon the nation in times of peace and conspire against it in times of adversity .
It is more despotic than a monarchy , more insolent than autocracy , and more selfish than bureaucracy .
It denounces as public enemies all who question its methods or throw light upon its crimes .
I have two great enemies , the Southern Army in front of me and the bankers in the rear .
Of the two , the one at my rear is my greatest foe . " -- President Abraham Lincoln .
" In a time of universal deceit , telling the truth is a revolutionary act . " -- George Orwell .
" Zionism is but an incident of a far reaching plan , " said leading American Zionist Louis Marshall , counsel for bankers Kuhn Loeb in 1917 .
" It is merely a convenient peg on which to hang a powerful weapon . "
The far - reaching plan is Illuminati world dictatorship .
The Illuminati is the highest echelon of Freemasonry , an occult secret society dedicated to Lucifer .
The world 's central bankers have intermarried with the richest dynastic families of Europe and America to bring about world hegemony .
They instigated wars and depressions to degrade and destroy humanity .
The American people have been financing their wars since 1914 .
Zionist Theodor Herzl " We Will Lead Every Revolution Against Us " .
Mossad role in 9 - 11 ?
The Washington Times , " Army study suggests U.S. force of 20,000 " by Rowan Scarborough , 5 April 2002 : Israel forces a " 500 - pound gorilla in Israel .
Well armed and trained .
Operates in both Gaza [ and the West Bank ] .
Known to disregard international law to accomplish mission .
Wildcard .
Ruthless and cunning .
Has capability to target U.S. forces and make it look like a Palestinian / Arab act . "
" It is perfectly possible for a man to be out of prison , and yet not free - to be under no physical constraint and yet to be a psychological captive , compelled to think , feel and act as the representatives of the national state , or of some private interest within the nation , wants him to think , feel and act .
" The nature of psychological compulsion is such that those who act under constraint remain under the impression that they are acting on their own initiative .
The victim of mind - manipulation does not know that he is a victim .
To him the walls of his prison are invisible , and he believes himself to be free .
That he is not free is apparent only to other people .
His servitude is strictly objective . "
Brave New World Revisited , Aldous Huxley , 1958 In 1938 , William E. Dodd , U.S. Ambassador to Germany , sent President Franklin Delano Roosevelt the following message : ( as reported in George Seldes .
Facts and Fascism , p. 122 ) .
" The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance ~ it is the illusion of knowledge . "
~ Daniel Boorstin .[ this is the illusion that the mainstream news media projects to the sheeple ]
" A clique of U.S. industrialists is hell - bent to bring a fascist state to supplant our democratic government and is working closely with the fascist regime in Germany and Italy .
I have had plenty of opportunity in my post in Berlin to witness how close some of our American ruling families are to the Nazi regime ....
A prominent executive of one of the largest corporations , told me point blank that he would be ready to take definite action to bring fascism into America if President Roosevelt continued his progressive policies .
Certain American industrialists had a great deal to do with bringing fascist regimes into being in both Germany and Italy .
They extended aid to help Fascism occupy the seat of power , and they are helping to keep it there .
Propagandists for fascist groups try to dismiss the fascist scare .
We should be aware of the symptoms .
When industrialists ignore laws designed for social and economic progress they will seek recourse to a fascist state when the institutions of our government compel them to comply with the provisions . "
In 1933 , Marine Corp Major General Smedley Butler was approached by a cabal of influential American bankers and industrialists working under the umbrella of the front group , American Liberty League .
Their request of Butler : that he lead a 500,000 strong force of rogue veterans in a coup against FDR and the legal American government .
The intent of this cabal , already supporting the efforts of Hitler and Mussolini in Europe , was to instill a government not unlike that of Hitler and Mussolini in the United States .
Butler went along with the scheme until he was able to ascertain who the participants were .
He then blew the whistle on this group before the House Committee on un-American Activities .
For his efforts , Butler was ostracized and black - balled by the mainstream media ; his testimony before the House Committee on un-American Activities was omitted from the record .
The cabal was never brought to justice , but the coup was foiled .
Who were the American bankers and industrialists involved in this plot to overthrow the legal government of the United States ?
According to Wikipedia , while most of the funding came from the Du Pont family , participants included U.S. Steel , General Motors , General Foods , Standard Oil , Birdseye , Colgate , Heinz Foods , Chase National Bank , and Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company .
And among the participants in this coup attempt was one Prescott Bush ( who is the father of George Herbert Walker Bush , 41st president of the United States , and thus is the grandfather of George W Bush , current president of the United States ) .
Prescott Bush was not only instrumental in bringing Hitler to power in Germany , Mussolini to power in Italy , but was also plotting to overthrow the legal government of the United States and establish a fascist state here .
Prescott Bush served as a Senator from Connecticut and was a partner in the prominent investment banking firm Brown Brothers Harriman .
US General Smedley Butler wrote in his 1935 classic , " War Is a Racket " : " I helped make Mexico safe for American oil interests in 1914 , " " I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in .
I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street .
I helped purify Nicaragua for the International Banking House of Brown Brothers in 1902 - 1912 .
I brought light to the Dominican Republic for the American sugar interests in 1916 .
I helped make Honduras right for American fruit companies in 1903 .
In China in 1927 I helped see to it that Standard Oil went its way unmolested . "
Butler acknowledged that he'd spent most of his thirty - three years in the Marines as " a high class muscle man for Big Business , Wall Street and the bankers .
In short , I was a racketeer , a gangster for capitalism [ts ] . "
Wars are really a continuous stream of coordinated acts of terrorism , related to money and power instigated by the people who will benefit from the war and its expected end result .
War is an instrument to expand economic power by destroying the national institutions and intelligent people of the victimized nation .
" In the counsels of Government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the Military Industrial Complex .
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists , and will persist .
We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes .
We should take nothing for granted .
Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty may prosper together . "
-- President Dwight Eisenhower , Feb 1961
" For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence -- on infiltration instead of invasion , on subversion instead of elections , on intimidation instead of free choice , on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day .
It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit , highly efficient machine that combines military , diplomatic , intelligence , economic , scientific and political operations .
Its preparations are concealed , not published .
Its mistakes are buried , not headlined .
Its dissenters are silenced , not praised .
No expenditure is questioned , no rumor is printed , no secret is revealed .
It conducts the Cold War , in short , with a war - time discipline no democracy would ever hope or wish to match . " -- President John F. Kennedy Waldorf - Astoria Hotel New York City , April 27 , 1961 .
The US / UK / Zionist governments are deeply infiltrated by the Conspiracy .
" The interests behind the Bush Administration , such as the CFR , The Trilateral Commission - founded by Brzezinski for David Rockefeller - and the Bilderberger Group , have prepared for and are now moving to implement open world dictatorship within the next five years .
They are not fighting against terrorists .
They are fighting against citizens . " -- Dr. Johannes B. Koeppl , Ph.D. , former German defense ministry official and advisor to former NATO Secretary General Manfred Woerner " The high office of President has been used to foment a plot to destroy the Americans freedom , and before I leave office I must inform the citizen of his plight . "
-- JFK
" Military men are dumb , stupid animals to be used as pawns for foreign policy . "
Henry Kissinger , quoted by Bob Woodward in The Final Days , 1976 The illegal we do immediately .
The unconstitutional takes a little longer .
" [ The New World Order ] cannot happen without U.S. participation , as we are the most significant single component .
Yes , there will be a New World Order , and it will force the United States to change it 's perceptions . "
-- Henry Kissenger , World Affairs Council Press Conference , Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel , April 19th 1994
" You can fool some of the people all of the time , and those are the ones you want to concentrate on . "
--- George W. Bush ... " Sarah , if the American people had ever known the truth about what we Bushs have done to this nation , we would be chased down in the streets and lynched . "
George Bush Sr. 1992
" I do n't know where bin Laden is .
I have no idea and I really do n't care .
It 's not that important .
It 's not our priority . "
- GW Bush , March 13 , 2002
McCain hires Giuliani's campaign manager
Senator John McCain , presumptive GOP nominee for the 2008 presidential elections , is essentially relaunching his campaign after months of trailing in the polls nation - wide .
Amid staff shakeups , McCain recently hired Steve Schmidt to manage the campaign 's day - to - day operations .
In his first move as campaign manager , Schmidt has hired former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's campaign manager , Mike DuHaime , to the position of political director .
DuHaime previously acted as the RNC 's political director , and worked for the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign as regional political director .
“ The Rocker ” is Robert “ Fish ” Fishman , the drummer for an eighties hair band .
He ’s living the rock n’ roll dream … until he is kicked out of the group .
Twenty years later , the desperate rocker joins his nephew ’s band , “ A.D.D. , ” finally reclaiming the rock - god throne he ’s always thought he deserved — while taking his much younger bandmates along for the ride of their lives .
A brand new TV spot for the upcoming ( “ The Office ” ) movie “ ” has been released .
“ The Rocker ” is directed by ( ” “ ) and is scheduled to hit theaters on August 1st .
Asked how many houses he owned , John McCain replied , \ " I think — I 'll have my staff get to you . \ "
McCain unsure how many houses he owns
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) said in an interview Wednesday that he was uncertain how many houses he and his wife , Cindy , own .
" I think — I 'll have my staff get to you , " McCain told Politico in Las Cruces , N.M. " It 's condominiums where — I 'll have them get to you . "
Advertisement
Listen Here :
Download here
The correct answer is at least four , located in Arizona , California and Virginia , according to his staff .
Newsweek estimated this summer that the couple owns at least seven properties .
And a Politico analysis later in the day found McCain 's family owns at least eight properties , according to property and tax records , as well as interviews .
In recent weeks , Democrats have stepped up their effort to caricature McCain as living an outlandishly rich lifestyle — a bit of payback to the GOP for portraying Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) as an elitist , and for turning the spotlight in 2004 on the five homes owned by Sen.
John F. Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and his wife , Teresa Heinz Kerry .
Pro-Obama labor groups have sent out mailers highlighting McCain ’s wealth , and prominent Democrats have included references to it in comments to reporters .
Twice in the past two weeks , those Democrats have focused on McCain ’s houses .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) told Politico ’s Ben Smith that it was McCain “ who wears $ 500 shoes , has six houses and comes from one of the richest families in his state . "
And David Axelrod , Obama ’s chief strategist , referred in an interview with Adam Nagourney of The New York Times to an imagined meeting of McCain strategists “ on the portico of the McCain estate in Sedona — or maybe in one of his six other houses . ”
The Obama campaign seized on the house issue Thursday with an ad called " Seven , " claiming that 's the number of houses McCain has .
The ad closes with a shot of the White House and the narration : " Here 's ONE house American can't afford to let John McCain move into . "
McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said in response : " Does a guy who made more than $ 4 million last year , just got back from vacation on a private beach in Hawaii and bought his own million - dollar mansion with the help of a convicted felon really want to get into a debate about houses ?
Does a guy who worries about the price of arugula and thinks regular people ' cling ' to guns and religion in the face of economic hardship really want to have a debate about who ’s in touch with regular Americans ?
“ The reality is that Barack Obama ’s plans to raise taxes and opposition to producing more energy here at home as gas prices skyrocket show he ’s completely out of touch with the concerns of average Americans . ”
At a campaign appearance in Chester , Va. , on Thursday morning , Obama said : " Somebody asked John McCain , ' How many houses do you have ? ’
And he said , I ’m not sure .
I ’ll have to check with my staff .
True quote : I ’m not sure , I ’ll have to check with my staff .
So they asked his staff and he said , at least four .
At least four ! ...
" If you ’re like me and you ’ve got one house – or you were like the millions of people who are struggling right now to keep up with their mortgage so that they do n’t lose their home — you might have a different perspective .
By the way , the answer is : John McCain has seven homes .
So there ’s just a fundamental gap of understanding between John McCain 's world and what people are going through every single day here in America . "
McCain ’s comments came four days after he initially told Pastor Rick Warren during a faith forum on Sunday his threshold for considering someone rich is $ 5 million — a careless comment he quickly corrected .
In the interview , McCain did not offer an alternate number , but had a new answer ready .
“ I define rich in other ways besides income , ” he said .
“ Some people are wealthy and rich in their lives and their children and their ability to educate them .
Others are poor if they ’re billionaires . ”
McCain , by anyone 's measure , is well - off , if you account for his wife 's fortune .
Cindy McCain inherited control of her father ’s beer distributorship , the largest in Arizona , and has an estimated worth of more than $ 100 million .
Carrie Budoff Brown and Ben Smith contributed to this article .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - More Americans are leaving their cars at home and jumping on buses , trains , and trolleys as retail gasoline prices approach $ 4 per gallon , according to a report released Monday by the American Public Transportation Association .
American mass transit use increased 3.3 percent during the first quarter of 2008 while Americans drove 2.3 percent less during the same period , the report said .
The trend builds on last year ’s record increases when U.S. mass transit use reached a 50 - year high as consumers tried to temper the impact of soaring gasoline prices .
“ More and more people have decided that taking public transportation is the quickest way to beat the high gas prices , ” APTA president William W. Millar said in a press release .
“ There ’s no doubt that the high gas prices are motivating people to change their travel behavior , ” he added .
Average retail gasoline prices have topped $ 4 per gallon in 13 states and are running about 25 percent higher than last year , according to travel auto group AAA .
Travel on light rails , which includes streetcars and trolleys , showed the highest increase with a 10.3 percent bump in ridership , according to APTA .
Commuter rails came in second with a 5.7 percent increase in usage during the first quarter in large metropolitan areas .
Seattle ’s commuter rail system had the highest jump with nearly 28 percent more riders in the first quarter .
Buses had the least increase in ridership at 2 percent , although cities with populations under 100,000 saw a large increase -- 7.8 percent -- in bus ridership .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Kids Say the Most Pragmatic Things : Vol. III
Frankly , I 'm glad they cut art class .
Anyone who thinks art can pay the bills is a goddamn moron .
I love Santa Claus , but I 'm not IN LOVE with Santa Claus .
It 's too late for me , but the free market will take care of the rest of the poisonous Chinese toys .
The vice principal is a tyrant in the cafeteria because it 's the only part of his life he can control .
Do n't worry .
Depending on what you look like after puberty , you can always get work as a stripper or a carny .
Given the 1 % failure rate of condoms , and an administration hostile to reproductive rights , it 's very likely that one of my schoolmates ' parents hates his or her guts .
It 'll be at least seventy years before I can piss my pants again without getting embarrassed .
I do n't get what pedophiles see in us .
We 're gross .
I am NOT a Democrat ; Republican defenders , feel free to post your links to Democrat ( or Green , Libertarian , Indy politician ) child molesters here as well .
I do n't know if there 's a disproportionate number of child molesters in Republican politics , compared with the Democrats and general population ; if you know of studies , post them here .
Documented child molesters should not be holding public office , and public servants should not even have the appearance of corruption ; molesting kids is about as heinous as it gets
http://www.armchairsubversive.org/
Perhaps the most egregious example : “ Republican Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld authorized the rape of children in Iraqi prisons in order to humiliate their parents into providing information about the anti-American insurgency .
See excerpt of one prisoner 's report here and his full report here . ”
If you have the stomach for it , and need fuel for your outrage , also see the film :
“ Conspiracy of Silence , a documentary listed for viewing in TV Guide Magazine was to be aired on the Discovery Channel , on May 3 1994 .
This documentary exposed a network of religious leaders and Washington politicians who flew children to Washington D.C. for sex orgies . "
Related : the book The Franklin Coverup by John DeCamp , attorney and former Nebraska State Senator .
Also related to the Franklin Coverup and Conspiracy of Silence , see the June 29 , 1989 Washington Times front page article “ Homosexual prostitution inquiry ensnares VIPs with Reagan , Bush : ‘ Call boys ’ took midnight tour of White House ”
Virtual Library of Newspaper Articles
Sins of the mother
National Post ( national newspaper ) , by Barbara Kay , Wednesday , October 11 , 2006
We have heard the story before .
The names change , the province changes , the particulars of the custody case change , the age of the dead child changes , but some things stay the same when a mother kills her own children :
Any objective observer can see the tragedy coming a mile away , the children are not removed from her toxic embrace before it happens , and the mother is not only insufficiently punished ( if at all ) for the crime , but receives public sympathy on the assumption she was driven to it by forces beyond her control .
Last week , Frances Elaine Campione , 31 , locked in a year - long custody battle with her estranged husband Leonardo , was charged with the murder of their two baby daughters , one - year - old Sophia , and three - year - old Serena .
Whatever the truth turns out to be in this case , warning signs had abounded : The Children 's Aid Society of Simcoe County , Ont. had kept an open file on this family for some time ; former neighbours portrayed the mother as unstable and possibly suicidal ; some described bizarre and frightening public behaviour ; she had been hospitalized for treatment on several occasions .
In the past five years , there have been several comparable tragedies .
In 2003 , 13 - month - old Zachary Turner was drugged and drowned in Newfoundland by his mother , Shirley , while she was out on bail for the third time on charges of murdering Zachary 's father .
Then there was Toronto baby Jordan Heikamp , who in 2001 starved to death in his mother 's care under the eyes of the Catholic Children 's Aid Society ( no jail time ) , and Toronto baby Sara Cao , abused to death in 2001 by her mother Elizabeth ( again no jail time -- has any murdering mom ever done jail time in Canada ? ) .
According to Christie Blatchford , who followed the case , Sara 's mother was " treated by the system , and in the main by the media , as a pitiful [ woman ] , worthy of sympathy . "
When fathers kill , society holds them completely responsible .
In a way , this is a backhanded compliment .
They are assumed to be full - fledged moral agents acting from a willed choice .
In the default absolution of women from responsibility for violence , however , we see the soft bigotry of low expectations , and a kind of infantilization process , which presents in the form of familiar excuses .
Friends and relatives , women 's groups and sympathetic media all declare the tragedy a result of post - partum depression , the ravages of a custody battle or other uncontrollable factors .
Thus , even though , ironically , the ravages and iniquities of custody battles are disproportionately borne by men , there is no question that in any single one of these and all other such cases , if the father were the killer , the outcomes would have been very different .
Indeed , these deaths would likely have been prevented , for the same aberrant behaviour in a man over a period of months would render him unfit to parent in the eyes of all concerned .
A murdering father , it goes without saying , would have been sent to jail , and for a long time .
As a rule , then , when fathers kill their children , it is usually in spite of the system 's efforts to protect children , for both alleged and real warning signs by men are taken seriously .
But when mothers kill , it is usually because the system willfully ignored obvious warning signs -- or even , as may be the case in the Campione affair -- actively colluded with a disturbed mother in isolating the children from a stable and engaged father .
So these tragedies do n't happen because caseloads are too heavy , as CAS workers often plead , or because they are stupid .
The culprit , in short , is cultural bias .
They happen because frontline social service people have been marinating in an ideology that wilfully shifts the blame for domestic violence from women to men or " society , " whichever is handiest to the case .
They are trained to see women as victims , who need comfort and validation , and not -- in spite of a cornucopia of evidence to the contrary , as Lorne Gunter pointed out in his column yesterday -- as perpetrators of violence .
Not all deaths at the hands of disturbed parents can be prevented , but some can -- I think those Campione babies could have been saved -- if only those who stand between at - risk children and their fate jettison the persisting myths around domestic violence , and take a gender - neutral position when distinguishing children 's natural protectors from their enemies .
National Post 2006
George Washington ’s Blog
Monday , July 14 , 2008
Former deputy national intelligence officer for transnational threats , a 23 - year senior CIA analyst , who “ drafted or was involved in many of the government ’s most senior assessments of the threats facing our country [ and who ] devoted years to understanding and combating the jihadist threat ” , writes today in the Washington Post that the neocons have whipped us into an irrational fear of the terrorism .
In reality , “ Osama bin Laden and his disciples are small men and secondary threats whose shadows are made large by our fears ” and our leaders .
This is no surprise to anyone who has been paying attention .
The BBC produced a documentary called The Power of Nightmares in 2005 that showed that politicians were greatly exaggerating the terrorist threat for political ends .
FBI agents and CIA intelligence officials , Time Magazine , K eith Olbermann ( and here ) , The Washington Post , Rolling Stone and many others have all documented the intentional fearmongering tactics which the neocons have used to drum up support for their wars in Afghanistan , Iraq , and now Iran .
Because so many Americans got their panties in a wad about the boogeyman , we have allowed our basic rights and liberties to be taken away , allowed the executive branch to seize dictatorial powers and ignore Congress and the courts , allowed an illegal war be launched which has destroyed our economy ( why do you think the fed has printed trillions of new dollars , which is leading to hyperinflation ? ) , and has actually crippled our real national security ( torture and imperial wars create real terrorists and push away our allies ) .
( Article continues below )
Before Bush was sworn in , the U.S. had a huge budget surplus and was the world ’s sole superpower .
But the U.S. is now weak , insolvent , and hated .
How did this happen ?
Because Americans have been peeing their pants with fear . . .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
We were so scared of the graphic destruction of the Twin Towers – and we were so traumatized by the anthrax attacks on the press and Congress – that Americans allowed our “ leaders ” to act contrary to the nation ’s interest .
Have you ever seen a dog repeatedly bite his own tail ?
He gets whipped into such a frenzy by the “ intruder ” that he ignores the pain and keeps on biting .
That ’s what the American people have been doing to ourselves for the last 7 years . . . chasing phantom enemies and biting ourselves repeatedly in the tail .
Worse , we have let ourselves become so irrationally afraid that we ’ve nearly bitten our tail off , and we ’re bleeding out .
And yet we keep on biting . . . ( allowing new assaults on the Constitution , further consolidation of power in the executive branch , new socialist measures to support the financial elites , new imperial wars ) .
It is not an exaggeration to say that our fear is guaranteeing our destruction .
Get a grip , America .
Note :
If you need a little shot of courage , read this .
This article was posted : Monday , July 14 , 2008 at 2:18 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
UPDATE : There appears to be a coding problem with the YouTube .
The original video is at John McCain 's campaign website .
Or try this : Download Download ( h/t BillW )
Did you catch it ?
At the beginning of the ad , the title burns onto a picture of Obama , but the order is striking .
A L Q D C MT RY
( screengrab courtesy of JedReport )
al Qaeda Commentary ?
al Qaeda Cemetary ? al Qaeda Documentary ?
Who knows ?
But it 's not accidental .
In fact , Alex Castellanos is reportedly now working for the McCain campaign .
Who is Alex Castellanos ?
There is speculation in the blogosphere that Alex Castellanos is behind this video .
Who ?
This guy :
The Republican media consultant Alex Castellanos has been called the father of the modern political attack ad — an appellation he might not offer up himself , though we suspect he ’s kinda proud of it .
Although Castellanos has served on the GOP media team in every general election since 1988 , his most infamous spot ran in the 1990 North Carolina Senate race between Jesse Helms and Harvey Gantt , the former mayor of Charlotte , who also happened to be an African - American .
The commercial was called “ Hands , ” and it showed a white guy sitting at a table , the camera trained on his mitts as he crumpled up a job - rejection notice .
“ You needed that job and you were the best qualified , ” intoned the voice - over .
“ But they gave it to a minority because of a racial quota . ”
Ugly ?
Sure .
But it won reelection for Helms .
In this year ’s Republican race , Castellanos worked on Mitt Romney ’s primary bid , but today he sits on what ’s known as the McCain Ad Council , a group of A - list Republican admen serving as outside media advisers to the GOP standard - bearer .
FDL offers some more on Castellanos
US and EU urged to cut biofuels
Biofuels can be made from crops like wheat and rapeseed World Bank President Robert Zoellick has called for reform of biofuel policies in rich countries , urging them to grow more food to feed the hungry .
He was speaking at the G8 summit in Japan , where soaring food and fuel prices are top of the agenda .
The G8 leaders have been holding talks with seven African leaders .
UN chief Ban Ki-moon - also at the summit - urged the group to tackle the " interconnected " challenges of climate change , food prices and development .
Speaking on the sidelines of the summit on Hokkaido island , Mr Zoellick said biofuels - transport fuels made from crops - had made a contribution to food price rises .
He laid particular blame on fuels made from corn and rapeseed produced in the United States and the EU .
" The US and Europe also need to take action to reduce mandates , subsidies and tariffs benefiting grain and oil seed biofuels that take food off the table for millions , " he said .
G8 summit :
The key issues UK to slow expansion of biofuels Japanese island locks down
In pictures : G8 protests Mr Zoellick also urged the G8 to increase food aid and reduce trade barriers on farming products .
The three - day summit is being held at the resort town of Toyako .
As the meeting began , Mr Ban urged G8 leaders to help tackle the food crisis by delivering " the full range of immediate needs , including food assistance as well as seeds , fertiliser and other inputs for this year 's planning cycle " .
He also told reporters that governments should commit to long - term agricultural investment and lift export restrictions " in particular for humanitarian purposes " .
His comments came on the same day that the UK announced it would slow its adoption of biofuels amid " increasing questions " about them .
" We need to proceed cautiously until we can be certain that their expanded growth and use maximises the benefits and minimises the risks to our world , " said government minister Ruth Kelly .
Aid pledges Leaders from the G8 nations - Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia and the United States - are being joined by counterparts from some 15 other countries , including seven African states .
The best way to help the impoverished around the world is through trade
US President George W Bush
Charity in sanitation plea Action urged on childbirth deaths
The impact on the global economy of price rises and other shocks such as the credit crunch have eclipsed other concerns , correspondents say .
The EU has already been spelling out plans to alleviate the food crisis .
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told reporters that the proposed 1bn euro ( $ 1.6bn ; £ 800 m ) fund to help poor farmers in developing countries would come from unused EU subsidies .
The G8 leaders are also facing tough questions on aid commitments to Africa .
Campaigners say they are falling short of pledges made at a G8 meeting three years ago to double aid to the continent by 2010 .
Anti-G8 activists are using the summit to stage protests " They 're gradually stepping away from the promises they 've made , " Oxfam 's Max Lawson told AFP news agency .
As well as discussing development issues in Africa , the G8 leaders have been raising Robert Mugabe 's controversial re-election in Zimbabwe last month .
US President George W Bush said : " I am extremely disappointed in the elections which I labelled a sham election . "
Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete , who is also head of the African Union , said the whole continent shared President Bush 's concerns but that there was disagreement over what to do about it .
President Kikwete called for a unity government , and said he was optimistic that " as friends at the end of the day we 'll come to an understanding " .
Protesters have been holding marches in Sapporo , the city closest to the venue , to demand action on global warming , poverty and rising food prices .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
“ Comrade Members , like fire and fusion , government is a dangerous servant and a terrible master .
You now have freedom — if you can keep it .
But do remember that you can lose this freedom more quickly to yourselves than to any other tyrant .
Move slowly , be hesitant , puzzle out the consequences of every word .
I would not be unhappy if this convention sat for ten years before reporting — but I would be frightened if you took less than a year .
Distrust the obvious , suspect the traditional . . . for in the past mankind has not done well when saddling itself with governments .
For example , I note in one draft report a proposal for setting up a commission to divide Luna into congressional districts and to reapportion them from time to time according to population .
This is the traditional way ; therefore it should be suspect , considered guilty until proved innocent .
Perhaps you feel that this is the only way .
May I suggest others ?
Surely where a man lives is the least important thing about him .
Constituencies might be formed by dividing people by occupation . . . or by age . . . or even alphabetically .
Or they might not be divided , every member elected at large — and do not object that this would make it impossible for any man not widely known throughout Luna to be elected ; that might be the best possible thing for Luna .
You might even consider installing the candidates who receive the least number of votes ; unpopular men may be just the sort to save you from a new tyranny .
Do n’t reject the idea merely because it seems preposterous — think about it !
In past history popularly elected governments have been no better and sometimes far worse than overt tyrannies .
But if representative government turns out to be your intention there still may be ways to achieve it better than the territorial district .
For example you each represent about ten thousand human beings , perhaps seven thousand of voting age — and some of you were elected by slim majorities .
Suppose instead of election a man were qualified for office by petition signed by four thousand citizens .
He would then represent those four thousand affirmatively , with no disgruntled minority , for what would have been a minority in a territorial constituency would all be free to start other petitions or join in them .
All would then be represented by men of their choice .
Or a man with eight thousand supporters might have two votes in this body .
Difficulties , objections , practical points to be worked out — many of them !
But you could work them out . . . and thereby avoid the chronic sickness of representative government , the disgruntled minority which feels — correctly ! — that it has been disenfranchised .
But , whatever you do , do not let the past be a straitjacket !
I note one proposal to make this Congress a two - house body .
Excellent — the more impediments to legislation the better .
But , instead of following tradition , I suggest one house legislators , another whose single duty is to repeal laws .
Let legislators pass laws only with a two - thirds majority . . . while the repealers are able to cancel any law through a mere one - third minority .
Preposterous ?
Think about it .
If a bill is so poor that it cannot command two - thirds of your consents , is it not likely that it would make a poor law ?
And if a law is disliked by as many as one - third is it not likely that you would be better off without it ?
But in writing your constitution let me invite attention the wonderful virtues of the negative !
Accentuate the negative !
Let your document be studded with things the government is forever forbidden to do .
No conscript armies . . . no interference however slight with freedom of press , or speech , or travel , or assembly , or of religion , or of instruction , or communication , or occupation . . . no involuntary taxation .
Comrades , if you were to spend five years in a study of history while thinking of more and more things that your governinen should promise never to do and then let your constitution be nothing but those negatives , I would not fear the outcome .
What I fear most are affirmative actions of sober and well - intentioned men , granting to government powers to do something that appears to need doing .
Please remember always that the Lunar Authority was created for the noblest of purposes by just such sober and well - intentioned men , all popularly elected .
And with that thought I leave you to your labors .
Thank you . ”
Getting organised is paramount for every business .
In my country , construction business – at the most advanced way – incorporate the spreadsheets , while most other simply rely on pen and paper .
You know what , this gotta change !
I ’m in Business and IT industries – I understand the value of software in business management .
One word only to describe the importance : use software or die .
In today ’s cut - throat competitive environment , staying ahead of your competitors are very , very important .
Start tarrying , you will find yourself left in the dust .
Now , to compare .
I had lived in United Kingdom for 2 years , about 4 years ago .
All I can say is that the construction industry there is advanced – especially if you compare UK to the country I live right now .
Everything is well - planned – tidy road work tents , clear signs for drivers , and so on .
I enjoyed writing my thesis on Carillion , the leading infrastructure , building and business services companies in UK .
I learn a great deal of it and its business in construction .
During the thesis writing , I also notice that Sage Accounting Software is THE accounting software of UK .
To relate to the case study I was on , Sage is actually releasing a construction software that offer a fully integrated solution for the construction companies to be better organised .
To cut the long story short , I concluded that what make a construction company well managed is the right software it employ – in this case , Sage Construction Software .
About Construction Software
Ledger Services Ltd. is one of the authorised suppliers of the Sage software range , with one of its specialisation is on the construction software .
What makes this company trusted is the fact that it uses the Sage software itself .
Browsing through the website , I notice that if a construction company should pick a solution to manage its business , the right choice would be Sage Construction Service to manage the construction - specific front - end , with Sage 50 Accounts Professional to manage the more general back - end .
Having them both , in my opinion , will push your construction company ahead of your competitors .
Trust your construction business management software needs to ledger Services Ltd .
Cheers to the UK construction industry !
Ivan Widjaya
Keen on construction industry
Note : I simply love the UK classic building construction system – with the red bricks and the insulation system – I wish I could applied it to my home :D
commondreams.org
Published on Thursday , May 11 , 2006 by Consortium News
Hey Democrats , Truth Matters !
by Robert Parry
My book , Secrecy & Privilege , opens with a scene in spring 1994 when a guest at a White House social event asks Bill Clinton why his administration did n’t pursue unresolved scandals from the Reagan - Bush era , such as the Iraqgate secret support for Saddam Hussein ’s government and clandestine arms shipments to Iran .
Clinton responds to the questions from the guest , documentary filmmaker Stuart Sender , by saying , in effect , that those historical questions had to take a back seat to Clinton ’s domestic agenda and his desire for greater bipartisanship with the Republicans .
Clinton “ did n’t feel that it was a good idea to pursue these investigations because he was going to have to work with these people , ”  Sender told me in an interview .
“ He was going to try to work with these guys , compromise , build working relationships . ” 
Clinton ’s relatively low regard for the value of truth and accountability is relevant again today because other centrist Democrats are urging their party to give George W. Bush ’s administration a similar pass if the Democrats win one or both houses of Congress .
Reporting about a booklet issued by the Progressive Policy Institute , a think tank of the Democratic Leadership Council , the Washington Post wrote , “ these centrist Democrats “ ¦ warned against calls to launch investigations into past administration decisions if Democrats gain control of the House or Senate in the November elections . ” 
These Democrats also called on the party to reject its “ non-interventionist left ”  wing , which opposed the Iraq War and which wants Bush held accountable for the deceptions that surrounded it .
“ Many of us are disturbed by the calls for investigations or even impeachment as the defining vision for our party for what we would do if we get back into office , ”  said pollster Jeremy Rosner , calling such an approach backward - looking .
[ Washington Post , May 10 , 2006 ]
Yet , before Democrats endorse the DLC ’s do n’t - look - back advice , they might want to examine the consequences of Clinton ’s decision in 1993 - 94 to help the Republicans sweep the Reagan - Bush scandals under the rug .
Most of what Clinton hoped for “ “ bipartisanship and support for his domestic policies “ “ never materialized .
“ ˜Politicized ’ CIA
After winning Election 1992 , Clinton also rebuffed appeals from members of the U.S. intelligence community to reverse the Reagan - Bush “ politicization ”  of the CIA ’s analytical division by rebuilding the ethos of objective analysis even when it goes against a President ’s desires .
[ See Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Instead , in another accommodating gesture , Clinton gave the CIA director ’s job to right - wing Democrat , James Woolsey , who had close ties to the Reagan - Bush administration and especially to its neoconservatives .
One senior Democrat told me Clinton picked Woolsey as a reward to the neocon - leaning editors of the New Republic for backing Clinton in Election 1992 .
“ I told [ Clinton ’s national security team ] that the New Republic had n’t brought them enough votes to win a single precinct , ”  the senior Democrat said .
“ But they kept saying that they owed this to the editors of the New Republic . ” 
During his tenure at the CIA , Woolsey did next to nothing to address the CIA ’s “ politicization ”  issue , intelligence analysts said .
Woolsey also never gained Clinton ’s confidence and “ “ after several CIA scandals “ “ was out of the job by January 1995 .
At the time of that White House chat with Stuart Sender , Clinton thought that his see - no - evil approach toward the Reagan - Bush era would give him an edge in fulfilling his campaign promise to “ focus like a laser beam ”  on the economy .
He was taking on other major domestic challenges , too , like cutting the federal deficit and pushing a national health insurance plan developed by First Lady Hillary Clinton .
So for Clinton , learning the truth about controversial deals between the Reagan - Bush crowd and the autocratic governments of Iraq and Iran just was n’t on the White House radar screen .
Clinton also wanted to grant President George H.W. Bush a gracious exit .
“ I wanted the country to be more united , not more divided , ”  Clinton explained in his 2004 memoir , My Life .
“ President Bush had given decades of service to our country , and I thought we should allow him to retire in peace , leaving the ( Iran - Contra ) matter between him and his conscience . ” 
Unexpected Results
Clinton ’s generosity to George H.W. Bush and the Republicans , of course , did n’t turn out as he had hoped .
Instead of bipartisanship and reciprocity , he was confronted with eight years of unrelenting GOP hostility , attacks on both his programs and his personal reputation .
Later , as tensions grew in the Middle East , the American people and even U.S. policymakers were flying partially blind , denied anything close to the full truth about the history of clandestine relationships between the Reagan - Bush team and hostile nations in the Middle East .
Clinton ’s failure to expose that real history also led indirectly to the restoration of Bush Family control of the White House in 2001 .
Despite George W. Bush ’s inexperience as a national leader , he drew support from many Americans who remembered his father ’s presidency fondly .
If the full story of George H.W. Bush ’s role in secret deals with Iraq and Iran had ever been made public , the Bush Family ’s reputation would have been damaged to such a degree that George W. Bush ’s candidacy would not have been conceivable .
Not only did Clinton inadvertently clear the way for the Bush restoration , but the Right ’s political ascendancy wiped away much of the Clinton legacy , including a balanced federal budget and progress on income inequality .
A poorly informed American public also was easily misled on what to do about U.S. relations with Iraq and Iran .
In retrospect , Clinton ’s tolerance of Reagan - Bush cover-ups was a lose - lose - lose “ “ the public was denied information it needed to understand dangerous complexities in the Middle East , George W. Bush built his presidential ambitions on the nation ’s fuzzy memories of his dad , and Republicans got to enact a conservative agenda .
Clinton ’s approach also reflected a lack of appreciation for the importance of truth in a democratic Republic .
If the American people are expected to do their part in making sure democracy works , they need to be given at least a chance of being an informed electorate .
Yet , Clinton “ “ and now some pro-Iraq War Democrats “ “ view truth as an expendable trade - off when measured against political tactics or government policies .
In reality , accurate information about important events is the lifeblood of democracy .
Though sometimes the truth can hurt , Clinton and the Democrats should understand that covering up the truth can hurt even more .
As Clinton ’s folly with the Reagan - Bush scandals should have taught , the Democrats may hurt themselves worst of all when helping the Republicans cover up the truth .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , “ Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , ” can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It ’s also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , “ Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ‘ Project Truth . ’ ”
Â© 2006 Consortiumnews.com
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 13th , 2008
Mmm hmm .
Via : ABC News :
The American Medical Association has agreed to support proposed legislation that , some physicians say , could make make having a planned birth in one ’s home difficult , to virtually impossible .
As of now , no actual legislation has been drawn up , but the AMA has agreed to back a measure called “ Resolution 205 , ” a request to support the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists ’ ( ACOG ) position that home births are not safe .
“ We are against home births , period , ” said Gregory Phillips , an ACOG spokesman .
Women who give birth outside of a clinical setting risk putting themselves and their newborns at risk , Phillips told ABCNEWS.com .
In an e-mail to ABCNEWS.com , AMA board member Steven Stack , MD , wrote that the AMA “ stresses that the safest setting for delivering a baby is in the hospital or a birthing center within a hospital complex . ”
The influential medical groups — AMA and ACOG — now find themselves at odds with those who say women should have the choice to give birth at home or in a hospital .
The American College of Nurse - Midwives has issued an unequivocal statement in support of planned home births , citing a study in the British Medical Journal that showed home births to be no riskier than hospital births .
Although only about 1 percent of babies born in the United States are born outside of a hospital , the debate has been framed in some circles as a battle between our country ’s troubled medical system and mothers - to - be who want to break free of it .
Getting to know Cindy McCain
First Lady
There was an article recently in the Wall Street Journal on Cindy McCain , John ’s wife .
All I ever saw was this attractive woman standing beside John .
I was surprised how talented and involved with world problems she is .
This is a summary of the article .
She graduated from Southern Cal and was a special - needs teacher .
After her Dad died she became involved with his beer distributing firm and is now the chairwoman .
Sales have doubled since she has taken over from her father .
They have a marriage prenuptial agreement , her assets remain separate .
She is involved around the world clearing land mines – travels to these countries on a detonation team and service on their board .
They have a 19 year old serving in Iraq , another son in the Naval Academy , a daughter recently graduated from Columbia Univ. , an adopted daughter in high school , and a son who is the finance guy at the beer firm .
Raised kids in Phoenix , Az rather than Washington DC . ( better atmosphere ) He commuted .
In 1991 , Mrs. McCain came across a girl in an orphanage in Bangladesh .
Mother Teresa implored Mrs. McCain to take the baby with severe cleft palate .
She did so without first telling her husband .
The couple adopted the girl who has had a dozen operations to repair her cleft palate and
other medical problems .
They have a Family Foundation for children ’s causes .
She ’s active with “ Halo Trust ” – to clear land mines , provide water and food in war ravaged and developing countries .
She will join an overseas mission of “ Operation Smile ” , a charity for corrective surgery on children ’s faces .
She has had two back surgeries and became addicted to pain killers .
She talks openly about it which she says is part of the recovery process .
I ’m surprised the media is so quiet about her attributes .
They have tired to discredit John MCCain because of his wife ’s wealth — looks as if she knows how to put money and time to use in many good causes .
What a novel thought to have such a fine person as “ First Spouse ”
She sounds more
capable than Hillary or Obama .
We would really get two for the price of one .
A person with business and international experience .
John did work for the firm for awhile when he left the Navy .
She , however , has the real business experience .
Very interesting .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The top military and civilian leaders of the U.S. Air Force were forced out Thursday over the handling of nuclear weapons , the Defense Department secretary said .
Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Michael Moseley , left , and Secretary Michael Wynne have stepped down .
Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley and Secretary Michael W. Wynne resigned over the department 's concern over two incidents , including the August flight of a B - 52 bomber that flew across the country with nuclear weapons .
" Focus of the Air Force leadership has drifted " in terms of handling nuclear weapons and equipment , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said .
In August , a B - 52 bomber flew from North Dakota to Louisiana with the crew unaware that six nuclear - tipped missiles were on board .
Four officers were relieved of duty afterward , including three colonels .
Gates also cited this year 's discovery that components designed to arm and fuse nuclear warheads were accidentally shipped to Taiwan in 2006 .
Watch Gates talk about the firings »
Critics also cite last month 's news that the Air Force 's 5th Bomb Wing failed a defense " nuclear surety " inspection -- despite having months to prepare and being under close scrutiny after the previous incidents .
The inspection found deficiencies in the wing 's ability to protect its part of the nation 's nuclear stockpile .
The resignations come after a report on a Navy admiral 's investigation that criticized the Air Force 's reactions to the incidents .
Gates said the report " depicts a pattern of poor performance " in which Air Force brass did n't act to improve security after mishaps and Air Force personnel handling nuclear weapons consistently failed to follow existing rules .
Air Force leaders " not only fell short in terms of specific acts , they failed to recognize systemic problems , to address those problems or , when beyond their authority to act , to call the attention of superiors to those problems , " Gates said .
The investigation found that although the Taiwan incident did n't compromise the integrity of the U.S. nuclear force , it represented " a significant failure " by the Air Force to ensure sensitive military components , Gates said .
Gates said the report concluded that erosion in the branch 's command and oversight standards helped lead to the incidents , and that they could have been prevented if the oversight programs had functioned correctly .
He said he asked for the resignations after consulting President Bush .
Sen . Carl Levin , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Armed Service committee , welcomed Gates ' decision .
" Secretary Gates ' focus on accountability is essential and had been absent from the office of the Secretary of Defense for too long , " Levin said .
" The safety and security of America 's nuclear weapons must receive the highest priority , just as it must in other countries . "
Rep. Edward J. Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat and a senior member of the House Homeland Security Committee , also welcomed the resignations .
Markey said he 's long been concerned about what he called a series of dangerous Air Force missteps in handling nuclear weapons .
" The magnitude and frequency of these errors indicate a deep - seated problem within Air Force culture , practice and training , " Markey said .
" The entire Department of Defense should immediately recommit itself to ensuring the safety and security of our nuclear stockpile before one of these mistakes has lethal consequences . "
A senior military source said the August nuclear weapons incident was the straw that broke the camel 's back but that other leadership issues also factored into Moseley 's and Wynne 's resignations .
A previous investigation into the B - 52 flight uncovered a " lackadaisical " attention to detail in day - to - day operations at the air bases involved , an Air Force official said in October .
Maj . Gen. Dick Newton , assistant deputy chief of staff for operations , said the investigation found " a failure to follow procedures " by " a limited number of airmen " at the two bases .
Newton defended the procedures themselves .
Wynne is not the first secretary of a military branch to resign since Gates became Defense secretary .
In March 2007 , Gates announced the resignation of Army Secretary Francis J. Harvey in the wake of reports of substandard conditions at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
CNN 's Jamie McIntyre and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Air Force
As the presidential election nears , rhetoric on how to solve the country 's economic woes is dominating the political conversation .
However , persuading the American people of the economy 's recent relative strength ( if you 're John McCain ) or weakness ( if you 're Barack Obama ) is just as vital .
And the Census Bureau has just given fodder to both Democrats and Republicans in the form of a Median Household Income chart :
Do you see a stagnant Republic - led economy with income median income lower in 2007 than in 2000 ?
Or do you see a post - 9/11 , 3 year - long resurgence from 2005 - 2007 ?
Whoever can better spin that chart to the average voter may win .
Luckily for John McCain , 2008 data is n't on this chart .
Luckily for Barack Obama , most Americans can probably guess where it 's going .
See Also :
Obama Loves Ford ( F ) , McCain Loves GM ( GM ) : Which Cars You 'll Buy Under Each Administration ( GM , F , TM , HMC , NSANY )
McCain , Obama Energy Plans Bogus , So Pray They Change Them In Office
Obama , McCain Launch Campaign To Suck Up To CEOs
In 5 - 4 ruling , Supreme Court extends habeas rights to detainees
The Bush administration keeps insisting it can ignore the law when it comes to detainees at Guantanamo Bay .
And the Supreme Court keeps saying the Bush administration is wrong .
The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that foreign terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo Bay have rights under the Constitution to challenge their detention in U.S. civilian courts .
In its third rebuke of the Bush administration ’s treatment of prisoners , the court ruled 5 - 4 that the government is violating the rights of prisoners being held indefinitely and without charges at the U.S. naval base in Cuba .
The court ’s liberal justices were in the majority .
Justice Anthony Kennedy , writing for the court , said , “ The laws and Constitution are designed to survive , and remain in force , in extraordinary times . ”
The five - justice majority included Justices Kennedy , Breyer , Ginsburg , Souter , and Stevens .
Predictably , the minority was made of the four - vote conservative bloc : Roberts , Alito , Thomas , and Scalia .
( I mention this in part because a McCain administration would tilt the high court in the other direction , and rulings like this one would go the other way . )
The court has ruled twice previously that people held at Guantanamo without charges can go into civilian courts to ask that the government justify their continued detention .
Each time , the administration and Congress , then controlled by Republicans , changed the law to try to close the courthouse doors to the detainees .
The court specifically struck down a provision of the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 that denies Guantanamo detainees the right to file petition of habeas corpus .
“ The Supreme Court has finally brought an end to one of our nation ’s most egregious injustices , ” said Vincent Warren of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
“ By granting the writ of habeas corpus , the Supreme Court recognizes a rule of law established hundreds of years ago and essential to American jurisprudence since our nation ’s founding . ”
What happens next is a little less clear .
We do n’t know , for example , whether detainees ( some of whom have been held without charges for more than six years ) will get prompt legal hearings .
We also do n’t know , as Kevin noted , what would happen to those labeled “ enemy combatants ” if they ’re tried and found not guilty , since no country , anywhere , will take them .
We do know , however , that a majority of the Supreme Court is n’t buying the president ’s unique legal perspective .
Lyle Denniston called this a “ stunning blow ” to the Bush administration ’s arguments .
If Congress wishes to suspend habeas , it must do so only as the Constitution allows — when the country faces rebellion or invasion . [ … ]
The Court also declared that detainees do not have to go through the special civilian court review process that Congress created in 2005 , since that is not an adequate substitute for habeas rights .
The Court refused to interpret the Detainee Treatment Act — as the Bush Administration had suggested — to include enough legal protection to make it an adequate replacement for habeas .
Congress , it concluded , unconstitutionally suspended the writ in enacting that Act .
In a second ruling on habeas , the Court decided unanimously that U.S. citizens held by U.S. military forces in Iraq have a right to file habeas cases , because it does extend to them , but it went on to rule that federal judges do not have any authority to bar the transfer of those individuals to Iraqi authorities to face prosecution or punishment for crimes committed in that country in violation of Iraqi laws .
The issue , then , now returns to Congress .
One assumes the Judiciary Committee Chairmen — Pat Leahy in the Senate and John Conyers in the House — will be far less accommodating of the White House ’s position than the last time the administration came calling .
UNTIL last year ’s vote , Mr. Domenici was an opponent of new fuel - efficiency standards , a stance he now regards as a mistake .
“ We were like everybody else , ” he says .
“ We should have been more active on CAFE sooner . ”
With Detroit again seeing profits collapse as sales of big cars plunge , Mr. Domenici says he is worried about the survival of the domestic automakers .
“ They talked a good research game , ” he says .
“ But let ’s face it , little was being done .
They are suffering the consequences and could go broke just like the airlines . ”
What Congress did n’t or could n’t do , the free market is now doing in the form of higher gas prices : forcing Americans into more fuel - efficient cars .
Ms. Cischke of Ford says that in the last two months , “ We have seen more of a shift in the market than in 20 years of CAFE .
People are buying what they need . ”
Unfortunately , the shift is happening too fast for a company of Ford ’s size .
That is among the reasons Wall Street expects
Ford to lose more than $ 2 billion this year .
Congress , meanwhile , in its bid to explain the run-up in fuel prices , is examining the role of speculation and the increased flow of investor money into commodities .
Most energy economists emphasize the fundamental issue of supply and demand , rather than market manipulation , but financial factors like the weak dollar are also exacerbating the situation .
Stephen P. A. Brown , director of energy economics and microeconomic policy analysis at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas , estimates that a little more than 20 percent of the price of oil today can be attributed to the dollar ’s fall against the euro and other currencies .
Another financial factor behind the price rise that has n’t been talked about much on Capitol Hill or elsewhere is reduced hedging by oil companies on futures markets , says Larry Goldstein , a longtime energy analyst .
In the past , crude producers would offer buyers a portion of their energy output in future years in order to protect themselves if prices pulled back .
But energy companies got burned as prices kept rising during the last two years and have since cut back on selling untapped production  forcing prices for energy futures even higher .
Orange Sign Company
Want to achieve fantastic visibility for your business ?
Using eye - catching business signage products by local Orange sign company , Focus Signs & Graphics , you can do just that !
Reliable sign professionals , we take care of every last aspect of your new signage job on - site at our sign shop .
By using environmentally friendly practices , high - quality supplies , and a dedication to supplying superior services , our experts look forward to being your Orange , CA partner for your custom signage demands .
Your commercial signage explains to your potential customers a great deal about what your business is about , your products or services , and exactly why they must pick your brand as their partner of choice .
Our dedicated experts make it hard to miss your company with impactful outdoor signs , get your brand remembered with matching branded signage elements , and support facility navigation with supportive wayfinding signage .
Our devoted local sign company makes sure that we deliver imaginative sign and graphic products for your unique brand awareness needs .
Call Focus Signs & Graphics today at ( 714 ) 695-5459 for your Free Consultation with a Signs & Graphics expert !
Signs That Work For You
Do you need to build your average sale , accelerate your traffic , or improve your staff work productivity ?
Focus Signs & Graphics delivers the eye - catching graphics and signs you ’ll need to do exactly that .
From the introductory free consultation to on - site sign installation , we make sure we are delivering the right signs and graphics for your business desires , brand , goals , and location .
Our professionals work hard to be aware of your unique brand presence plans , allowing us to provide functional , durable signage alternatives that will work for your brand .
Proper signs highlight your business , feature your specific products , and make it simple for clients and customers to maneuver through your facilities unassisted .
From durable storefront signs to goal - oriented address signs , cabinet signs , banners , and a lot more , we have the right tools to generate awareness and income .
GET A FREE QUOTE
Capture the attention of potential consumers with high - impact outdoor graphics and signs custom made by Focus Signs & Graphics !
From impressive monument signs and graphics to promotional a - frames , door lettering , storefront signs , dimensional letters , and more , we create all of the signs , graphics , and images your brand needs for higher business visibility .
Enhancing a strong base of loyal customers begins with an exciting business storefront .
This is the primary way a potential new customer finds out about your business , so the important information it gives should always be captivating , goal - focused , and helpful .
Nearly all businesses and organizations will need a branded storefront sign , such as pylon signs , cabinet signs , dimensional letters , or channel letters to present their physical location .
Window displays tell prospects what your business has to offer while signs for doors provide useful information including your business hours of operation .
Portable signs , a - frame signs , sidewalk signs , or flag signs draw in customers with special discounts .
You need the most appropriate combination of these engaging and attractive outdoor signs and graphics to appeal to considerably more customers and clients , and Focus Signs & Graphics will help make sure your business storefront shows success .
Support your staff and customers , grow your average ticket , and enhance employee productivity and job satisfaction with impactful , custom branded indoor signs and graphics by Focus Signs & Graphics .
Delivering brand supporting indoor signage solutions , we provide the right signs and graphics to support your specific business goals .
The right interior signage blend will be cohesive with your business goals , branding , legal requirements and guidelines , and your actual physical facilities and layout .
We consider all of these elements , as well as what we know about how customers interact with businesses like yours , to recommend cohesive , attractive sign and graphic components such as lobby signs , wall murals , safety signs , ADA and wayfinding signs , and any other type of interior sign you need .
Our Orange indoor signage experts provide smart suggestions and recommendations to ensure you are getting the perfect signage to support your business , brand , and bottom line .
Instantly and dramatically improve your brand visibility with high - quality , high - impact commercial vehicle wraps and graphics by Focus Signs & Graphics !
Providing custom fleet wrap services for every kind of commercial vehicle , our vehicle wrap experts assist with wrap design , production , and professional installation .
Our durable wrap products deliver a layer of protection to your corporate vehicles , while simultaneously promoting your unique branding message everywhere your car , truck , van , bus , or boat goes .
From food trucks to delivery vans , semi-trucks and trailers to smart cars and ATVs , we produce eye - catching , branded vehicle wraps , graphics , lettering , and magnets to attract maximum exposure and attention for your business and brand .
Impactful , custom vinyl graphics , wraps , and signs are a beneficial supplement for any organization .
When searching to find a way for gaining interest for your shopfront , be of assistance to shoppers when they are finding their way around , or need to build excitement around a promotion , our vinyl custom signage professionals have the perfect vinyl signs and graphics for your distinctive brand .
We are your local , professional full - service custom signs agency , supplying you with complete signs , graphics , and banner services , including design , environmentally - friendly production , and installation .
This means we can easily provide personalization for any sort of high - visibility and brand promoting graphics you desire .
Regardless of whether it ’s promotional , eye - catching lettering , floor graphics , banners , window graphics , vinyl clings , wraps , decals or a whole collection of vinyl signs and graphics you would like , our vinyl signage experts handle your custom vinyl signs and graphics project skillfully , and we pay attention to even the smallest detail .
Built to perfectly reflect your brand , business , and desires , custom signs are a creative solution for commercial signage .
As your Orange custom sign and graphics specialists , our team is motivated and excited to create complementary and cohesive sign and graphic elements that utilize your brand colors , fonts , logos , and personality , as well as your physical space , time frame , and budget .
Every brand wants something that is truly unique , setting them apart from the other businesses in both their market and their local area .
We can completely conceptualize a specialty sign for your brand , or can customize popular signage elements .
This could be adding backlighting or halo lighting to channel letters or dimensional letters , custom forming your logo , or etching , carving , sandblasting , or burning other mediums like wood , acrylic , stone , and more .
From a single show - stopping storefront sign to a complete collection of custom commercial signage , Focus Signs & Graphics is excited to use their creative insight and experience to develop the ideal custom signage solutions for your business and brand .
GET A FREE QUOTE
Complete Commercial Signage Company
As a full - service sign and graphics manufacturer , we assist with every signage need your business ever has .
From interior sign design to pole sign installation , we make sure every aspect of your project is well - planned and well - executed .
When you want a dedicated and experienced local sign and graphics partner that you can trust to handle every phase and aspect of your project , Focus Signs & Graphics is the right signage company for you .
Many of our projects being with a free on - site or over the phone consultation , where we discuss your project , desires , facilities , and brand .
We utilize a full team of experienced sign and graphic professionals to deliver the right signage solutions for you , including custom design , sign fabrication , expert installation , and even maintenance and repair to keep your business looking it ’s best .
If you are n’t certain what type of signage , sign materials , or placement is right for you , or have any other questions about how effective signage can benefit your business , we have the answers you need .
Let ’s Talk - Free Consultation
We are dedicated and motivated to show you exactly what high - quality , effective signage can mean for your business and brand .
When you want to attract and retain new customers , support the efficiency of your business operations , and sell more products and services , your local Orange sign company , Focus Signs & Graphics , has the smart solutions you need .
We are dedicated and eager to earn your business , and to become the brand you can trust for all of your current and future commercial sign and graphic needs .
Contact Focus Signs & Graphics today at ( 714 ) 695-5459 for your Free Consultation with a Signs & Graphics expert !
Officials at the Camden County Animal Shelter are trying to figure out how someone lost a 44 - pound cat .
The cat was found outside , without a collar , in Voorhees .
The largest tabby on record weighed 46 pounds , 15 ounces .
That cat , who lived in Australia , died in the 1980s .
Shelter officials are calling the kitty " Princess Chunk . "
Shelter volunteer Deborah Wright tells The Courier Post of Cherry Hill the cat is built like a quarterback .
The cat 's owner has until Saturday to reclaim her .
After that , " Chunk " will be eligible for adoption .
Plans for a large human trial of a promising government - developed H.I.V. vaccine in the United States were canceled Thursday because a top federal official said scientists realized that they did not know enough about how H.I.V. vaccines and the immune system interact .
The decision is a major setback in an effort to develop an H.I.V. vaccine that began 24 years ago when government health officials promised a marketed vaccine by 1987 .
Health officials have long contended that such a vaccine would be their best weapon to control the AIDS pandemic .
A number of other H.I.V. vaccines are in various stages of testing around the world .
But there had been high hopes for the government ’s trial because the potential vaccine was among a new class that sought to stimulate the immune system in a different way .
The official who canceled the government trial , Dr. Anthony S. Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said it was becoming clearer that more fundamental research and animal testing would be needed before an H.I.V. vaccine was ever marketed .
I saw my first McCain bumper sticker yesterday and two things struck me .
One , I ’m surprised it took this long to find a single supporter in the republican - heavy area I live in , and two , the logo looked familiar .
Thanks to 30 seconds of google image search , I think I figured it out :
Like this : Like Loading ...
Media Reform conference in Minneapolis : Criticism of the media , but a movement still in the orbit of the Democratic Party
Part one
By David Walsh
13 June 2008
This is the first of two articles about the recent National Conference for Media Reform held in Minneapolis .
( See Part two )
Several thousand people gathered in Minneapolis June 6 - 8 for the fourth annual National Conference for Media Reform .
The event , hosted by Free Press , was advertised by its organizers as an effort to bring together the “ growing movement to create a more accountable , democratic and diverse media . ”
Free Press is a non-profit group founded in 2002 by Robert McChesney , professor of communications at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and the author of numerous critical works on the American media , John Nichols of the Nation magazine and Josh Silver , currently the group ’s executive director .
The theft of the 2000 election by the Bush camp , along with the deplorable role played by the media in that event , was one of the catalysts for the creation of Free Press .
The politically and intellectually degraded state of the American mass media is a pressing issue facing the US and , for that matter , global population .
Over the past decade in particular — from its complicity in the manufactured sex scandal against Bill Clinton and the hijacking of the national vote in 2000 , through its failure to ask questions about or investigate the events of September 11 , 2001 , to its criminal role in facilitating the war against Iraq — the American media has figured prominently in the assault on democratic rights at home and the drive for world domination by the US ruling elite around the world .
Executives at a handful of vast conglomerates determine what millions hear and see on a daily basis , covering up and distorting the truth or brazenly lying in defense of the profit system and their own personal wealth .
There is mounting disgust and outrage at this situation .
This has found a certain expression in the growth of the media reform conferences over the past four years .
The sincerity of many of those in attendance in Minneapolis is not in question , but the perspective of the diverse group leading the conference , which is generally shared by many of the participants , is a hopeless one : to control or reduce the power of the conglomerates , defend public media and guarantee open access to the Internet by applying pressure on the Democratic Party , one of American capitalism ’s two principal political instruments .
Many prominent figures of the liberal left made an appearance at the conference , including Amy Goodman of “ Democracy Now ! ” ; author and columnist Naomi Klein ( The Shock Doctrine ) ; Arianna Huffington of the Huffington Post ; Norman Solomon of the Institute for Public Accuracy and Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting ( FAIR ) ; Nichols of the Nation ; filmmaker Robert Greenwald ( Uncovered : The War on Iraq , Outfoxed , etc. ) ; author and columnist David Sirota ( The Uprising ) and numerous others .
Organizations such as the American Civil Liberties Union , the National Organization for Women , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the Consumers Union , CODEPINK , the Anti-Defamation League , the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) were represented by speakers .
A variety of academics and journalists were also in attendance , along with a handful of union officials , as well as diverse figures such as novelist and political activist Walter Mosley ; Craig Newmark , founder of Craigslist ; Lizz Winstead , comedian and co-creator of “ The Daily Show ” ; and David Cobb , the Green Party presidential candidate in 2004 .
A number of Democratic Party politicians attended or sent video messages , including Senators Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota and Byron Dorgan of North Dakota and Representatives Keith Ellison of Minnesota and Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania .
The two Democratic members of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , Michael Copps and Jonathan Adelstein , also appeared at the conference .
The lurch to the right by the mass media , dominated by a handful of conglomerates , has also impelled some formerly prominent media figures to speak out critically , in some cases after they themselves have come into conflict with higher - ups .
One of those most closely associated with the “ media reform ” movement is Bill Moyers , former White House press secretary under President Lyndon Johnson in the mid-1960s , former CBS news analyst and longtime host of his own programs on the Public Broadcasting System .
In his address to the conference Saturday morning , Moyers told the crowd that media consolidation was “ a corrosive social force . ”
Such consolidation “ pollutes the political culture ” and turns political debate into “ a shouting match ” among “ partisan apologists who trivialize democracy while refusing to speak the truth about how our country is being plundered . ”
The American media , he said , is ultimately accountable to corporate boards concerned only with “ the aggrandizement of corporate executives and shareholders . ”
Moyers warned that “ without a truly free and independent press , this 250 - year - old experiment in self - government will not make it . ”
Toward the end of his address , he commented : “ Extremes of wealth and poverty cannot be reconciled with a truly just society .
Capitalism breeds great inequality that is destructive , unless tempered by an intuition for equality , which is the heart of democracy .
When the state becomes the guardian of power and privilege to the neglect of justice for the people who have neither power nor privilege , you can no longer claim to have a representative government . ”
Another featured speaker was Dan Rather , “ CBS Evening News ” anchorman for 24 years , from 1981 to 2005 .
Rather became the victim of an orchestrated effort to purge him for airing a segment in 2004 on how George W. Bush had managed to get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War , thus avoiding the possibility of being drafted .
The ultra -right launched a campaign against Rather , claiming that CBS had used forged documents to substantiate the charge against Bush , which has been amply proven .
Following his forced resignation Rather launched a $ 70 - million law suit against CBS for damaging his reputation and violating his contract .
He is still pursuing the case .
In his address to the conference in Minneapolis Saturday night , Rather noted that in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq , America ’s major “ news organizations made a decision — consciously or unconsciously , but unquestionably in a climate of fear — to accept the overall narrative frame given them by the White House , a narrative that went like this : Saddam Hussein , brutal dictator , harbored weapons of mass destruction and , because of his supposed links to Al Qaeda , this could not be tolerated in a post - 9/11 world . ”
As CBS anchor , it should be said , Rather played his own role in that process .
He went on to argue that US news organizations over the past quarter - century have “ fallen prey to merger after merger , acquisition after acquisition ... to the point where they are , now , tiny parts of immeasurably larger corporate entities ... These are entities that , as publicly - held and traded corporations , have as their overall , reigning mandate : Provide a return on shareholder value .
Increase profits .
And not over time , not over the long haul , but quarterly . ”
He said that “ quality news of integrity ” is sure “ to rock the boat now and then . ”
Serious news reporting will , “ in that famous phrase , afflict the powerful and comfort the afflicted , ” and this contradicts “ the need to deliver shareholder value . ”
In his concluding comments , Rather declared , “ It means that we need to continue to let our government know that , when it comes to media consolidation , enough is enough .
Too few voices are dominating , homogenizing and marginalizing the news .
We need to demand that the American people get something in exchange for the use of airwaves that belong , after all , to the people . ”
Earlier in the day , at a press conference , Rather decried the abandonment of the idea that “ a public journal [ is ] ... a public trust . ”
He advocated “ keeping a small candle burning ” for the idea “ that news is to be reported in the public interest . ”
He later observed , “ American journalism has lost its spine .
It needs a spine transplant . ”
The remarks of Moyers and Rather have a certain objective significance .
Here were two erstwhile members of the media establishment painting a dire picture of the present situation and acknowledging that the existence of a handful of conglomerates is incompatible with honest news gathering and the existence of a democratic society .
Phil Donahue , host of his own popular television talk show for 27 years , appeared at the Minneapolis meeting , in part to promote his film , Body of War .
Donahue ’s primetime show on MSNBC , which had the cable channel ’s highest ratings , was cancelled just weeks before the launching of the Iraq war in 2003 .
A memo from the channel ’s executives has become public indicating their anxiety over criticism of the Bush administration made on the program .
Catherine Crier , formerly a CNN and Fox anchor and talk show host , correspondent for ABC ’s “ 20/20 ” and “ World News Tonight ” and Court TV host , spoke at one of the conference ’s panel discussions , as did New York - based CBS correspondent Randall Pinkston .
All in all , the Minneapolis conference was attended by the well - intentioned and the not so well - intentioned , by genuine liberals and reform - minded individuals , on the one hand , and by the professional political watch dogs of the Democratic Party , on the other , ever vigilant and hostile to any trend or movement that might arise to the left of that party .
The latter category includes those in and around publications such as the Nation and In These Times , Amy Goodman of “ Democracy Now ! ” and others .
To a certain extent , the quasi-establishment figures make a more favorable impression , simply because they are more honest with themselves and their audience .
They hardly pretend to be anything other than they are , disaffected liberals .
The “ left ” elements , who claim to be staunch opponents of the status quo , are worse .
They can never say what they truly think , always hold themselves in check , and are trained to detect anything that calls into question the existing political set - up .
They are always dishonest .
A highly variegated group of people attended the Minneapolis conference , including a healthy number of social climbers and careerists .
One speaker cheerfully made mention of the fact that at the next such conference , perhaps 18 months hence , the attendees would be concerned with problems of “ governance , ” i.e. , that they would be participants in a Barack Obama administration .
No doubt more than a few are salivating at that prospect .
At its heart the perspective of the media reform movement is essentially untenable .
The consolidation of media ownership in a few hands and all its attendant ills — the trivialization and commercialization of content , the debasement of news coverage , the absence of critical thought in mainstream radio and television — are the inevitable product of private ownership of the vast communications and media resources .
The emphasis on “ grassroots ” efforts and “ local ” organizing ( of a vague and unspecific character ) , while it may be sincere on the part of some , is an evasion of the problem : capitalism .
Those who go on at length about the crimes of the American establishment , but either remain silent about the Democrats or offer indirect , shamefaced support , are evading the central political issue in American political life : the need to break from this imperialist party and construct a party of the working population along socialist and internationalist lines .
The relationship of the various forces in the leadership of the media reform movement is a fundamentally unprincipled one , because it depends on avoiding a discussion about critical historical and ideological questions : above all , the devil ’s pact made by postwar liberalism with anti-communism and the consequences of that alliance , which still resonate today , including at the Minneapolis conference .
While no doubt principled in their own fashion , Moyers and Rather are representatives of Cold War liberalism , steeped in anti-communism .
Other figures at the media reform conference come from left - wing or Stalinist backgrounds , but they keep their mouths shut , not wanting to create difficulties .
They say many things , but they remain frightened of offering a serious critique of the profit system for fear of being called “ communist . ”
( This did not prevent Fox News Channel ’s Bill O’Reilly , Rupert Murdoch ’s mouthpiece , from launching a hysterical attack on the “ far left ” conference , referring to the participants as “ crazies ” and “ fascists . ” )
While the most daring speakers last weekend could utter the word “ capitalism ” in one context or another , none , in my hearing at least , mentioned “ socialism . ”
Thus the delegitimization of left - wing and socialist ideas continues into our day , despite the recognition by individuals in the media reform movement of its existence and pernicious impact .
( See the exchange with Robert McChesney and John Nichols in the second part of this article . )
The timidity and half - heartedness of the speakers are what gave the various presentations their unsatisfying , generally unconvincing and all too often tedious character .
This was a conference of half - truths , of going so far ... and no farther .
The reinforcement of illusions in the Democrats by the more conscious elements in this milieu takes various forms .
Individuals like John Nichols of the Nation do not conceal their devotion to the Democrats .
Nichols wrote a glowing tribute last week to Barack Obama , the Democrats ’ presumptive presidential candidate , declaring his securing of the presidential nomination “ a historic moment for Obama , for the Democratic Party and for the American experiment . ”
In Minneapolis , on a panel devoted to a discussion of “ Media and Elections : Uncovering 2008 , ” Nichols not only made clear his uncritical support for Obama , but went out of his way to praise Sen.
Hillary Clinton , whose vote in support of authorization for war in Iraq has discredited her in the eyes of many opponents of the US intervention .
Nichols ’ job here was to shore up support for all wings of the Democratic Party .
Nichols told his somewhat bemused audience : “ I want to pay tribute to a candidate today who ’s getting out of the race tomorrow .
I know not everyone ’s pleased with Hillary Clinton , I know not everybody loved her , but I will tell you this : she forced the television networks to put some women on that bus as well , there were women commenting on this election who would not have been there if she had n’t been a candidate . ”
The Nation ’s Washington correspondent went on to denounce the “ racist ” and “ sexist ” media coverage of the Democratic race , omitting any serious discussion of the war or the mounting economic devastation facing wide layers of the population .
At the same time , when it is necessary , Nichols pays lip service to the need for “ diversity ” in the American political scene , criticizing on that same panel the efforts to exclude independent Ralph Nader from debates and coverage by the media .
The Nation , of course , has done everything in its power to discredit and block the candidacy of independents like Cindy Sheehan , who is challenging Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi in San Francisco .
To be continued
China 's " human flesh search engine " is in hot pursuit of an unnamed Chinese factory worker after photographs of her showed up unexpectedly on a new iPhone 3G purchased recently in Britain .
In one of the photos , a young woman dressed in a pink striped factory uniform and wearing a matching white cap and rubber gloves , is seen smiling and flashing a " V " sign as she leans over an iPhone assembly line .
The photos were discovered by an iPhone user in Britain who promptly posted his find on the MacRumors forum , setting off a global chain reaction of media interest and culminating in the quest by Chinese internet users to discover her identity .
Raleigh , N.C .
It might be the most politically correct housing development on the planet .
In Raleigh , where hundreds of old houses have been torn down to make way for bigger , fancier new ones , one neighborhood stands out .
Called Barrington Village , it comprises 24 homes that were saved from demolition by a nonprofit group and moved to the ...
NEW DELHI : Questions were being asked on Tuesday about the sudden departure of Ken Haywood , an executive of an MNC whose computer Internet connection was used to send terror e-mail minutes before Ahmedabad blasts , but the Government chose to remain mum .
Haywood left on the intervening night of August 17 - 18 from Indira Gandhi International Airport here , despite a lookout notice issued by the Mumbai police pending against the 48 - year - old US citizen .
He was accompanied by his wife and two daughters to his home via Brussels .
The sudden departure of Haywood has given rise to considerable speculation about him including whether he had links with a western intelligence agency .
There was speculation that his links with intelligence agencies had come to fore after which he felt threatened and left the country .
However , no one was forthcoming to confirm .
Haywood underwent lie detector and brain mapping test and nothing adverse was found against him .
Mumbai police 's anti-terrorist squad had summoned him to verify the allegation that a senior police official had demanded a bribe from him .
Working with Cambell
White in the country 's commercial capital , Haywood was questioned several times after the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of Indian Mujahideen mail , sent to various media houses minutes before Ahmedabad blasts , led to his flat in Navi Mumbai .
The entire building had a Wireless Fidelity ( WiFi ) with Haywood being one of the users .
He had claimed that his connection , which was not password protected , was used by the terror group to send the email .
Haywood , who had come on a four - year contract , worked as a corporate training manager with Campbell White .
He has more than 20 years experience in the field and has held senior positions with Fortune 500 companies throughout that time .
He has completed courses of study in civil engineering , real estate law , business communications , conflict resolution and advanced professional training courses , a statement issued by the company sometime back said .
Gujarat Police is already on the look out for a technical professional , who was working with Wipro company , as they claim that he could have possibly hacked his internet connection .
Dog dies after traffic cop apathetic to owner 's pleas
SAN MARCOS , Texas --
A police officer was accused of inappropriate behavior after his misconduct may have resulted in a dog's death , ABC News reported .
Officer Paul Stephens pulled over Michael Gonzalez for speeding at 100 miles an hour down an interstate highway , prompting the driver to get out of the car , saying , " He 's dying . "
Gonzales and his girlfriend Krystal Hernandez explained that they were speeding to reach a veterinary clinic because their pet poodle Missy was choking .
The dashboard camera of the police car shows Officer Stephens yelling and criticizing the couple for putting other people 's lives at risk for a dog .
" You 're driving down the highway at 100 per hour , " he said .
" It 's a dog , it 's OK .
You can get another one .
Relax . "
Stephens kept Gonzalez on the roadside for 15 minutes .
The dog died as the couple waited for Stephens to issue a citation .
The couple tried to convince the officers several different ways to allow them to save their pet , KWTX Channel 10 News reported .
Gonzalez and Hernandez said they begged Stephens to let them go to the vet and turn themselves in for the speeding ticket later .
Gonzalez also offered to stay behind with the officer while Hernandez took the dog to the vet .
But Stephens ignored their pleas .
Police supervisors called the incident a " rookie mistake " and did not found Stephens guilty of any misconduct .
" This was not our finest hour , " said San Marcos Police Chief Howard Williams .
However , Williams did say that Stephens behavior was less than stellar .
" His world was collapsing .
And what the officer says to him , basically , is , ' I do n't care , ' " Williams said .
Earlier this week , a police officer in Arizona was acquitted of charges of animal cruelty after leaving a police dog in a patrol car for 13 hours on a hot day last summer , the Associated Press reported .
Recent examples of police misconduct towards people are unfortunately no less appalling and usually include the use of tasers .
Police in South Carolina punched a teenage boy 13 times in the face before tasering him as he lay prone on the ground .
Police tasered an injured teen from Ozark , Missouri up to 19 times after he fell from a highway overpass in late July .
The 16 - year - old had broken his back and heel when the officers began tasering him .
In yet another bizarre instance of police violence , a 66 - year - old minister was tasered and beaten by hospital security guards for what he claims was a joke .
In that incident , hospital security cameras caught five officers kicking Rev. Al Poisson on the ground for at least five minutes .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
It made a big splash when scientists announced in 2006 that images from a NASA spacecraft indicated water apparently had flowed on the surface of Mars in the past decade but new research casts doubt on that finding .
Gully channels in a crater in the southern highlands of Mars , taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , are shown in this image released by NASA September 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / NASA / JPL / University of Arizona / Handout
Other scientists on Friday said new images and computer simulations strongly indicate that a landslide of sand and gravel is a more likely explanation for the bright deposits in gullies previously touted as evidence of recent water flow .
“ We started off not thinking that we were going to debunk anything .
I absolutely thought it was going to be liquid , ” Jon Pelletier , a professor of geosciences at the University of Arizona who led the new study , said in a telephone interview .
Using previous images from NASA ’s Mars Global Surveyor and newer , higher - resolution readings from NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , the team created three - dimensional pictures of one of the geological formations showing downhill flow in a crater .
The scientists then ran computer simulations of what conditions might have caused such a formation .
Flows of liquid water did not really match the formation in the computer models but flows of dry , granular material like sand and gravel matched it almost perfectly , they reported in the journal Geology .
“ What we ’d hoped to do was rule out the dry flow model -- but that did n’t happen , ” University of Arizona planetary sciences professor Alfred McEwen said in a statement .
Pelletier said his research cannot absolutely rule out that liquid water created the flow formation , measuring about 1,600 feet long and up to 330 feet wide .
Another possibility is that flows of thick mud containing about 50 percent to 60 percent sediment with a consistency similar to molasses or lava might be responsible .
“ The simplest explanation is that it is dry , granular flow , ” Pelletier said .
“ We think that the simpler explanation is probably the correct one . ”
The presence of water on Mars is a hot topic for scientists .
They have presented strong evidence of huge deposits of frozen water at the Martian poles and point to geological features that indicate that large bodies of water have flowed on the planet ’s surface in the distant past .
Water is a key to the question of whether life , even in the form of mere microbes , ever existed on Mars .
On Earth , all forms of life require water to survive .
Kenneth Edgett of Malin Space Science Systems in San Diego , who was involved in the 2006 study suggesting the flows were liquid , declined comment .
This could be one of those unexpected events that forever changes the way the world perceives an issue .
Iraq 's Prime Minister agrees with Obama , and there 's no wiggle room or fudge factor .
This puts John McCain in an extremely precarious spot : what 's left to argue ?
to argue against Maliki would be to predicate that Iraqi sovereignty at this point means nothing .
Obviously , our national interests are n't equivalent to Iraq 's , but ...
Malik is n't listening to the generals on the ground ... but the " has n't been to Iraq " line does n't work here .
So how will the McCain campaign respond ?
( Via e-mail , a prominent Republican strategist who occasionally provides advice to the McCain campaign said , simply , " We 're fucked . "
No response yet from the McCain campaign , although here 's what McCain said the last time Maliki mentioned withdrawal : " Since we are succeeding , then I am convinced , as I have said before , we can withdraw and withdraw with honor , not according to a set timetable .
And Im confident that is what Prime Minister Maliki is talking about , since he has told me that for many meetings we've had . "
Will Maliki retract his words ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The station said dwindling stocks had caused the price rise A Devon petrol station has been charging £ 1.99 a litre - more than £ 9 a gallon - as nearly 400 forecourts in the county suffered dwindling supplies .
The Foxhayes station at Exwick , near Exeter , said it had put all petrol and diesel prices up to conserve stocks .
About 380 filling stations have experienced supply problems or closed altogether , business leaders said .
The problems follow a strike by Shell tanker drivers in a dispute over pay .
We 're not being mean ... the price will go back to normal as soon as we get a delivery
Ron James Chairman of the Devon and Cornwall Business Council Tim Jones said : " It started out in a pretty orderly way .
People got out of bed and thought : ' It 's just going to be Shell garages ' and what did they see ?
They saw a lot of ' no petrol ' signs right across the board .
" It was n't just the Shell garages , and that started a ripple effect . "
Foxhayes station manager Ron James said his price hike was to preserve supplies and said he was " not being mean " .
He told BBC News : " It 's all been panic buying .
" People have been coming in buying £ 80 to £ 100 of fuel instead of £ 10 and £ 20 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He added : " We can not get any more supplies , we 're not being mean .
" The price will go back to normal as soon as we get a delivery . "
In the meantime , drivers who buy petrol from the garage while the prices are high are getting a £ 24 discount off an MoT. Petrol supplies in another South West town ran out on Monday .
Some drivers from Liskeard travelled as far as Plymouth , 12 miles ( 19 km ) away , for fuel as other petrol stations struggled to maintain supplies .
Picket lines were in place at a fuel depot in Cattedown , Plymouth , until late on Monday afternoon , barring any tankers from taking deliveries .
Fuel supplies began to leave the site after picketers left .
Talks were held on Monday between haulage firms contracted to Shell and their tanker drivers to avert another strike next weekend .
They are due to continue on Tuesday .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Today at the D6 : Conference , the corporate doyens and business leaders were out in full force , both on and off stage .
Those who were grilled on stage showed were true to their form – Amazon ’s Jeff Bezos charmed everyone with optimism for Kindle , Yahoo ’s Jerry Yang was all emotion and patience , and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook showed that he is still a young fella brimming with big dreams .
But it was the wily old Fox , News Corp founder Rupert Murdoch who proved to the most charming , candid , amusing , honest and informative at the same time .
Candid enough to admit that there is n’t anyone to really compete with him .
Honest enough to point out what a mess both Microsoft and Yahoo made out of their deal , and Google is still a great partner .
About Yahoo and Microsoft he said : I ’m mystified .
I ca n’t understand the whole thing ?
Neither can we Mr. Murdoch .
He talked at length about the future of media , both on and offline .
His responses to a barrage of questions was lucid and refreshingly without corporate speak .
He talked about online video , Hulu and future of movie distribution .
Murdoch told the audience he did n’t sue YouTube because it provided promotion for shows like the Simpsons .
And Hulu , said Murdoch , was a way for News Corp to control its copyrights .
Murdoch expressed interested in online alternatives to broadcast television and traditional film releases , but said he still expects television to be “ central . ”
Releasing movies only online ? — he said that ’s possible , but has n’t been tried yet ( well , not by Murdoch ’s crowd ) .
He ’d like to see movies released on all screens at the same time but vested interests in the distribution chain oppose it .
When the conversation turned to politics things got really interesting .
Mr. Murdoch can hardly be acused of being a democrat or a liberal , but he viewed Barack Obama positively and wanted to meet Obama .
“ I want to know if he ’s going to walk the walk , ” comparing him to rock star .
He did n’t quite endorse Barack , but he said Senator John McCain , the Republican candidate for US president has problems and challenges .
Read full transcript on All Things D , and watch the video .
Photo and video courtesy of the D6 conference .
Photo by Asa Mathat .
The Bornean clouded leopard was only classified as a distinct species in 2007
Enlarge Image
Automatic cameras have captured images of a clouded leopard in Borneo 's Sebangua National Park , an area where the cats have not been recorded before .
Researchers say confirmation of the leopards ' presence highlights the need to protect the region 's habitat .
The park is one of the world 's largest deep peat - swap forests , but is at risk from illegal logging and forest fires .
The images are helping a team of scientists identify what big cat species are found in the area .
The motion - activated remote cameras that captured the remarkable images were located on the northern edge of the Sebangau National Park , Indonesian Borneo .
" The Bornean clouded leopard is a top priority for our programme , " said Professor David Macdonald , director of Oxford University 's Wildlife Conservation Research Unit , which is part of the Sebangau Felid Project .
" We are very excited by this evidence that they occur at Sebangau - a great deal remains to be discovered about these beautiful felids , which are a flagship for conservation in South - East Asia . "
Camera action
Based on estimates of density and population range , the team says the clouded leopards number no more than 10,000 sexually mature adults .
The cat was first classified as a separate species in 2007 after genetic testing highlighted at least 40 differences from clouded leopards found on mainland Asia .
The project aims to protect Indonesian Borneo 's wild cat species , which also include the leopard cat , marbled cat and flat - headed cat .
As well as capturing the first image of the Bornean cloud leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) in the park , the cameras have also photographed a number of other species , including Malaysian sun bears , bearded pigs and lesser mouse deer .
The national park is also home to the world 's largest remaining population of Bornean orangutans ( Pongo pygmaeus wurmbii ) , and a " substantial " number of Bornean southern gibbons ( Hylobates albibarbis ) .
Why Do Voters Reward Poor Disaster Preparedness ?
Politicians reap higher electoral benefits from doling out disaster relief money than they do from spending money beforehand on disaster prevention .
According to a new paper by Andrew Healy , an economist at Loyola Marymount University , that creates an incentive for governments to underprepare for natural disasters .
So if voters reward poor preparedness , Healy writes , the American voter “ bears some responsibility ” for the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina and other disasters that were made worse by poor prevention efforts .
Healy finds that , on average , every $ 1 spent on disaster mitigation prevents roughly $ 8 of disaster damage over the following five years .
But in most cases , voters shun politicians who call for more investment in infrastructure and other disaster preparedness efforts when the skies are clear .
Politicians routinely run on pledges to prevent crime by putting more cops on the street .
Why do n’t more candidates run on preventing future floods by putting more levees on the river ?
( Hat tip : Overcoming Bias )
So who 's up for a leadership battle ?
The photo - shoot Gordon did n't want ... but at least he was wearing his seat belt !
It could be a scene from Apocalypse Now – apart , that is , from the forced smile , safety - first seat belt and dark blue suit worn by Gordon Brown as he visited British troops in Baghdad yesterday .
Unfortunately , the Prime Minister ’s attempt to boost his image by posing as an action man with the troops did n’t quite go to plan .
It went wrong shortly after he arrived at Baghdad Airport , when he banged his head painfully as he left the RAF Hercules transport plane which had flown him in .
Staring down the barrel : Gordon Brown on board the RAF Puma .
Scroll down for a description of the kit on the helicopter
Then it got even worse when he switched to an RAF Puma helicopter to take him into the ‘ Green Zone ’ in the city centre .
After strapping himself in and donning an uncomfortable - looking flak jacket – something image obsessed Tony Blair always avoided on such trips – Mr Brown decided to have a chat with the airman in charge of the machine gun poking out of the side of the helicopter in case of attack .
As they chatted , the airman let go of the gun , which swung round and came to rest directly in front of Mr Brown , making it appear as though he were the gunner .
A Press photographer travelling with Mr Brown seized the moment and started taking pictures of the smiling Premier .
One of Mr Brown ’s No10 secretaries immediately spotted the impending public - relations gaffe and frantically waved her arms , gesturing the photographer to stop .
But it was too late .
When a Downing Street Press officer was alerted to what had happened , he examined the photos and ‘ went white with shock ’ , according to one witness .
By then , thanks to modern technology , the photographs of Mr Brown , once again looking more like Mr Bean than a world statesman , were already halfway round the world .
Rats on cocaine prove theory about the 4th dimension .
A team of scientists looking to better understand the brain 's perception of time have performed a series of unorthadox tests - one involving dropping a guy off a high structure , and another involving the intentional drugging of rats , with both weed and cocaine .
The bit where the guy is dropped off the tower is fairly compelling evidence .
Whereas you could complain that he never gets the number exatcly right , you could just as easily write that off to the fact that he 's falling pretty fast from a high height , and its tricky to concentrate on anything under those conditions .
I have more problems with the rat experiment .
It all hinges on being able to train these rats to consistently press a button after a set interval .
To me , thats a little too subjective to be indisputable evidence .... seems like the scientists were just shooting the shit one day , and decided it would be hilarious to drug some rats .
They were right .
Oil production sharing agreements should be more aptly called " How we stole the Iraqi 's oil and used our military to do it " .
The push to pass production sharing agreements through the Iraqi parliament has hit numerous bumps in the road .
The Iraqi parliament , which is nothing more than part of the puppet government set up by Bush and other global elitists , refused to pass the new oil laws necessary to allow up to 60 % of Iraqi oil production to be owned by non-Iraqi entities .
That would be Exxon / Mobil , BP and Dutch Shell to you and me .
If you think or believe that the current oil prices have anything to do with whether or not we are sinking wells in the Gulf of Mexico , in ANWAR , or anywhere else on or around this continent , you probably should n't be reading this article .
The current oil prices are directly tied to your willingness to continue to slaughter the people of a country whose economy is based on oil and which nationalizes its production rather than allowing a few greedy globalist elites to rape and plunder this national asset .
The higher they crank up the price per gallon , the more willing we are to kill people " over there " rather than control corporations " over here " .
When the Iraqi parliament refused in 2007 to pass new laws to benefit the above mentioned global parasites , the Bush regime went into high gear propaganda mode .
Supposedly , attacks by insurgents were way up and now we had to increase troop levels to protect our soldiers ( and for other purposes ) .
Seems to me , if troop safety was ever a concern , they would n't have been half way around the world fighting a pre-emptive war against a non-threatening country to gain access to their oil .
I do n't believe in coincidences and I do n't believe it 's coincidental that the failure to pass the long coveted agreements coincided with the troop surge which precipitated even more death and destruction in Iraq .
Neither do I believe that insurgent attacks were any more prevalent than at any other time .
The troop surge was nothing less than a signal to the puppet Iraqi government that there was nothing we would not do , no weapon we would n't use , no bomb we would n't drop , and no one we would n't torture into submission to get those agreements passed .
And now that the agreements look like they will become a reality ?
Why !
The insurgent attacks have dropped so much that it looks like some of our troops can begin coming home .
Go figure .
This is where I say " I told you so ! "
Two years ago I wrote about this very issue and stated that until these agreements were passed to benefit the oil cartels , there would be no withdrawal , no end to the occupation and no end in sight to this war .
What is a nation like ours , whose economy is 45 % dependent upon the war industry to do ?
It seems that one of our diplomats reported to British newspapers that Israel has been put on " amber alert " , standby , with instructions to ready itself to attack Iran .
See , we are n't going to attack them ...... Israel is ; Israel that has been armed with more than 200 nuclear warheads in violation of the non-proliferation treaty .
Armed with weapons we have supplied them , manufactured and developed by our arms industry .
Israel that has been performing training exercises over Iran regularly for at least two years in an attempt to provoke them into war .
Supposedly we are n't going to send any of our military to assist them .
Just more weapons and be there as a back up .
In my opinion , the Israeli people suffer from the same corruption of government as we do .
The Israeli government and those behind the scenes in Israel , who pull the strings , no more represent the Israeli people than Bush and Cheney represent America .
Neither government views its people as anything more than fodder for the cannons .
And neither government represents anyone other than a collection of obscenely wealthy multinationals who believe that we are all dispensable as long as they get what they desire .
And this international cabal of evil is now set to raze yet another mid-eastern country with the sole intent of seizing its assets and controlling the world 's oil supply .
So what if a few million Iranians die ?
This does seem to be a matter of " when they do it , we call it terrorism , when we do it we call justified " .
America has lost any semblance of being a just or civil society .
We have been exposed to the world as corrupt , greedy , inhumane , unjust and murderous .
Rather than being an example to the world of what is right , of how good things can be when a democracy thrives , we have become the standard bearer for corruption and aggression .
It 's no wonder the rest of the world now views us as the biggest threat to peace .
More than this , we have been exposed as a country so dumbed down , so paralyzed with stupidity , we willingly tolerate a government that is actively working to take away our own democracy , our own freedoms while we sit idly by in our stupor .
This , as the Bush administration fabricates another phony threat with yet another country in another war for oil .
© 2008 , Marti Oakley
Infighting in Iraq will delay oil deals
Jeremiah Mondello was a damn good software salesman .
While he was still in college , he started a backyard eBay business that earned him some $ 300,000 in three years , mostly shipping Intuit 's Quicken financial software at the rock - bottom price of about $ 30 a pop .
His secret ?
He pirated the software , burned it onto counterfeit discs and laundered his profits through a series of PayPal accounts established under stolen identities .
This week a federal judge sentenced the 23 - year - old to four years in prison for identity theft , copyright violation and mail fraud , in a prosecution hailed by the Justice Department as a warning shot to software counterfeiters .
Convicted hacker and software counterfeiter Jeremiah Mondello , shown in happier times , never thought he would get caught .
He fears his upcoming four - year prison term .
" It 's the scariest thing I 've ever imagined , " Mondello said .
" I never dreamed this would happen in my wildest dreams .
I never wanted any of this .
It was a huge mistake . "
In an exclusive interview with Wired.com , Mondello described how he stumbled into the counterfeit software business , and the fear gripping him as he awaits his upcoming prison stint ; free on bail for the moment , he has to report to jail within 60 days .
Mondello's conviction , the 29th involving online auctioning and commercial distribution of counterfeit software , comes as Congress considers strengthening enforcement of copyrights and trademarks – legislation that would set up an FBI anti-piracy unit and create an executive - level copyright czar reporting directly to the president .
The Software Information and Industry Association and other groups say U.S. companies lose billions in revenue from piracy .
Mondello started small .
In 2005 , while a college student , it occurred to him he could make a quick buck by copying the SonicMY DVD Deluxe software that came with his new computer , then selling the original .
Then he noticed his Epson photo printer had the ability to print on discs at a near professional quality , so he took the logical next step and began making counterfeit versions of DVD Deluxe and other programs , and offering them on eBay .
" I just sold a few to pay for gas and lunch .
I was on financial aid .
I did n't want to take out any more student loans , " he said .
" That was the starting motivation .
Later , I guess I kind of decided I thought it would be a good idea to save some money and start my own business and do some travel . "
Like any smart businessman , he poured some of his profits back into the enterprise , investing in some acrylic spray from the local hardware store and a few more Epson printers .
" This spray - on you get from the hardware store , it gives it a nice seal , " he said .
" It looks professional .
I thought that was kind of interesting . "
Mondello chose to counterfeit products like Intuit 's because they were often marketed without retail packaging .
He said he " started experimenting out in the back shed .
I tried to see what I could produce for a better product .
I sold a few more .
Then I was like ' Well , I 'm selling this under my name under my eBay account with my PayPal account with my return address . '
I thought this was a pretty bad idea . "
Mondello decided to conceal his identity , but needed real PayPal accounts to receive payment for the thousands of discs he was selling , which were eventually produced on two Bravo Premier Pro copiers .
PayPal , though , required a link to a real bank account , and for obvious reasons he did n't want to use his own .
That 's where the hacking entered .
He began delivering a Trojan horse program to bank - account holders over instant messenger .
The Trojan monitored the key strokes of his victims , allowing him to acquire their online banking passwords .
He wielded the stolen passwords to get the victims ' bank account numbers , and then to verify the microdeposits that PayPal sends as a bulwark against exactly this kind of fraud .
He withdrew his piracy profits from cash machines using PayPal debit cards .
But he insists that he never stole a penny from the bank accounts he hacked .
" Absolutely not .
I would never do that and take that money .
I never did anything I felt was wrong .
And that 's the truth , " he said in the telephone interview from Eugene , Oregon , where he was a University of Oregon student .
Mondello , who comes from a broken home ( .pdf ) , said he learned his craft on internet forums or websites .
" It was all discovered online , " he said .
" I was self - taught . "
He knew the scheme would eventually come to a halt , but he did n't expect to be arrested .
" What I thought : I would probably one day get an e-mail from somebody asking for me to stop .
That e-mail never came , " he said .
Instead , last Halloween , federal agents showed up to his apartment in Eugene .
" I opened the door .
I immediately felt they had the wrong house , " he said .
" '' What is this ? '
I thought .
I was not expecting that .
They started to read me the warrants .
It kind of dawned on me that they had the right house . "
He does n't recall whether they were armed .
Nevertheless , he spilled his guts .
" I gave them ( .pdf ) all they wanted , " he said .
For all he precautions he took to conceal his own identity , he kept records of every transaction on his laptop .
He watched as the U.S. Customs agents carted the computer out the door .
" I had all the records on my computer that they took .
It never ever occurred to me that anybody would ever come in my home like that , " he said .
" I never password - protected the computer .
I never encrypted anything . "
He pleaded guilty in May , and returned about $ 160,000 in cash .
Matthew Friedrich , acting assistant attorney general for the Justice
Department 's Criminal Division , said the case " proves that law enforcement can identify and prosecute offenders who attempt such schemes . "
Mondello's lawyer , Jay Frank , said in a court filing that the hacker has " has learned a great deal in the last year or so . "
" He feels tremendous remorse for what he 's done , " Frank wrote .
" In addition , he is extremely fearful of prison , and seems ... to be more openly fearful , and more openly preoccupied with what his circumstances will be when he's in prison , than virtually any other client [ I have ] represented in this court since 1985 . "
See Also :
Click to view The United States has existed for only a little over two centuries , which is a paltry amount of time when you consider that many nations and city - states have lasted for thousands of years ( hello , Rome ) .
Now it 's starting to look like this brief experiment with human government is going to fail , and soon .
Science fiction writers from William Gibson to Lyda Morehouse have written about a future where the United States no longer exists , or has been so heavily reorganized that it is n't recognizable .
And Stanford futurist Paul Saffo recently told the San Jose Mercury News , " The U.S. may not exist in any recognizable form in the middle of this century . "
Though he did n't offer a long list of reasons , we know exactly what he means .
There are good reasons to believe that the U.S. is falling apart , and we 've got five big ones for you to mull over as you watch this once - powerful twentieth century empire slowly drip down the drain .
Advertisement
1 . Too many internal divisions
People in the United States refer to the country being divided into " red states " ( conservative regions ) and " blue states " ( progressive regions ) .
The division is so extreme that most recent presidential elections have been close calls , with red states voting Republican and blues voting Democrat — the nation is so evenly divided , and the vote so controversial , that in 2000 the presidential election had to be called by the courts rather than by a standard tally .
But the nation is n't just divided by red and blue .
It 's also divided by wealth and poverty , with some states like California boasting per capita GDPs of over $ 42 thousand , and other states like Mississippi with a per capita GDP at a little over $ 24 thousand .
Advertisement
Can a nation divided both ideologically and economically survive ?
It 's one thing to disagree over religion , but quite another to disagree over who gets to have a school system in their state next year .
When people in some regions of the United States feel screwed over economically , as well as insulted culturally , it may begin to feel as if they have no choice but to break away from a nation that no longer represents their best interests .
2 . A decadent culture
The United States has , for a long time , been the world 's biggest exporter of popular culture .
US movies play all over the world , from Cuba to the UAE , and US television roams the planet as well .
Partly that 's because Hollywood is such a wealthy industry that its products are just the shiniest things around , but it's also because the nation 's pop culture has been inspirational ( even if propagandistic at times ) and groundbreaking .
But now even the most die - hard fans of US pop culture have to admit that the Hollywood machine needs some serious upgrades .
It 's decaying .
The biggest sign of our decadent pop culture is the glut of sequels and remakes that circulate and recirculate through the pop machine .
This summer 's movie slate , and next season 's TV slate , are perfect examples .
We 've got a Batman sequel , a Hulk remake , a movie version of a comic book in Wanted , and a Hellboy sequel in theaters , plus a remake of a British TV series ( Life on Mars ) in the works for fall .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
How can the US continue to be a nation of innovators and free thinkers if all our pop culture is being recycled from previous generations ' pop culture ?
I 'm not saying that there is such a thing as a completely original story , but remaking old stories again and again encourages people to look back to the past for ideas rather than trying to break new ground .
3 . Too much military , not enough social welfare
While the US government fights an expensive war that is so unpopular that even former Secretary of State Colin Powell says it 's not justified , the country still has n't set up a public health care system or solved its problems with social security and medicare spending .
The wealthy push for lower taxes , and people like billionaire Bill Gates claim they can pick up the slack by engaging in philanthropy .
Yeah , philanthropy worked great back in the early twentieth century , when guys like Andrew Carnegie said the same thing .
And then the nation fell into the Great Depression , and had to create a sane welfare system .
Advertisement
It 's not likely that we 're going to see another president or administration that is willing to reboot welfare , and that is only going to add to the problems I discussed in reason # 1 .
Whether or not you think welfare is the answer , it 's clear that the government should be spending more money improving the lives of its citizens rather than fighting a war in Iraq .
Maybe that money should go towards education , or health care , or space travel .
The point is , US citizens feel increasingly abandoned by their national government .
4. Citizens do not trust their government
US intelligence group the National Security Agency ( NSA ) has acknowledged that it spent the past several years illegally wiretapping and spying on vast portions of the US population .
The NSA asked phone and internet service providers like AT&T to hand over all information they had on what every single customer was doing online or on the phone .
And AT&T did it , even though the NSA had not gotten a warrant or gone through any of the proper court procedures to get that personal and sensitive data .
The US government has repeatedly tried to pardon the NSA for doing this , which sets up an atmosphere of fear and suspicion among US citizens .
Most people here in the US know they are probably being spied on and have given up the idea of privacy .
Meanwhile , US citizens can't really trust the government to give them truthful financial information either .
Many commentators have pointed out that the US Treasury 's method of measuring inflation has downplayed the extent to which the country is suffering from a greater level of inflation than the government admits .
Advertisement
So if your government is spying on you , and lying to you about how much more expensive it has become to live in the US , how can you trust that government to care for and protect you ?
Maybe so few US citizens turn out to vote partly because they feel like the government lies about everything , so they might as well not bother participating in the political process .
Obviously the situation is more complicated than that , but nevertheless it 's easy to see why a nation that cannot represent itself transparently to its own citizens might be headed for a fall .
5 . No science and engineering leadership
What made the US one of the world 's most powerful nations during the twentieth century was its focus on science and engineering innovation .
The government poured money into developing new technologies to make life easier — and , admittedly , to use as weapons .
The president 's science adviser was an important position , which the Bush Administration downgraded .
Now there is no direct science adviser to the President of the US .
Moreover , new US immigration laws keep talented immigrant scientists out of the country , and lack of funding for science education means that fewer and fewer young US citizens will grow up to invent world - transforming technologies .
It does n't help that the US government still refuses to accept scientifically - verified claims about climate change , has banned funding for research into promising areas like stem cell therapies , and refuses to provide basic sex education in schools .
Advertisement
Without a strong focus on science and technology education , as well as a strong science agenda in government , the US is likely to become a technological anachronism .
It will wither away into obsolescence while Europe and Asia go to space in their nano - suits with crews of AI robots .
In addition , without a strong science agenda , the US will not be able to meet the challenge of dealingl with climate change , and therefore make take the entire world down the drain with it .
Image via PlanetXProphecies .
さっそく時間を作って読んでいるわけですが，コードが
Python なんですよね．僕は Ruby の人なの で Ruby でやりたいなと思っていまして，読みながらその場で同時通訳しています．その過程で
Ruby のコードができるわけですが，せっかくなのでココで紹介しますね．現状，2.5 の最後 ( p.20 ) まで読みましたので，それを載っけましょう．ファイル名は recommendations.rb です．
まずは p.8 のデータセットです．recommendations.rb は load で読み込むことを前提にしています ．Ruby はファイルスコープを持っていて，ローカル変数はファイルの外からは見えません*1．そのため本文中の変数 critics は， Ruby では手っ取り早くグローバル変数にしました．
$ critics = { ' Lisa Rose ' => { ' Lady in the Water ' => 2.5 , ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 3.5 , ' Just My Luck ' => 3.0 , ' Superman Returns ' => 3.5 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 2.5 , ' The Night Listener ' => 3.0 , } , ' Gene Seymour ' => { ' Lady in the Water ' => 3.0 , ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 3.5 , ' Just My Luck ' => 1.5 , ' Superman Returns ' => 5.0 , ' The Night Listener ' => 3.0 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 3.5 , } , ' Michael Phillips ' => { ' Lady in the Water ' => 2.5 , ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 3.0 , ' Superman Returns ' => 3.5 , ' The Night Listener ' => 4.0 , } , ' Claudia Puig ' => { ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 3.5 , ' Just My Luck ' => 3.0 , ' The Night Listener ' => 4.5 , ' Superman Returns ' => 4.0 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 2.5 , } , ' Mick LaSalle ' => { ' Lady in the Water ' => 3.0 , ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 4.0 , ' Just My Luck ' => 2.0 , ' Superman Returns ' => 3.0 , ' The Night Listener ' => 3.0 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 2.0 , } , ' Jack Matthews ' => { ' Lady in the Water ' => 3.0 , ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 4.0 , ' The Night Listener ' => 3.0 , ' Superman Returns ' => 5.0 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 3.5 , } , ' Toby ' => { ' Snakes on a Plane ' => 4.5 , ' You , Me and Dupree ' => 1.0 , ' Superman Returns ' => 4.0 , } , }
このコードに対する p. 9 の実行例は次のようになります．irb を使います．
muraken#mrkn - macbook:~/study/books/collective_intelligence_ja/ruby$ irb >> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> $ critics [ ' Lisa Rose ' ] [ ' Lady in the Water ' ] => 2.5 >> $ critics [ ' Toby ' ] [ ' Snakes on a Plane ' ] = 4.5 => 4.5 >> $ critics [ ' Toby ' ] => { " Superman Returns " => 4.0 , " Snakes on a Plane " => 4.5 , " You , Me and Dupree " = > 1.0}
ちなみに，本文の実行例の最後の行は間違っていて，上記ように
Superman Returns も出てくるのが正しいです．
次に p.11，ユークリッド距離に基づく類似性スコアを求める関数です．Ruby では以下のように Recommendations モジュールの中で，モジュール関数として定義しました．
module Recommendations def self .
sim_distance ( prefs , person1 , person2 ) si = prefs [ person1 ] . keys & prefs[ person2 ] . keys return 0.0 if si.empty ?
sum_of_squares = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += ( prefs[person1 ] [ item ] - prefs[ person2 ] [ item ] ) ** 2 } return 1.0 / ( 1.0 + sum_of_squares ) end end
Array の集合演算を使うと小気味良いコードになりますね．差の平方の総和ではもちろん inject を使います JK ．実行例は以下のとおりです ．
>> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> Recommendations.sim_distance ( $critics , ' Lisa Rose ' , ' Gene Seymour ' ) => 0.148148148148148
今度は Pearson の積率相関係数に基づく類似性スコアを算出する関数です．ユークリッド距離との違いは，データの分布関数の位置 ( 平均値の値 ) が影響するか否かです．ユークリッド距離は位置が影響します．Pearson の積率相関係数は位置は影響せず，分布関数の形だけが重要になります．
module Recommendations def self .
sim_pearson ( prefs , p1 , p2 ) si = prefs [ p1 ] . keys & prefs [ p2 ] . keys n = si.length return 0.0 if si.empty ?
sum1 = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += prefs [ p1 ] [ item ] } sum2 = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += prefs [ p2 ] [ item ] } sum1sq = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += prefs [ p1 ] [ item ] ** 2 } sum2sq = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += prefs [ p2 ] [ item ] ** 2 } psum = si.inject ( 0.0 ) {| acc , item | acc += prefs [ p1 ] [ item ] * prefs [ p2 ] [ item ] } num = psum - ( sum1*sum2 / n ) den = Math .sqrt(( sum1sq - sum1 ** 2 /n ) *( sum2sq - sum2** 2 /n ) ) return 0 if den == 0.0 r = num / den return r end end
これらのコードは，本文のコードのコメントをそのまま残す形で翻訳しています．上のコードの sum1，sum2，sum1sq，sum2sq を求める4つの inject は次のようにまとめることができて，こっちのほうがループが1/4回になるので，データのサンプル数が多いときに有利です．
sum1 , sum2 , sum1sq , sum2sq = si.inject ( [ 0.0 ] * 4 ) {| accs , item | accs [ 0 ] += prefs [ p1 ] [ item ] accs [ 1 ] += prefs [ p2 ] [ item ] accs [ 3 ] += prefs [ p1 ] [ item ] ** 2 accs [ 4 ] += prefs [ p2 ] [ item ] ** 2 }
実行例は以下のようになります．
>> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> Recommendations.sim_pearson($critics , ' Lisa Rose ' , ' Gene Seymour ' ) => 0.39605901719067
さて，どんどん行きましょう．次は p.15 の topMatches 関数です ．Ruby へ翻訳するときは，関数名と変数名を snake_case に変更しています ．
module Recommendations def self .
top_matches ( prefs , person , n= 5 , & similarity ) scores = ( prefs.keys - [ person ] ) .
collect {| other | [ similarity [ prefs , person , other ] , other ] } scores.sort ! scores.reverse!
return scores [ 0 , n ] end end
このコードでも Array の集合演算がとてもキレイにはまってる気がします．実行例は以下のとおりです．
>> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> Recommendations.top_matches( $critics , ' Toby ' , n=3 ) {|prefs , p1 , p2| Recommendations.sim_pearson(prefs , p1 , p2 ) } => [ [ 0.99124070716193 , " Lisa Rose " ] , [ 0.924473451641905 , " Mick LaSalle " ] , [ 0.893405147441565 , " Claudia Puig " ] ]
今回はあと2つです．推薦を算出する関数は次のようになりました．
module Recommendations def self .
get_recommendations ( prefs , person , & similarlity ) totals = {} sim_sums = {} for other , items in prefs next if other == person sim = similarlity [ prefs , person , other ] next if sim <= 0.0 for item , value in items if ! prefs [ person ] .
has_key ?( item ) || prefs [ person ] [ item ] == 0.0 totals [ item ] ||= 0.0 totals [ item ] += value * sim sim_sums [ item ] ||= 0.0 sim_sums [ item ] += sim end end end rankings = totals.keys.collect {| item | [ totals[item ] / sim_sums [item ] , item ] } rankings.sort !
rankings.reverse!
return rankings end end
totals と sim_sums を初期化するところで付値している {} を Hash.new ( 0.0 ) へ書き換え て
totals = Hash .new ( 0.0 ) sim_sums = Hash .new ( 0.0 )
このようにすると ，
totals [ item ] ||= 0.0
と
sim_sums [ item ] ||= 0.0
の2行が不要になります．最初から初期値が 0.0 だと分かってる場合は，このようにすると良いでしょう．ところで，私はあまり for を使わない人なんです．しかし，今回翻訳するにあたって
Python 版が for を使っていたので試しに for で書いてみたのですが，以外とすっきりしていてビックリです．ただし ，for はスコープを汚すので，それが嫌な場合はイテレータを使うことになります．
for item , value in items
この部分をそのま ま
items.each do | item , value |
と書き換えれば良いと思います．実行例はこうなります．
>> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> Recommendations.get_recommendations ( $critics , ' Toby ' ) {|prefs , p1 , p2| Recommendations.sim_pearson(prefs , p1 , p2 ) } => [ [ 3.3477895267131 , " The Night Listener " ] , [ 2.83254991826416 , " Lady in the Water " ] , [ 2.53098070376556 , " Just My Luck " ] ] >> Recommendations.get_recommendations ( $critics , ' Toby ' ) {|prefs , p1 , p2| Recommendations.sim_distance( prefs , p1 , p2 ) } => [ [ 3.50024784014159 , " The Night Listener " ] , [ 2.75612429399594 , " Lady in the Water " ] , [ 2.46198848607437 , " Just My Luck " ] ]
さて，今回の最後の関数です．critics を転置するための関数ですね．次のようになりました．
module Recommendations def self .
transform_prefs ( prefs ) result = {} for person , items in prefs for item , value in items result [ item ] ||= {} result [ item ] [ person ] = value end end return result end end
result へ最初に付値するハッシュを {} ではな く
result =
Hash .new {| h , k | h[k ] = {} }
このように書き換えると，次の1行が不要になります．
result[ item ] ||= {}
また，このコードの for もイテレータに置き換えられます ．
for person , items in prefs for item , value in items
これが
prefs.each do | person , items | items.each do | item , value |
こうなります．お好きな方を使えば良いと思います*2．私は後者が好みです．最後の実行例は次のとおりです．
>> load ' recommendations.rb ' => true >> movies = Recommendations.transform_prefs ( $critics ) => { " The Night Listener " = > {" Jack Matthews " => 3.0 , " Gene Seymour " = > 3.0 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 3.0 , " Lisa Rose " => 3.0 , " Claudia Puig " = > 4.5 , " Michael Phillips " => 4.0} , " Superman Returns " = >
{ " Jack Matthews " => 5.0 , " Gene Seymour " = > 5.0 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 3.0 , " Toby " => 4.0 , " Lisa Rose " => 3.5 , " Claudia Puig " => 4.0 , " Michael Phillips " => 3.5} , " Lady in the Water " = > { " Jack Matthews " => 3.0 , " Gene Seymour " = > 3.0 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 3.0 , " Lisa Rose " = > 2.5 , " Michael Phillips " => 2.5} , " Snakes on a Plane " = > { " Jack Matthews " => 4.0 , " Gene Seymour " = > 3.5 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 4.0 , " Toby " = > 4.5 , " Lisa Rose " => 3.5 , " Claudia Puig " => 3.5 , " Michael Phillips " => 3.0} , " Just My Luck " = >
{" Gene Seymour " = > 1.5 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 2.0 , " Lisa Rose " => 3.0 , " Claudia Puig " =>3.0} , " You , Me and Dupree " = > { " Jack Matthews " => 3.5 , " Gene Seymour " = > 3.5 , " Mick LaSalle " = > 2.0 , " Toby " = > 1.0 , " Lisa Rose " = > 2.5 , " Claudia Puig " => 2.5}} >> Recommendations.top_matches(movies , ' Superman Returns ' ) {|prefs , p1 , p2| Recommendations.sim_pearson(prefs , p1 , p2 ) } => [ [ 0.657951694959769 , " You , Me and Dupree " ] , [ 0.487950036474269 , " Lady in the Water " ] , [ 0.111803398874989 , " Snakes on a Plane " ] , [ - 0.179847194799054 , " The Night Listener " ] , [- 0.422890031611031 , " Just My Luck " ] ] >>
Recommendations.get_recommendations ( movies , ' Just My Luck ' ) {|prefs , p1 , p2| Recommendations.sim_pearson(prefs , p1 , p2 ) } => [ [ 4.0 , " Michael Phillips " ] , [ 3.0 , " Jack Matthews " ] ]
来週くらいまでに2章を終えて3章へ突入したいなと思っています．
( 追記 2008-08-22 12:42 )
既に Ruby への翻訳をやっている方がいらっしゃいましたので，リンク貼っておきます：
翻訳の仕方がちょっとずつ違っていて面白いですね．
Apple and Ruby : The Ongoing Relationship
By Eldon Alameda
While it was pretty momentous last year when Mac OS X ( Leopard ) was released with full support for Ruby and Rails included with the OS , it seems that the Ruby train is still rolling with Apple .
A recent InfoQ article highlights some ways that Apple is using Ruby that you might have missed - including :
The iPhone Configuration Web Utility - A tool written in Ruby on Rails for allowing enterprise customers to manage iPhones .
The SproutCore JavaScript framework -
Which is designed for making desktop - like applications on the web and is used in Apple 's new MobileMe applications .
SproutCore is installed as a gem , uses generators written in Ruby to create resources and it utilizes Merb to generate HTML artifacts .
( Update : SproutCore is n't a Ruby project / Ruby - based system per se , but it does offer some good tie-ins to the Ruby ecosystem . )
The MacRuby project - Apple 's own port of Ruby to the Objective - C runtimes - which should make it much easier to integrate with Cocoa for Desktop development .
I have n't played with the MobileMe web applications much , but I recall thinking that they looked fairly impressive .
Have any other Ruby developers tried SproutCore yet ?
How 's it working out for you ?
Beaches , barbecues and flags as big as baseball fields .
Fireworks as loud as thunder lighting the nighttime sky .
Hot fun , as Sly & the Family Stone would say , in the summertime .
Friday was the 232nd anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence .
Celebrations were ubiquitous .
HBO offered a marathon telecast of its John Adams series .
Bands of wildly varying quality , from one coast to the other , let loose with “ The Star - Spangled Banner , ” “ America the Beautiful ” and “ The Stars and Stripes Forever . ”
It was a July Fourth like many others .
There was nothing overt to signal anything was wrong .
The Red Sox had traveled from Boston to play a weekend series against the Yankees in the Bronx .
In Washington , the National Independence Day Parade made its way along Constitution Avenue .
And yet , there was an undercurrent of anxiety in the land .
Vacations have been curtailed because of the price of fuel .
Since the holiday fell on a Friday , the monthly unemployment numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics were released a day early , on Thursday .
They were n’t good .
The Times summed things up with a Page 1 headline :
“ Outlook Darker as Jobs Are Lost and Wages Stall . ”
The high and the low were being buffeted .
The bad news bears were loose on Wall Street , and the prospects for the summer employment of teenagers were abysmal .
The national employment rate for teens in June was the lowest in 60 years .
Broken down , 44 of the today 's deaths occurred in England , while Public Health Wales posted three new victims .
Scotland and Northern Ireland recorded none .
Health officials have yet to confirm the final daily figure , which takes into account data from every setting across the UK .
It has the potential to be significantly higher because the early count for England only includes laboratory - confirmed victims in NHS - ran hospitals .
Britain 's coronavirus death toll now stands at more than 42,000 .
Only the US , Brazil , India and Mexico , all countries with substantially larger populations , have suffered more fatalities .
It comes after an Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) report released today revealed 139 people succumbed to the life - threatening disease in England and Wales in the week ending September 18 , up from 99 in the previous seven days ( 40.5 per cent ) .
This marks the third week in a row Covid - 19 fatalities have risen after reaching a record low of 78 at the beginning of September .
For comparison , 900 people were dying from the virus every day in April .
The weekly rise may confirm experts ' fears that climbing infections in recent weeks would eventually translate into more deaths , although it is too early to tell for definite .
Cases have been on the up since July 4 , when hundreds of thousands of Britons flocked to pubs , bars and restaurants to celebrate ' Super Saturday ' after they were finally allowed to re-open following months of being shut to contain the life - threatening virus .
Lately , I ’ve been doing a lot of pitching to investors , including angel investors and venture capitalists .
It ’s a fact of life when you run a venture - backed startup .
It ’s one of those things that no one ever tells you about raising money — once you start , you never stop .
It will take on average 4 - 6 months to raise money , so when you raise an early seed round ( say in the $ 250 k - $ 500 k range ) it wo n’t last long .
That means the minute you cash that check , you ’re out there again , raising more .
I ’ve written about pitching investors before .
And I ’ve also posted some common questions investors will ask during the investment process .
The points I made in both posts remain true , but here are some additional insights I ’ve learned over the last few months of pitching , pitching and more pitching :
Tell Your Story Quick .
When pitching investors you have a captive audience .
But they wo n’t stay captive for long unless you can hook them .
And to - date I ’ve seen two things that keep investors ’ early attention on you versus their Blackberrys :
An entertaining story on the problem you ’re solving
An entertaining story on the founders and how the company came together Both of these points are about putting some context and relevancy on the upcoming pitch and discussion .
If you make the problem feel real and explain it in an entertaining way it ’s going to resonate much more strongly with investors .
The same holds true with the history of the company .
They want to hear about each founder ’s strengths , background and how you were drawn together to create this new business .
That has to be done in a relaxed , entertaining way .
Here are 3 slides I used recently in the beginning of a presentation from CIX where Standout Jobs was named one of Canada ’s Hottest 20 Startups .
You do n’t get all the context without hearing me go through the presentation , but the key is that I was illustrating very simply – at a high level – the problem we ’re trying to address .
Change the Pace Throughout .
Whether a presentation is 5 minutes or 50 minutes ( or anywhere in between ) , you need to change the pace throughout .
Speed up when telling high level stories , which also allows you to go through more rapid slide changes to keep people ’s attention .
Slow down when you ’re getting into the meat & potatoes , so people can digest the details .
When I first started pitching I know that I did so with a very monotone pace .
Everything was well timed , but there was n’t enough variation .
Sexy Slides Work .
I know you ’re not selling vaporware or snake oil , so I have no problem promoting slick presentations .
You ’re not trying to pull the wool over people ’s eyes with “ style over substance ” but you need to make things look good .
I ’ve seen too many presentations where the slides were simply painful to look at ; and you can watch people in the room tuning out almost instantly .
No matter what you ’re pitching – from cool consumer apps to ultra - complex B2B technology – find a way to make your slides sing .
Here ’s an example of a slide I ’ve used which I think works well .
It ’s nice looking , bold and has a few key points on it : Side note :
Do n’t be afraid to play around with font sizes , colors and typefaces for things like slide titles .
Everything should n’t be absolutely uniform .
Do n’t Over Emphasize the Product .
Unless your product is dead simple , you wo n’t be able to go through all of its great features and benefits in a short investor presentation .
Do n’t even try .
You want to highlight the key elements of the product , but ultimately investors are buying into the team ( i.e. the founders ) , the passion , and the belief that you can execute on what you claim you can execute on .
They love to see barriers to entry , intellectual property , etc . but they do n’t want to become experts in your product after one pitch .
End Strong .
Most presentations leave the detailed financials to the end .
Of course , investors want to know about your financial situation and projections , but ending just on that is pretty dry .
Plus , they ’ll be assuming that most of your projections are wrong anyway , especially if you ’re at a very early stage .
So find a way to end as strong as you can .
In the last pitch I did , I listed out 4 key points I wanted the investors to remember .
It was my , “ If you leave here remembering only a couple things … here ’s what you need to know … ”
And recently , I got some interesting advice , which was to make sure the audience is drawn back to you at the end of the presentation and not focusing on the slides .
You want them looking at you , making eye contact , and really getting a feel for your confidence and passion .
I was told that the last slide should be as minimalistic as possible ; even down to just showing your company ’s logo .
No matter what you do , end strong by highlighting the few critical things you want investors walking away with in their heads .
Pitching investors is hard .
I ’ve met very few people who are really comfortable with it , and fewer still that enjoy it .
I did not enjoy the process early on .
But the more I pitch ( and present in front of larger audiences ) , and the more I hone my Powerpoint skills and realize that I ’m really just telling a story , the more comfortable and effective I become .
And you do get better with practice .
Good luck !
Ahmet Yildiz , 26 , a physics student who represented his country at an international gay gathering in San Francisco last year , was shot leaving a cafe near the Bosphorus strait this week .
Fatally wounded , the student tried to flee the attackers in his car , but lost control , crashed at the side of the road and died shortly afterwards in hospital .
His friends believe Mr Yildiz was the victim of the country ’s first gay honour killing .
I doubt this is a coincidence .
Turkey needs to enter the 21st century , or it will forever be stuck in the 19th , or worst .
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
Forget about your faith .
Forget about your politics .
This blog is about business and as it turns out , gay marriage would rock our economy .
Studies by the Williams Institute for California and New Jersey project over $ 82 million in revenue to benefit those states over the next three years .
In addition , the Congressional Budget Office has concluded that if all fifty states and the federal government extended the rights and obligations of marriage to same - sex couples , the federal government would benefit by nearly $ 1 billion each year .
Bring on the economic stimulus !
The numbers will start out astronomically high as a predicted 50 % of same sex couples marry in the first heady years .
Even after it tapers off , we can expect gay couples to marry at the same rate as their straight counterparts .
The most accepted estimates tell us that 10 % of Americans are gay .
Even those who ’d rather they did n’t exist concede the number may be as high as 5 % .
Okay , so somewhere between 5 % – 10 % .
The percentage may sound low , unless you ’re a numbers person .
According to the Association for Wedding Professional International , the wedding industry in the United States rakes in approximately $ 86 Billion a year .
This does n’t include honeymoons ( that ’s tourism ) and household items ( the registry ) .
And if you count everything purchased within 6 months before and after the wedding , we ’re talking over $ 120 Billion .
Now , you numbers people – tack on 5 % - 10 % .
Sure , that ’s oversimplifying things , but it ’s a big number any way you slice it .
What gets a boost ?
In addition to reception site , jewelers , vacation destinations , photographers , restaurants , apparel and accessories sellers , florists , musicians , limo services , stationery stores , and clergy , think about these economic impacts :
tax revenue on all of the above
marriage licence fees
According to the Williams Institute , state and local revenues from taxes and licenses alone would equal $ 63 million in California during the first three years .
And that does n’t begin to touch the government savings of caring for children who could be legally adopted by gay couples .
The most interesting part of the studies is the analysis concerning gay couples going to the state in question to marry because their own state forbids it .
It will be interesting to see how the states line up when the dollars and jobs that come with gay marriage are more widely understood .
What happens in ten years ?
Because gay couples are no different than everybody else , once they get sick of each other and start cheating , they ’ll transition nicely into the ‘ relationship industry ’ .
Win -win - win !
Forget about McCain and Obama , let ’s get that Queer Eye guy to run for President .
Who ’s with me ?
Get more information for your state here .
[ Python - 3000 ] RELEASED Python 2.6b3 and 3.0b3
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1
On behalf of the Python development team and the Python community , I am happy to announce the third and last planned beta releases of Python 2.6 and Python 3.0 .
Please note that these are beta releases , and as such are not suitable for production environments .
We continue to strive for a high degree of quality , and these releases are intended to freeze the feature set for Python 2.6 and 3.0 .
As these are the last planned beta releases , we strongly urge you to download these releases and test them against your code .
Once we reach release candidates ( currently planned for 03 - Sep - 2008 ) , only highly critical bugs will be fixed before the final release .
If you find things broken or incorrect , please submit bug reports at http://bugs.python.org
For more information and downloadable distributions , see the Python 2.6 website : http://www.python.org/download/releases/2.6/ and the Python 3.0 web site : http://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/
See PEP 361 for release schedule details : http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0361/
Enjoy , - - Barry Barry Warsaw barry at python.org Python 2.6/3.0 Release Manager ( on behalf of the entire python - dev team ) -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.6 ( GNU / Linux ) iD8DBQFIrN472 YZpQepbvXERAl4
fAJ9QxHhSn/jYdA3lCYvgfXRhBVV2pgCfdNUx 3NTlSrsSULxXhoMqiNmUMSg=
= Z4+y -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
EU states are nearing a deal to permanently lift sanctions on Cuba despite protests from human rights activists and hundreds of political prisoners remaining in jail .
" The time could be right because of changes undertaken by Cuba 's new leadership , " an EU diplomat told Reuters ahead of a meeting of EU foreign ministers on the topic on June 16 .
" Sanctions could possibly be lifted ... we are working on finding the exact formula , " another diplomat said .
The EU froze high - level diplomatic relations with Havana in 2003 after the jailing of 75 dissidents and the execution of three people trying to flee to the US .
The EU measures were temporarily suspended in 2005 and are reviewed every six months .
The shift in climate comes after president Raoul Castro took over from his brother Fidel in February , lifting restrictions on islanders buying mobile phones and computers and giving more room for political debate .
In a sign of the times , leading dissident Hector Palacios on Tuesday told AP that he plans to return from exile to Cuba to resume opposition work as he no longer fears arrest .
" Change is going to happen , " Mr Palacios said .
The European Commission and Spain are leading the push to end EU sanctions for good to encourage further reforms .
But the Czech Republic wants rules obliging future EU delegations to raise human rights concerns and meet opposition groups .
Opposition NGO Agenda for Transition in an open letter to Brussels on Tuesday said that a premature sanctions move would " punish " pro-democracy activists , who continue to face beatings and intimidation with over 200 prisoners of conscience still behind bars .
" What the [ Cuban ] government wants is for the opposition to be ignored so it can continue its human rights violations without even a single rebuke from the European Union , " the letter said , AFP reports .
A joint message from the EU - US summit in Slovenia on Tuesday saw the two powers " urge the [ Cuban ] government to ... demonstrate its commitment [ to civil rights charters ] by unconditionally releasing all political prisoners . "
EU external relations commissioner Benita Ferrero - Waldner also said on the fringe of the Slovenia event that " human rights issues are very important ones and there are still a lot of political detainees there . "
But the US , which has enforced a crippling trade embargo on Cuba since 1962 , is taking a tougher line by calling for a mass release of the prisoners before relations can improve .
" If the Castro administration really is different , the first way to show that difference to the world is to free the political prisoners , " US president George Bush said in his post - summit speech .
Bush et Castro tels que vous ne les avez jamais vus ! !
Its stock is down over 70 % in the past year .
It 's been the subject of rumors for months .
The SEC is even investigating whether short - sellers are spreading misinformation about the company .
And now , the Fool community has added its opinion about Lehman Brothers ( NYSE : LEH ) .
And that opinion is not good .
In an unscientific poll asking which company would be next to have a Bear Stearns - style implosion , the vast majority -- over 44,000 votes -- overwhelmingly chose Lehman .
That 's over six times more than struggling automaker General Motors ( NYSE: GM ) .
Eight times more than mortgage - plagued Washington Mutual ( NYSE : WM ) .
Even lumping homebuilders like Toll Brothers ( NYSE : TOL ) and Pulte Homes ( NYSE : PHM ) into a single category , they could only muster 5,500 votes .
Is the worst over ?
A lot of those votes , however , were cast before the recent recovery in financials .
Since its low on Monday , Lehman stock is up over 40 % .
For the moment , at least , the investment banks have survived another round of bad news .
The longer - term question remains whether Lehman and other downtrodden financial stocks like Swiss bank UBS ( NYSE : UBS ) can outlast the current turmoil in the credit markets .
Lehman is making plenty of good moves -- it raised capital at an opportune moment , and it 's playing hardball against short - sellers to defend shareholders .
After taking a loss of $ 2.8 billion last quarter , analysts currently believe Lehman 's on target to report a modest profit in September .
Yet many still are n't willing to bet on the beaten - down firm .
Members of our CAPS community still give the stock its lowest one - star rating .
Meanwhile , among large investment banks , CAPS members show much more confidence in three - star rated Goldman Sachs ( NYSE : GS ) , which has thus far come through the crisis looking relatively pretty .
As long as housing and the overall economy are still in peril , firms like Lehman will have to fight hard .
As bleak as things look now , though , I think it 'll take a lot more to force Lehman to throw in the towel .
The " Tyrant " concept by designer Alice Wang is the latest in a growing line of alarm clocks designed to torture their owners into facing the day .
Instead of loud alarms , helicopter attachments and early - morning feats of hand - eye coordination , the Tyrant doles out punishment by hijacking your cellphone contact list and making random calls every three minutes until you get up to turn it off .
Advertisement
Again , this device is just a concept , but I think that Alice is on to something here .
The only thing that it needs to be truly effective is message playback .
Something like automated drunk dialing - only more devastating .
For example , record : " Hey sexy , it 's me .
Listen , I had to call because I had another dream about you last night .
I can't get you out of my mind . "
The horrifying thought of that message being delivered to your father at 6:00 in the morning is enough to get anyone out of bed .
[ Alice Wang via Josh Spear ]
Interview with Pakistan Expert Rashid 'A Regional War that Is Spreading to Pakistan '
Author Ahmed Rashid talks to SPIEGEL about the double crisis in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The Taliban is gaining strength in northwestern Pakistan and is exploiting weaknesses in Islamabad and Kabul .
A box of Viagra , typically used to treat erectile dysfunction , is seen in a pharmacy in Toronto January 31 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mark Blinch
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Impotence drugs may help carry cancer - fighting drugs through the brain to treat malignant tumors , U.S. researchers reported on Monday .
Tests in rats showed two erectile dysfunction drugs -- Schering - Plough ’s Levitra and Pfizer ’s Viagra -- helped carry a chemotherapy drug past the blood - brain barrier , the team at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles said .
Rats with brain tumors lived 42 days when injected with the cancer drug adriamycin .
But when they also got Levitra , known generically as vardenafil , the rats survived an average of 53 days .
Levitra appeared to be more effective , the researchers reported in the journal Brain Research .
Levitra and Viagra , known generically as sildenafil , are in a class of drugs known as PDE5 inhibitors .
They were originally tested as heart drugs because they increase blood flow in small vessels .
“ We chose adriamycin for this study because it is one of the most effective drugs against brain tumor cell lines in the laboratory but it has very little effect in animals and humans because it is unable to cross the blood - brain tumor barrier , ” neurosurgeon Dr. Keith Black , who led the study , said in a statement .
“ The combination of vardenafil and adriamycin resulted in longer survival and smaller tumor size , ” Black said .
The blood - brain barrier is a molecular mechanism that keeps harmful agents out of the brain .
Brain tumors grow little blood vessels to supply themselves with nutrients and these also have a barrier , called the blood - brain tumor barrier .
Black said the impotence drugs appear to affect the tumor blood - brain barrier but not the larger blood - brain barrier , which may help doctors use chemotherapy drugs to kill off brain tumors without damaging healthy brain tissue , he said .
The rich may be different for John McCain and Barack Obama .
On almost every issue , the two presidential candidates have staked out opposing positions .
Their contrasting views on wealth surfaced during their back - to - back appearances in Southern California on Saturday night when each was asked to define “ rich . ”
Obama did n’t hesitate .
“ I would argue that if you are making more than $ 250,000 , then you are in the top 3 , 4 percent of this country , ” he said .
“ You are doing well . ”
McCain took a far more discursive approach to answering the question but ultimately settled on a dramatically higher figure : “ I think if you ’re just talking about income , how about $ 5 million ? ”
Advertisement
The Arizona Republican quickly added that he was “ sure that comment will be distorted , ” and his campaign said Sunday that he was joking .
Even so , the remark highlighted the candidates ’ disparate outlooks .
Analysts who study income distribution said the answers appeared to reflect shifting political calculations more than economic reality .
Economists said in interviews Sunday that neither candidate was wrong because there are no agreed - upon definitions for the terms that describe income segments .
“ To be fair to both of them , ‘ rich ’ is an adjective , ” said James P. Smith , a senior economist at the Rand Corp. , a nonpartisan think thank in Santa Monica .
“ Economic science is not going to tell you that ‘ this ’ is the cutoff point . ”
Advertisement
Yet the $ 5 - million level , Smith said , includes “ almost nobody . ”
Experts said that of all the households in the nation , fewer than one - tenth of 1 % had an annual income of $ 5 million or more .
Ken Goldstein , an economist for the Conference Board , a business - research group based in New York , said he would define rich as income about $ 500,000 or more .
“ If you set the bar at half a million , you ’re talking about the top 1 % of taxpayers .
If you think about the last eight years , those are the folks who have benefited the most . ”
Other economists said they would have gone with a lower figure .
Even the moderator who asked the question of the candidates , Pastor Rick Warren of Orange County ’s Saddleback Church , did not seem to anticipate a reply beyond the lower six figures , urging each man to “ give me a specific number . . . is it 100,000 [ dollars ] , is it 50 , 200 ? ”
Most ordinary Americans tend to massage the definitions of such terms in an attempt to crowd themselves into what many consider the least offensive category .
Advertisement
“ If you do surveys , 95 % of people think they are middle class , ” said Len Burman , director of the Tax Policy Center , a nonpartisan group that has analyzed the candidates ’ tax proposals .
“ This is including people who are objectively quite poor and people who are objectively quite rich . ”
Burman added : “ I guess it says something nice about America that rich people do n’t want to act like they ’re better than anybody else and poor people do n’t like complaining about how tough it is to pay their bills . ”
Economists tend to spend more time debating the definition of poor , in large part because that cutoff has consequences for an array of social programs designed to assist those whose incomes fall below the poverty line .
The candidates ’ answers may stem , in part , from their financial circumstances : From 2000 to 2004 , before he began earning substantial royalties from his books , Obama and his wife reported income of between $ 207,000 and $ 275,000 on their tax returns .
By contrast , McCain ’s wife ’s wealth has been estimated at more than $ 100 million .
Advertisement
But their positions were likely also driven by their tax policies .
The Illinois Democrat has proposed tax hikes on individuals with incomes exceeding $ 250,000 , while the Arizona Republican has declared his intention to extend the tax cuts begun by President Bush and make new cuts to corporate tax rates -- both moves that would benefit the very wealthy .
An analysis by the Tax Policy Center has calculated that the middle - income earners would get a $ 325 tax cut from McCain ’s proposed changes to the tax code , while the top 20 % would have their taxes reduced by $ 6,500 .
The Obama campaign jumped on McCain ’s definition of rich .
“ It should come as no surprise that John McCain believes the cutoff for the rich begins at $ 5 million , ” said spokeswoman Jen Psaki .
“ It may explain why his tax plan gives a $ 600,000 tax cut to the richest 0.1 % of earners . ”
In responding to Warren ’s question Saturday , McCain sought to broaden the discussion , saying that “ some of the richest people I ’ve known in my life are the most unhappy ” and that rich should be defined “ by a home , a good job and education and the ability to hand our children a more prosperous and safer world than the one we inherited . ”
Advertisement
Even Obama ’s figure of $ 250,000 represents a certain inflation that has crept into Democratic politics , Burman said .
Presumably in pursuit of votes , he said , Democrats have for years been raising income thresholds for eligibility for social programs and tax benefits .
“ It ’s been going up and up and up , ” Burman said .
“ It includes a lot of people who would be considered swing voters , soccer moms in previous election cycles .
It seems pretty clear that Obama has decided it ’s safe to go after people of $ 250,000 incomes .
And McCain has decided it ’s basically not safe to [ go after ] anybody . ”
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
The impunity enjoyed by war criminals is one of the main obstacles to justice in Guatemala .
Like other indigenous communities in Guatemala , Rabinal is the current home to powerful criminals of the past .
Hundreds of massacre survivors remain quiet and most of those responsible for human rights abuses have stayed behind , confident that justice will never catch up to their crimes .
Legal trial in Rio Negro , the sentencedt o the right .
The guerrilla is the fish .
The people are the sea .
If you cannot catch the fish , you have to drain the sea .
– Guatemalan President Efrain Rios Montt , 1982
A Thing Called Genocide
Five centuries after the Spanish conquest of the Americas , Guatemala ’s indigenous Mayan population continues to be marginalized and exploited by the Spanish - speaking minority .
Throughout history , the Spanish - speaking elite have viewed the Mayan people and their distinct cultures and ethnicities with suspicion and disdain .
Economic and social discrimination and exclusion are a reality for an indigenous population that likely constitutes the majority of inhabitants .
When compared to the Spanish - speaking population , indigenous peoples disproportionately lack access to essential public services , such as potable water , health care , education , electricity , sewerage , and employment .
Rural Mayans suffer from among the highest levels of illiteracy , malnutrition , hunger , infant mortality , and preventable respiratory and infectious diseases in the world .
While most indigenous Mayans are campesinos ( rural farmers ) , whose livelihood and survival depends on the successful cultivation of their land , Guatemala continues to have the most unequal land distribution in the Western Hemisphere , with 2 % of the population owning 70 % of all productive farmland .
Poor indigenous campesinos eke out a living through subsistence agriculture often on the nation ’s poorest soils , while wealthy plantation owners ( latifundistas ) benefit from an agricultural system based on international exports and the exploitation of cheap , mostly indigenous labor .
This disparity has led to fierce and violent land conflicts between poor campesinos and latifundistas who maintain dominance through close ties to the government .
Indigenous families are often forcibly and violently evicted from their lands by the military and private security squads . [ 1 ]
At times , the government ’s distrust and disdain of the Mayan population has become manifest in acts of violence and grave human rights abuses .
State violence was most evident during the internal armed conflict , when indigenous civilians were deliberately targeted for their supposed support for insurgent guerrillas .
The 36 - year Guatemalan civil war officially ended in 1996 with the signing of the Peace Accords by guerrilla commanders and army officers .
Out of the ashes of the 1996 Peace Accords the UN - sponsored Truth Commission ( Comisión para el Esclarecimiento Histórico [ CEH ] ) [ 2 ] investigated the violence that ravaged the rural highlands of Guatemala .
The CEH ’s 1999 investigative report came up with some horrific conclusions . [ 3 ]
The CEH found that 626 Mayan villages experienced massacres during the violence .
It reported that over 200,000 died or " were disappeared " and countless men , women , and children were tortured and raped .
The commission reported that 150,000 refugees fled to Mexico and over 1,000,000 were internally displaced from their ancestral lands .
The Commission found that 93 % of the violence was perpetrated by the Guatemalan army and its death squads , armed by and trained in the U.S. [ 4 ]
Most importantly , the state - sponsored violence against the Mayan indigenous population in Guatemala was described by the Commission as nothing short of genocide .
Due to genocide survivors ’ brave struggle for justice against powerful war criminals , I lived 14 months in the small , traditional Maya Achí community of Rabinal , Baja Verapaz .
Rabinal sits in the valley of the Sierra Chuacas Mountains , central part of Guatemala , just a few hours north of Guatemala City .
As an international human rights accompanier in the Rabinal municipality , I visited and accompanied war survivors who formed the Association for Justice and Reconciliation ( AJR ) .
These brave men and women gave their public testimonies in the genocide cases against the high commands of former dictators Romeo Lucas García ( 78 - 82 ) and Efraín Ríos Montt ( 82-83 ) .
Annually , there are hundreds of attacks annually against human rights defenders , judges , and prosecutors in Guatemala .
[ 5 ]
It is the hope that an international presence provides some measure of security to those accompanied , creating space to organize in defense of their rights .
In Guatemala , impunity is alive and well .
War criminals are well protected and often hold important positions of political power .
Guatemalan impunity is most illustrated by the fact that not a single military official responsible for the 1980s violence has had to give his public testimony in a court of law .
The two former dictators responsible for designing the rural scorched earth campaign that ravaged the indigenous countryside , Generals Lucas Garcia and Ríos Montt , have never had to face accountability .
In 2006 García died at the ripe old age of 81 .
The 82 - year - old evangelical preacher , Ríos Montt , was elected to a four year Congressional term in 2007 .
He is expected to have immunity due to Guatemalan law that grants members of Congress immunity from prosecution .
However , the legal counsel for the AJR , the Center for Human Rights Legal Action ( CALDH ) , has argued that under Guatemalan amnesty laws , persons accused of genocide , torture , and forced disappearances cannot be granted immunity from prosecution and conviction , no matter what position of power he may hold .
Chixoy Hydroelectric Dam
Scorched Terror in Rabinal
Borrowed extensively from U.S. counterinsurgency strategies employed in Vietnam , the violence orchestrated by the Guatemalan military under Montt and García was designed to depopulate the zones of guerrilla operations .
Montt ’s scorched earth tactics were expressed thusly :
The guerrilla is the fish .
The people are the sea .
If you cannot catch the fish , you have to drain the sea .
" Draining the sea " was little more than a euphemism that entailed the looting , burning , and theft of everything considered useful to the insurgency .
Since the counterinsurgency campaign did little to differentiate between the guerrillas , who wanted to overthrow the dictatorship , and the rural agricultural campesinos , innocent civilians were killed at extraordinary levels .
An estimated 132,000 innocents died during an 18 - month period ending in 1982 . [ 6 ]
" What had been a selective campaign against guerrilla sympathizers turned into a mass slaughter designed to eliminate any support or potential support for the rebels , and included the widespread killing of children , women and the elderly , " proclaimed the CEH . [ 7 ]
Former Defense Minister , Hector Alejandro Gramajo Morales , summed up this counterinsurgent strategy frankly :
We have created a more humanitarian , less costly strategy , to be more compatible with the democratic system [ in 1982 ] which provides development for 70 percent of the population while we kill 30 percent .
Before , the strategy was to kill 100 percent . [ 8 ]
The highland municipality of Rabinal , home of the Maya Achí people , was one such region brutally targeted by the scorched earth policy of the early 1980s .
The Guatemalan Foundation of Forensic Anthropology ( FAFG ) [ 9 ] estimated that between September of 1981 and August of 1983 there were 5,000 extra judicial assassinations by the Guatemalan military and its death squads — out of 22,753 registered people .
The CEH estimated that 99.8 % of the victims were Maya Achí .
The high level of violence that targeted Rabinal had its roots in the State ’s desire to confiscate indigenous lands and natural resources , specifically water , to be utilized for the Chixoy Hydroelectric Dam . [ 10 ]
The state - owned National Institute of Electricity ( INDE ) planned the construction of the hydroelectric dam without the knowledge of the 23 indigenous communities near the Chixoy River .
The Maya Achí farming and fishing community of Río Negro , located in the northwestern part of the Rabinal municipality , was one village notified of their forced eviction from their ancestral lands .
Its inhabitants would suffer five massacres before its 1983 inundation . [ 11 ]
Convincing the indigenous people to act against their will and leave their ancestral lands was not a difficult task for INDE and military officials .
Profits were motivating their actions .
The government never attempted to displace the residents in a legal or peaceful manner , which was viewed as too time - consuming .
It chose rather to employ a campaign of propaganda and terror for the permanent expulsion of the residents .
Local opposition to the dam was painted as insurrectionist guerrilla activity .
Army intelligence and judiciales — local civilians appointed by the military to be in charge of law and order — applied violence , including torture and assassinations , against opposition leaders .
They wanted a mass exodus of the population .
As a response to the rising State violence centered on the Chixoy Hydroelectric Dam , the People ’s Army of the Poor ( EGP ) , a guerrilla militia , planned a number of strategic acts of sabotage against the State .
On September 12th and 13th , 1981 , detonated bombs destroyed a military command center in nearby Cobán , Alta Verapaz , home to the regional military base .
In the Baja Verapaz departmental seat , Salamá , a government building was destroyed .
Transit roads and bridges throughout the Rabinal municipality were also damaged .
A planned attack against the Rabinal military base never materialized .
But local military leaders uncovered its plot .
Army Vengeance
Planned by army commanders and intelligence officials at the Coban [ 12 ] and Rabinal [ 13 ] military bases , the army counterattack did not specifically target EGP leadership or guerrilla combatants .
The " counterattack " was rather a strike of vengeance against the distrusted indigenous population .
" The army was never interested in capturing or killing EGP guerrillas responsible for the property destruction , " stated local activist , Jorgé .
He continued :
Otherwise they would have waited to plan a counterattack .
They did n’t wait .
They jumped right in the following day .
The army wanted to wipe out any potential collaboration between the locals and the guerrillas , partly due to the embarrassment of local soldiers who fled the military base after they received a tip that guerrilla attacks were coming .
The army wanted vengeance plain and simple .
This was the draining of the sea .
The day following the guerrilla acts of sabotage , tortured bodies were found dumped in ditches and pathways throughout the municipality .
Villagers disappeared after leaving their homes to do errands .
Alongside the selective assassinations , soldiers and judiciales visited the indigenous communities to remind the residents to participate in the annual Independence Day celebration .
Cesár Baldizon ’s judiciales [ 14 ] had a notorious reputation in Rabinal of being especially ruthless towards the local population .
Baldizon and his minions were most infamous for their murders for profit and their out - of - control aggression directed at perceived threats to their leadership .
Local human rights leader , Eleodoro , stated that when " Baldizon and his people invited you to an event , it was n’t voluntary it was mandatory . "
Maria and her family
Thus on the 15th of September , thousands of villagers flooded Rabinal after dusk .
The villagers did not enter a town .
They entered a tightly controlled army operation .
Whereas villagers could enter the town , nobody was allowed to return to their communities .
Upon arrival , the villagers were lined up at the local cemetery until the march began .
" There were thousands of people marching with members of their community , " stated AJR supporter , Antonio , of Xesiguan .
I marched with a few friends that day .
None of us knew what to expect .
We started at the cemetery and ended at the central plaza marching on various streets in Rabinal .
We were all a little nervous because it was a different route from years past .
There were also more soldiers and other men with guns as we approached the plaza .
Despite the festive environment , the fair rides , and the high number of women and children , we were all nervous .
We never expected that much bloodshed .
According to a number of witnesses towards the front of the march , the parade ended with an angry speech by the Cobán military commander , who left immediately afterwards in his vehicle , surrounded by bodyguards .
According to an eyewitness interviewed in the 1997 FAFG report , The Massacres in Rabinal , the commander criticized and threatened the public , yelling furiously :
We all know what happens if you continue supporting the subversives
We ’ve already advised you beforehand , but since you ’re not paying attention you ’re punishment will soon arrive .
Remember what I ’m saying .
You ’ve been warned [ 15 ]
As the commander ’s car hurried off towards the East around midday , the judiciales entered the crowd carrying lists of names .
They were hunting down suspected " subversives " scattered throughout the celebration .
The people whose names were found in the dreaded backlist were dragged off , never to be seen again .
A number of men attempted to escape , running out of the plaza towards the streets .
They never made it that far .
Those who attempted to escape were clubbed or gunned down on the spot .
The gunshot blasts created chaos in the central plaza and sent everyone running towards safety .
Since everyone was attempting to escape the carnage by running or hiding , everyone was deemed suspicious and targeted .
The judiciales and soldiers killed marchers and onlookers without preference .
According to witnesses , nobody was safe from the violence , regardless of one ’s age or sex .
As tears dripped from her eyes , María , explained how few escaped the butchery .
" They they they killed everyone .
Everyone .
I do n’t know how I survived . "
María is a Mayan Achí woman from the municipality of Rabinal .
A genocide survivor active in the struggle for justice as vice - president of the AJR , María lost her entire family during the violent epoch .
She witnessed much of the slaughter on Independence Day , yet has never told her story to anyone .
Maria continued : " They pointed their guns at anyone fleeing .
I guess I was lucky to be a young girl .
The army eventually captured me in a local military base , but my life would be spared . "
A student painting from Rabinal depicting the violence of the past
Piles of Dead Bodies , Pools of Blood
The violence was not strictly relegated to Rabinal ’s central square .
While armed men butchered innocents in the plaza , soldiers and judiciales dispersed throughout the outlying streets .
In an interview recorded in the Rabinal Achí Community Museum ’s investigative work , Oj K’aslik — Estamos Vivos , ( We are Alive ) [ 16 ] the judiciales targeted everyone present at the celebration .
Adorned with red bandanas around their neck and firearms by their sides , " every poor person they encountered in the plaza or the street , they killed . "
María described how schoolmates from her tiny one - room schoolhouse in Xesiguan marched in the celebration :
Thousands of people came down from the villages surrounding Rabinal .
I was marching with my classmates when the shooting started .
My brother and I did n’t know what to do .
The judiciales and the soldiers were targeting everyone .
They just kept shooting and shooting .
Everyone was running and screaming , desperately trying to escape .
But with the exits blocked off , nobody could leave on the roads .
Bodies lined the streets that day .
My brother and I survived by hiding quietly in a ditch .
I still vividly remember the soldiers and judiciales shooting at people standing right next to us .
Rabinal residents who realized the horror of the situation fled to their houses .
The out - of - town villagers never had the opportunity with the exits blocked .
Eyewitnesses stated that after the shooting terminated in the late afternoon , only the feasting and fighting of dogs interrupted the silence .
Gregorio , who escaped by fleeing to his house in Rabinal , told the author that the bodies were so badly mutilated by high caliber gunfire that " it was impossible to recognize the dead . "
From interviews with victims , an investigator at the museum believes that that in the late afternoon most of the bodies were trucked off in trailers to unknown areas .
The investigator believes that there are bodies clandestinely buried in other regions and towns along the highway headed towards the capital .
He believes that other bodies were dumped along the interstate highway and the Motagua River heading east towards the Atlantic Ocean . [ 17 ]
Local residents are also well aware of bodies buried underneath a former military detachment .
A soccer stadium was recently constructed on the remains . [ 18 ]
The investigative reports by the CEH , FAFG , and the community museum declared that perhaps 800 men , women , and children were massacred on Independence Day .
However , due to the uncertain location of clandestine graves and the number of years that have passed since the massacre , the actual number killed or missing will likely never be known .
Victims ’ family members have been impossible to track down due to relocations , deaths , and the continued desire to remain silent .
The writers of Estamos Vivos believe that the Independence Day massacre is the " least documented massacre in Rabinal Although we know parts of the puzzle , one is unable to assemble it completely "
When asked how many people he thought lost their lives that day , without hesitation , Gregorio responded , " One thousand .
Maybe more . "
Witnesses who observed local workers filling trucks with fresh cadavers confirm this high death toll .
Gregorio continued :
I saw thousands in town that day .
Most were from the villages .
They had no place of refuge to escape the slaughter .
Those who survived hid wherever there was room .
Everyone was a target .
Men , women , children , the elderly entire families were dead in the streets as I ran to my house .
The streets of Rabinal were literally covered with piles of dead bodies and pools of blood .
Patricia , a Mayan woman who lost 8 members of her immediate family .
State Terrorism and Death Squads
According to locals , the violence escalated in the Rabinal municipality after 15 September 1981 .
Immediately after the Independence Day massacre , the Guatemalan Army and its death squads continued with their violent assault against the Maya Achí people of Rabinal by attacking villages such as Xococ and Vegas Santo Domingo .
Various villages experienced military attacks with the latest military technology , including helicopters , machines guns , and grenades .
The military sent an ultimatum to selected villages that it felt could be manipulated .
Its message was : Join us or die .
Around the time of the Independence Day massacre , the Garcia brothers ’ military regime first organized the rural communities into the infamous civil defense patrols ( PAC ) .
Under orders from President Romeo Lucas García and Defense Minister Benedicto Lucas García , [ 19 ] all male agricultural workers ( campesinos ) were forcibly organized into these civil patrols .
Their official tasks were intelligence gathering and defending their community .
However , the PACs carried out the desires and whims of the military , including brutal atrocities within their own communities and against neighboring villages as part of the scorched earth campaign .
Independent of the military , local PACs frequently took advantage of this sudden emergence of power for personal gain and for settling old scores .
In the Rabinal municipality , the most aggressive PAC was centered in the small indigenous village of Xococ , a few hours north of Rabinal by foot .
During a 2008 court case against PAC leaders , witnesses described how PAC commander Carlos Chen López , [ 20 ] alongside army officers , ordered soldiers and patrollers to rape and kill women and children in the 13 March 1982 massacre .
The 177 victims — all women and children — were butchered with guns , ropes , machetes , rocks , and sticks .
The females , including young girls , were often gang - raped before their demise .
Massacre survivor , José , recalled the events during his 2008 trial testimony :
My mom was already dead .
So I began walking towards Río Negro , but was intercepted by a patroller
There was still the screaming of women and children and gunshots of the patrollers and soldiers
At 5:00 everything went silent .
Everyone [ from the PAC ] selected their kid to carry to their houses , but one child was not elected Jesús tried to bring his little brother [ Jaime ] but a patroller [ Pedro Gonzalez Gomez ] grabbed him out of his arms and tied a rope around his neck and carried him like that .
He then threw him in the ravine against the rocks . [ 21 ]
One month previous , the Xococ PAC massacred 74 Río Negro residents collecting their identification documents .
The same PAC would later participate in two more large - scale massacres of Río Negro residents in May and September of 1982 .
In the massacres , the PAC grabbed land from Río Negro residents and carried off war booty , including clothing , tin roofs , farm animals , jewelry , and child slaves , like José .
The CEH placed blame on the Xococ PAC for their roles in the massacre .
The commission found that the Xococ PAC took advantage of neighboring land disputes with the residents of Río Negro .
The patrollers labeled the Río Negro inhabitants " subversives " and " guerrillas " in order to systematically wipe them out or drive them away in terror .
The CEH concluded that the Guatemalan state and their agents of terror , including the PACs , perpetrated state - sponsored genocide against the Río Negro people under Article II of the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide . [ 22 ]
According to the CEH , the PACs perpetrated 18 % of all documented human rights violations committed during the internal armed conflict .
It reported that 95 % of those crimes — most frequently extra judicial executions , torture , forced disappearances , and rape — were in less than a three - year period ( 1981 - 1983 ) . [ 23 ]
In Rabinal , the most notorious massacres involved the PACs .
The survivors of these massacres now constitute the backbone of the genocide cases .
Antonio and Silvia at their home .
Historical Memory Dangers
The impunity enjoyed by war criminals is one of the main obstacles to justice in Guatemala .
Like other indigenous communities in Guatemala , Rabinal is the current home to powerful criminals of the past .
Hundreds of massacre survivors remain quiet because war criminals and their allies holding influential positions in politics , business , and the church .
Although some of the men responsible for human rights abuses fled to avoid possible prosecution , most have stayed behind , confident that justice will never catch up to their crimes .
Thus , like many Guatemalan communities , massacre survivors of Rabinal live , work , and greet the violent aggressors of the past .
One name frequently mentioned by massacre witnesses is that of Lucas Tecú Xitimul , [ 24 ] a former Rabinal military commissioner during the worst of the violence .
" Lucas Tecú was responsible for many massacres and assassinations , including those in my hometown of Xesiguan , " stated genocide survivor María .
" Now he has a large following as pastor and claims his past actions have been forgiven by God . "
Continued María :
But I do n’t forgive him .
How is it that a man who has blood on his hands can call himself a man of God ?
He was n’t a man of God when he was murdering innocent men , women , and children .
Now that he is a minister of God , he says that we must forget the sins of the past and concentrate on our life after death .
I lost members of my family from this man of God .
My family is buried underneath the earth while Lucas Tecú is above the earth , a free man .
How is this fair ?
When will this man be called to testify ?
When will he face justice for his crimes ?
Antonio of the small mountain village of Xesiguan has a similar story .
Like María , Antonio witnessed the Independence Day massacre and survived by sneaking into a nearby forest .
He and his wife , Silvia , hid in the mountains for parts of four years during the violent epoch , living off whatever nature provided .
In 1984 Antonio was captured as a " subversive " by soldiers and tortured for 10 consecutive days in the Rabinal military base .
Antonio described how soldiers would urinate and defecate on the captives tied up underneath them in a dirt pit .
" They wanted to show us how vulnerable we were how dependant we were to the Army , " instructed Antonio .
When asked if he still sees his torturers , Antonio described a former judicial that I knew .
Mako is a loud - mouthed , portly man in his early 60s who runs the local bus terminal in Rabinal .
Mako was especially notorious as a torturer who sliced open deep wounds on the skin of Antonio and other victims with a sharpened machete .
Antonio described how one of the victims had to eat the worms infesting in his open wounds on his skull and arms in order to stave off starvation .
" We were beaten , sliced , punched , and screamed at throughout my time in the military base , " stated Antonio .
" I was lucky I survived .
It is unfair that don Mako continues to live without a care in the world as a respected man of the community .
The man is a murderer .
And I have to see this murderer every time I need to travel . "
José ’s Dilemma
Despite the high concentration of war criminals living in Rabinal , not all war survivors have remained silent .
It was during my time researching at the Rabinal Achí Community Museum that I met José , a local painter who occasionally hires himself out as a day laborer and field hand in order to provide for his family .
José ’s passion is painting works around his own Maya - Achí culture and the rich traditions of Rabinal .
José told me how a few years ago he had entered a few paintings in a local art exhibit glorifying Guatemala ’s culture and people for its Independence Day celebration .
Only a child during the Independence Day massacre , José entered a painting that depicted the massacre that he witnessed .
He had previously painted works depicting the violence but never had entered such a work in an exhibit open to the public .
A mural in Pacux , home of the Rio Negro survivors .
" The first night of the exhibit , I was a nervous , " laughed José .
" I had seen men with guns — men responsible for the violence — walking around the fair .
I mean , there are a lot of them in Rabinal .
I remember that some of these men entered the exhibit and seemed upset .
That only made me more nervous . "
José said that the armed men were officials in the municipal government and various political parties , like former deputy mayor Lucas Tecú .
José chuckled a bit nervously , " I ’m sure they never witnessed a painting of a massacre before — at least not that specific massacre that they were responsible for .
I mean , I had never known anybody to openly describe the Independence Day massacre in Rabinal . "
José looked around his workshop , as if he was nervous about someone walking in , before continuing in a lower voice .
" Well , the night of the exhibit opening , after I washed up for bed in my own house — where my family lives — I was startled by knocks at the door . "
José answered the door , where he was confronted by two men , armed and unmasked .
They demanded that he take down his painting " for the good of the community . "
José heeded to the advice of the men and removed his painting the following morning .
When asked if he knew the men , he said that one was a former judicial .
When asked if he believed he made the right choice , José rested his head on his fists and let out a loud sigh .
" What else could I do ?
I am a proud man proud of who my people and proud of all they have been through .
But they still have the guns and the law . "
An AJR member looks at a quilt with names of massacre victims .
Forgotten Spirits
Like many genocide survivors , Gregorio is frustrated at the impunity that characterizes Guatemala but is afraid to speak out publicly .
He remembers when silence was the only form of survival ; to speak out meant certain torture and death .
During the 1981 Independence Day celebration , Gregorio witnessed the slaughter in the streets with his fellow students before escaping to his house on the outskirts of town .
Describing the " dead victims " as " the forgotten spirits of Rabinal , " Gregorio believes that hundreds of people were slaughtered that day .
When asked if there is any campaign to find the physical remains of the victims , or if there is any current mobilization for justice against those responsible for the massacre , Gregorio responded immediately .
" The indigenous people in Rabinal survived the violence and its aftermath with silence .
This is what the people know silence . "
To date , Rio Negro is the only legal case , out of dozens initiated with forensic evidence , which has concluded with a conviction of men responsible for human rights abuses during the scorched earth campaign of the 1980s .
Eight low - ranking civil patrollers have been convicted in a Guatemalan court ; three in 1999 and five in 2008 .
Not a single military official who planned , ordered , or participated in the hundreds of massacres during the dictatorships of García and Montt has had to face the courts .
To Río Negro massacre survivor , Jesús Tecu , it is no coincidence that the eight convicted men happened to speak Maya Achí .
Tecu declared in the 2008 legal trial that convicted five Xococ PAC members , " There is only justice for the indigenous people accused and those who are the material authors of these crimes , there ’s nothing . "
The Mayan people of the Guatemalan highlands are frustrated at the State not respecting their language and cultural rights .
It was largely believed on 4 November 2007 the largely poor , indigenous population of Guatemala went against history when it voted Alvaro Colom into power .
For the first time since Guatemalan reinstated " democratic " voting in 1985 , the Spanish - speaking population did not decide the election .
Colom is well indebted to the rural , campesino , indigenous population because , as columnist Sam Colop stated in the 11/7/07 Prensa Libre , " for good or bad the rural counties decided the elections . "
But since the election , I frequently heard genocide survivors tell me , " The government does n’t respect us . "
Gregorio agreed .
" Colom is a career politician .
He was never a savior to the indigenous population .
He turned his back on them since he took office .
Colom is like all the other Latino politicians .
He does n’t respect the indigenous people . "
Gregorio added , " I think that the Guatemalan state sees only one good use in us .
We are their servants in the fields , the factories , and the tourist industry .
We are their cute little puppets .
We are treated with the same contempt and discrimination as we were during la violencia , " emphasized Gregorio .
Looking at recent news stories in Guatemala , it ’s hard to disagree .
In the villages in Rabinal municipality , people speak of the marked increase in the number of forced — and often violent — evictions of poor and indigenous campesino families involved in rural land disputes .
Although the evictions have n’t affected Rabinal as much as other regions , people are worried .
Mayan campesinos make little cash and typically own a small plot of land for both housing and crops .
They are vulnerable to the health of the crops , changes in labor requirements , and changes in ownership .
Land tensions have heightened of late due to the drops in coffee prices , rising costs of food , and multinational companies gobbling up land for the exploitation of natural resources .
Despite strong opposition by rural indigenous farming communities , mining companies like Canada ’s Skye Resources and Goldcorp , Inc. , have stepped up their evictions of indigenous families in order to mine nickel and gold . [ 25 ]
This is all under the protection of the State .
The 1996 Peace Accords promised agrarian reforms .
Guatemala ’s land conflicts were supposed to be resolved by providing a framework for land disputes , including the enforcement of labor laws and minimum wage , land ownership for poor campesinos , creating procedures for resolving land disputes , providing legal assistance and free translations into indigenous languages , and recognizing and promoting indigenous law .
The land reforms were never implemented and the land disputes have been resolved by the government and the private landowners through force .
House demolitions , the destruction of personal items , and violence are common means to winning a conflict .
Rich landowners have a clear advantage over campesinos when land conflicts arise .
They have the guns , the money , the power , the allies , and the access and understanding of the legal process .
Campesinos do n’t have a fair opportunity when regarding land ownership , the enforcement of labor rights , and access to the judicial system .
They also have no money , no guns , no power , and no friends in high places .
Without fair access to the judicial and political systems , it will be a difficult struggle for indigenous war survivors , including the AJR .
Despite testimonies from surviving eyewitnesses , inspections of massacre sites , forensic evidence collected from exhumations , and international pressure from various human rights organizations around the globe , the Guatemalan state - appointed prosecutor continues to state that it needs a stronger set of evidence in order to arrest the charged men .
The genocide cases have languished in the investigatory stage for eight years .
And the potentially sympathetic world community has heard virtually nothing of these struggles .
Few U.S. citizens are aware of the international arrest warrants charging genocide and crimes against humanity against the high commands of former Guatemalan dictators .
Few U.S. citizens realize survivors ’ courageous struggle against powerful military men who planned , organized , and executed the total destruction of their communities and the murders of their loved ones .
Catalina with her 2nd husband and his daughter and granddaughter .
" What I want more than anything , " claimed indigenous genocide survivor , Catalina , of Chicupac , " is justice for wartime atrocities committed against my loved ones and my community .
I want to move on with my life .
There are enough problems we poor people must deal with today .
But I ca n’t move on until we receive justice for the terrible consequences of the past . "
To become involved in the struggle for justice in Guatemala , contact the Network in Solidarity with the People of Guatemala ( NISGUA ) at http:// www.nisgua.org .
Thaddeus al Nakba ( alnakba@riseup.net ) was an international human rights accompanier for the Network in Solidarity with the People of Guatemala ( NISGUA ) .
A great part of the information for this article was translated from interviews and testimonies recorded by the author .
All witnesses ’ names were changed to protect their identity .
The article was written in memory of the forgotten spirits of Rabinal .
Notes :
[ 1 ] Read about the Xalala dam struggle ( ) , the violence in Nueva Linda , and turbulence in Izabal .
[ 2 ] Created out of the 1996 Peace Accords , the CEH ’s nine - volume report , Guatemala : Memory of Silence ( 1999 ) , can be found online .
[ 3] " The massacres that eliminated entire Mayan villages … are neither perfidious allegation nor fragments of the imagination , but an authentic chapter in Guatemalan history , " concluded the CEH .
[ 4] To learn more about U.S. overthrow of Guatemalan democracy , read Schlesinger and Kinzer ’s Bitter Fruit : The Story of the American Coup in Guatemala and William Blum ’s Killing Hope : U.S. Military and CIA Interventions Since World War II .
Allan Nairn has a number of articles on U.S. - Guatemala military ties during the worst of the violence , including a 1989 article on Reagan ’s death squads .
[ 5 ] Analysis at Wola and Human Rights First .
[ 6 ] See endnote # 1 .
[ 7 ] Patrick Ball , Paul Kobrak , and Herbert F. Spirer , " State Violence in Guatemala , 1960 - 1996 : A Quantitative Reflection . "
[ 8 ] Jennifer Schirmer , " The Guatemalan military project : an interview with Gen. Hector Gramajo , " Harvard International Review , Vol. 13 , Issue 3 ( Spring 1991 ) .
[ 9 ] FAFG is the Guatemalan Forensic Anthropology Foundation , formerly the Guatemalan Forensic Anthropology Team ( EAFG ) .
FAFG applies forensic anthropology techniques in exhumations of clandestine graves to allow the relatives of the disappeared to recuperate the remains of missing family members and enable criminal prosecutions against the perpetrators .
[ 10 ] The project was partly financed by the World Bank and the Inter - American Development Bank .
[ 11 ] The army would financially profit and steal tens of millions of dollars from the Chixoy hydroelectric project according to Christopher L. Bryson ’s May 1987 Christian Science Monitor article , " Guatemala : a development dream turns into repayment nightmare . "
For more information on the connection between the violence of Río Negro inhabitants and the construction of the Chixoy dam , read Witness for Peace ’s 1996 publication , A People Dammed : The World Bank - Funded Chixoy Hydroelectric Project and its Devastating Impacts on the People and Economy of Guatemala .
[ 12 ] According to local human rights advocates , it is difficult to know exactly which military officials were stationed at the Cobán and Rabinal military bases at what dates .
Military records lie , are incomplete , or classified .
Thus at times it was necessary to rely on the memory of witnesses and local organizations , which may not be the dates the military gives .
During the Independence Day massacre , according to an investigator of Estamos Vivos , Colonel Ricardo Méndez Ruiz and Colonel Juan José Marroquín Siliézar were the two highest officials stationed at the Cobán military base .
Colonel Méndez would eventually become the Interior Minister under Montt and President Jorge Serrano Elías .
Colonel Marroquín would later control military intelligence operations in Guatemala , but was sacked in 1990 by a rival official who had been awarded the post of Defense Minister .
When three USAID workers were murdered under the government of General Mejía Victores , there is speculation that it was the work of Colonel Marroquín ’s intelligence unit in the Presidential Security Department , Archivos , as revenge for the U.S. criticism against the Guatemalan human rights records .
[ 13 ] According to witness testimonies , Captain Antonio Solares González and Lieutenant Díaz , were the top two commanders stationed in Rabinal when the massacres transgressed .
Solares is considered the architect of a number of Rabinal massacres , including the 13 March 1982 Río Negro massacre of 177 women and children and the 18 July 1982 massacre of 268 civilians in Plan de Sanchez .
Despite being indicted in April of 2003 and May of 2008 for his role in the Río Negro massacre , the government has failed to capture Solares , who continues to receive his military pension .
As far as Lieutenant Díaz , it was reported that army personnel or former PAC members assassinated him on 20 June 1994 right before he was scheduled to testify in a local court case involving a brutal massacre committed by the military and patrollers .
Other military intelligence officials and leading officers stationed in Cobán and Rabinal during the worst of the violence included Otto Erick Ponce Morales , René Antonio Carballo Morales , Luís Arturo Isaacs Rodríguez , César Augusto Cabrera Mejía , Luís Felipe Miranda Trejo , Juán Ovalle Salazar , Mario Roberto García Catalán , Edgar Justino Ovalle Maldonado , José Luís Fernández Ligorría , and Juán Valencia Osorio .
The scorched earth policy of the government was coordinated and executed by these and other men .
There were other officials , but it has been almost impossible to find their official names .
[ 14 ] " From what I understand , " stated the smiling Eleodoro , a local Rabinal human rights activist from Pacux , " Baldizon and his followers soon fell out of favor with the military commanders in Cobán .
He assassinated a high number of rivals and civilians for personal gain and profit .
The military commanders began to notice due to the complaints from women of the community .
One day in 1982 the Army invited him and some of his closest followers with the supposed purpose of receiving new , more modern guns .
They were all shot in the back of the head .
They had had enough . "
[ 15 ] Las Masacres en Rabinal : Estudio Historico Antropológico de las Masacres de Plan de Sanchez , Chichupa y Río Negro .
The second edition , revised and amplified , was published by EAFG , 1997 .
[ 16 ]
Oj K’aslik / Estamos Vivos : Recuperación de la Memoria Histórica de Rabinal ( 1944-1996 ) .
Published by the Museo Comunitario Rabinal Achi. Rabinal , Guatemala , 2003 .
[ 17 ]
The author stated that such towns included Salamá ( Baja Verapaz ) , El Rancho ( El Progreso ) , and Tulumaje ( El Progreso ) .
Rabinal identification documents have been uncovered in exhumations in communities such as Tulmujae , leading locals to believe that there are likely bodies from the Independence Day massacre in random communities throughout Guatemala .
[ 18 ]
Locals believe that a local educational institute , INEBE ( Educación Básica Experimental ) , was built clandestine graves .
A local human rights organization , the Maya Achí Association for the Integral Development of Victims of Violence ( ADIVIMA ) , claims that there are dozens of uncovered clandestine graves scattered throughout the Rabinal municipality .
[ 19 ] The García brothers , Ríos Montt , and members of their high commands , are plaintiffs in two genocide cases ; one presented by the Association for Justice and Reconciliation ( AJR ) and the other by the Menchú Foundation .
In December 1999 , in the wake of the arrest in London of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , Nobel laureate Rigoberta Menchú and a group of Spanish and Guatemalan NGOs filed a suit in the Spanish National Court against several former Guatemalan heads of state .
Shortly thereafter , the war survivors ’ organization , AJR , presented their two cases ( 2000 and 2001 ) .
[ 20 ] Carlos Chen died of diabetes just as he began his 50 - year sentence for his role in the 13 March 1982 massacre of 177 women and children from Río Negro .
[ 21 ] For information on the newest Río Negro court case , see " Guatemala : Río Negro Survivors Identify Executioners " and " Guatemala : Five Sentenced to 780 Years for Río Negro Massacre . "
[ 22 ] CEH 1999 : Conclusions , Chapter II , 108 - 123 .
[ 23 ] CEH 1999 : Conclusions , Chapter II , 226-7 .
[ 24 ] Lucas Tecú Xitimul rose to deputy mayor in Rabinal under Rios Montt ’s FRG party .
This weekend Amnesty International is holding a conference in London which brings together the biggest gathering of former " war on terror " detainees .
Around 25 former inmates at Guantánamo Bay are attending and speakers will include former detainees from the UK , Russia and Afghanistan .
Ahead of the three - day conference , Amnesty conducted interviews with four former Guantánamo detainees and transcripts of these are below .
You can also listen to audio files of the first and second interviews .
The first interview is with Moazzam Begg , one of nine British men who were held at Guantánamo Bay .
He was seized in Islamabad in February 2002 by the CIA and initially held at Bagram airbase in Afghanistan for around a year .
He was held in Guantánamo until January 2005 , when he was released without charge .
At Bagram he says he saw two people beaten to death by guards ; one guard told him how it was necessary for them to " dehumanise " detainees to cope with working there .
The second interview is with Ustad Badruzzaman Badr , from Afghanistan , who was arrested with his brother , journalist Abdurraheem Muslim Dost , at their home in Pakistan in November 2001 .
They were held by the ISI , Pakistan 's intelligence service , before being handed over to the Americans .
Both were released from Guantánamo Bay at the end of last year .
The third interview is with Airat Vakhitov , one of eight Russian detainees .
He was held in solitary confinement at Bagram in Afghanistan for a year before being transferred to Guantánamo , from where he was released in 2004 .
The final interview is with Rustam Akhmiarov , another Russian who was also released last year .
Transcripts
[ At Bagram airbase in Afghanistan ]
The guards had put barbed wire at the back of the cages or the cells where we 'd use that area as the latrine .
This detainee had apparently been able to push the barbed wire through and crawl out and run out - completely confused as to whether he 's going left or right or where he was going to go in his orange suit .
So the guards caught him and they beat him literally to death .
After which they dragged him in front of all the cells which were there and that 's when I saw his body .
They took him to the medical room which was also opposite the cell where I was and they closed the doors .
After that there was a whole series of doctors and medics and officers running in and rushing about .
And eventually they carried his body out on a stretcher with the blanket covering his face and all we could se were the beaten soles of his feet that were visible .
I spoke to one of the soldiers who used to get along quite well with me and he told me exactly what he'd done , why he'd done it and how he 'd done it .
This soldier I 'd met in Kandahar and he was one of the few who used to speak to me quite regularly and I was so amazed that he was so candid about telling me how he'd done this and why he'd done this and why he felt it was completely justified and almost vindicated himself by the fact that he 's telling me .
When people say , " How did you manage ? "
Well sometimes I did n't manage .
Sometimes I exploded myself and broke up everything and fell about , cried , smashed my head against the wall .
But that was a rarity .
Generally I tried to be a controlled and as calm as possible .
One important thing to me was dignity and self control and self respect .
They had definitely taken my freedom and my ability to be free , but what they could n't do was to take away my dignity , and that 's what I held on to .
When they handed out Korans to us in Bagram I remember seeing the Americans passing them through the airlocks and throwing them onto the ground .
People might think that well , its just a book , but if you believe like you do as a Muslim that this is the unadulterated revealed speech of God and it is the most sacred thing that a Muslim would have in his house .
To see them do that for me brought about a sense of complete desperation , that I can't do anything about this and them for the other Afghans and various other prisoners it was intolerable .
And it was of course part of the dehumanising process again .
And one of the guards there of that unit told me when I used to have discussions with them , that when we see you people we can't look at you as human beings .
Our psyche does not allow us to do that - because if we did we would n't treat you this way .
It 's easy for us to dehumanise you .
First of all most of you guys do n't speak the same language .
Secondly , you look different .
Thirdly , you 're dressed different .
Fourthly , you 're in cages and we 're out here with the guns .
The use of torture has in the 21st century become a topic of debate .
Should we or should we not .
And I think that it 's just such a terrible statement ... on the state of us as human beings on the planet today .
The people who claim to be the upholders and defenders of freedom are debating now whether it is legitimate to use torture .
After all of what the world has been through arguing against the fact .
And if it does in one way or another become legitimised , either mental torture or physical or psychological , which has been clearly used by several countries , then I think the world will spiral into something that nobody will be able to control .
People have been held there [ Guantánamo ] for four years now , almost .
What possible intelligence value could they be giving after all this time - even if there was any to begin with ?
So I would say categorically that not only should the United States close the place down .
I think people should be repatriated .
Those people who have committed crimes should be charged .
Those people who have not should be released and should be compensated - if it 's possible to compensate people for the time and for the physical and mental torture that they 've had to suffer all of this time .
Actually in the beginning when we were in Bagram and Kandahar and in cells of ISI , we suffered a lot .
We have been kicked out , we have been kicked by the feet of soldiers .
We have become naked ; they have taken our naked pictures .
They have shaven our beards and they have insulted us in different ways .
The way they were taking us to interrogation in Kandahar was really insulting and we suffered a lot and we had no shower for three months in Bagram and Kandahar and the same way for two and a half months in cells of ISI in Peshawar .
The way we were taken and flown from Peshawar to Bagram , and from Bagram to Kandahar and from Kandahar to Guantánamo Bay was really torturing , we suffered a lot .
They tied us with plastic handcuffs and it really hurt us and the most terrible thing was when they took us from Kandahar to Guantánamo .
We had goggles on our head and had masks and we were blinded there and it was a very long flight of 24 hours .
What happened to us ...
It is just torturing us mentally right now and when I just think about Guantánamo , I think about Kandahar , I think about Bagram I think about the cells of ISI , I cannot forget the night we were arrested and we left our children crying without reason .
We have n't been criminals , we have n't done anything wrong .
We have been journalists , we have been scholars , we have been intellectuals , we have been reporters and editors you can see the library here .
I can draw it for you this is the whole block you can see .
You know and there were two rows , in each row there were 24 cells and then there was another row of 24 cells .
You can see and each cell was 180 centimetres in length , and the width and the height was 180 centimetres .
It was the place where we had to sleep , where we had to offer our prayers , where we had to go to the bath and that was the whole thing we had in our life .
We had to stay here for a long time and after every three days and sometimes after every five days we had to go out for 20 minutes and some people for 30 minutes if we were not on punishment .
But those who were on punishment had to stay there for longer times - for a month , two or three without coming out .
Actually we could n't get our messages from home and our families could n't receive our messages up to almost one year and a half .
The first time I received our message through Red Cross .
I wrote my first message in Kandahar but it arrived home after 8 months and we received our first message after one year and most of the messages were coming through Red Cross and they used to censor and erased just those lines which they did n't like - you can see these .
I want to go to that conference [ Amnesty 's ] because we want to impart and to give the details to the rest of the world and we want to inform the world so it does not happen again .
So the right thing is done to those innocents who are still in detention and punishment for those who are really guilty .
I mean keeping this information secret and not telling the world would be a dishonesty an intellectual dishonesty and we want to tell the world and it's very important .
It 's just many people are waiting for us to listen and to know what was going on there and what happened and what were the results .
The torture was basic .
In order to cause discomfort they switched on the air conditioning and closed the door to the room .
The chain was covered with frost .
Before the investigation we were held in the isolation ward for ten days to a month .
During this time continuous beatings and insults took place .
Concerning our transfer from Kandahar to Guantánamo : it was a very cruel journey .
We were all chained , attached to the seats .
We were wearing headphones , blacked out glasses and respirators , making breathing almost impossible .
People were continually losing consciousness because of the respirators .
The headphones caused high pressure on the head , almost causing a hole , and all of that caused a lot of pain .
We were put into an American detention centre at Kandahar air base .
Every one of us suffered from torture and humiliation .
The beatings became a routine .
Isolation wards , unsanitary conditions and we were sleeping on the sand in the winter .
This humiliation was bringing us to our knees .
The torture we were subjected to include beatings and systematic provocations to try and make the detainee break some instructions .
And when that happens a special team is called - they would run into the cell , beat and chain him up .
During the interrogations they left you in a cold room for a few weeks .
Isolation wards are a good example .
We were n't given anything to lie on - no carpet .
All of us have problems with our kidneys because we slept on the iron with air conditioning on .
It was freezing cold .
The ceilings began to be covered with condensation from the cold .
We were held like that for months .
I was in the isolation ward for five months .
I consider the biggest humiliation I have suffered is the stigma that the Americans gave to me .
The life - long brand of terrorist , extremist , which I received in Guantánamo has stayed with me since being extradited to Russia .
We have to expose to the public these crimes of the system speaking out for all of the international community , few people have taken the opportunity using legitimate or other methods and people are starting to understand what happened .
Some people on behalf of the whole community say that Muslims are the terrorists , bandits and killers .
I face insults in the streets .
It is the fault of a group of people who speak out on behalf of the world 's Islamic Uma .
I think not all people share the point of view of Bush 's administration .
Not all Muslims share the opinion of Osama Bin Laden or Zarkowi .
There is an attempt to cause tension between two big civilizations and we became the victims of this war , we were caught in the middle .
