by Jessica Thomas , Personal Trainer
If you want to lose weight , you ’ve got to burn more calories than you consume throughout the day .
Trying to find the best exercise for weight loss ?
The answer is to choose those exercises that burn fat efficiently .
Let me show you how !
To begin with , weight loss exercise falls into two main categories :
Aerobic ( cardio )
Anaerobic ( strength training )
Each type of exercise affects your body in a different way , so they should be looked at separately to determine which is best for weight loss .
An aerobic exercise program consists of various forms of cardiovascular exercise performed three to five days per week .
For each session lasting 30 minutes at moderate intensity , you will burn around 300 calories .
Remember that aerobic exercise involves large muscle groups , and is done for an extended period of time .
Aerobic exercise trains the heart and lungs , making them stronger .
While aerobic exercise is good for weight loss , it also provides cardiovascular benefits .
Some good examples of aerobic exercise include walking , jogging , biking , swimming and aerobic classes .
On the other hand , anaerobic exercise mainly refers to resistance training like lifting weights .
The purpose of anaerobic exercise is to prevent muscle loss and also to increase muscle mass .
Weight training is one of the most popular types of anaerobic exercise .
While aerobic exercise is great for burning calories , a strength - training session will burn only half the calories of a cardio session .
The reason is that while doing aerobics , your heart and muscles are working continuously , whereas in the strength training session you are resting between sets .
Aerobic classes are popular for middle - aged men and women trying to lose weight .
However if a person is overweight or out of shape , the class may become too intense for proper fat burning , especially if you are trying to keep up with the other class members .
If you are trying to do too much , heavy breathing will result , which means carbohydrates become the body ’s predominant fuel , reducing the percentage of fat burn .
Exercise Helps to Boost Your Metabolism
When choosing the best exercises for weight loss for men , a good balance between the percentage of fat and the total calories is key .
In addition , it ’s important to raise your overall metabolic rate .
Resting metabolic rate ( RMR ) is the minimum number of calories needed to fuel the body functions required for daily life .
When you exercise , your RMR increases due to chemical and hormonal changes and remains elevated for awhile after you are finished .
Anaerobic exercise like weight training creates more muscle mass , which means a higher resting metabolic rate .
In other words , your metabolism gradually becomes fat - burning .
While cardiovascular activities like jogging burn more calories immediately , strength training raises your body ’s overall resting metabolic rate , allowing you to burn more fat .
What is the Best Exercise Plan for Seniors ?
For seniors , the best exercise for weight loss and toning can be a combination of walking and stretching .
This is something that can be done anywhere , and is often the best exercise for weight loss at home .
Walking to lose weight not only burns a good proportion of stored fat it can also burn a large amount of calories if the walks are long or done at a brisk pace .
Walking is a great place to start for men or women of any age wanting to improve their health .
As your endurance increases , you can add in more challenging aerobic and anaerobic exercises like those described above .
At the end of the day , balance is key .
When choosing an exercise plan , it ’s best to include a combination of both cardio and strength training .
This way you will receive both calorie burn and metabolism boost , which will enable you to achieve weight loss more quickly .
In addition , be sure to eat a balanced diet of healthy carbohydrates , protein and fat .
Exercise burns carbs , so do n’t skimp on this important area of nutrition .
Here ’s wishing you weight loss success !
How Much Exercise is Needed to Lose Weight Effectively ?
Research shows that even the most sedentary of people can realize significant health benefits by doing just 30 minutes per day of exercise or other physical activity .
For maximum health benefits , weight loss experts suggest 30 minutes of aerobic exercise of moderate intensity at least five days a week .
In addition , some form of anaerobic exercise like muscle training and stretching should be performed at least two to three times a week .
For those individuals who have been sedentary for an extended period , it ’s important to start with less strenuous activities such as walking or swimming at a gentle pace .
Starting out at a slow pace will allow a person to become physically fit without putting a lot of stress on the body .
As a person ’s fitness level improves , more strenuous physical activities can be included .
Before starting any exercise program , it ’s best to consult with your doctor to make sure there are no health issues .
Your doctor may also be able to recommend a suitable exercise program for your particular level of fitness .
This will allow you to increase your overall fitness while losing weight at the same time .
( published February 4 , 2010 )
During the live coverage of free agency two days ago , I waited anxiously to find out what , exactly , the Devils would do .
General manager Lou Lamoriello was adamant about improving the defense , and I figured Paul Martin would be part of those plans .
As a matter of fact , I believed Martin would ( and should ) take precedence over Ilya Kovalchuk .
But after two hours , the Devils lost one of their better defenseman , and the feeling of his departure was an all - too familiar feeling for Devils fans everywhere .
When it was announced that Martin would sign with the Pittsburgh Penguins , I felt a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach .
The defenseman became another solid player to leave for a division foe , and one that will challenge the Devils in the Atlantic Division for the forseeable future .
Martin , an important piece of the Devils defense , would now don one of the ugliest jerseys in the game and face his former team six times a season .
The defenseman joined the team that broke his forearm last season !
But the Penguins offered a nice five - year , $ 25 million dollar deal , and Martin was a Penguin .
At first , losing Martin upset me .
The Devils needed his presence on the blue line , and I thought he could flourish under new coach John MacLean .
The team needed a solid puck - moving defenseman , and Martin could provide that play .
More importantly , the team needed some type of firepower from the blue line .
While Martin was n’t great offensively , he still gave opposing teams something to think about .
With him gone , the Devils lost a solid player and another good homegrown product .
I was further infuriated when I read these comments , provided by Tom Gulitti of the Bergen Record .
Martin decided to sign with the Penguins because of their ability to win immediately and contend for a Stanley Cup championship .
“ There was only a handful of teams interested and it came down to wanting to win right away , ” Martin said .
“ I think Pittsburgh is right there , obviously , after winning a couple of years ago .
I just think they ’re right in the mix .
I know a couple of players there already and talked to them to do a little research .
And it just worked out . ”
I read into this quote two ways – either the Devils did n’t show enough interest , or Martin believes the Devils ca n’t “ win now . ”
I highly doubt Lamoriello would let Martin walk easily , so I ’ll assume he meant the latter .
I can understand how the recent changes may have worried Martin .
He ’d be playing for yet another new head coach , and he’d be adopting yet another new system .
While the Devils have young players , the Penguins have Sidney Crosby , a gold medal and Stanley Cup winner .
Meanwhile , the Devils have n’t been able to sniff the Stanley Cup in the past few years .
It made sense for Martin to leave , and the money offered could have outweighed any Devils offer .
Continue reading for my take on Martin ’s departure .
The Devils wo n’t be able to completely fill the hole Martin leaves , which led to the signings of Anton Volchenkov and Henrik Tallinder .
When you ca n’t fill a hole , you need to go in a different direction .
That ’s what Lamoriello did after Martin joined the Penguins .
The general manager made the defense grittier and bigger , but the team still lacks a solid , puck - moving defenseman to assist on the powerplay and the breakout .
Martin hamstrung the Devils offensive effort along the blue line .
Now the team lacks a legitimate blue line scorer , with only Andy Greene as a scoring threat .
So should we boo Martin when he visits The Rock on Columbus Day ?
It ’s a difficult decision .
I want to hate Martin for signing with a division rival , but I ca n’t bring myself to hate him .
He went to sign with a championship contender , something every free agent looks to do .
I have to assume that Lamoriello offered him less money on a contract , making Pittsburgh more attractive .
It ’s always tough to see a good player sign with a division foe ( like when Scott Gomez signed with the Rangers and officially became a traitor ) , but I ca n’t stay mad at Martin .
I ’ll probably boo him when he steps on the ice , but I ’ll never hate Martin for his decision .
Anyone who 's played Red Dead Redemption should instantly recognise this song .
It 's one of the highlights , not just of an amazing soundtrack , but of the entire game itself .
Advertisement
If you have n't played the game , and want to , I 'd actually recommend you not hit play .
A YouTube clip can't do the " experience " justice .
You 'll hear it for the first time when riding across Mexico , around a third of the way into the game ( I was particularly lucky and got it alone , on a desert plain , in the middle of the night ) .
And , if you 're anything like me , it 'll stop you dead in your tracks .
Advertisement
It 's called " Far Away " , by José González , a Swedish folk singer .
What 's interesting about this song is not how fitting it is for the game , but how it 's so unlike anything we ever expect from a video game .
González is an actual recording artist of note .
You may have seen him on TV , or heard his stuff somewhere , or even be a direct fan .
That 's not the unusual part ; lots of games , especially Rockstar ones , sign real artists all the time .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What 's unique about this is that the song was made for Red Dead .
Rockstar got González to sit down and write a song that would work well for a gunman who finds himself in Mexico , desperate , in danger , alone and a long way from home .
And he totally nails it .
It 's haunting , but also somehow sounds like it could have come from 1910 and 2010 .
This is one of my favourite songs of 2010 .
Not favourite video game songs of 2010 , favourite songs .
And I do n't think I 've ever been able to say that about something I heard in a game before .
Keryx is a free , open source application for offline Debian - based package management .
The Keryx Project started as a way for users with dialup , or low - bandwidth internet to be able to download and update packages on their debian based distribution of linux .
Mainly built for Ubuntu , Keryx allows users to select packages to install , check for updates , and download these packages onto a USB portable storage device .
The packages are saved onto the device and are then taken back to the Linux box that it originated from and are then installed .
Israel has announced it will ease its blockade of the Gaza Strip and allow more civilian goods to enter the Palestinian territory .
The move comes amid international pressure on Israel , following its raid on aid ships bound for Gaza last month .
Both the Palestinian Authority and the Islamist group Hamas dismissed Israel 's announcement , calling for a full lifting of restrictions .
Israel and Egypt tightened the blockade when Hamas took over Gaza in 2007 .
The Israeli decision followed two days of meetings of the country 's security cabinet .
The move will see an expansion in the number of products Israel will allow into Gaza via border crossing points , although the naval blockade will remain in place .
Analysis
The Israeli cabinet 's decision to relax some restrictions on goods entering Gaza seems vague and contains little detail .
Everything will depend upon how it is implemented .
It certainly falls far short of a full - scale lifting of the blockade demanded by many foreign governments .
It also seems to fall short of a fundamental reassessment on the part of Israel itself .
Many Israeli strategic commentators have argued that the economic war against Hamas has essentially failed and that the only purpose of Israeli restrictions should be to prevent the smuggling of weapons into the Gaza Strip .
The new Israeli - approved product list reportedly includes all food items , toys , stationery , kitchen utensils , mattresses and towels .
An Israeli government statement did not specify any items other than construction materials for civilian projects , which it said would be allowed in under international supervision .
Israel has until now blocked materials like cement and steel , arguing that Hamas could use them to build weapons and fortifications .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said in a statement that Israel would : " liberalise the system by which civilian goods enter Gaza " ; " expand the inflow of materials for civilian projects that are under international supervision " ; and " continue existing security procedures to prevent the inflow of weapons and war material " .
It added : " The cabinet will decide in the coming days on additional steps to implement this policy . "
It also said that Israel expected the international community to work toward the immediate release of Gilad Shalit , an Israeli soldier captured by Hamas fighters on the Israel - Gaza border in 2006 .
Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said some of the goods that would now be allowed in were " trivial and secondary " , adding : " What is needed is a complete lifting of the blockade .
What is needed is a complete lifting of the blockade - goods and people must be free to enter and leave Sami Abu Zuhri , Hamas spokesman Guide : Gaza under blockade Reporters ' log : Blockade eased Statements ' differing language
" Goods and people must be free to enter and leave .
Gaza especially needs construction material , which must be allowed to come in without restrictions . "
In the West Bank , the Palestinian Authority government of Mahmoud Abbas also said the blockade should be lifted in its entirety .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called the easing of sanctions a " step in the right direction " .
International Middle East envoy Tony Blair , who helped work out the deal with Israel , said it was a " good start " .
" We need to make sure that people 's lives in Gaza do improve , " Mr Blair said .
" That 's the purpose of the change of policy that people like myself have argued for for the past two years . "
He also called for the unconditional release of Sergeant Shalit , saying : " That would allow us to make even further progress .
" But I am absolutely determined to secure significant change over this coming period so that people in Gaza , ordinary people in Gaza , many of whom do not support Hamas , many of whom are young children , get the access to the basic necessities of life that they require and daily life and can start to return to normal . "
The Israeli announcement came after Syrian President Bashar al - Assad said Israel 's raid on the aid flotilla had increased the chances of war in the region .
He told the BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen that although Syria was working to prevent a war , there was no chance of a peace deal with the current Israeli administration , which he called a " pyromaniac government " .
Israel says the blockade - which aims to put pressure on Hamas and secure the release of Sgt Shalit - prevents war material entering Gaza while allowing the entry of humanitarian aid .
It has been widely criticised as " collective punishment " of the 1.4 million residents of Gaza .
Nine Turkish activists died in the Israeli commando raid on the Gaza - bound flotilla in international waters on 31 May .
It was the ninth attempt since 2008 to break the blockade by sea , but the first that resulted in bloodshed .
KEY ENTRY POINTS INTO GAZA
Sure , Paul may still have to live down " Silly Love Songs . "
But little moments like these remind us of the puckish rebel of his youth :
McCartney ended the evening taking a baseless cheap shot at former President George W. Bush .
“ After the last eight years , it ’s great to have a President who knows what a library is , ” McCartney quipped .
Republicans seem to have forgotten that The Beatles always had a way of poking fun at conservatives -- and they never were compelled to hold their tongues , either .
Which is why Mr. Tanning Bed , John Boehner , immediately put up a big whine :
“ Like millions of other Americans , I have always had a good impression of Paul McCartney and thought of him as a classy guy , but I was surprised and disappointed by the lack of grace and respect he displayed at the White House , ” Boehner told HUMAN EVENTS .
“ I hope he 'll apologize to the American people for his conduct which demeaned him , the White House and President Obama . ”
Not to mention that it also gave John Boehner a big fat opportunity to completely humiliate himself .
Again .
You know , we keep hearing from conservatives that we liberals have no sense of humor .
They mostly tell us this when they make jokes about rounding us up in concentration camps or directing terrorist attacks our way .
But even the most prim - lipped liberal knows better than to be this dumb .
Gotta wonder what Boehner will do if McCartney declines to apologize .
Maybe he and his fellow House Republicans can burn Beatles records on the South Lawn or something .
New York Senator Chuck Schumer is calling attention to the fact that retinyl palmitate , an ingredient in most sunscreens , was shown to accellerate cancer in lab animals .
If sitting under an umbrella kills you , too , then summer is totally ruined .
SACRAMENTO , Calif .
— Nearly 300 insurers have refused to agree to a moratorium on investments in companies that the California insurance commissioner says do business with Iran , the state agency said .
In February , California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner released a list of 50 companies that he said do business with the Iranian oil , natural gas , nuclear and defense sectors .
Mr. Poizner asked California - licensed insurers to eliminate investments in those companies and pledge by April 2 to avoid such investments in the future .
That prompted five insurance company trade groups to file a petition with the California Office of Administrative Law seeking to invalidate the regulations as illegal .
On Thursday , Mr. Poizner released a list of 296 companies that have refused to agree to the moratorium , including MetLife Inc. , Safeco Corp. and Hartford Financial Services Group Inc .
Mr. Poizner also said the department has disqualified insurers ’ investments in the Iran - related companies from counting toward reserve requirements — amounting to an estimated $ 6 billion of investments .
The insurer trade groups have said Mr. Poizner lacks authority to ban legal investments , particularly for insurers domiciled in other states .
The trade groups also said Mr. Poizner has not articulated the criteria for placing companies on the list of firms doing business in Iran — a list that includes Siemens A.G. , Royal Dutch Shell P.L.C. and Hyundai E&C Co. Ltd .
More than 1,000 insurance companies agreed to the investment moratorium , Mr. Poizner said on Thursday .
Mr. Poizner , who is running in the Republican primary for governor , said that would divert hundreds of millions of investment dollars from these companies in the coming years .
Federal law long has banned direct investments in Iran .
Federal lawmakers are working on legislation that would broaden the scope of those sanctions and extend them to insurers underwriting shipping interests that do business with Iran ’s energy sector .
Israelis Blame Taliban Group , One They Have Been Working With For Years
By Gordon Duff Staff Writer / Senior Editor
Who would have believed it ?
Only days after a warning of an Israeli “ false flag ” bombing against the US “ in the works ” a massive car bomb is discovered in Time Square !
Better yet , though no intelligence organization in the world could discover anyone claiming responsibility for this embarrassing failure , SITE Intelligence , a group rumored as the “ voice of the Mossad ” has placed the blame on the Pakistani Taliban .
This is the same group that has come up with numerous bin Laden “ audio ” tapes , seemingly , though tiny and nearly totally unstaffed , whenever it is convenient for Israel to point a finger at someone , magically Site Intelligence , run by former IDF soldier Rita Katz , whose father was executed as a spy by Saddam Hussein , makes another “ unbelievable ” intelligence find .
Site Intelligence finds are not only timely for Israel , when the world is focused on claims they have been planning a ‘ dirty bomb ’ attack to send the US to war against Iran , but always tend to support mysterious organizations run from the caves of the Afghanistan / Pakistan border region .
SMOKING GUN ?
After the demise of Iraq , victim of falsified intelligence , now eliminated as an Israeli competitor , all eyes turned to Pakistan , Islam ’s only nuclear state .
To establish footholds to destabilize Pakistan , a pro-Indian / Israeli government under President Karzai was installed in Kabul .
After 9 years , no evidence of any terrorist activity involved in 9/11 has been found in Afghanistan .
The great “ net ” meant to catch Osama bin Laden and armies of Al Qaeda terrorists came up empty .
Instead , we are told from reliable sources that Arab nations friendly to the US released criminals , transporting them to Afghanistan .
These “ foreign fighters ” actually little more than “ extras ” in a massive global theatre , kept the small US forces engaged for years , all without any purpose other than to establish that a terrorist organization must have been in Afghanistan because there certainly was one after 2002 .
SURROGATE WARFARE ON PAKISTAN
In addition to installing a government that would work directly with Israel and India to organize terrorist attacks on Pakistan , funding to destabilize the oil and gas rich republics of the former Soviet Union had to be raised .
Opium production under the Taliban had been eliminated .
The new government quickly began a resurgence of opium production and heroin processing .
Aided by agents of the Indian RAW and Israeli Mossad , the governments of Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan quickly fell under the influence of the 65 billion dollar a year Afghanistan drug empire .
Though the drugs may have been from Afghanistan , multiple intelligence agencies from Israel , India , Turkey and others , aided by military contracting firms contracted to the CIA , carried this plan forward .
Continual news stories tying Pakistan to failures to suppress terrorism or rumoring involvement in terrorism themselves flowed onto the world scene through western mainstream media , providing a clear footprint of a classic Mossad operation .
NO SO “ UNEXPECTED ”
With the demise of Al Qaeda , an unnamed Taliban organization with a website only visible to one person on earth has now declared a mysterious and shadowy war against the United States , in New York City , a city under tight security but one with a very large Israeli / Mossad presence .
This was the same city where the “ dancing Israeli’s , ” celebrated 9/11 after filming the attacks .
Their advance knowledge of the attacks has been one of the many puzzle pieces tying Israel to 9/11 .
However , it was n’t until the “ crotch bomber ” of last Christmas that the breadth of Israel ’s penetration of US security was demonstrated with Abdulmohammed ’s attack tying directly to Tel Aviv .
Anyone who visits New York is aware that security there , especially in Time Square is the highest of anywhere in the world .
The intelligence organizations protecting New York , including the world ’s best police force , leave only one organization as capable of this kind of effort , an organization with massive resources in the area , numerous Israeli / American assets and many residual relationships with Gulliani / Kerik / Bush era friends , friends conveniently “ asleep at the switch ” on 9/11 .
TIMING
Recent intelligence leaks from several agencies have warned of an impending “ 9/11 style ” attack on a high value target in the US or Europe .
Reports indicated that a conventional bomb enhanced with nuclear material would be used .
Such a weapon would indicate sufficient “ WMD ” credentials in whipping up the necessary war frenzy to get the American public to overlook the history of falsified intelligence that drove them to war in Afghanistan and Iraq .
However , a quickly thrown together “ prank ” terror attack taking advantage of the environmental disaster in the gulf and the president ’s presence there , when coordinated with the press campaign already in motion attempting to smear the Obama administration with the Katrina failures during the Bush presidency , is just too convenient .
With Iranian president Ahmadinejad and Secretary of State Clinton both scheduled to be in New York in the next 24 hours , and recent stories out of Israel trying to tie Iran to the Taliban , the issue of “ timing ” is a critical one .
The “ managed press ” aspect of this attack , the phony “ web based ” confession , the “ keeping you safe ” scare tactics and the continual drumming of Islamophobia is unmistakable .
ISREAL TIES TO PAKISTAN TALIBAN WELL ESTABLISHED
The group blamed in the Site Intelligence / Israeli report , the Pakistani Taliban has been responsible for hundreds of attacks in Pakistan , killing thousands of citizens .
However , reliable sources have tied this group directly to Mossad / RAW training camps inside Afghanistan and Balochistan .
The Pakistani Taliban have long been allies of Israel and India with 2000 terrorist trainers inside Afghanistan arming Pakistani Taliban terrorist group .
This has been confirmed , not only in direct briefings with the Pakistani ISPR and ISI but US military intelligence sources as well , who dispute the number of terrorist trainers , not their presence .
Terrorist groups inside Balochistan , the remote Pakistan province said to be a haven for Mossad attacks against Iran , claim to be headquartered in Israel .
These groups work directly with the Pakistan Taliban and are another indication of this current “ stunt ” turning back on non-Islamic planners .
ALWAYS THE SAME , “ WHO GAINS ? ”
With Iran taking the propaganda offensive to the United States , a nation increasingly distancing itself from , not only the idea of supporting an Israeli attack on Iran , but Israel herself .
Israel is under pressure to reestablish itself as America ’s partner in a long discredited “ war on terror ” that has been a huge embarrassment to the US .
A “ very public ” attack like his is a message to President Obama .
“ We can go where we want and our control of the press will put the blame on anything we do , on you . ”
With over 90 % of America ’s terror arrests turning out to be innocent bystanders , some tortured for years , untold numbers “ disappeared , ” Bush era failures have soured public support for hunting terrorist leaders who have increasingly been either captured by Pakistan or have been found to be negotiating with US forces .
The “ war on terror ” had become an “ Israeli franchise , ” making billions in increased military aid , some covertly transferred to Israel through “ weapons replenishing ” and fat military contracts taken from American firms .
The Marines in Afghanistan are using MRAP vehicles built in Israel , a country with nearly one million guest workers while America has over 30 million unemployed and an unused technology and industrial base better equipped for such production .
With the signature of this bombing being so close to that of the “ crotch bombing , ” an attack with Israeli fingerprints from Nigeria to Yemen to Amsterdam , the “ superfast ” accusation against a Pakistani group was no surprise .
ONGOING INVESTIGATION /FOX “ ISRAELI ASSET ” NEWS ATTACKS OBAMA
With New York police discounting the Pakistan connection to the bombing immediately , Fox News has unleashed an attack on the Obama administration in a well orchestrated manner , accusing democrats of “ failing to protect the American people . ”
With both Site Intelligence and Fox News tied directly to Israel and the signature and timing of this attack showing clear Israeli fingerprints , Fox may be right .
America may be unable to protect itself from a nation still seen by most Americans as a close ally .
No other nation has the capability of such an attack or the influence to orchestrate the news , an act already in motion .
If any finger is pointing anywhere , Fox News is telling us “ Israel did it . ”
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
Here 's Fran Nevrkla , Chairman and CEO of Phonographic Performance Ltd , a UK music industry association , addressing the group 's AGM .
Some choice morsels :
Thank you , David , and thank you for putting some of those pirates behind bars .
I know that
regrettably capital punishment was abolished in this country some 50 years ago , sad it is , but
a few years in jail is probably pretty OK …
To the industry I would say , we would be well advised to delete two or three words from our
vocabulary entirely and they are ' promotion ' and ' promotional value ' .
There is no such thing
in the 21st Century .
There is usage , there are benefits , hopefully often , if not always to both
sides but there is no favour in it and no indulgence and no promotion .
A North Carolina pastor was relieved of his duties as an honorary chaplain of the state house of representatives after he closed a prayer by invoking the name of Jesus .
“ I got fired , ” said Ron Baity , pastor of Berean Baptist Church in Winston - Salem .
He had been invited to lead prayer for an entire week but his tenure was cut short when he refused to remove the name Jesus from his invocation .
Baity ’s troubles began during the week of May 31 .
He said a House clerk asked to see his prayer .
The invocation including prayers for our military , state lawmakers and a petition to God asking him to bless North Carolina . ”
“ When I handed it to the lady , I watched her eyes and they immediately went right to the bottom of the page and the word Jesus , ” he told FOX News Radio .
“ She said ‘ We would prefer that you not use the name Jesus .
We have some people here that can be offended . ’”
When Baity protested , she brought the matter to the attention of House Speaker Joe Hackney .
Click here for more on this story from FoxRadio.com .
We now have an official winner of our sticker design contest announced in April .
Our old stickers depicting the shackles of DRM went well with Apple 's iPod advertising at the time , but now , with Apple 's new developer licensing agreement and the release of the iBad , their latest restriction , our anti-DRM sticker is in need of an update .
So , without further ado , we are pleased to announce Jeremy Todaro is the winner of our Defective by Design sticker contest for his accurate portrayal of Steve Jobs as Big Brother .
Jeremy is a freelance artist from Wentzville , Missouri who specializes in using free software tools for his work .
Well done Jeremy !
Runner - up prizes will also go to Andreas Marschke , Valessio S. Brito , Diego Trujillo and William Demchick for their contributions .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 3.0 United States License .
Citing reduced electrical demand American Electric Power will keep 10 units off line most of the year .
American Electric Power Inc. , one of the nation 's biggest power generators , says 10 of its smaller , coal - fired generating units will remain off line for much of the year because of lower demand for electricity .
The company said the units will be kept in " extended startup status , " during off - peak months beginning Tuesday .
The plan will allow the company to redeploy workers at several coal - fired units projected to run less frequently over the next few years .
During peak months of July , August and January , these units will be available as they have been in the past .
The recession has dampened demand for electricity , especially from industrial customers .
Electricity demand fell for the past two years , the first time that has happened since 1949 .
Price Wars at Walmart
Wal - Mart is counting on $ 1 ketchup bottles and sub - $ 4 cases of Coke to re-ignite sales in America .
The sharp cuts at U.S. stores , which came ahead of the Memorial Day holiday weekend , have already pushed rivals such as Target into price wars .
And the markdowns are expected to keep coming throughout the summer .
Wal - Mart is bearing the cost of some of the deep price cuts , not its suppliers , according to Bill Pecoriello , an analyst who heads ConsumerEdge Research LLC , based on discussions with industry officials .
According to Pecoriello , on a basket of five food items , from Coke to Lay 's potato chips , the total price was $ 11.23 at Wal - Mart , 24 percent less than it was a year ago .
It 's also almost 14 percent lower than Kroger and almost 26 percent lower than Safeway , according to Pecoriello 's estimates .
The firm gathers pricing data representing 15,000 stores across the country .
That does n't include Wal - Mart 's move to lower cans of name - brand Coke and Pepsi further in the past few days , from the announced discounted price of $ 5 to as low as $ 3.77 in certain markets .
The original price was $ 6.98 for a 24 - pack .
Pecoriello noted in his report that Target was selling 12 packs of soda for $ 2 , roughly matching Wal - Mart 's price , while Kroger was selling 12 packs for $ 2.50 , less than a year ago .
Foreclosure Life Raft
For Alex Pemberton and Susan Reboyras , foreclosure is becoming a way of life — something they did not want but are in no hurry to get out of .
Foreclosure has allowed them to stabilize the family business .
Go to Outback occasionally for a steak .
Take their gas - guzzling airboat out for the weekend .
Visit the Hard Rock Casino .
“ Instead of the house dragging us down , it ’s become a life raft , ” said Mr. Pemberton , who stopped paying the mortgage on their house here last summer .
“ It ’s really been a blessing . ”
The average borrower in foreclosure has been delinquent for 438 days before actually being evicted , up from 251 days in January 2008 , according to LPS Applied Analytics .
More than 650,000 households had not paid in 18 months , LPS calculated earlier this year .
With 19 percent of those homes , the lender had not even begun to take action to repossess the property — double the rate of a year earlier .
In some states , including California and Texas , lenders can pursue foreclosures outside of the courts .
With the lender in control , the pace can be brisk .
But in Florida , New York and 19 other states , judicial foreclosure is the rule , which slows the process substantially .
In Pinellas and Pasco counties , which include St. Petersburg and the suburbs to the north , there are 34,000 open foreclosure cases , said J. Thomas McGrady , chief judge of the Pinellas - Pasco Circuit .
Ten years ago , the average was about 4,000 .
“ The volume is killing us , ” Judge McGrady said .
Even without the burden of paying $ 938 a month for her decaying house , Mrs. Pemberton is having a tough time .
Most of her customers are senior citizens who pay only $ 8 for a cut , and they are spacing out their visits .
“ The longer I ’m in foreclosure , the better , ” she said .
In Florida , the average property spends 518 days in foreclosure , second only to New York ’s 561 days .
Defense attorneys stress they can keep this number high .
Both generations of Pembertons have hired a local lawyer , Mark P. Stopa .
He sends out letters — 1,700 in a recent week — to Floridians who have had a foreclosure suit filed against them by a lender .
Even if you have “ no defenses , ” the form letter says , “ you may be able to keep living in your home for weeks , months or even years without paying your mortgage . ”
For borrowers like Jim Tsiogas , the benefits of not paying now outweigh any worries about the future .
“ I stopped paying in August 2008 , ” said Mr. Tsiogas , who is in foreclosure on his house and two rental properties .
“ I told the lady at the bank , ‘ I ca n’t afford $ 2,500 .
I can only afford $ 1,300 . ’ ”
One and a Half Years of Not Paying Rent
Los presidentes de los Consejos Municipales Electorales de Reynosa y Tampico , en Tamaulipas , descartan que la desbandada de los funcionarios ponga en riesgo el proceso electoral
Reynosa , Tamaulipas | Viernes 02 de julio de 2010
Julio Manuel L Guzm�n | El Universal
15:23
Rally driver Ken Block is currently gearing up to film his next gymkhana video using a righteously bad - ass Ford Fiesta .
Want to win a trip to the set and score some cool free gear ?
Of course you do !
Here 's how .
This is what you need to do : First , watch this video .
Ken will lay it all out and tell you what 's what .
Once you 're done with that , hit up this DC shoes page and register for the contest , being sure to fill in the key questions at the bottom .
After that , you get to sit in your house , stare at the walls , watch paint dry , file your nails , listen to a bunch of sad ELO songs while being all S.B.* , and pray that your entry gets chosen .
Advertisement
Oh , one more thing : the best comment in this post — this very post !
right here !
right now ! — gets a Monster World Rally Team hoodie and hat , courtesy of Monster and MWRT dude extraordinaire Brian Scotto .
Get crackin' !
* This is a movie reference .
If someone gets it , I 'll mail them something awesome from my stash of weird car stuff .
Or maybe just something weird from my stash of awesome car stuff .
Whatever .
Ken and Scotto have put me in a giving mood .
Give !
In May of 1974 , after reading through a pilot script written by John Cleese and his then - wife , Connie Booth , a clearly unimpressed ‘ comedy script editor ’ by the name of Ian Main sent the following memo to BBC Television ‘s Head of Comedy and Light Entertainment .
Luckily for the general population , and thanks in no small part to the persistence of Cleese and Booth , Main ’s opinion was ultimately ignored by his superiors and a year later the script had evolved into a programme which to this day is considered one of the funniest ever to grace our screens .
The show was Fawlty Towers .
Speaking in 2009 , John Cleese said of this very memo , “ It just shows you people have no idea what they are doing . ”
( This memo , along with 124 other fascinating pieces of correspondence , can be found in the bestselling book , Letters of Note , reproduced with permission of the BBC . )
Transcript
From : Comedy Script Editor , Light Entertainment , Television
Room No. & Building : 4009 TC
Tel. Ext. : 2900
date : 29.5.1974 .
Subject : “ FAWLTY TOWERS ” BY JOHN CLEESE & CONNIE BOOTH
To : H.C.L.E.
I ’m afraid I thought this one as dire as its title .
It ’s a kind of “ Prince of Denmark ” of the hotel world .
A collection of cliches and stock characters which I ca n’t see being anything but a disaster .
( Signed , ‘ I.M. ’) ( Ian Main ) CF
‘ Erotic Dungeon ’ Priest On Run From Police
A priest who was allegedly sexually abusing minors in his “ erotic dungeon ” is wanted by Brazilian police but has gone missing .
A 16 - year - old boy accused the Polish - born cleric of handcuffing and assaulting him , and an arrest warrant has been issued , CNN reports .
The judge in the case says Marcin Michal Strachanowski has a “ compulsive attraction to having sex with adolescents . ”
According to Brazil ’s Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper , the priest could not be found Friday morning .
The newspaper reported that a 16 - year old alleged victim told investigators that after being frequently raped by the priest , he was forced to remain silent and was threatened regularly .
Quoting his court statements , the newspaper reported that a criminal judge , Alexandre Abrahao Dias Teixeira , said police investigations revealed the profile of a man with a “ compulsive attraction to having sex with adolescents ” and that he had allegedly turned his parish residence into an “ erotic dungeon ” where he forced boys to have sex with him .
A BIG THANKS TO OUR FRIENDS AT NEWSER
Horror film director completes “ Basket Case ” reunion
Pittsburgh , PA – June 2 , 2010 – Cult horror film director Frank Henenlotter will be making a rare convention appearance at Horror Realm in Pittsburgh on September 17 - 19 , 2010 .
Henenlotter , a native of Long Island , New York , has provided horror fans some of the most memorable movies in the last 30 years .
His work includes three Basket Case movies , Brain Damage , Frankenhooker , Son of Psycho , Lurid Women and most recently Bad Biology .
Henenlotter joins actors Kevin Van Hentenryck , Terri Susan Smith and Beverly Bonner for a Basket Case reunion .
In other Horror Realm news :
- The convention also welcomes back Dawn of the Dead alumnus Frank Serrao as a guest in 2010 .
- Convention management regrets to announce that due to miscommunication between multiple booking representatives and multiple conventions , John Saxon will not be appearing at Horror Realm .
- Magic Hat Brewing Company has just signed on as sponsor of Horror Realm ’s monster costume ball , which will be on Saturday , September 18 after show hours .
Magic
Hat will be the exclusive beer served at the ball as well as the convention foyer bar .
Details on the costume ball will be coming soon .
- Horror Realm is pleased to announce that the 2011 convention will be held on September 16 - 18 , once again at the Crowne Plaza Pittsburgh South .
Horror Realm will be held from September 17 to 19 , 2010 at the Crowne Plaza Pittsburgh South , located five miles south of downtown Pittsburgh .
The convention includes a dealer room with horror themed vendors , celebrity guests for panel discussions and autograph signings , horror author discussion panels , film program including the Pittsburgh Film Workers Association Short Film Contest & Awards show , monster costume ball and contests .
For more information , visit www.horrorrealmcon.com.
If you thought True Blood took last week off to take stock and start pulling back from this season ’s turn for the bizarrely kinky , you thought wrong .
While last night featured some familiar human drama —
Sookie ’s first breakup , Jason coming to terms with his obsolescence , Tommy ’s raw deal with life — for the most part , things got even weirder than we anticipated .
( In our defense , there ’s really no way to predict a werewolf communion delivered in German . )
One woman after the other got bitten , tortured , and branded in separate story lines .
There ’s usually a difference between the highly sexualized , twisted gore of True Blood and , say , the Saw franchise .
But last night , the Nazi references , Eucharist , racism , theme of despair ( apparently if you glamour a girl , she ’s bound to tell you love is doomed and people only disappoint ) , collective screams , and seared female flesh did n’t seem to be building toward a point other than shock .
There was one pleasant surprise : Sookie was suddenly charming and abloom with one - liners and we actually wanted to see what Bill did next .
Putting some distance between those two was genius .
La Femme Sookita
In the middle of tending to Alcide ’s naked shoulder ( you have to be pretty inarticulate to have a torso like that and still be the least compelling thing in the room ) , Sookie gets a breakup call from Bill .
Sook , you had us at “ shut the fuck up ” in response to Bill ’s flat delivery that he was ( a ) leaving her , and ( b ) had just fucked Lorena “ like only two vampires can . ”
Our girl was on a tear of impeccable comic timing and actual , you know , acting .
Alcide waxes poetic , “ No matter how well you think you know somebody , they can just turn around and kick you right in the nutsack . ”
Sookie responds , “ I do n’t have a nutsack !
And Bill , he ’s risked everything for me , ” with a chin crumple that would do Angela Chase proud .
Rather than wallow in her misery , she decides Bill probably said those things under duress .
She calls up Alcide ’s sister Janice to press on some fake tattoos and loan her the black wig , leather pants , and halter top that every Mississippi hairdresser on a house call no doubt carries in her purse so Sookie can sneak into Lou Pine ’s unrecognized .
She gets resourceful and manages to read Janice ’s mind without giving away her powers , and discovers that Debbie Pelt , Alcide ’s ex , is now hooked on V .
Franklin Mott : Kidnapper , Psychopath , Lover of Good Fruit
On the staircase at Gran ’s house , Franklin glamours Tara into telling him Sookie ’s whereabouts .
He has her call Sookie to get an address in Jackson , and he and Tara do a creepy mirror - mime routine where she ’s forced to parrot what he wants her to say .
Tara tries to escape , and Franklin unleashes his sizable fangs and plunges them into her neck .
For once , getting bitten looks more painful than sexy .
Next thing you know , she ’s tied up on the toilet of his motel .
Franklin buys his new love daisies and then tapes them to her hand .
He takes her , still hogtied , on a one - sided joyride up to Jackson to try to introduce her to his employer : Edgington .
We love Franklin , although turning him into a lonely , kidnapping coot is less fun than just cool , collected , and dastardly .
But what does Tara have to do to catch a break ?
Bite count : Tara , and it sounded like it hurt .
Sookie and Eric ’s Nordic Dream Sequence
Dang , thwarted again .
No big surprise , but the Sookie and Eric sex scene from this season ’s previews was just a dream .
Still , it ’s unexpectedly whimsical .
Eric shows up hovering outside Sookie ’s window , in what has to be a nod to David Arquette in the original Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Sookie asks if all vampires can fly , and Eric counters with “ can all humans sing ? ” “ Are you kidding ?
I could n’t carry a tune in a bucket with a lid on it , ” she sasses back .
Before throwing him on the bed , Sookie tells Eric he “ smells like the ocean and winter , ” probably from his childhood playing by the North Sea .
This time , the fantasy was Eric ’s ( daydreaming while Yvetta gyrated ) , which means in his wildest fantasies , Sookie spouts folksy aphorisms and “ smells [ his ] memories . ”
Wow .
Booty count :
Only in our dreams .
If That Torture Wheel Could Talk
The Magister raids Fangtasia — on a tip from Russell Edgington — and finds a cooler full of V .
He corners Pam in the basement , whose outfit this week is circa J.Lo ’s Diddy years , and clamps her into the same torture device that previously held Lafayette and Yvetta .
Eric flies to her rescue , but the dour bureaucrat has been itching for an inquisition and does n’t buy his excuse that he was framed .
The Magister runs the silver tip of his old - fashioned torture stick ( the other end is a stake ) against Pam ’s sternum until she cries out that the real culprit is Bill .
Eric goes along with it , and pretends he ’s in the middle of an investigation .
The Magister gives him two days and a Crucible reference , or Pam dies .
Werewolf Communion , Spooky , Scary
Alcide agrees to escort Sookie to Lou Pine ’s to see Debbie ’s initiation into the Fuck You Crew .
Sookie ’s disguise works , although that speaks poorly for the pack ’s sense of smell .
Debbie , who looks like she was transported from the front row of a Warrant concert , is kind of a bitch .
She taunts Alcide and his “ pussy pack ” ( even the bikers grimace at that one ) and calls Sookie a skank .
( You can put a femme fatale wig on a Sookie , but you ca n’t stop her speechifying on behalf of true love . )
Based on a few grunts from Alcide , she discerns that he ’s here to save Debbie .
But Debbie ’s not buying it ; instead , she crowd surfs to the front of the stage to start the ritual and prove to Alcide that she ’s with Cooter now .
The king has impeccable timing and walks onstage ( in Bono ’s wardrobe ) just in time .
The crowd of bikers all but hail at their master , who bites himself and then , essentially , gives them communion with shots of his blood .
“ Now you shall drink the dark wine of our ancestors , ” he says in German ( lest we forget the pack ’s Nazi roots ) , with strains of choir music in the background .
After they drink , Edgington sears Debbie with a branding iron .
Then , Cooter turns into a wolf and licks her wounds .
To the happy couple !
Just when we were about to call bullshit about a bunch of juiced - up weres staying human , the crowd starts shifting , even Alcide .
We hope Sookie can still run fast in leather pants .
Booty count : Crowd surfing across a biker bar full of weres ?
We think it ’s safe to assume someone got handsy .
Bite count : Edgington biting himself .
Meanwhile , at Merlotte ’s …
Things move a little slower back in Bon Temps .
Arlene ’s still pregnant .
Jessica , who ’s the restaurant ’s new hostess , is still having trouble reconciling her old life with her new one .
( Hoyt catches her glamouring a Bible Study friend and thinks she ’s moved on . )
And Jason still wants to be a cop .
His first act of policing is the underage quarterback who is about to break his football record .
“ Ten years from now , there ’s going to be a version of you , ten years younger doing the same to you — and then who you gonna be ? ”
Amped up from getting out a fully formed thought , he decides to blackmail Andy Bellefleur , the town ’s new sheriff , into speeding up his application process .
The real drama on the home front was from the Mickens clan .
They got kicked out of their house and they ’re sleeping in Merlotte ’s parking lot .
Sam feels bad for escaping his parents when Tommy could n’t and wants to help , but Tommy explains it ’s all or nothing .
“ You do n’t get it , my folks are fucked up , but they ca n’t get by without me . ”
Sam agrees to house them temporarily as long as baby brother can stop stealing and daddy stops drinking .
Good luck with that .
As many of you predicted from last week ’s comments , it looks like Joe Lee will soon be outted as a Tommy ’s abuser .
“ Let ’s Go , RuPaul ”
Lafayette ’s got a new ride , a cooler full of V , and a fresh lease on life .
He drives by the same house where Andy and Jason made a drug bust last week to try to convince one of the guys to buy some V from Eric ’s stash off of him .
( The girl Jason spied in the woods is his daughter . )
Lafayette makes a hard sell , but he ’s not buying .
“ Now you look , son , black ’s polite ’s in short supply around here , it ’s time you get your ass home . ”
It ’s the second reference to racial tension in Bon Temps ( the first was Kenya saying killing a black man gets you a promotion ) .
Just as a bunch of rednecks come out of the woodwork ( that car is too shiny a toy for a small town ) , Eric swoops in and saves the day .
Bill Gets Badder
Well , whodathunkit , Bill Compton has a dark side .
Disgusted with himself after breaking Sookie ’s heart over the phone , he orders Lorena out of the room .
When she squeals with delight about how she ’ll spend the next 40 years making him love her again ( Jesus , woman , get some self - respect ! ) , he punches her face into the next room .
Russell threatens him and gets him to spill more details about the queen .
Turns out he was a “ procurer ” for Sophie Anne for 35 years .
( Presumably , he ’s the one who brought Sookie ’s cousin . )
He met Sookie “ on a break , ” which might finally get us to the matter of that file now in Franklin ’s possession .
He gives up the goods on Eric and Sophie selling V , then negotiates his own terms : Lorena ’s death .
The king is so pleased that he wants to celebrate , which means driving a limo to a strip club and having Bill procure them an “ ethnic ” treat .
You can make a bad boy out of Bill , but you ca n’t stop him from wondering about love either .
The stripper , Anne or Destiny — depending on how many times you ask — and Bill are on the same wavelength .
“ I know the truth about love life , ” she says .
“ It ’s a hell I ’ll never get out of alive . ”
Just as Bill walks the girl out to her doom , he senses Sookie ’s fear at nearby Lou Pine ’s , but ignores it .
The king and Lorena start feasting , Anne screams , and Bill joins them .
The episode closes with pools of blood dripping from the limo into the gutter to the dulcet vocal stylings of Damien Rice .
Bite count :
We tried to lose track .
Other Recaps :
The L.A. Times ’ Show Tracker called last night “ an outstanding showcase ” for Sookie and thinks an Emmy might be in order for Anna Paquin .
The Wall Street Journal ’s Speakeasy blog agreed with us about the torture porn vibe and thinks Russell has emerged as this season ’s Big Bad .
Entertainment Weekly ’s hoping that “ Franklin is n’t all bad , even though he ’s trying to force Tara to be his bride because he ’s lonely . ”
Sherdog.com :
Do you remember the first fight that you were ever in and what happened ?
Sherdog.com :
Is your instinct still to check on an injured opponent ?
Sherdog.com :
But you came on in the Antoni Hardonk fight at UFC 104 really strong .
There was a definite streak to finish in that fight .
File Photo/ Sherdog.com
Barry is a fan of Cro Cop .
Sherdog.com :
How did you get into fighting then ?
Sherdog.com :
What do you mean by always wanting to be a ninja ?
Sherdog.com : I remember hearing a quote from you that at one point Cro Cop was on your top five guys you did not want to ever fight .
Who was one , two , three , four ?
Help Add Some Cogs to The Machinery of Freedom
David Friedman is close to putting together a 3.0 version of his classic tome .
And if you have any ideas as to what he should include or subtract , he ’d like to hear them :
The following is my tentative list of chapters for the new Part V ; I am interested in suggestions both with regard to what is there that should n’t be and what is not there that should .
A positive account of Property Rights
A World of Strong Privacy
Problems with Ayn Rand
National Defense : Further Thoughts on a Hard Problem
Market Failure , Considered as an Argument For and Against Government
Lessons from Other Legal Systems
Capitalist Trucks
The Economics of Virtue and Vice
The Weak Case for Public Schooling
Welfare and Immigration
Anarchy and Efficient Law
Yogi said predictions about the future are hard , but I ’d like to see Friedman play with a crystal ball , offering thoughts about what technologies might help us get from here to there .
Or , horror , the reverse and worse .
( His Future Imperfect touches on these issues . )
In fact , I ’d love to see an update for the section , “ How to Get There From Here , ” because in the old editions he said the way was education , education , education .
In other words , folk activism .
Now that we know the grain in the crooked timber of humanity a little better , its biases and irrationalities , I wonder if he might change his tune ?
Education helps of course –something paved the way for the neo-liberal revolution and the original edition was published when there was still a draft .
In retrospect , it ’s easy to take that for granted .
But still .
New York ( CNN ) --
The buyer of the sport-utility vehicle used in a failed attempt to set off a car bomb in New York 's Times Square is considered a potential suspect in the case , a law enforcement source said Monday .
The buyer is a naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan , but investigators are looking at more than one person in connection with the unsuccessful bombing , the source said .
A bomb made of propane tanks , fertilizer and gasoline failed to detonate inside the Nissan Pathfinder , which had been left in the heart of Midtown Manhattan on Saturday night .
The vehicle had been sold three weeks ago in a cash deal with no paperwork exchanged , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN earlier Monday .
A seller in Connecticut put the Nissan Pathfinder up for sale through the online classified ad site Craigslist and sold it to a buyer who paid $ 1,800 for the vehicle , the source told CNN .
The registered owner is not a suspect in the bombing attempt , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Monday .
The seller described the buyer as a man in his late 20s to early 30s , and investigators are checking into phone records between the two , the source said .
i Report : Were you there ?
Share pics , videos
A video obtained from a tourist in the area shows a person apparently running north on Broadway .
Another video shows a balding man with dark hair removing a shirt and putting it in a bag before walking out of view of the camera , which was inside a restaurant .
" These are not suspects , " Kelly said .
" These are people we would like to speak to . "
Investigators are examining phone records of businesses that sell some of the bomb 's components and chasing leads in " several locations " on the East Coast and beyond , a federal law enforcement official told CNN .
The official would not say whether any of the leads were in other countries , and cautioned that the investigation could take " a few more days or weeks . "
New York police have been examining the device for clues such as fingerprints , hair and fibers since Saturday .
The vehicle and bomb components were taken to the FBI 's forensic laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , on Monday , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday evening .
Kevin Barry , a former New York bomb squad member , said the device had " no known signature " -- a style of construction that might link it to known terrorist groups .
That suggests it was the work of either an individual or a new organization , said Barry , who is now an adviser to the International Association of Bomb Technicians and Investigators .
Barry said the detonating mechanism lacked the energy needed to properly set off the explosion .
Jim Cavanaugh , a former agent with the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , called the bomb " a Rube Goldberg contraption " that would have been difficult to set off .
" That does not mean that the bomb 's not deadly , " Cavanaugh said .
Someone close by could be hurt or killed .
" But it 's not a very reliable working system , a fusing and firing system , at all , " he said .
The question of who was behind the failed bomb attempt was the subject of scrutiny Monday .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder said investigators have some good leads , but he declined to elaborate .
Kelly said it was too early to say whether the attempt was carried out by a lone person , international terrorists , or any other type of network .
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud appeared on a video released less than 24 hours after the attempt , claiming Taliban fighters were prepared to inflict " extremely painful blows " in major U.S. cities .
But a senior U.S. military official said Monday there is no credible evidence at the early stages of the investigation that the Pakistani Taliban was responsible for the Times Square incident .
Another U.S. official with direct awareness of the latest U.S. understanding of the incident said the Pakistani group has never shown " trans- national capabilities " like other groups , such as al Qaeda .
But such a possibility is " not something one can rule out at this early stage , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information .
Pakistan 's Taliban movement has been linked to a 2008 plot to blow up subway stations in the Spanish city of Barcelona , and at least two of the 11 men convicted in the plot came to Barcelona from Pakistan , Spanish prosecutors said .
Times Square evacuation captured on iPhone
One counterintelligence official told CNN there was no evidence of any communications among terrorist organizations overseas about the device after Saturday night 's attempt .
" People overseas were not giving high fives ... or saying anything about the bomb not working , " the official said .
" There is no indication that there was that kind of tie . "
Cavanaugh said the bomber could have been " internationally inspired , " but the device showed little sign that a group like al Qaeda was behind it .
" Their bombs would be better funded , better fused , better materials , better knowledge , " he said .
- CNN's Deborah Feyerick , Susan Candiotti , Barbara Starr and Terry Frieden contributed to this report
More Animals Are Dying , but the Causes Have Not Yet Been Determined
As of Aug. 16 , more than 7,000 birds , sea turtles and dolphins have been found dead or debilitated in the gulf since the oil spill began .
A majority of the dead were not visibly oiled , and officials have yet to determine why they died .
But they have confirmed that many more animals are dying than during the same time period in previous years .
Related article »
Sea Turtles Found alive Found dead Total found Visibly oiled 444 17 461
Not visibly oiled 63 510 573 Officials have found more than twice the number of stranded sea turtles than normally found this time of year .
A majority have been a species called Kemp ’s ridley , one of four that are endangered in the gulf , and among the smallest and rarest of sea turtles .
Most of the dead are not visibly oiled .
Some suspect that shrimpers are causing the increased deaths by not using devices that prevent turtles from getting trapped in nets and drowning .
Dolphins Found alive Found dead Total found Visibly oiled 1 5 6 Not visibly oiled 4 67 71 More dolphins have been found dead or debilitated since the start of the spill than are usually found at this time of year .
In previous spills , dolphins have been observed swimming in oiled waters .
Like whales and sea turtles , dolphins surface to breathe air , and scientists think that the dolphins may be inhaling toxic chemicals from the oil .
A majority of those found have been bottlenose dolphins , the best - known species and one commonly seen in zoos .
Birds Found alive Found dead Total found Visibly oiled 1,924 1,886 3,810
Not visibly oiled 0 2,333 2,333
Most of the birds recovered have been brown pelicans , the state bird of Louisiana , which was recently removed from the endangered species list .
Biologists say the birds dive into oil because the slick makes water look calmer .
While pelicans are large , and thus easier to find , many smaller birds harmed by oil may never be found .
The hardest - hit species in Mississippi , Alabama and Florida has been the northern gannet , which spends most of its life over open water .
Data in tables are as of Aug. 16 .
There were an additional 14 dead birds that have been found for which it has not yet been determined if they were oiled .
Numbers include all injured or dead fish and wildlife collected by officials from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or NOAA in the area impacted by the oil spill .
Not all of deaths or injuries were necessarily caused by the Deepwater Horizon incident , and some of those found dead may have been oiled after death .
The higher than expected numbers of animals found may be caused in part by the increased number of workers evaluating the spill area .
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ( left ) speaks with various state insurance commissioners and insurance industry executives in the Roosevelt Room of the White House .
First victim of health care overhaul ?
A Virginia - based insurance company says “ considerable uncertainties ” created by the Democrats ’ health care overhaul will force it to close its doors by the end of the year .
The firm , nHealth , appears to be the first to claim that the new law has driven it out of business .
“ We do n’t know what the rules are going to be , and , as a start - up , our investors need certainty , ” nHealth CEO and President Paul Kitchen told POLITICO .
“ The law created so much uncertainty that is beyond our control . ”
Advertisement
Last week , in a letter to the company ’s 50 or so employees , Executive Vice President James Slabaugh said nHealth has stopped accepting new group customers and will terminate all business by Dec. 31 .
“ The uncertainties in the regulatory climate coupled with new demands imposed by national health care reforms have made it challenging to sustain the level of sales required to remain viable over the long run , ” Slabaugh wrote .
The company ’s finger - pointing — first reported by the newspaper Richmond BizSense — must be read with caution :
For years , employers and health insurance brokers have struggled to keep pace with steeply rising health care costs .
Asked about nHealth ’s decision to shut down , a White House aide said , “ It ’s difficult to comment on this case without fully evaluating the company in question . ”
The blame game — whether health reform can be held responsible for the continuing woes of an already struggling system — will very likely become a familiar plotline as the health overhaul takes effect and political parties vie for control of the narrative .
President Barack Obama dives back into the fray Tuesday , traveling to a senior center in Wheaton , Md. , for a national tele - town hall on health care .
NHealth opened for business about 2 ½ years ago and was named in October 2008 one of the “ Greater Richmond Companies to Watch ” by a local business group .
Kitchen estimates the company has about 100 small - business contracts providing policies to “ thousands ” of subscribers .
NHealth specializes in high - deductible insurance plans , meant to cover larger medical emergencies , that are paired with health savings accounts , the tax - deductible accounts used to pay for medical expenses .
HSAs have grown dramatically since they were authorized in the 2003 Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act .
There were about 1 million enrollees in 2005 .
Now there are about 10 million , according to a May 2010 report from the industry group America ’s Health Insurance Plans .
HSAs are a favorite of conservative health economists , who see the plans as a way to control costs by leaving spending decisions to individual consumers .
Others have criticized the plans as discouraging cost - saving behavior such as preventive care .
In an interview with POLITICO , Kitchen said the impact of health reform on his business is twofold .
First , it created an uncertain future .
With regulations yet to be written and rules constantly forthcoming , he said , “ everything felt beyond our control . ”
Second , Kitchen is apprehensive about a more regulated insurance market .
The health reform law requires insurance companies to spend a certain amount of premium dollars on medical costs and , in many cases , bans lifetime limits on medical coverage .
Kitchen said he was uncertain whether nHealth would be able to comply .
“ The rules changed in the middle of the game , ” Kitchen said .
“ We ’re not willing to wander into that environment . ”
The White House aide agreed that the rules will change , but in ways that benefit consumers .
Stricter regulations will ultimately guarantee better coverage for subscribers .
The medical loss ratio regulation , for example , will ensure that insurers spend a certain percentage of subscriber dollars on medical costs rather than administrative expenses .
“ The Affordable Care Act sets new standards for insurance coverage that protect consumers and ensure they get the most for their premium dollar , ” the aide said .
“ Insurers should have no problem meeting those standards , which do not require action until 2012 .
And starting in 2014 , the insurance industry will have millions of new customers . ”
Even without the health reform law , small health insurance firms were operating in a financially challenging landscape .
Employers have become increasingly likely to consider dropping coverage as premiums have risen , according to annual surveys by the National Small Business Association .
As far back as 2008 , a Citigroup survey showed “ more insurers were raising premiums at a faster rate than those who reported slowing increases , ” according to a Wall Street Journal article at the time .
Classic Comic Ad : GI Joe Trading Cards
| By
Here ’s another blast from the past , a classic comic ad for GI Joe trading cards .
The interesting thing about these cards is that they appear to be based off of the GI Joe comics , more so than the toys .
Not that there is anything wrong with that ( they were being advertised in a Marvel comic no less ) but 1991 sure seemed like a late time to be trying cards based off the comics .
They were made by a company called Impel which I do n’t recall doing much else , but I ’ve never followed cards much .
Israeli settlers and their organizations control some 42 percent of West Bank land , even though the settlements ' built - up area is just one per cent of the territory , the Israel B'tselem Human Rights Organization said in a report released Tuesday .
Even though some 66 percent of the settlements ' built - up areas are defined as being on " state land , " B'tselem found that " allocation of this land for settlements was only possible through a manipulative interpretation of all relevant laws in force in the West Bank . "
Open gallery view Construction in the settlement of Yakir , near Ariel .
Credit : Moti Milrod
The report titled By Hook and by Crook : Israel 's Settlement Policy in the West Bank found that in taking over these lands , those responsible for Israeli settlements have " treated international law , local legislation , Israeli military orders , and Israeli law in an instrumental , cynical , and even criminal manner . "
Although Israel declares it is building settlements on state - owned land , B'tselem says it cross- referenced data from Israel 's Civil Administration for the West Bank with aerial photographs and discovered that 21 per ent of the settlements ' built up areas lie on private Palestinian land .
The B'tselem report is based on official state reports and documents , among them army and Civil Administration maps , state comptroller 's reports and a data base set up by Brigadier Baruch Spiegel , a former official in Israel 's Ministry of Defense .
According to B'tselem , the Ministry of Justice , asked to comment on the report , replied that state will not respond to the report " in light of its political nature " .
Watch the latest video at video.
foxnews.com
" Why Palestinians Ca n’t Buy Land . "
Fox ’s Reena Ninan interviews the director of Ir Amim , Yudith Oppenheimer , and is told to [ expletive deleted ] by Jlem mayor Nir Barkat .
We turn your android app development idea in reality , economically
Rapidsoft Technologies is proud to provide a complete range of native Android app development services .
These apps are created from the scratch with utilizing the advantages of Android ’s rich features and functions .
Our experts are able to do customization the way clients .
We do n’t believe on cookie cutter solutions because at the end of day , apps based on such solutions will not able to perform well .
The estate tax came a step closer to being revived late today when the Senate defeated a move to permanently repeal it .
But foes of the tax hope to use it to score more success in the fall elections .
The estate tax disappeared for 2010 , in one of the final steps of President George W. Bush ’s 10 - year tax - cut measure .
But next year , when the Bush tax cuts expire , the estate tax springs back to life — at its pre-2001 level of 55 % .
Wednesday ’s amendment to repeal the estate tax was offered by Sen. Jim DeMint ( R. , S.C. ) , in the midst of debate on a bill to extend jobless benefits .
The amendment failed by a wide margin of 39 - 59 .
The vote was almost entirely on party lines , although two Democrats – Sens. Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas and Ben Nelson of Nebraska – joined Republicans in voting “ yes . ”
Other Democrats criticized Republicans for supporting estate - tax repeal that would benefit the well - to - do , while withholding support for extended unemployment benefits if they are n’t offset with budget savings elsewhere .
The estate tax has lost a little of its luster for Republicans in the wake of the economic downturn ; a bipartisan effort in Congress to lower future estate tax rates has largely gone quiet for now , as lawmakers focus on keeping the economic recovery alive .
But the estate tax –- or “ death tax , ” as critics term it -– remains an emotional issue for some voters .
In the current antitax environment , it could become a sleeper issue in some races , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s re-election bid in Nevada .
Estate - tax opponents view Reid as a main obstacle to estate - tax relief .
They ’ve been eyeing his race as one where the estate tax could help persuade small - business owners .
Reid ’s opponent , Sharron Angle , signed a pledge this week to work for repeal .
Public health disasters were as numerous during the twentieth century as they were before French chemist Louis Pasteur discovered that bacteria caused illnesses in 1860 .
During the previous century , diseases that killed thousands of people did not have cures , but they were treated with newly developed vaccines .
Other diseases were caused by man-made situations and now are prevented , and other diseases still do not have a cure nor a vaccine .
The top ten public health disasters during the 20th century include all those issues , and are listed below in alphabetical order .
Prior to 1900 - Present — Black Lung Disease : Hundreds of thousands of American miners have suffered and died from black lung disease ( also known as “ coal worker ’s pneumoconiosis ) , a respiratory illness caused by the inhalation of coal mine dust .
The combined failure of government , medicine , and industry to halt the spread of this disease — and even to acknowledge its existence — resulted in a national tragedy , the effects of which are still being felt today .
Black lung disease usually affects workers over age 50 .
There is no cure for this disease , but it can be prevented by avoiding breathing in coal dust .
After activism , Congress legalized the term “ black lung ” as a synonym for that disease in Title IV of the Coal Mine Act .
It was the first time that Congress had mandated that an occupational disease occurring in a major industry must be eradicated .
Congress also established the black lung benefits program , the first and only federal compensation statute to compensate victims of occupational diseases .
1916 , 1952 — Polio : Polio occurred primarily in July , August , and September and hit regardless of geographic region , economic status , or population density .
Relatively few people showed any symptoms and even fewer died or experienced paralysis , but the physical effects were dramatic .
Communities reacted with dread because no one understood how or why people got it , and because children were the most frequently affected .
Over 7,000 deaths and more than 27,000 cases reported in America ’s worst polio ( infantile paralysis ) epidemic in the U.S. New York City experienced the first large epidemic of polio , with over 9,000 cases and 2,343 deaths .
When the epidemic in the United States peaked in 1952 , polio had struck nearly 58,000 people , mainly children and young adults .
In that year , the U.S. reported 57,000 cases with 3,300 reported dead .
In the three years between 1955 and 1957 , the incidence of polio in the U.S. fell by 85 – 90 percent with the widespread use of Salk ’s polio vaccine .
1918 — Spanish Influenza : More people were hospitalized worldwide during World War I ( WWI ) from influenza than from wounds , and this flu killed more people than the war itself — somewhere between 20 and 40 million people worldwide .
US
Army training camps became death camps with 80 percent death rate in some camps , and this pandemic is cited as killing more people in a single year than in four years of the Black Death Bubonic Plague from 1347 to 1351 .
Symptoms in 1918 were so unusual that initially influenza was misdiagnosed as dengue , cholera , or typhoid .
One observer wrote , “ One of the most striking of the complications was hemorrhage from mucous membranes , especially from the nose , stomach , and intestine .
Bleeding from the ears and petechial hemorrhages in the skin also occurred . ”
1941 , 1962-65 — Rubella ( German Measles ) : Rubella ( which means “ little red ” and is also known as German measles ) originally was though to be a variant of measles .
It is a mild disease in children and adults , but can cause devastating problems if it infects the fetus , especially if infection is in the first few weeks of pregnancy .
Children who are infected with rubella before birth are at risk for growth retardation ; mental retardation ; malformations of the heart and eyes ; deafness ; and liver , spleen , and bone marrow problems .
Worldwide between 1962 - 65 , this disease affected as many as 12.5 million causing deafness , blindness ; approximately 30,000 babies in USA alone due to maternal rubella .
Rubella can be prevented by the rubella vaccine .
Widespread immunization against rubella is critical to controlling the spread of the disease , thereby preventing birth defects caused by congenital rubella syndrome .
1957 -1958 — Asian Flu : Victims of this flu strain ( subtype H2N2 ) experience fatigue , aches and pains and fever that can last two weeks .
Experts identified the pandemic first in wild ducks the Far East in February 1957 before it mutated with the existing human flu strain .
The virus first made its way to the U.S. in the summer of 1957 where it would account for 70,000 deaths .
Although infection rates were highest among children and pregnant women , the elderly suffered the highest rates of death .
1961 -1970 — Cholera :
There are references to deaths due to dehydrating diarrhea — one of the symptoms of cholera — dating back to Hippocrates and Sanskrit writings .
In 1961 , the “ El Tor ” biotype ( distinguished from classic biotypes by the production of hemolysins ) reemerged and produced a major epidemic in the Philippines to initiate a seventh global pandemic in 1961 .
In the United States , cholera was prevalent in the 1800s but has been virtually eliminated by modern sewage and water treatment systems .
However , as a result of improved transportation , more persons from the United States travel to parts of Latin America , Africa , or Asia where epidemic cholera is occurring .
U.S. travelers to areas with epidemic cholera may be exposed to the bacterium .
In addition , travelers may bring contaminated seafood back to the United States .
The CDC carries information for travelers .
1968-69 — ‘ Hong Kong ’ Flu :
This flu ( H3N2 ) often is confused with the common cold , but symptoms ( high fever , joint pain , lack of energy ) worsen and last longer .
Symptoms normally cause a victim to become bedridden for up to two weeks .
Named after the city where it was first detected in 1968 , the virus returned in 1970 and 1972 .
The elderly were hardest hit .
In the U.S. , 34,000 fell victim to the Hong Kong influenza between September 1968 and March 1969 , and almost one million people worldwide died .
1981 - Present — AIDS / HIV : This pandemic was first recognized by U.S. doctors in 1981 , with cases in California and New York .
The first cases were found among gay men , then injecting drug users .
The name , “ Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome , ” or AIDS was created the following year , and in 1983 this disease was reported among non -drug using women and children .
By 1984 , scientists identify HIV ( initially called HTLV - III or LAV ) as the cause of AIDS .
As late as 2007 , around 33 million people are living with HIV , according to revised estimates .
According to the Avert site , more than 25 million people have died of AIDS since 1981 .
Africa , where it is agreed that the disease originated , has over 14 million AIDS orphans .
1989 -90 — Flu :
In the last official epidemic during the winter of 1989 - 90 , 600 people per 1,000 fell ill and 26,000 people died in the UK .
Influenza is a highly contagious viral infection which can have very serious complications , especially in ‘ at - risk ’ populations .
These groups are more likely than the general population to experience complications following influenza , such as bronchitis , pneumonia , otitis media ( ear infection ) and sinusitis that may require hospitalization .
Many flu strains can be prevented by vaccination , but there is no cure .
1989 -1991 — Measles :
This pandemic started in Maryland and spread rapidly throughout all the states within the continental U.S.
It was a resurgence that occurred among pre-school aged children and it increased sixfold to nine fold over the median annual incidence ( 1.3 per 100,000 population ) reported from 1981 through 1988 .
The measles epidemic is a consequence primarily of the failure to vaccinate preschool - aged children at appropriate ages ; among children aged 16 - 59 months who developed measles during this resurgence , only 15 percent had received measles vaccine as recommended ( CDC , unpublished data ) .
“ We said , ‘ You ’re right , that does n’t seem fair , ’ so we looked into it , ” Mr. Bock said .
“ From that initial suggestion , we said , let ’s take a look at all the benefits we offer and see if we are being truly fair across the board . ”
As a result , the company also decided to make a few other changes that would help gay employees , including eliminating a one - year waiting period before qualifying for infertility benefits and including domestic partners in its family leave policy  going beyond the federal Family and Medical Leave Act , which requires employers to provide up to 12 weeks ’ leave in a one - year period to recover from a medical condition or to care for a relative .
Image Google is trying to eliminate the added tax burden for employees like Bennet Marks , left , and his husband , Kim Harris .
Credit ... Peter Dasilva for The New York Times
The extra compensation to cover the domestic partner tax will apply only to same - sex domestic partners , Mr. Bock said , because heterosexual couples can avoid the added tax by marrying .
( Same - sex couples can make their unions official in several states , but their relationship will not be federally recognized . )
The additional pay will also cover the dependents of the employee ’s domestic partner .
The changes will be retroactive to Jan. 1 , and will apply only to workers in the United States .
It is hard to say how many of Google ’s 20,600 employees will be affected by the changes , but the company ’s internal gay and lesbian group  they call themselves Gayglers  has about 700 members ( though some members may simply support their gay and lesbian co-workers ) .
So what ’s the cost of Google ’s largess ?
Mr. Bock declined to provide details but said the decision was less about money and more about equalizing benefits .
“ If you were to add it all up , it ’s not like we are talking hundreds of thousands per employee , ” he said .
“ It will cost some money , but it was more about doing the right thing . ”
The Kaiser Family Foundation says that 36 percent of large companies that offer health benefits provide coverage for same - sex domestic partners , and more than half of Fortune 500 companies provide domestic partner coverage  but few pay the extra costs of that coverage .
Can Money Buy Happiness ?
Us Versus Them
The main buzz at this year 's Game Developers Conference Canada surrounded social games .
That 's not too surprising when you look at where all the venture capital is going these days , and social games likeandhave done a lot to broaden the market , bringing in groups that never thought they would play video games .
I 'm always in favor of broadening the market , but I worry that some of these companies are more interested in players as revenue streams than as people to entertain .
Intent is very important to me in any media product , just as important as execution .
The much - discussed " No Russian " scene in , during which the player can gun down innocent people in an airport , changes a lot depending on the intent of the developer .
If the intent is for you to have fun slaughtering innocents , the scene becomes pretty negative on a meta level .
If the intent is to make you uncomfortable and question your actions as a participant in electronic slaughter , it may be more progressive .
Games are a business , but ultimately they must entertain .
This is universal .
I am concerned by the disconnect I 'm seeing between the potential of this broadened market and the attitude of the major principals .
There is a lot of talk about money in social games , one might argue too much .
Nintendo makes money hand over fist by broadening the market , but the company talks about players , and about bringing the fun of games to new people .
It may simply be rhetoric or a question of semantics , but most social game companies are talking money first , and player enjoyment second .
Zynga started out , as CEO Mark Pincus said in a well - publicized lecture , doing " every horrible thing in the book , just to get revenues right away .
I mean we gave our users poker chips if they downloaded this Zwinky toolbar which was like , I do n't know , I downloaded it once and could n't get rid of it .
We did anything possible just to get revenues so that we could grow and be a real business .
" Pincus refocused this in a subsequent blog post , saying , " The primary reason I pointed to is that entrepreneurs should push to control their own destinies , and being profitable was the best path , " adding that the company had not yet tried Zwinky 's MyWeb Searchbar ( a browser plugin that McAfee says sometimes prompts spyware downloads ) before offering it as an incentive , and that you should not ultimately disrupt the user experience .
He recanted to some degree , but that drive for money above all else is what bothers me , and I do n't think it 's viewed as a bad thing in the space .
I want to hear a whole lot more talk about " players " of social games , and a whole lot less about " users .
" I do n't want to single out Zynga here , and in fact the company is among our top 30 developers as cited in the June / July issue ofmagazine , primarily for growing the market and proving a new platform .
Everyone from Playfish to Sony Online Entertainment knows that online games are a service , and that " average revenue per user " is the most important thing to keeping afloat .
But the faster these companies grow , the more I worry they are becoming disconnected from the idea that the players on the other side of their games are real people , not number generators .
One talk I attended at GDC Canada got me thinking more about this .
Executives from several social game - oriented companies got together to discuss their businesses and how they work , and the cynicism was palpable .
Jason Bailey of monetization company Super Rewards said of more complex Facebook games that , " If I 'm a user , I do n't want to see your stupid cutscene , I just want to click and level up .
" Referring to console games , Russel Ovans of early social game company Backstage said , " They 're immersive cinema .
They 're pornography for 18 year old males .
What do pornography and console games have in common ?
The demographic .
" There is a clear gap here between the social and traditional game markets , and I would love to feel like that gap had more to do with market expansion and low barriers to entry , and less to do with money , but every discussion I get into about the subject with social game execs points me to the contrary .
The folks I talk to recognize that they are expanding the market , and that low barriers to entry and stickiness are the key , but to them it 's the key to more money , not necessarily to user happiness .
It 's a complicated issue , because after all 80 million people are n't playingbecause they hate it .
The same metrics that executives use to drive revenue are also used to increase ease of use for players .
Well , to some degree anyway - it 's part user enjoyment , and part revenue generation .
And I think that 's where my appreciation breaks down .
As a player first and a developer second , I want more decisions to be driven by entertainment value and risk , and fewer to be driven expressly by revenue .
I know that there are a lot of good people that care about the players in these companies , but I 'm not convinced they 're the folks running the companies ( which is just about as true of major publishers , honestly ) .
If I want people to talk about development , not numbers , or players rather than users , perhaps I need to pay more attention to developers like Paul Stephanouk , and less to Mark Pincus .
But when Pincus talks about implementing Trojan - style ad schemes , it 's hard to ignore .
Where does the antagonism between traditional and social games come from ?
I think it might be coming from the intent on both sides .
The developers of console games and traditional standalone PC games are almost always thinking about what will be fun -- money comes second .
Money is the purview of the marketing and business guys , not the developers themselves .
But the developers of social games must necessarily think about money and fun together , whether they be executive or otherwise .
They have access to insanely detailed information about what players do , like , and want to pay for .
Why not use it ?
What would console developers do with the same information ?
Not ignore is surely .
Is it simply a question of information , then ?
It may also be a matter of ego .
Console developers often view social games as lesser , in spite of how complex they have become ( again , just look at the current depth of ) , because with accessibility comes simplicity .
Social game execs and developers , for all their money , still seem to feel they 're the younger sibling of console games , and must rail against them whenever possible .
There is room for all of us in this industry , though the dollars may flow one way or another depending on the climate .
It 's important to learn what each side has to offer the other -- and then eventually there may not be sides at all .
But for my part , I want to hear a lot less talk of users , and start hearing a much greater focus on player enjoyment .
Headline says it all folks .
Obviously the company is going to be getting out in front of this antenna drama ( finally ) .
We 've been invited and we 'll be there , It all happens at If you have n't caught up on the story ( and if that 's the case , where have you been ? ) , here 's a little background on the issue in reverse chronological order :
The men , who are between 30 and 40 years old , and three of the women , who are under the age of 30 , were sentenced to an unspecified number of lashes and one or two year prison terms each .
As Justin Cronin clearly knows , if you ’re a writer seeking to slough off highbrow pretensions — to reject your early efforts at “ quiet ” fiction and write something with commercial appeal , something that will , if not conquer the critics , at least pay for your kid ’s college education — you ’d be wise to opt for a vampire novel .
The genre has proved so indomitable that it ’s a wonder the Balkan underclass , whose age - old folk tales began it all , has n’t started to request royalties .
Cronin is a graduate of the Iowa Writers ’ Workshop , and his first two books , “ Mary and O’ Neil ” and “ The Summer Guest , ” were literary explorations of life ’s quotidian challenges .
His new one , “ The Passage , ” is a 766 - page doorstop , a dystopian epic that ’s the first installment in a projected vampire trilogy .
Ballantine Books bought the lot for over $ 3 million , and the film rights to the novel sold before the book was completed .
If there ’s a class at Iowa on exploiting publishing crazes , Cronin surely aced it .
And in many respects , he has delivered the promised blockbuster .
While it relies at times on convention , “ The Passage ” is astutely plotted and imaginative enough to satisfy the most bloodthirsty reader .
It opens in 2018 , as America is engaged in nonstop warfare , terrorists are attacking us at home , and a gallon of gas costs $ 13 .
In a secret project , the military has employed the research of a Harvard micro­biologist in hopes of engineering a race of superbeings who can master any skill in minutes and whose wounds heal almost instantaneously .
Of course , the project backfires , and once these “ virals ” — vampires — are unleashed into the world , the human race is rapidly brought to near - extinction .
The mutants are fast , hungry and unforgiving .
They kill and they recruit .
Fast - forward nearly a hundred years : 94 people survive in a heavily fortified colony , kept safe from North America ’s 42.5 million vampires by a system that eliminates the night .
When the community realizes that the power source maintaining its dusk - to - dawn illumination will soon die , a renegade band ventures out into a world it knows very little about .
( Not one of them , for example , has ever seen the stars . )
Their quest to recharge the colony ’s batteries is elevated to a hope to reclaim the world after they chance upon a peculiar girl who can communicate with the vampires and who , like them , appears ageless .
Unlike them , she ’s on the humans ’ side .
Sign up for our COVID - 19 newsletter to stay up - to - date on the latest coronavirus news throughout New York City
If they build it , they will bomb .
Angry Sheepshead
Bay residents came out in a show of force on Sunday to protest a planned mosque and Muslim community center in their neighborhood .
“ If they build a mosque there , I ’m going to bomb the mosque , ” said one outraged resident who lives across the street from the proposed house of worship between East 28th and East 29th streets on Voorhies Avenue .
The resident , who refused to give his name , identified himself as a former Israeli soldier who had lived on Voorhies Avenue for eight years .
“ I will give them a lot of trouble , ” he added .
“ They ’re not going to stay here alive . ”
Such comments were certainly the most violent , though intolerance was common at the rally , which was organized by the group Bay People .
Political correctness was shoved aside as members of the group put out its agenda :
We do n’t want a mosque here .
There was plenty of lip service paid to concerns about added traffic and noise , with rally organizers saying that they were not “ anti-Arab or anti-Muslim , ” but the stench of hate filled the air , sometimes with subtle language .
“ We cannot tolerate foreign interests coming into our backyard telling us what we are going to do , ” said speaker Bob Giovinazzi .
“ It ’s hot today , but things are going to get a lot hotter for people in this illegal structure . ”
One of the organizers claimed that the mosque protest was simply about “ this specific location and a specific organization [ and its ] impact on our quality of life . ”
The organizer , who only gave his surname , Kleinman , added , “ We are not against our Muslim neighbors .
This is a residential community and we want to preserve it regardless of race and religion . ”
But other organizers claimed that the mosque ’s builders , the Muslim American Society , has ties to Hamas and Hezbollah .
Though few actual links were revealed at the rally , that did n’t stop the venom .
“ New York is not Islamabad , ” screamed one protestor .
Diana , a nurse who refused to give her full name , told those in attendence , “ Do not forget 9 - 11 ! ”
Voorhies Avenue resident Victor Benari further whipped up the audience by adding , “ Each Muslim terrorist is tied to a mosque . ”
He also took pot shots at Ahmed Allowey , the longtime Sheepshead Bay resident who is bringing the mosque to Voorhies Avenue , along with local politicians who have remained mum on this divisive issue .
None were present to defend themselves , although Benari ’s diatribe infuriated local resident Guseyn Ibragimov .
“ What right do you have to deny people a place of worship ? ” asked Ibragimov , whose father is a Muslim .
His mother is half - Jewish , half - Christian .
“ No one protests a church or a synagogue being built in a Muslim neighborhood . ”
Rally attendees booed Ibragimov down , ordering him to get off their street .
“ This is n’t right , they ’re just showing their hate , ” Ibragimov said as he stormed off .
“ They call themselves Americans , but what kind of America is this ? ”
Rantings of an application developer who found new meaning in life as a game developer .
BP clarified on Saturday that Tony Hayward was still in charge of the energy giant and its Gulf cleanup operations a day after another executive told Sky News that Hayward was relinguishing day - to - day spill duties , the New York Times reports .
" Tony receives regular updates from the gulf , " said Sheila Williams , a BP spokeswoman , in an e-mail message to the Times .
BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg said in an interview Friday with the British television network that Hayward was going to change his role in dealing with the spill and hand duties over to BP managing director Bob Dudley .
White House chief : Yacht trip another gaffe for BP
" It is clear Tony has made remarks that have upset people , " Svanberg told Sky News .
" He will be more home and be there and be here , but I think it has been a difficult period and as long as we do n't close the well and take care of this , there will be criticisms about many things .
Right now that is our focus to make that happen . "
BP spokesman Daren Beaudo said in an e-mail Friday evening to USA TODAY that Hayward was still BP 's CEO and was leading the oil response .
" He has the full support of the board , " Beaudo said .
Beaudo also added that the BP chairman was referring to a June 4 press release during his interview with Sky News that announced BP would create a separate stand - alone organization to manage the long - term response once the spill is over that Dudley will lead .
BP says there will be a transition " over time " to Dudley , according to the Times .
" Obviously , " Williams told the Times , " Tony 's main priority remains overseeing all BP operations .
Over all , there will be some responsibilities handed over , but Tony will remain in full control until we have stopped the leak . "
Hayward was grilled Thursday on Capitol Hill by lawmakers about the company 's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and its response to the disaster .
( Posted by Jessica Durando )
Israel ’s attack on the convoy of ships bringing humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza has garnered international condemnation – and rightfully so .
At least nine civilians were killed , many more injured , and hundreds were detained in Israeli jails .
Once again , bloodshed and violence has pushed to the fore the most festering international issue of the last decades : the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The convoy was an international attempt to nonviolently challenge the Israeli blockade of Gaza – an inhumane collective punishment ( a violation of international law ) imposing cruel hardship on the more than 1 million Palestinian people living there .
Among the 700 people from 50 countries on the six ships were an 85 - year - old Holocaust survivor from the United States , an Israeli Knesset member , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate from Northern Ireland , at least 15 journalists and a year - old baby .
The ships were carrying construction material , like cement , not rockets or weapons .
When nonviolence is met with violence , a shift occurs in people ’s thinking .
What once seemed impossible becomes possible .
What once seemed intractable becomes moveable .
This shocking incident has brought forward both the opportunity and the necessity for stronger action by the United States to push Israel to end the blockade of Gaza , stop settlement construction in the West Bank , and engage in serious talks that will achieve , in short order , the widely accepted solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict based on two states living side by side in peace .
This can be a watershed moment for the Obama administration and the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The far - right militarists both in Israel and the U.S. are on the defensive as a result of the outrageous Israeli attack on the Gaza flotilla .
Out of this crisis can come a real opening for peace .
The United Nations call for a transparent and international investigation of the attack moves things in the right direction .
But most important is action to end the crisis .
U.S. taxpayer dollars – to the tune of several billion a year – should no longer go to support Israeli policies of militarism , occupation and repression .
It ’s simply not in the interests of either the American people , the Israeli people or the Palestinian people .
Enough is enough .
Even U.S. generals are saying the Israeli - Palestinian conflict is contrary to U.S. national security interests .
The Obama administration has plenty of “ carrots and sticks ” to exert major pressure on Israel ’s right - wing government to get serious about peace – and it should do that ASAP .
For starters , the U.S. should insist that Israel end its inhuman – and illegal – blockade of Gaza .
At the same time , the White House must insist that Israel curb its own right - wing fanatics , stop obstructing the peace process with settlement construction or other provocations , and get to the negotiating table for real , with a clear timetable to achieve a two - state solution .
The people of the U.S. have a critical role to play in ending this deadly conflict .
To help the Obama administration move ahead , it is essential to build the broadest , all - inclusive movement among the American people that presses for strong U.S. action to at long last achieve peace with justice in the Middle East .
Photo :
A child carring a sign that reads “ massacre on high - seas ” stands on the beach - front in Ashdod , Israel , where ships from the Freedom Flotilla were being taken .
A police boat keeps a close watch on the demonstrators .
( CC )
As more and more of us live more of our lives online with banking , shopping , photo galleries and social networking etc .
a part of our daily lives , it becomes more and more important to have secure passwords .
But there are problems in remembering complex passwords when there are so many websites you have accounts with .
My tip , choose one or two super - strong passwords and change the passwords on every website you have an account with to those .
The easiest passwords to crack are those that are simple words .
If your password is your date of birth , dog 's name , child or favourite place then I 'd suggest changing them for a stronger password today .
These types of password will always be the easiest to crack , with the perpetrator only needing to know minor details about the victim , things that you may already have included as public information on your Facebook or MySpace profile page .
Unwittingly , you may be publicly providing the very information that criminals need to empty your bank account , steal your identity or run up huge bills on your credit cards .
The chart below details how long it would take an average PC to crack different types and lengths of password .
Where does your fit in the chart ?
So how do you create a super - strong password ?
The ideal one would contain a mixture of upper and lower - case characters with some numbers and maybe even somthing like a # or % sign thrown in .
But how can you create one of these you wo n't forget ?
There are several easy ways to make sure your password is secure .
First is to remember that numbers can be substituted for words .
The password wo0dy with a zero in the place of the second " o " is much more secure than the name as it's really spelt .
You can increase this security even further , perhaps by making a character upper case .
wo0 Dy is a password that 's even more secure and that could provide all the protection you need , unless ...
You should try and make sure that your secure password or passwords are a minimum of six characters in length .
This is because if you want to use the same password on every website they will demand that they be that long at least .
Some websites will demand eight character passwords so if you can have one of those to begin with then all the better .
You can mix things up if you are short on ideas .
If Woody was born in 1982 then you could use wo0DyIi982 or wo0DyI1982 where the 1 in the year is substituted for the letter " i " in either lower or upper case .
One final word of advice , your secret question .
Most websites will require you to have a secret question to unlock your password if you forget it .
Try and avoid choosing your mother 's maiden name , place of birth or first school if at all possible , as these are things that can be found out by criminals all too easily .
If you have to choose an option like this because a website forces you to , an answer such as amst3rdam# might be enough to remind you of your favourite place .
If you follow these rules then you will have a much happier and far more secure time online .
And a daunting password may look like that at first , but you 'll be amazed at how quickly you get used to using it .
Advertisement
We live in an age in which personal accountability is a distant , unpracticed concept .
It is taken for granted that every possible personal decision is open to socialization , and that any cost might be paid for by some distant other .
People follow incentives , and when the incentives have been structured so as to eliminate the need for frugality , then waste and corruption inevitably follows .
This is the rot that slays civilizations , and it will destroy the American empire just as surely as it did the British Empire and Rome .
We can see this corrosion underway most clearly in the centralized medical command and control infrastructures of the Western world .
Unlike almost all other areas of technology , costs in medicine keep spiraling upward - and this should not be a surprise given the perverse incentives embedded in the system .
Costs paid by other people .
Services divorced from price considerations by the customer .
Lack of competition .
Use of regulators and the legalized bribery of lobbying to gain advantage in the marketplace , rather than research and development or price - cutting .
And so forth .
But people know what they grew up with , and are exceedingly wary of change .
Even when the long - established situation is terrible , as is the case for provision of medicine in most developed nations , the vast majority cannot see beyond its walls .
So you 'll find articles like this recent example , in which an presumably intelligent person argues that fixing the problems of socialized medicine requires the application of more socialism : more central command and control direction of economic behavior , more spending of other people 's money , more separation between buyer , competition , and pricing .
There is a very simple solution to the problems of medicine .
It 's called freedom : freedom for providers to develop and compete as they see fit , and freedom for people to choose or reject their offerings with the money in their own pockets and savings accounts .
For progress and efficiency to reign in an industry , people have to pay for goods with their own funds , and providers have to be free to innovate .
Competition and the care with which people manage their own money keeps both sides as honest as any human culture is going to be .
Look at fashion .
Shoes .
Computers .
DNA sequencing .
Or any one of a thousand other important goods whose value has fallen over time and continues to do so .
These are less regulated markets , not stifled and buried beneath chains like the provision of medicine .
They are vibrant , constantly innovating and competing , and this is exactly because people pay for these products with the money they care about most .
If you want stagnation , terrible services , sanctioned cheating , and eventual collapse , then continue right on down the path forced on medical development and provision today : forcefully take people 's money as taxes , throw it into a big pool , pay lip service to the proposed goals , and then watch the connected and the adept at bribery fight over claiming that loot for their own purposes .
Every faction and individual is incentivized to take what they can grab , whilst trying to force other hands out of the purse .
Pools of resources held in common are the death of charity : the sort of vicious infighting over a commons is anti-charity , the very polar opposite of charity in the spectrum of human behavior .
In short , government corrodes all it touches , and the rot has run deep in medical research , development , and commercialization .
We all suffer for that , and will continue to do so until such time as revolution takes place to usher in a new age of honest competition and choice .
The Mako Driver Kit includes i Fixit 's 4 mm aluminum screwdriver handle with magnetic bit socket , knurled grip , and swivel top — plus 64 precision driver bits and a flexible extension .
We built this 64 bit driver kit using data from thousands of our repair manuals and teardowns , ensuring you have the most compact yet complete assortment of bits for electronics repair .
This driver kit includes standard , security , and specialty driver bits for a wide range of regular and exotic repairs .
Standard bits like Phillips and Flathead will get you into most small household appliances and electronic devices .
And security and exotic bits like pentalobes will let you gain access to your Apple devices like iPhones and MacBooks .
Whether you 're a professional fixer or a weekend warrior , this bit kit has what you need to disassemble , repair , and reassemble smartphones , game consoles , wearables , laptops , desktops , tablets , small appliances , and much more !
All our next - gen bit kits have been re-engineered for maximum utility .
The bit kit lid is held in place with magnets to increase product lifespan ( no more broken hinges or clasps ) and also mounts to the back of the bit kit case to keep it out of the way while you do your work .
Or , if you need help keeping your screws and parts organized , use the lid ’s integrated sorting tray .
And our 4 mm bits have been redesigned with a longer neck for a deeper and more precise reach .
London : Pro-Palestinian supporters , one of them holding a Turkish flag with a picture of Kemal Ataturk , gather outside the road that leads to the Israeli embassy Photograph : Lefteris Pitarakis / AP
Five decades ago , while debating an offensive against Gaza militants , Israel 's founding prime minister , David Ben Gurion , is said to have discounted United Nations intervention with a now famous Hebrew quip : " oom shmoom . "
Rough translation : " UN is nothing . "
In the face of an international uproar over the May 31 Israeli commando raid of a Gaza aid flotilla that left nine Turks dead , a similar disdain for the global community has resurfaced here .
IN PICTURES : The Gaza flotilla and the aftermath of the Israeli naval raid
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's complaint of an " international offensive of hypocrisy " against Israel has been echoed by political rivals and many ordinary Israelis .
" If it was n't this ship , tomorrow it would be something else , " says Dror Epstein , a Tel Aviv lawyer .
" It does n't matter what we do . "
Indeed , Israel 's recent growing isolation is strengthening the belief that international criticism is mostly hyperbole linked to centuries of anti-Jewish persecution – and something that can be discounted .
Though it is unclear how prevalent the belief is among decision makers , analysts note that a feeling of isolation could boost support for provocative and unilateral policies .
" When the world confuses a jihadist lynch mob for peace activists , Israelis nod their head and say , ' We recognize this as a Jewish moment , ' " says Yossi Klein Halevi , a fellow at the Shalom Hartman Institute , a Jewish research and education facility in Jerusalem .
" Almost every Israeli , regardless of the way they feel about the operation , knows that this [ flotilla raid ] is not a moral failing of Israel , " says Mr. Klein Halevi .
" And yet Israelis see the world entering a spasm of moral outrage that we do n't see being expressed over Darfur . "
He adds that Israelis angrily reject world opinion as inherently biased .
Not enough force used ?
In a poll of Israeli Jews after the flotilla raid , 61 percent said Israel should not adjust its tactics to curry favor with the international community , according to Princeton , N.J. - based Pechter Middle East Polls .
Eighty - five percent of the 500 polled said that Israel either did not use enough force or used the right amount of force .
Some 56 percent said that Israel should resist calls for an international investigation of the raid .
In contrast , a Jerusalem Report poll four months ago found Israelis evenly split over the question of whether the response to international isolation should be to renew negotiations with the Palestinians .
Alon Liel , a former director general of the Israeli Foreign Ministry , says that in the recent past , the prospect of international isolation prompted former Israeli prime ministers Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert to make concessions to the Palestinians .
The same pressure is less likely to influence cabinet ministers in the current government , such as conservative Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , he adds .
" Their approach is : ' No matter what we do the world will hate us , ' " he says .
" So far , I see the Israeli siege mentality affecting the government . "
The sense that Israel faces international critics bent on undermining its legitimacy is more than a conservative perspective .
It spans Israel 's left - right political divide .
" It is a sentiment that exists today more than in the past , because the trend is de-legitimizing Israel and isolating Israel internationally , " says Yossi Alpher , co-editor of Bitterlemons.org , an Israeli - Palestinian opinion forum .
" Where it becomes dangerous is when decisions are made and when it obscures the fixable causes of this delegitimization campaign .
There are causes which are treatable and there are causes which are not , " he says .
Israel still needs the US
Still , the " deck stacked against us " view is offset by a recognition among policy makers that Israel needs the international community , particularly the US and Europe to solve many of its foreign challenges .
In contrast to Israel 's solo decision in 1981 to bomb an Iraqi nuclear reactor , Israel currently portrays Iran 's nuclear ambitions as a problem for world powers .
The recognition today that the Jewish state can't embark on pre-emptive wars and occupy foreign territory to silence militants on its borders has prompted Israeli governments to accept UN forces to maintain stability in Hezbollah strongholds in southern Lebanon , Mr. Alpher says .
" We have to work with the world , " says Alpher .
" We do n't have [ other ] solutions because we do n't want to reoccupy . "
Israel was more isolated in the 1970s , when it lacked diplomatic relations with key countries such as Egypt , China , and India , says Ephraim Inbar , the head of the Begin Sadat Center at Bar Ilan University and the author of a study of " outcast " nations .
The relative isolation is what prompted Israel to order a unilateral strike on an Iraq , and a 1976 raid in Entebbe , Uganda , to rescue a hijacked plane .
" Jewish history is conducive to this reluctant acceptance that we are not liked , " he says .
That said , Inbar says that Israel 's foreign policy is characterized by realpolitik .
" We understand the importance of the US and the relative unimportance of UN resolution . "
The Israeli response to the global outcry over the flotilla raid may also be shaped by US public opinion .
A Ramussen poll shows that 49 percent of likely US voters blamed the flotilla clash on pro-Palestinian activists .
Only 19 percent blamed it on Israel .
History of UN resentment
Israeli resentment is most acute toward the United Nations .
The UN Human Rights Council has already commissioned an inquiry into the flotilla violence .
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu earlier this week balked at an offer by UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon to form an international committee to investigate the raid .
Instead , Netanyahu is reportedly coordinating the establishment of an Israeli commission of inquiry with the US .
" We will be prepared to appear and give all the facts , " Netanyahu said in a speech Wednesday .
He said that he would be willing to testify , as would Defense Minister Ehud Barak and Lieutenant - General Gabi Ashkenazi , the Israeli military 's chief of staff .
Last year , a UN Human Rights inquiry headed by South African Judge Richard Goldstone accused Israel of war crimes during its Gaza offensive , which left about 1,400 Palestinians dead .
Israel 's government sees the Goldstone report as an effort to limit its ability to fight militant groups on its borders .
" There has been a structural problem in the UN for many years which leads to situations where Israel is put in the chair of the accused for alleged crimes which it never committed , while countries which are involved in massive human rights abuses are never cited , " says Dore Gold , a Israeli UN Ambassador during Netanyahu 's first term in office
" I do n't think one has to be exasperated about what the international community says .
Israel has to make its case , " he says .
Israel made its greatest strides toward breaking its isolation during the Oslo peace process with the Palestinians in the 1990s – a period in which Israel established diplomatic ties with dozens of countries .
It was also a period in which the Jewish state was willing to take the greatest risks for a peace , argues Klein Halevi .
" This idea either that we do n't care about being pariahs or we revel in it is a misreading of the Israeli psyche … it goes against a key Zionist motif which is restoring the Jewish people to the community of nations , " he says .
" The more Israelis sense they are being unfairly judged , and being held to a standard no country is being held to , the more Israelis freeze up . "
Related stories :
IN PICTURES : The Gaza flotilla and the aftermath of the Israeli naval raid
Ok , enough with the prehistoric beasties for now .
This list is about living animals that are interesting on their own , but are seldom mentioned , and always overshadowed by their more famous , closest relatives .
Enjoy !
10 Okapi
Although well known to Egyptians in ancient times , and to pygmies since prehistory , the Okapi ’s existence was only confirmed and accepted by western science in the 20th century .
At first , scientists thought it was some kind of forest dwelling zebra , because of the stripes on its legs , but now it is known to be the closest and only living relative to the giraffe !
Just like the giraffe , the Okapi is an usually peaceful vegetarian with a very long , bluish gray tongue that comes in handy to clean its eyes , ears and nostrils … both inside and out .
Adult Okapis are about 2 meters tall at the shoulder ; that ’s much smaller than the giraffe , but they are still one of the largest animals in the African rainforests .
Seldom seen and rarely displayed in zoos , the Okapi is only found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , although it was likely more widespread in ancient times .
9 Pygmy hippo
Few people know that there are actually two kinds of hippos ; there is the big , nasty , extremely dangerous classic hippo Hippopotamus amphibius , which gets to appear a lot in Animal Planet , and there is the Pygmy Hippo , which is seldom seen in the wild , let alone filmed or photographed .
Most of what is known of them comes from captive specimens .
Just like the Okapi , the Pygmy Hippo was unknown to science until recently ( in this case , the 19th century ) .
They look like smaller , cuter versions of the larger hippo , but they have somewhat different habits ; for a start , they spend more time on land and live alone or in small groups , instead of gathering in huge herds like their larger relatives .
They are only found in the rainforests and swamps of Western Africa .
8 Proteles
The proteles or aardwolf is the least known member of the Hyenidae family , the one that includes the infamous spotted or “ laughing ” hyena .
But while the spotted hyena is a large , dangerous predator , able to take on zebras and wildebeest , the much smaller proteles ( up to 10 kgs ) feeds almost exclusively on termites and other insects .
It has very weak jaws and teeth and a long sticky tongue to collect its prey ; it can eat up to 200.000 termites in one single night .
Although harmless to humans , the proteles will defend itself bravely if harassed ; the erectile mane on its back makes it look bigger and more dangerous than it really is , scaring away potential predators .
Proteles are found in Southern and Eastern Africa .
7 Drill
Most people is familiar with the spectacular , bright colored mandrill ( the largest monkey in the world ) , but very few have ever heard about the drill , its closest relative .
Drills are found in a small region of Western Africa and are seriously endangered nowadays , due to the bush - meat trade ( basically , locals are eating these monkeys to extinction ) .
They look very similar to mandrills but have black faces and red chins ; females are smaller and less colorful than males .
They feed on anything they can find , from grass and fruits , to small animals .
6 Pygmy killer whale
While orcas ( popularly known as killer whales ) are one of the most popular marine animals nowadays , pygmy killer whales are very little known to the public .
They were confirmed as a new species in 1952 , although they had been reported long before this .
Pygmy killer whales lack the white markings of their larger relatives , and have a completely different “ personality ” ; while orcas are seldom known to attack humans , pygmy killer whales seem to be very aggressive and to regard humans as prey .
They have even said to behave “ rather like sharks ” when held in captivity .
It is also known that they attack other cetaceans , sometimes much bigger than themselves .
Pygmy killer whales live in all the oceans , except for the polar regions , but are very rarely seen .
5 Silky anteater
The Giant Anteater of Central and South America is rather well known ( although still bizarre and often confused with other animals such as the aardvark ) .
However , its smaller relative , the Silky anteater , is almost never heard of , even in those countries of which its native .
Silky anteaters are squirrel - sized tree - dwellers and they seldom if ever go down to the ground ; they live in rainforests in Mexico , Central and South America and rely mostly on camouflage to evade the attention of predators .
But if they are cornered , they can deliver surprisingly powerful blows with their sharp , curved claws .
Once again , this is a rarely seen creature , active mostly at night .
4 Hyrax
There are four species of these small , chubby , Guinea pig - like animals , all of them found in Africa and the middle East ( although they also lived in Asia and Europe in prehistoric times ) .
Despite their rodent - like appearance , however , hyraxes are actually more related to elephants !
Indeed , hyraxes share a number of anatomical and physiological features with elephants , including small tusks and excellent memory .
They feed on plants and live in very arid habitats .
They have sticky toe pads that allow them to climb up trees and rocks at high speed without slipping .
3 Crab-eating raccoon
The raccoon is well known by almost everyone , being an usual denizen of forests , parks and surburbs in most of North America ; they were also introduced in Europe and parts of Asia .
However , its close relative , the crab - eating raccoon , is seldom mentioned .
Found in tropical swamps and jungles in Central and South America , this species feeds on anything it can find and not only crabs , although it does seem to spend more time in or near water than its better known relative .
It is ( again ) a solitary , nocturnal and seldom seen animal .
2 Jaguarundi
Although you may think that the closest relative to the Mountain Lion is the African Lion , in reality that title goes to the jaguarundi , a smallish ( up to 9 kgs ) cat with a long slender body and rather weasel - like proportions found in southern US , Mexico , and Central and South America .
Jaguarundis were formerly classified as a separate genus of cats , Herpailurus , but genetic testing revealed them to be the closest living relatives to mountain lions , so close in fact that they were included in the same genus , Puma .
Unlike mountain lions , however , jaguarundis are harmless unless harassed , feeding on fish , small birds , rodents and lizards .
They are nocturnal and very rarely seen .
1 Colossal squid
Everyone has heard about the giant squid , but the colossal squid is just starting to achieve its well deserved fame .
Colossal squids are found in the oceans around Antarctica , and were only recently photographed alive .
Measuring up to 14 meters long and weighing up to 200 kgs , it is easily the largest invertebrate in the world .
It also has the largest eyes of any living animal ; these eyes allow it to see in the dark , an useful ability for an animal that spends most of its life in the deepest parts of the sea .
Colossal squids are powerful , formidable predators armed with eight arms and two long tentacles ; unlike the giant squid , which is armed with suction cups only , the colossal squid has both suction cups AND “ tiger - like claws ” on its tentacles , which allows it to catch bigger prey and to defend itself against its two main enemies , the sperm whale and the giant sleeper shark , both of which can sustain serious injury while trying to attack one of these squids .
Jonathan Hiskes ’ question — “ Tell me again why we mandate parking at bars ? “ — got me wondering about Northwest cities .
I did some digging , and here ’s what I found .
First the good news : we ’re not as bad as Long Beach , California , where bars must provide more room for cars than for people .
But now the bad news : our codes are not much better in this respect .
Seattle and Portland — forward - looking cities when it comes to zoning — have laws on the books that bars must provide 1 parking space for each 250 square feet of floor space in the drinking establishment .
( Seattle ’s code here ; Portland ’s here . )
And while I did n’t bother to comb through parking codes in other cities , my strong hunch is that you ’d find similar requirements .
Which is strange .
It seems to me that if we do n’t want people to drive home from bars then , at minimum , we should not force bars to provide parking spaces on the property .
Call me crazy .
Find this article interesting ?
Please consider making a gift to support our work .
At the risk of making sweeping generalizations , I ’m pretty sure that parking is for people who drive cars .
And I ’m also pretty sure that the core business model of bars is selling alcohol for consumption on the premises .
Which means that our parking codes are basically encouraging people to drink and drive .
Oh , and if you think that bar parking is for designated drivers , Jonathan points to a CDC study showing that there ’s insufficient evidence to support designated driver programs .
However , one thing that does work as an alternative to drinking and driving — and I can vouch for this — is walking .
Taxis work well too .
So do buses .
Heck , bikes can do the trick , though I do n’t necessarily recommend it .
There ’s a larger lesson here though , and it ’s that “ parking minimums ” are nuts .
Although they are a staple of land use codes in virtually every North American city , they produce all kinds of strange distortions and lousy outcomes .
Fortunately , there is a solution : free market parking .
We should stop forcing property owners to provide parking if they do n’t want to .
In fact , stripping parking minimums from the books would be a great free market reform that would make for solid public policy and better social outcomes .
So I keep hoping that one of the Northwest ’s free market think tanks —
I ’m looking at you Washington Policy Center and Cascade Policy Institute — will turn their attention to the essentially socialist parking policy that has taken root in every community .
One good place to start , I suspect , would be mandatory parking at bars .
Notes :
For the purposes of this post , I omitted some of the arcane technical details of parking codes .
In both Seattle and Portland ( and , I suspect , in most other cities ) there are an array of factors that can reduce or eliminate the required number of parking spaces required at bars .
Existing land uses are grandfathered in , and so are existing buildings in many cases .
Historic preservation zones overlay other zoning codes , as do pedestrian zones , and so on .
In a few instances , bicycle racks can actually substitute for a portion of the parking spaces .
Still , the basic rule is the same in both cities : bars must provide 1 parking space per 250 square feet of floor space — and that ’s just not sound policy .
Postscript : I just located Vancouver , Washington ’s parking code here .
Same deal as Sea and Pdx : 1 car space for every 250 square feet of space for humans .
Money Is One Ingredient for Happiness
We all like to believe that money does n’t make us happy .
We like to believe that living a good , simple , productive life is what makes us happy .
However , that ’s not quite the case .
Recent research suggests that there are two key ingredients for a totally happy life : overall satisfaction with life and moment - to - moment enjoyment of life .
Furthermore , the research indicates that the first ingredient is intricately tied to how much money you earn .
So , although we need more than just money to make us happy , money is a key component of happiness for most people .
The Happiness Study
The study looked at data from the Gallup World Poll to get a better understanding of happiness around the world .
More than 136,000 people from more than 130 different countries were asked to rate their levels of happiness .
They were asked to use a 0 - 10 scale to rate their overall happiness .
However , they were also asked questions about their moment - to - moment happiness and their positive / negative experiences .
Furthermore , they were asked about whether they considered the basic physical and psychological needs to be met .
And of course their income was recorded .
The information was then assessed to draw conclusions about the relationship between money and the two different aspects of happiness ( total and momentary ) .
Overall Life Satisfaction Increases with More Money
The study found that people tend to rate their total happiness with life higher when they are earning more money .
This is true on two levels – individuals with higher incomes were happier and also individuals living in countries with higher average incomes were happier .
It is believed that this has to do with the fact that most people want money and spend a significant amount of time pursuing it so they feel like they have achieved something when they get it .
Having more money also generally makes people feel more secure which helps to increase total life satisfaction .
Moment - to - moment Happiness Does n’t Require Money
The study found , however , that a person ’s moment - to - moment happiness may not be tied to money .
People who are relatively poor or who live in very poor areas may still be able to experience ongoing moment - to - moment happiness and to have more positive experiences than negative ones despite having a low income .
Moment - to - moment happiness seems to be most closely linked with four things :
Feeling respected by other people .
Individuals who generally feel that others around them respect them tend to have more positive experiences .
Having autonomy .
It is important for most people to feel like they have independence and free will in their lives .
Experiencing enough social support .
Although people want to be independent , they need to be social with other people .
A strong social support system can significantly increase how happy someone feels from moment - to - moment .
Working at a job that feels fulfilling .
It ’s important to make more money but it ’s also important to work at a job that is fulfilling .
At the Country Level
What the survey found was that there are some countries ( like South Korea ) where individuals tend to earn a lot of money but do n’t get their other needs met .
The result is that they may rank their total happiness high but their moment - to - moment happiness is lower .
In contrast , a country like Costa Rica can have a lower average income ( and therefore rank their total happiness lower ) but experience more day - to - day positive feelings because of the fact that they have their other needs met .
The Key to Happiness
It turns out that the key to happiness is actually really simple : make a lot of money doing something that you love to do and that earns you respect and also learn to balance autonomy and socialization in your life .
This sounds complicated when you ’re trying to do it .
However , if you can keep in mind that this is the key to happiness , you may be able to focus your goals better .
It will always be tough to find the right balance but you ’ll at least have the right ingredients .
Firefox for Maemo 1.1 RC 1 is ready to install .
For this release , the focus was some UI features we did n’t have time to put in the initial release .
We also used your feedback from previous releases and nightly builds to help improve the browsing experience .
Some of the bigger features include :
As always , we ’ve provided unbranded Fennec desktop builds on Windows , Mac , and Linux .
You can use these if you do n’t have a Maemo device or to aid in add - on development .
This is the final call for Add - on developers to update their add - ons from Firefox 1.0.x for Maemo .
Note to Ovi Store Customers :
If you installed Firefox 1.0. x from the Ovi Store , you will not be able to upgrade to Firefox 1.1 RC 1 ( either from the N900 Application Manager or by downloading the software from Mozilla ) .
We are working to solve this for future releases so that anyone can participate in our Beta programs .
Do n’t worry , though , if you got Firefox 1.0. x from either the Ovi store or directly from Mozilla , you will be updated to Firefox 1.1 ( final ) when it is released .
It 's a heady time in high - performance computing , driven by rapid improvements in the chips that supply number - crunching power .
The next target could be data storage .
For the past 15 years or so , most of the action has been in packing hundreds or thousands of PC - style microprocessors into supercomputers called clusters .
More recently , some researchers have been trying to boost performance further by adding graphics chips , which each have hundreds of specialized processors .
A system from China , for example , this month took ...
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity used its navigation camera for this northward view of tracks the rover left on a drive from one energy - favorable position on the northern end of a sand ripple to another .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
Pop quiz :
What spacecraft holds the record for longest - surviving mission on the bitterly cold and dusty surface of Mars ?
As of Thursday , there 's a new - but possibly temporary - champion .
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Project will pass a historic Martian longevity record on Thursday , May 20 .
The Opportunity rover will surpass the duration record set by NASA 's Viking 1 Lander of six years and 116 days operating on the surface of Mars .
The effects of favorable weather on the red planet could also help the rovers generate more power .
Opportunity 's twin rover , Spirit , began working on Mars three weeks before Opportunity .
However , Spirit has been out of communication since March 22 .
If it awakens from hibernation and resumes communication , that rover will attain the Martian surface longevity record .
Spirit 's hibernation was anticipated , based on energy forecasts , as the amount of sunshine hitting the robot 's solar panels declined during autumn on Mars ' southern hemisphere .
Unfortunately , mobility problems prevented rover operators from positioning Spirit with a favorable tilt toward the north , as during the first three winters it experienced .
The rovers ' fourth winter solstice , the day of the Martian year with the least sunshine at their locations , was Wednesday , May 12 ( May 13 Universal time ) .
" Opportunity , and likely Spirit , surpassing the Viking Lander 1 longevity record is truly remarkable , considering these rovers were designed for only a 90 - day mission on the surface of Mars , " Callas said .
" Passing the solstice means we 're over the hump for the cold , dark , winter season . "
Unless dust interferes , which is unlikely in the coming months , the solar panels on both rovers should gradually generate more electricity .
Operators hope that Spirit will recharge its batteries enough to awaken from hibernation , start communicating and resume science tasks .
Unlike recent operations , Opportunity will not have to rest to regain energy between driving days .
The gradual increase in available sunshine will eventually improve the rate of Opportunity 's progress across a vast plain toward its long - term destination , the Endeavour Crater .
This month , some of Opportunity 's drives have been planned to end at an energy - favorable tilt on the northern face of small Martian plain surface ripples .
The positioning sacrifices some distance to regain energy sooner for the next drive .
Opportunity 's cameras can see a portion of the rim of Endeavour on the horizon , approximately eight miles away , across the plain 's ripples of windblown sand .
" The ripples look like waves on the ocean , like we 're out in the middle of the ocean with land on the horizon , our destination , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University in Ithaca , N.Y. Squyres is the principal investigator for Opportunity and Spirit .
" Even though we know we might never get there , Endeavour is the goal that drives our exploration . "
The team chose Endeavour as a destination in mid-2008 , after Opportunity finished two years examining the smaller Victoria Crater .
Since then , the goal became even more alluring when orbital observations found clay minerals exposed at Endeavour .
Clay minerals have been found extensively on Mars from orbit , but have not been examined on the surface .
" Those minerals form under wet conditions more neutral than the wet , acidic environment that formed the sulfates we 've found with Opportunity , " said Squyres .
" The clay minerals at Endeavour speak to a time when the chemistry was much friendlier to life than the environments that formed the minerals Opportunity has seen so far .
We want to get there to learn their context .
Was there flowing water ?
Were there steam vents ?
Hot springs ?
We want to find out . "
Launched in 1975 , Project Viking consisted of two orbiters , each carrying a stationary lander .
Viking Lander 1 was the first successful mission to the surface of Mars , touching down on July 20 , 1976 .
It operated until Nov. 13 , 1982 , more than two years longer than its twin lander or either of the Viking orbiters .
The record for longest working lifetime by a spacecraft at Mars belongs to a later orbiter : NASA 's Mars Global Surveyor operated for more than 9 years after arriving in 1997 .
NASA 's Mars Odyssey , in orbit since in 2001 , has been working at Mars longer than any other current mission and is on track to take the Mars longevity record late this year .
Science discoveries by the Mars Exploration Rover have included Opportunity finding the first mineralogical evidence that Mars had liquid water , and Spirit finding evidence for hot springs or steam vents and a past environment of explosive volcanism .
Explore further NASA Mars Orbiter Photographs Spirit and Vikings on the Ground
More information : Mars Exploration Rover Mission , Mars Exploration Rover Mission , http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov/home/index.html
Provided by NASA
CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico —
At less than 5 feet 6 inches with acne and a mop of curly hair , 17 - year - old Jose Antonio does n’t look particularly menacing .
But in his tender years , he has seen more firefights and murders than many soldiers serving in Iraq or Afghanistan .
Indeed , Jose Antonio has come of age in a war zone .
And he has served as a soldier , siding squarely with the insurgent drug gangs of Juarez .
He said he first picked up a gun at 12 years old , when he joined the calaberas , or “ skulls , ” one of the gangs that rule the slums that climb up sun-baked hills on the west side of this sprawling border city .
By 14 , he had his hand in armed robberies and drug dealing and was involved in regular gun battles with rival gangs , he confessed to police .
At 16 , he was nabbed for possession of a small arsenal of weapons — including two automatic rifles and an Uzi — and accessory to a drug - related murder .
He was sentenced to three years and one month in the “ Juarez School of Improvement , ” the city 's juvenile detention center known more for the hardened and desperate young adults who emerge than for any kind of improvement .
“ Being in shoot - outs is just pure adrenalin , ” he said , smiling , as he sat in the youth prison ’s dining area behind a towering outer wall that is protected against gunfire by sandbags and guards hidden behind ski masks for their own protection .
Teenagers and young men like Jose Antonio provide a vast army of recruits for the drug cartel armies , which produce cheap assassins - for - hire who have drowned the streets in blood .
There have been more than 5,500 murders in Juarez since January 2008 .
More than 1,400 of the victims , or about a quarter of the total , are under 24 .
Watch a video about inmates who believe turning to Jesus can help stem the violence :
Back in the 20th century , Mexican " gatilleros , " or triggermen , were mostly older professionals , who dispatched their victims in the dark of the night — a life described in a 1983 book “ The Black of the Black , ” by Jose Gonzalez .
“ I started killing at age 28 and in my conscience know of more than 50 individuals I have sent to the other world , ” wrote Gonzalez .
But in the explosive war for control of Juarez ’s trafficking routes and street corners , many killers are teenagers or in their early 20s , enlisted from bloodthirsty street gangs .
While the older triggermen used to make small fortunes for their sanguine trade , gang members say they will now carry out a murder for as little as $ 100 .
“ There is killing every single day .
So now it ’s no big deal , ” Jose Antonio said , unblinking .
“ You see dead bodies and you feel nothing . ”
Prison authorities agreed to let Jose Antonio and other inmates speak on the condition that full names or photos not be used .
Speaking to the press can be seen as informing and alleged " suplones , " or snitches , are regularly murdered here .
The School of Improvement now holds 63 inmates under the age of 19 , convicted of crimes including homicide , kidnapping and rape .
More than 90 percent are gang members , said prison psychologist Elizabeth Villegas , but they represent only a tiny fraction of the tens of thousands of gangbangers on Juarez ’s streets .
“ Most come from broken families and do n’t recognize rules or limits , ” Villegas said .
“ They do n’t feel anything that they have murdered people .
They just do n’t understand the pain that they have caused others . ”
Drug cartels know that teenage assassins face little time in jail .
Under Mexican law , a minor can receive a maximum sentence of five years whatever the crime .
If the same deeds were committed over the border in Texas , they could be imprisoned for up to 40 years , or for life if they were tried as adults .
Jose Antonio ’s family is typical of those populating the slums that have sprawled on the outskirts of Juarez in recent decades .
His parents immigrated from a country village in the southern state of Veracruz to sweat for $ 6 a day in assembly plants owned by Japanese and American firms .
While they held old - fashioned country customs , celebrating village saint days and respecting the power of local patriarchs , he grew up in a city of 1.3 million , flooded with drugs heading north , and guns and contraband consumer goods flowing south .
His parents labored for long hours on production lines , leaving him alone for much of the day and he quickly become involved in the “ Calaberas ” street gang .
" The gang becomes like your home , your family .
You feel part of something , ” he said .
“ And you know the gang will back you up if you are in trouble . ”
A recent study found that 120,000 Juarez youngsters aged 13 to 24 — or 45 percent of the total — are not enrolled in any education or do not have any formal employment .
Drug cartels step in to provide jobs , using their operatives in the slums to look out for talented young gunslingers for hire , the imprisoned gang members explained .
The incorporation of street gang members into the cartel armies has lead to bloody repercussions .
When a few members of a gang are identified as working for a cartel , a rival cartel often tries to wipe out the entire gang , massacring the youth of certain neighborhoods .
The mother of one imprisoned gang member showed a deserted street corner outside her home .
“ A year ago there was about 20 kids hanging around here .
Now almost all of them have been killed , ” she said , asking her name be withheld in case of repercussions .
“ I am glad my son is in prison or else he probably would have been murdered by now too . ”
Social worker Sandra Ramirez counsels teenagers in the slums and has seen dozens of youngsters get recruited into the ranks of organized crime in jobs including look - outs and drug sellers as well as assassins .
She said that parents here often neglect their children , with many broken homes and demanding jobs in assembly plants or in the city ’s huge sex industry .
“ We have been a permissive society and let a lot of things pass , ” she said .
“ I work with one 14 - year - old , whose parents are broken up and each has a new family .
He does n’t feel he has a family himself so he spends all day on the street and that is where he has started criminal activities . ”
However , she said the government has also grossly disregarded the slums , failing to provide adequate schools or job opportunities .
“ The government just puts Band - Aids on the problems ... .
It is only them ( the cartels ) that are coming to these kids and offering them anything , ” Ramirez said .
“ They offer them money , cell phones and guns to protect themselves .
You think these kids are going to refuse ?
They have nothing to lose .
They only see the day to day .
They know they could die and they say so .
But they do n’t care .
Because they have lived this way all their lives . ”
7 circles of Juarez : a series
Video : who is fighting , who is dying and why
Video : who 's to blame ?
Timeline : the meltdown of Juarez
Harvey was more than occasional collaborator , he was a genuine hero of mine , and I am royally pissed with the rules of the Universe , wherein he gets sick and dies .
So in between my regular duties this week ( finishing a Simpsons script , editing two new indie projects and teaching at my school ) , I ’m spending two posts going on about late great Harvey Pekar .
Today is part one :
DISCOVERING PEKAR :
I first came across him as a teenager with issue # 5 of his American Splendor ( seen above ) from 1980 .
That ’s a scan of my copy , complete with Scotch tape over the place where I tore it some years ago .
Torn comics are loved comics .
I bought it because of my then - current drug of choice , Robert Crumb , with a cover and fifteen more pages inside by the underground master .
With Mr. Fritz the Cat on board , how could whatever this was , not be worth it ?
And it was , from the moment I picked it up .
It starts by dryly advertising sickness , old age , unfunny jokes , and a decrepit Jewish guy under a banner promising the splendor of Cleveland .
That ’s crack - flavored Kool - Aid to my sense of humor .
But check out this bitchin’ back cover .
That ’s the first Harvey Pekar story I ever read :
Advice on how to avoid the sniffles while riding in an elevator – with a ending that strongly hints it WILL be continued next issue .
At this point I ’m berserk with joy , because I ’m rocking a belief that this whole magazine is going to be some sort of wry put - on about boy ’s own adventure stories … giving us “ TALES OF THE STUNNINGLY MUNDANE ” .
But it was n’t quite that , even if it seemed to many that it was .
There was far more tickingin the brain of Pekar than that one - off joke .
Inside were comics on the history of Cleveland neighborhoods , memories of a holocaust survivor , tales of manners and lending money , and the existential terror of hypochondria , all sprinkled together with these tiny comic snapshots that stick to one ’s memory as the days trip by .
The art by Crumb was all you could ask for , and the other two thirds of the book had it ’s own treasures … from the slick , photo referenced ( but baroque ) Gerry Shamray :
To the very charming team of Budgett and Dumm .
These three very different styles of art added to the perfect little package that this particular issue seemed to be .
This stuff was like nothing I had every read in a comic book , or seen as entertainment anywhere , and I was junkie - hooked for life .
I mean , we did have “ realism ” in the comics at the time … .
Not just with superheroes , but also with the gritty , true - life “ undergrounds ” .
Nothing existed like American Splendor .
It was part comedy , part Haiku , part journalism , and part self loathing confessional , all from the unlikely point of view of a V.A. Hospital file clerk in Ohio .
And over the years , we got Harvey ’s view on the history of Jazz , obsessive compulsive disorder , race relations , more existentialist fear , cancer survival , marriage and parenthood , growing fame and fortune , brutal honesty , and the occasional knee slapping joke .
Harvey was a greater influence on my work that most people would guess , and if you read this webcomic ( from just a few weeks ago ) , you ’ll see what I ’m talking about .
That particular webcomic got a very positive response , and I kept telling folks I had n’t done much to deserve their praise …
I simply transcribed a true story as honestly and as straightforwardly as possible , hoping to tug at your basic humanity a little .
In other words , I just stole Harvey ’s act .
COMING UP IN PART TWO :
As I was writing this column , it occurred to me that the truly best way to tell the story of meeting and eventually working with Harvey Pekar , is in comic form …
So I ’m drawing it as we speak , and it will be ready for Saturday Morning with Bun Toons .
Hope to see you there .
In the meantime , here ’s some pages from a couple of the stories we did together for the last run of American Splendor at Vertigo .
There was vague talk of doing a graphic novel together recently , or maybe something else , but it never got worked out , I figured I ’d have time when my schedule cleared up , and I ’d talk to Harvey about it in another month or so …
I should not have waited to call him back .
Words cannot describe the fun it is to get to work with one of your lifelong heroes .
Literally a dream come true .
HARVEY PEKAR FUN EXTRAS :
Back in the 80s , Harvey had a fan on the Letterman staff who booked our hero to appear a dozen times or so on Dave ’s old NBC show .
Harvey generally behaved in a very entertaining manner for a while , but as the bookings continued , he started to become quixotically obsessive about “ outing ” NBC as a front for the Pentagon war machine .
Promise me you ’ll head over to youtube , and watch this delightful battle of egos from the early days of colour TV and sound transmission .
It ’s a big part of why Harvey Pekar was the subject of a magnificent Hollywood movie about his life a half dozen years back .
The Letterman appearances introduced him to a larger audience , and it made for phenomenally entertaining comics and TV .
See you Friday for a new and shocking HOVERBOY FRIDAY , and on Saturday for HARVEY PEKAR : CRABBY MAN - CHILD OF DESTINY !
The Unauthorized Webcomic .
Ty the Guy OUT !
To share post :
Posted on by dcampbell1
By Harold Meyerson
Nationwide , estimates of teacher layoffs range from 100,000 to 300,000 , with some experts pegging the most likely number nearer the high end .
Layoffs are likely to be hardest on the youngest teachers — “ probably the most tech - savvy teachers we have , ” says Rep. George Miller , the California Democrat who chairs the House Education and Labor Committee .
Nor do many talented , young people elect to enter the profession , he adds , when the profession is shrinking .
One of the signal accomplishments of the Obama stimulus package enacted last year was to spare school districts from more draconian cuts .
Of the $ 787 billion legislation , $ 100 billion was directed to schools ; while districts still had to lay off teachers and reduce course offerings , hundreds of thousands of layoffs and other cuts were averted .
In California , for instance , the state ’s inspector general of stimulus spending found that the federal program funded 50,138 education jobs in 2009 that would otherwise have been lost .
One of the precious few points of consensus in our polarized land is that we need to do a better job educating our kids .
But consensus , apparently , gets you only so far .
In red states and blue , in urban , suburban and rural districts with unionized and non-unionized teachers , the story is the same :
The worst recession since the 1930s is clobbering the nation ’s schools .
In Indiana and Arizona , the legislatures have eliminated free all - day kindergarten .
In Kansas , some school districts have gone to four - day weeks .
In New Jersey , 60 percent of school districts are reducing their course offerings .
In Albuquerque , the number of school district employees is down 10 percent .
In the D.C. suburbs , Maryland ’s Prince George ’s and Virginia ’s Prince William counties have increased their class sizes .
A recent American Association of School Administrators survey of 453 school districts in 45 states shows how bad things are .
One - third of the districts are looking at eliminating summer school this year .
Fourteen percent are considering going to four - day weeks ( last year , just 2 percent did ) .
Fully 62 percent anticipate increasing class size next year , up from 26 percent in the current school year .
The teacher - to - pupil ratio , the AASA says , will rise from 15 to 1 to 17 to 1 .
Nationwide , estimates of teacher layoffs range from 100,000 to 300,000 , with some experts pegging the most likely number nearer the high end .
Layoffs are likely to be hardest on the youngest teachers — “ probably the most tech - savvy teachers we have , ” says Rep. George Miller , the California Democrat who chairs the House Education and Labor Committee .
Nor do many talented , young people elect to enter the profession , he adds , when the profession is shrinking .
One of the signal accomplishments of the Obama stimulus package enacted last year was to spare school districts from more draconian cuts .
Of the $ 787 billion legislation , $ 100 billion was directed to schools ; while districts still had to lay off teachers and reduce course offerings , hundreds of thousands of layoffs and other cuts were averted .
In California , for instance , the state ’s inspector general of stimulus spending found that the federal program funded 50,138 education jobs in 2009 that would otherwise have been lost .
But the $ 100 billion that the feds sent to the schools is largely spent , and no omnibus second stimulus looms .
One problem with the current wave of deficit hawkery is that while it purports to be concerned with the nation ’s long - term debt , its immediate consequence is to block spending that could speed the recovery and restore sounder financial footing .
By defunding education , however , it endangers our short - term recovery and our long - term economic prospects .
Not to mention the development of America ’s children .
“ You ca n’t just push the pause button on kids ’ education and say , ‘ Wait a while , ’ ” says Iowa Democrat Tom Harkin , who chairs the Senate ’s Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions .
Yet there is little willingness in Congress to craft another broad stimulus package even though education provisions plainly enhance the nation ’s ability to create a globally competitive workforce .
There is also little support for finding offsetting cuts or tax hikes to pay for such a bill .
Accordingly , Miller and Harkin have introduced legislation in their respective houses narrowly targeted to saving the schools .
Each has authored a provision to allot $ 23 billion to education for the coming fiscal year , with the hope of including it in the next supplemental appropriation bill that contains emergency appropriations that do n’t have to be offset by cuts or tax hikes .
( Miller ’s provision also includes an additional $ 2 billion to help local governments avoid laying off police officers and firefighters . )
“ I know that senators and congressmen are concerned about the debt , ” says Harkin .
“ But if there ’s one area where it should be not just permissible but wise to borrow from the future , it ’s education .
There is n’t a family in America that would n’t say it ’s okay to borrow money to help their kids go to college .
Why is it wrong to borrow money to make sure there ’s a college for those kids to go to ? ”
Why , indeed ?
It is a mantra of the deficit hawks that they are working to ensure their children and grandchildren will one day have the same opportunities that they have had .
But right now , in real time , those same children and grandchildren are having those opportunities taken away .
Assuming that the deficit - phobes ’ concern for the young , and for America ’s future , is n’t simply a cloak for other agendas , they need to support Miller and Harkin ’s legislation .
Their bills protect America ’s future — and that future is now .
meyersonh@washpost.com
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Print
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Economy , Politics , Uncategorized | Tagged : Add new tag , American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , Education |
There ’s only so many events at the WSOP , so if you have an itch to play on an off day ( or are looking for something to fit a tighter budget ) , we ’ve got your options here – a list of every tournament running in Vegas during the WSOP .
As the WSOP has grown in popularity , other poker rooms have realized that there ’s decent money to made in the spillover from WSOP attendance .
Now , in addition to all of the pomp and circumstance of the WSOP events at the Rio , poker players have their choice of a veritable buffet of tournament options .
Please note that while every effort has been made to make this list as comprehensive and accurate as possible , things change , and as a result you should confirm the details of any particular tournament with the room before showing up .
What ’s covered in this list ?
Well , there ’s the WSOP , of course , all fifty gagillion events .
There ’s also complete schedules for parallel major tournament series running at the Golden Nugget , Binions , Caesar ’s , Bellagio and the Venetian .
Note that other casinos will no doubt be bumping up their daily and weekly tournament offerings as well ; you ’ll have the best luck finding one - off tournaments at the Aria , The Orleans and the MGM Grand .
For poker room reviews , including several poker rooms on the Strip , check out our poker room reviews here .
The list is in spreadsheet form and is sortable by date , time , casino , format , type of event and buy in .
View the spreadsheet as a Google Document .
Download the spreadsheet in Excel format .
Do You Want Free CardRunners ?
Choose : Yes | No
Image caption
The bill envisages fines of 150 euros for women wearing the full veil
France 's lower house of parliament has overwhelmingly approved a bill that would ban wearing the Islamic full veil in public .
There were 335 votes for the bill and only one against in the 557 - seat National Assembly .
It must now be ratified by the Senate in September to become law .
The ban has strong public support but critics point out that only a tiny minority of French Muslims wear the full veil .
Many of the opposition Socialists , who originally wanted the ban limited only to public buildings , abstained from voting after coming under pressure from feminist supporters of the bill .
President Nicolas Sarkozy has backed the ban as part of a wider debate on French identity but critics say the government is pandering to far - right voters .
Muslim headscarves
The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women .
These scarves come in myriad styles and colours .
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .
The niqab is a veil for the face that leaves the area around the eyes clear .
However , it may be worn with a separate eye veil .
It is worn with an accompanying headscarf .
The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic veils .
It covers the entire face and body , leaving just a mesh screen to see through .
The al - amira is a two - piece veil .
It consists of a close fitting cap , usually made from cotton or polyester , and an accompanying tube - like scarf .
The shayla is a long , rectangular scarf popular in the Gulf region .
It is wrapped around the head and tucked or pinned in place at the shoulders .
The khimar is a long , cape - like veil that hangs down to just above the waist .
It covers the hair , neck and shoulders completely , but leaves the face clear .
The chador , worn by many Iranian women when outside the house , is a full - body cloak .
It is often accompanied by a smaller headscarf underneath .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
After the vote , Justice Minister Michele Alliot - Marie said it was a victory for democracy and for French values .
" Values of freedom against all the oppressions which try to humiliate individuals ; values of equality between men and women , against those who push for inequality and injustice . "
The vote is being closely watched in other countries , the BBC's Christian Fraser reports from the French capital Paris .
Spain and Belgium are debating similar legislation , and with such large - scale immigration in the past 20 or 30 years , identity has become a popular theme across Europe , our correspondent says .
' Open - faced democracy '
The bill would make it illegal to wear garments such as the niqab or burka , which incorporate a full - face veil , anywhere in public .
It envisages fines of 150 euros ( £ 119 ) for women who break the law and 30,000 euros and a one - year jail term for men who force their wives to wear the burka .
The niqab and burka are widely seen in France as threats to women 's rights and the secular nature of the state .
" Democracy thrives when it is open - faced , " Ms Alliot - Marie told the National Assembly when she presented the bill last week .
She stressed the bill , which makes no reference to Islam or veils , was not aimed at " stigmatising or singling out a religion " .
Berengere Poletti , an MP from Mr Sarkozy 's centre - right UMP party , said women in full veils wore " a sign of alienation on their faces " and had to be " liberated " .
Andre Gerin of the Communist opposition compared the veil to " a walking coffin , a muzzle " .
' Fear of foreigners '
The bill is also seen as a touchstone for the Sarkozy administration 's policy of integration .
It is grappling with disaffected immigrant communities as it seeks to prevent a repeat of the mass unrest of 2005 on run-down French housing estates .
PATH TO VEIL BAN Ratification : Becomes law if passed by Senate in September
Review : French Constitutional Council studies new law once it is ratified
Introduction : Takes effect six months after ratification
Ruling : Challenge possible through the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg Face - veil driver fined in France
But critics point to government studies showing that many women do not fit the stereotype of marginalised , oppressed women .
There are estimated to be only about 2,000 women wearing the full veil in France though the bill is opposed by many of France 's five million Muslims .
Mohammed Moussaoui , the head of the French Council of the Muslim Faith , a government advisory body , has supported taking steps to discourage women from wearing the full veil but has said a legal ban would stigmatise a vulnerable group .
Jean Glavany , a Socialist MP , said he opposed the ban on the grounds that it was " nothing more than the fear of those who are different , who come from abroad , who are n't like us , who do n't share our values " .
The Council of State , France 's highest administrative body , warned in March that the law could be found unconstitutional .
If the bill passes the Senate in September , it will be sent immediately to France 's Constitutional Council watchdog for a ruling .
Another challenge is possible at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg , where decisions are binding .
In another development , a French businessman , Rachid Nekkaz , said he would set up a 1 m - euro fund to help women pay fines imposed under the new law .
A ban in the street would violate constitutional principles , he argued .
Sigmar Polke , an artist of infinite , often ravishing pictorial jest , whose sarcastic and vibrant layering of found images and maverick painting processes left an indelible mark on the last four decades of contemporary painting , died Thursday in Cologne , Germany .
He was 69 .
The cause was complications from cancer , said Gordon VeneKlasen , a partner at the Michael Werner Gallery New York which , along with Galerie Michael Werner in Cologne , has been Mr. Polke ’s chief representative for nearly 20 years .
Mr. Polke ( pronounced POLL - ka ) was nearly as influential as Robert Rauschenberg , Jasper Johns and Andy Warhol , the postwar titans who made his own work possible .
And ultimately his influence could even exceed theirs through its sheer diversity , stylistic promiscuity and joyful , ruthless exploitation and expansion of the ways and means of several mediums .
He made prints and sculpture and in his youth , and dabbled memorably in Conceptual and installation art , with potatoes being a favored material .
His peregrinations in and around the mediums of drawing and photography were extensive , meriting enormous retrospectives and forming second and third careers .
How Money Restricts Life ’s Pleasures
Spare a thought for the super - rich , the poor darlings can’t appreciate a tin of spam , a lump of coal or a cardboard box the way you and I can .
It ’s a mystery why money does n’t make us happy , because it feels like it damn well should .
With money we can buy whatever we want , go wherever we want , even be whoever we want .
Surely that should make us happy ?
And yet study after study shows that in affluent societies money might bring satisfaction , but it does n’t bring much happiness .
Perhaps , as people become really rich , they do n’t choose more enjoyable activities ( i.e. they stay in the office working ) ?
Perhaps material goods just ca n’t make us happy ?
Or perhaps there is always someone richer , spoiling the party with their more impressive wealth ?
Failure to savour
There ’s something missing from these accounts , though , and it ’s the old argument that when you live in luxurious surroundings , have experienced the best restaurants and received the most lavish gifts , it becomes more difficult to savour the simple things in life .
Supporting this account , a new study published in Psychological Science has found that participants were less able to savour positive emotions both when they were richer themselves and when they were prompted to think about wealth by looking at a picture of money ( Quoidbach et al. , 2010 ) .
In a second study participants who were cued with the idea of money did n’t enjoy or savour a chocolate bar as much as those not reminded of money .
When participants looked at a picture of money beforehand , the average time spent eating the chocolate went down from 45 seconds to 32 seconds .
Levels of enjoyment reported afterwards also went down , from 5 to 3.6 on a scale of 1 to 7 , where 7 is maximum enjoyment .
And this is only the effect of looking at a picture of money for a few seconds .
Think what our society , with its constant reminders of opulence in both public and private , are doing to us .
It ’s a wonder we can enjoy anything .
Relativistic psychology
This is just one facet of our mind ’s habit of comparing everything with everything else , from complex concepts like money right down to the most basic perceptual level .
Like when you open your eyes in the morning , or turn up the volume on your mp3 player ; for a moment the senses are overloaded but soon the contrast fades as the mind acclimatises .
It ’s easy to forget that things are n’t ‘ loud ’ or ‘ bright ’ , they are just ‘ louder ’ or ‘ brighter ’ than something else .
Money is just one more thing that our minds treat in this relativistic fashion .
So spare a thought for the super - rich , the poor darlings can’t appreciate a tin of spam , a lump of coal or a cardboard box in quite the same way that you and I can .
It ’s not much of a silver lining I ’ll grant you , but it ’s something to hold on to .
Image credit : Darrren Hester
THERE are some 33 m people living with HIV in the world today , estimates UNAIDS , the United Nations agency charged with combating the disease and supporting the rights of those affected .
Travel restrictions are one type of discrimination these people can face .
In the past year , both China and America have lifted 20 - odd - year bans stopping individuals with HIV from entering , but 51 countries still restrict movement in some form ( be it entry to the country or a stay therein ) based on a person 's HIV status .
Our tables show those countries applying the severest restrictions to HIV sufferers , including the denial of entry visas and even deportation .
Many countries in the Middle East impose strict restrictions — and also report among the lowest HIV prevalence rates .
Here 's another approach ( one of many alternatives ) to building resilient communities that may be of interest :
There seems to be a considerable amount of interest ( on my backchannel ) in building resilient communities as completely new and professionally designed housing developments .
Given how terrible the housing market is ( and will continue to be from here on out ) , this makes sense .
It 's the only game in town .
It 's also an effort that has the potential to succeed .
There are hundreds of thousands of people ( soon to be millions ) that both fear the social / economic tsunami ahead and have the ( current ) financial resources to fully fund the development of resilient communities .
These people have a overwhelming desire to circle the wagons ( for themselves now , for retirement , or their extended families ) while they still can .
However , serving this emerging market is going to require a major shift in culture for most traditional developers .
Why ?
Selling a resilient community is a very different process than selling a house ( school quality , commute distance , architectural amenities , etc. ) or a retirement / vacation retreat ( luxury , services , access , etc. ) .
It 's about selling a complete and integrated economic and social system ( of which there are many designs to choose from ) , in microcosm .
In short , these communities need to embody a vision of a viable and vibrant future that will persist despite widespread global failure .
As a result , successful developments that serve this emerging market will need to do everything from finding ways to fund the buildout and management of new resilient community infrastructures to the ongoing economic / financial support required to establish and grow a large number of prosperous local producers ( that will eventually power the community over the longer run as the global situation worsens ) .
Anything less wo n't sell .
What do you get when you combine a styrofoam box , duct tape , orange paint , a weather balloon , and 2 old Canon cameras ?
Apparently , images that look like they 're from NASA .
Advertisement
The Pacific Star II Project was conceived by Colin Rich .
He set up 2 cameras , insulated them in a styrofoam box and attached the box to a weather balloon .
The cameras were programmed to take 3 pictures every 3 minutes and then shoot a minute of video and this video is what came out of it .
Advertisement
Some people say the best camera is the one that 's with you , I guess we should also include the camera that 's 125,000 feet up in the air , as well .
Video by Colin Rich
Image caption Patel worked as a surgeon at a Queensland hospital
A US surgeon convicted of manslaughter after botching a series of operations has been jailed for seven years by an Australian court .
Jayant Patel , an Indian - born US citizen dubbed " Dr Death " by Australian media , worked at a Queensland hospital between 2003 and 2005 .
He was found guilty at the Brisbane Supreme Court earlier this week of the manslaughter of three patients .
He was also convicted of causing grievous bodily harm to a patient .
Patients hidden
Patel had pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of Gerry Kemps , James Phillips and Mervyn Morris , and causing grievous bodily harm to Ian Vowles .
Prosecutors argued that Patel 's operations were well below the standard of a competent surgeon .
During the 14 - week trial , the court heard that he had botched operations , misdiagnosed patients , removed healthy organs and used sloppy surgical techniques during his time at Bundaberg Base Hospital .
Nurses used to hide patients from him because of their concerns about the quality of his work , the court heard .
Prosecutors had requested a 10 - year sentence .
Before arriving in Australia , Patel had been banned from conducting surgery in the US states of New York and Oregon .
Tesla to build electric Toyota Rav4
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Tesla Motors will produce electric Rav4 crossover SUVs for Toyota Motor Co. beginning in 2012 , the two companies announced Friday .
Toyota ( TM ) announced in May that it planned to invest $ 50 million in Tesla Motors ( TSLA ) upon the completion of the electric car maker 's initial public offering , which took place on June 29 .
Email
Print
Tesla Motors will build an electric version of the Toyota Rav4 crossover in 2012 .
A fleet of electric Rav4 prototypes will be delivered later this year , the two automakers said .
The first prototype has already been built , the automaker said , and is undergoing evaluation .
" Tesla seeks to learn and benefit from Toyota 's engineering , manufacturing , and production expertise , while Toyota aims to learn from Tesla 's EV technology , daring spirit , quick decision - making , and flexibility , " the automakers said in the joint announcement .
Tesla currently sells the Tesla Roadster , a two - seat electric sports car that sells for over $ 100,000 .
In 2012 , Tesla plans to begin production of the Model S , an electric sedan capable of seating up to seven people .
That car will be built at a Fremont , Calif. , plant that had been jointly operated by Toyota and General Motors prior to GM 's bankruptcy .
Toyota used an earlier version of the Rav4 as an electric vehicle in the 1990s during a time that California required automakers to sell vehicles with engines that produced zero emissions .
That electric Rav4 competed against General Motors ' EV1 electric car .
Some of those electric Rav4s are still in operation , including several that Toyota uses at its Newark , N.J. , port facilities .
Toyota , which is already the industry leader in gas - electric hybrid cars , is also looking for other partners to develop future alternative fuel technologies .
In fact , collaboration with other companies is expected to be a key part of Toyota 's alternative fuel strategy , company executives have said .
Toyota executives have , in the past , expressed doubts about the market potential for purely electric cars .
They cited the vehicles ' high cost , relatively short driving distance , long charging times and questionable battery technology .
Last year , Toyota revealed a concept version of a tiny electric " city car " with a 40 - mile range .
That car was under development , Toyota said at the time , and intended primarily for short - term rental use within cities .
Toyota plans to introduce a plug - in version of the Toyota Prius hybrid car in 2011 , but that vehicle would still use a gasoline engine as its primary power source .
On the morning of Dec. 30 , 2009 , I listened in disbelief as an NPR " terrorism " expert disingenuously explained how the suicide bombing that killed seven CIA employees in Afghanistan was especially hideous , because the CIA victims were spreading economic development and democracy through a Provincial Reconstruction Team ( PRT ) .
CIA Director Lou Panetta issued a statement saying , " Those who fell yesterday were far from home and close to the enemy , doing the hard work that must be done to protect our country from terrorism . ”
President Obama likewise glorified the CIA officers , calling them “ part of a long line of patriots who have made great sacrifices for their fellow citizens , and for our way of life . ”
On New Year 's Day , Washington Post staff writers Joby Warrick and Pamela Constable began to fill in some of the blanks that the initial propaganda had ignored .
Warrick and Constable reported that the seven CIA officers were " at the heart of a covert program overseeing strikes by the agency ’s remote - controlled aircraft along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border . "
In the past year , those strikes have killed more than 300 people ( perhaps as many as 700 ) who are invariably described by the U.S. news media as suspected insurgents , or militants , or terrorists , or jihadists — or as collateral damage , people killed by accident .
There is never any distinction made between Afghan nationalists fighting the U.S. occupation of their country and real terrorists who have inflicted intentional violence against civilians to achieve a political objective ( the classic definition of terrorism ) .
Likewise , the U.S. news media describes the Dec. 30 attack on the CIA officers as " terrorism , " although it does n't fit the definition since the CIA officers were engaged in military operations and thus represented a legitimate target under the law of war , certainly as much so as Taliban commanders far from the front lines .
One such commander , Jalaluddin Haggani , was said to have ordered the suicide attack from his base in North Waziristan in retaliation for drone strikes on his forces .
Haggani , a former CIA ally during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan , also has close ties to Pakistani intelligence .
Curiously , the bomb used in the suicide attack has been linked to the Pakistani intelligence service .
It is unclear , however , if Haggani arranged for the bomb to be delivered to suicide bomber Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi , the Jordanian agent whom the CIA summoned in the belief that he had information as to the whereabouts of a top Al Qaeda official .
What is clear is that Al - Balawi sacrificed his life to help to drive Americans from Islamic nations like Afghanistan , where they cause so much death and misery .
The mainstream media describes people like Al - Balawi as irrational " jihadists " with no appreciation for the fact that Americans are merely " defending " their " interests " in the region .
In the broadest sense , Al - Balawi 's suicide attack was retaliation for the murder of thousands of innocent Muslims in Iraq and Afghanistan , including ten civilians in Ghazi Khan Village in Narang district of the eastern Afghan province of Kunar .
The ten civilians were executed during a midnight raid on Dec 27 by what NATO called " non-military " ( meaning CIA ) American commandos .
The Strength of the Pa ... Valentine , Douglas Best Price : $ 7.95 Buy New $ 12.00 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
CIA commandos , often Green Berets and Navy SEALs hired into the CIA 's Special Activities Division , do not wear uniforms in violation of international rules of land warfare .
Instead they grow long beards and wear traditional Afghan garb and appear to be civilians .
During the post - 9/11 " global war on terror , " these teams have engaged in widespread kidnappings and executions .
CIA commandos are America 's Einsatzgruppen , the notorious Nazi death squads that hunted and terrorized partisans in the Russian countryside in World War Two .
Other CIA commandos function like the Gestapo , terrorizing the resistance cells in urban areas .
In both cases , their mission is to terrorize the civilian population into submission .
CIA Terrorism
NATO spokesmen initially labeled the ten victims in Ghazi Khan as " insurgents " belonging to a " terrorist " cell that manufactured improvised explosive devices used to kill occupation troops and civilians .
But later reports from Afghan government investigators and townspeople identified the dead as civilians , including eight students , aged 11 to 17 , enrolled in local schools .
All but one of the dead came from the same family .
According to a Dec. 31 article published by the Times of London , the CIA death squad flew by helicopter from Kabul , landing about two kilometers from the village .
The commandos snuck up to the residence , taking the inhabitants by surprise as they slept .
The commandos entered the first room and shot two of their victims — a guest and a student — then entered the second room and handcuffed seven other students , whom they executed in cold blood .
When the farmer with whom the students were staying heard the shooting and came outside , the commandos killed him too .
Protests over the killings erupted throughout Kunar Province , where the deaths occurred , as well as in Kabul .
Hundreds of protesters demanded that American occupation forces leave the country , and that the murderers be brought to justice .
A NATO spokesman claimed there was " no direct evidence to substantiate " the claims of premeditated murder .
And yet , the record of American forces engaging the first degree murder of unarmed people in Afghanistan and Iraq is a long one , with testimony about premeditated executions even emerging in U.S. military disciplinary hearings .
These types of " unilateral " ( done without informing any Afghan nationals ) CIA " covert actions " are increasing in frequency with Obama 's surge of 30,000 additional U.S. troops into Afghanistan .
Of course , this ratcheting up of the cycle of violence will only incite more and more revenge killings .
Indeed , the CIA immediately vowed to avenge the murder of its colleagues .
Typically , a public statement of revenge such as this is an invocation of the notorious 100 - to - one rule employed by the Nazis : anytime the partisans killed a member of the Gestapo or Einsatzgruppen , the Nazis killed 100 innocent civilians as punishment .
In the meantime , the surviving CIA personnel at Forward Operating Base Chapman have barricaded themselves inside their compound and are grilling the Afghan employees who were on duty at the time of the Dec. 30 bomb attack .
Afghans who worked with the CIA on the outside are locked out .
Given their elevated status and class prerogatives , CIA officers do not perform menial tasks , and every chauffeur , maid , and vendor will now be seen as a potential " double agent . "
This apprehension will spread ( as the suicide bomber and his masters intended ) from the bottom to the top : Afghan officials in the US - backed government knew little about unilateral CIA operations at FOW Chapman to begin with , but now , as mutual mistrust reaches unprecedented levels , they will have less input and the war will enter a bloodier phase reminiscent of the pacification of Iraq .
The Face of Terrorism — Provincial Reconstruction Teams
The events of the past week are instructive in explaining how CIA covert operations are conducted in concert with the U.S. news media .
Few Americans were aware that FOB Chapman was a CIA base camp .
The local Afghans , however , were well aware of this fact .
They also knew that the CIA used the Provincial Reconstruction Team ( PRT ) based at Chapman as a means of gathering — from informants , secret agents , and field interrogations — intelligence upon which to coordinate super - sophisticated drone attacks and crude paramilitary operations .
Composed of Afghan and US forces , the PRTs have been a foundation stone of the CIA 's secret government in Afghanistan since they were instituted in 2002 under the imprimatur of Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzadin .
As with all the entities the CIA has created in Afghanistan , the PRTs are entirely funded by the CIA , and staffed with collaborators under CIA control .
Naturally , the suicide bombing has cast doubt on the integrity of the intelligence the PRTs produce for the CIA .
Agents of the resistance have infiltrated the program and the PRTs are certainly going through an internal review .
But they will not be abandoned , and so it is instructive to know how they are organized and how they operate .
The PRTs provide CIA agents — usually Afghans working in the PRTs — with a covert way to recruit and meet sub-agents ( informants ) in the field .
CIA " officers " run " agents " in the field and these Afghan agents in turn run " sub-agents " — people in villages like Ghazi who spy on other people in the villages .
The Phoenix Program Valentine , Douglas Best Price : $ 7.70 Buy New $ 108.10 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
The CIA managers of the PRTs also rely on interpreters , as well as Afghan " counter - parts " in the secret police and military to determine if the intelligence given about " suspects " in a particular village is reliable .
This leap of faith carries considerable risk .
If a sub - agent in a village or an agent in the PRT is a double , a CIA death squad can easily be misdirected against innocent civilians .
Likewise , a drone strike could be directed against an enemy of Jalaluddin Haggani 's within the resistance .
The PRT " counter - terror " mission is to identify members of the resistance .
The sub -agent tells the PRT agent where the suspect lives in the village , how many people are in his house , where they sleep , and when they enter and leave the house .
He also provides a picture , if possible .
Other times a PRT agent will attempt to blackmail the suspect into becoming an informant , if there is reason to believe that is possible .
The PRT also has a " foreign intelligence " mission , which involves collecting intelligence on Taliban leaders and their Al Qaeda contacts in foreign nations , like Pakistan .
Obviously , al Qaeda and the Afghan resistance are aware of the CIA 's activities , and this fact casts suspicion on the CIA 's interpreters and counter - parts in the Afghan police and military .
All of this puts increasing pressure on the CIA to separate itself entirely from the untrustworthy , ungrateful Afghans it has come to liberate .
The CIA 's Provincial Reconstruction Teams are at the center of this dilemma .
Although it bills the PRTs as a means of spreading economic development and democracy , the CIA is not a social welfare program : its job is gathering intelligence and using it to capture , kill or turn the enemy into agents .
The PRTs are a means to achieve these goals — but only as long as the CIA can plausibly deny that it does so .
Thus , the two main purposes of PRTs are 1 ) maintaining the fiction that the US is a force for positive change and 2 ) providing the CIA with cover for its dirty business .
As the CIA tightens its security measures , and as the Obama administration moves to reactivate some of the most brutal and corrupt warlords who fought the Soviets in the 1980s , the PRTs and their " community defense forces " will become increasingly reliant on criminals and sociopaths — agents who have no compunctions about pursuing unilateral CIA policies and goals that are antithetical to Afghanistan 's national interests .
And that spells trouble for the CIA .
The Origins of PRTs in Vietnam
Much of this bloody strategy was tested during the Vietnam War .
In the early 1960s in South Vietnam , the CIA 's Covert Action Branch developed the programs that would , in 1965 , be grouped within its Revolutionary Development Cadre program .
The standard Revolutionary Development Team was composed of North Vietnamese defectors and South Vietnamese collaborators advised by U.S. military and civilian personnel under the management of the CIA .
The original model , known as a Political Action Team , was developed by CIA officer Frank Scotton .
The original PAT consisted of 40 men : as Scotton told me , " That ’s three teams of twelve men each , strictly armed .
The control element was four men : a commander and his deputy , a morale officer , and a radioman . "
" These are commando teams , ” Scotton stressed , “ displacement teams .
The idea was to go into contested areas and spend a few nights .
But it was a local responsibility so they had to do it on their own . ”
“ Two functions split out of this , ” Scotton added .
First was pacification .
Second was counter - terror .
As Scotton noted , " The PRU thing directly evolves from this . ”
The PRU , for Provincial Reconnaissance Unit , was the name given in 1966 to the CIA 's " counter - terror " teams , which had generated a ton of negative publicity in 1965 when Ohio Sen .
Stephen Young charged that they disguised themselves as Vietcong and discredited the Communists by committing atrocities , including murder , rape and mutilation .
Notably , propagandists like Mark Moyar , a professor of national security affairs at the Marine Corps University , advocate for the expansion of PRU - style counter - terror teams in Afghanistan .
[ See Consortiumnews.com 's " A Bad Vietnam Lesson for Afghanistan . " ]
Staffing is a crucial element of this " political action " strategy , and to this end Scotton developed a " motivational indoctrination " program , which is certainly used today in some form in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Scotton 's motivational indoctrination program was modeled on Communist techniques , and the process began on a confessional basis .
" On the first day , ” according to Scotton , “ everyone would fill out a form and write an essay on why they had joined . ”
The team 's morale officer “ would study their answers and explain the next day why they were involved in a special unit .
The instructors would lead them to stand up and talk about themselves . ”
The morale officer ’s job , he said , “ was to keep people honest and have them admit mistakes . ”
Not only did Scotton co-opt Communist motivational techniques , but he also relied on Communist defectors as his cadre .
“ They could communicate doctrine , and they were people who would shoot , ” he explained , adding , “ It was n’t necessary for everyone in the unit to be ex-Vietminh , just the leadership . ”
Indeed , the Vietnamese officer in charge of Scotton ’s PAT program , Major Nguyen Be , had been party secretary for the Ninth Vietcong Battalion before switching sides .
In 1965 , Scotton was transferred to another job , and Major Be , with his new CIA advisor , Harry " The Hat " Monk , combined CIA “ mobile ” Census Grievance cadre , PATs , and Counter - Terror Teams into the standard 59 - man Revolutionary Development ( RD ) team .
Census Grievance
Teams were the primary way RD agents contacted sub-agents in the villages — by setting up a portable shack in which civilians could privately complain about the government .
The PRTs very likely have this Census Grievance element in their intelligence unit .
Major Be ’s 59 - man Revolutionary Development teams were called Purple People Eaters by American soldiers , in reference to their clothes and terror tactics .
To the rural Vietnamese , the RD teams were simply “ idiot birds . ”
The Strength of the Wo ... Douglas Valentine Best Price : $ 16.57 Buy New $ 107.83 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
In mid-1965 the RD Cadre Program was officially launched and teams were sent across South Vietnam .
With standardization and expansion came the need for more advisers , so Thomas Donohue , the CIA officer in charge of Covert Action in South Vietnam , began recruiting military men .
Most came from US Special Forces , though the regular army , navy and marines also provide support personnel as " detailees " to the CIA .
“ We got to the point , ” Donohue told me , “ where the CIA was running a political program in a sovereign country where they did n’t know what the hell we were teaching .
But what kind of program could it be that had only one sponsor , the CIA , that says it was doing good ?
It had to be sinister .
Any red - blooded American could understand that .
What the hell is the CIA doing running a program on political action ?
“ So I went out to try to get some cosponsors for the record .
They were n’t easy to come by .
I went to [ USIS chief ] Barry Zorthian .
I said , `Barry , how about giving us someone ? ’
I talked to MACV about getting an officer assigned .
I had AID give me a guy . ”
But all of it , Donohue said , “ was window dressing .
We [ the CIA ] had the funds ; we had the logistics ; we had the transportation . ”
The same can undoubtedly be said for the PRTs in Afghanistan and Iraq .
PRTs in Iraq
The CIA 's RD Cadre program in Vietnam has been cloned into the Provincial Reconstruction Teams in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The PRT program started in Afghanistan in 2002 and migrated to Iraq in 2004 .
PRTs consist of anywhere between 50 and 100 civilian and military specialists .
The standard PRT has a military police unit , a psychological operations unit , an explosive ordinance - demining unit , an intelligence team , medics , a force protection unit , and administrative and support personnel .
Like Scotton 's teams in South Vietnam , they conduct terror , political , and psychological operations , under cover of fostering economic development and democracy .
Long ago the American people grew weary of the heavily censored but universally bad news they got about Iraq , and are now quiet happy to believe that PRTs have put Iraq back on its feet .
Americans are quite happy to forget about the devastation they wrought .
But few Iraqis are fooled by the " war as economic development " shell game , or by the deceitful standards the US government uses to measure the success of its PRT program .
In his correspondence with reporter Dahr Jamail , one Iraqi political analyst from Fallujah ( a neighborhood that was destroyed in order to save it ) put it succinctly when he said : " In a country that used to feed much of Arab world , starvation is the norm . "
According to another of Jamail 's correspondents , Iraqis " are largely mute witnesses .
Americans may argue among themselves about just how much “ success ” or “ progress ” there really is in post - surge Iraq , but it is almost invariably an argument in which Iraqis are but stick figures — or dead bodies . "
In a publication titled " Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience , " the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction describes its mission as the largest overseas rebuilding effort in U.S. history .
In some places in Iraq unemployment is at 40 – 60 percent .
Repairing war damage was the policy goal , but little connection was made between how the rebuilding would  or even could  bring about a democratic transition .
As in Iraq , the PRTs in Afghanistan are a gimmick to make Americans feel good about the oppressive occupations conducted for their benefit .
The supposed successes of the PRTs are cloaked in double - speak and meaningless statistics .
TDY Valentine , Douglas Best Price : $ 91.18 Buy New $ 157.66 ( as of 01:45 EST - Details )
After all , achieving statistical progress is not hard in nations whose infrastructures were destroyed by invasion and occupation , and where entire neighborhoods have been leveled in the name of security .
The hard truth is that the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq always have been less about combating Islamic " terrorism " and " protecting the homeland " than about projecting the dark side of the American collective psyche .
Protecting the People from the Knowledge of CIA Terrorism
Protecting Americans from any knowledge of the horror their government inflicts , is the job of the mainstream media .
Its propagandists will not tell you that the CIA has a policy of targeting civilians for recruitment as agents and informants , or that it intentionally detains , without charge , and interrogates civilians as a means of coercing information from them about the Islamic resistance to American aggression .
Civilians are knowingly killed and maimed in drone attacks , as well as raids by CIA commandos , as a means of terrorizing the people from associating in any way with the resistance .
It is the job of mainstream propagandists to disguise this policy and characterize these civilians as either members of the enemy infrastructure , or jihadists , and thus legitimate military targets .
Another thing you will not read about is the accommodation that normally exists between the opposing elites in any war .
This accommodation exists in the twilight zone between reality and imagination , in the fog of war .
It is why officers are separated from enlisted men in POW camps and given better treatment .
It is why officers of opposing armies have more in common with one another than they have with their own enlisted men .
Officers are trained to think of the lower ranks as canon fodder .
Officers know when they send a unit up a hill , some men will be killed .
That is why they do not fraternize with the lower ranks .
This class distinction exists across the world , and is the basis of the accommodation .
It is why the Bush family flew the bin Laden family , and other Saudi Royals , out of the United States in the days after 9 - 11 .
If anyone was a case officer to the 9 - 11 bombers , or had knowledge about the bombers or any follow - up plots , it was these " protected " people .
CIA officers too are among the Protected Few .
Blessed with false identities and bodyguards , they fly in private planes , live in villas , eat fancy food and enjoy state - of - the - art technology .
CIA officers tell army generals what to do .
They direct Congressional committees .
They assassinate heads of state and innocent children with equal impunity and indifference .
In Afghanistan they manage the drug trade from their hammocks in the shade .
They know the Taliban tax the farmers growing the opium , and they know that Karzai 's warlords convert the opium into heroin and fly it to the Russian mob .
They are amused by the antics of earnest DEA agents , who , in their patriotic bliss , cannot believe such an accommodation exists .
CIA officers are trained to exist in this moral netherworld , for the simple reason that the CIA in every conflict has a paramount need to keep secure communication channels open to the enemy .
The CIA , as part of its mandate , is authorized to negotiate with the enemy , but it can only do so as long as the channel is secure and deniable .
The mainstream media makes sure that no proof will ever exist , so the American public can be deceived .
But every once in a while , something disrupts the accommodation .
Take Iran Contra , when President Reagan publicly vowed never to negotiate with terrorists , then secretly sent a team of spies to Tehran to sell missiles to the Iranians and use the money to buy guns for the drug dealing Contras .
There are stated and unstated policies , and the CIA exists to pursue the government 's unstated policy .
And without an accommodation in Afghanistan , the CIA would not have a secure channel to the resistance to negotiate on simple matters like prisoner exchanges .
The Hotel Tacloban Valentine , Douglas Best Price : $ 21.15 Buy New $ 25.00 ( as of 01:35 EST - Details )
The exchange of British journalist Peter Moore for an Iraqi in CIA custody is an example of how the accommodation works in Iraq .
Moore was held by a Shia group allegedly allied to Iran , and his freedom depended entirely on the CIA communicating secretly and in good faith with America 's enemies in the Iraq resistance .
The details of such prisoner exchanges are never revealed by complicit assets in thee media , but the same channels of communication are used to discuss issues of strategic importance vital to any eventual reconciliation .
The Afghanis want reconciliation .
Apart from US policy , Karzai and his clique at every level have filial relations with the resistance .
And no matter how powerful the CIA and its doppelgangers in al Qaeda are , they cannot overcome that .
Ed Brady , an Army officer detailed to the CIA in Saigon in 1967 and 1968 , explains how the accommodation worked in Vietnam .
While Brady and his Vietnamese counterpart Colonel Tan were lunching at a restaurant in Dalat , Tan pointed at a woman eating noodle soup and drinking Vietnamese coffee at the table next to them .
He told Brady that she was the Viet Cong province chief 's wife .
Brady , of course , wanted to grab her and use her for bait .
Coolly , Colonel Tan said to him : " You do n't understand .
You do n't live the way we live .
You do n't have any family here .
You 're going to go home when this operation is over .
You do n't think like you 're going to live here forever .
But I have a home and a family and kids that go to school .
I have a wife that has to go to market … .
And you want me to go kill his wife ?
You want me to set a trap for him and kill him when he comes in to see his wife ?
If we do that , what are they going to do to our wives ? "
" The VC did n't run targeted operations against them either , " Brady explains .
" There were set rules that you played by .
If you went out and conducted a military operation and you chased them down fair and square in the jungle and you had a fight , that was okay .
If they ambushed you on the way back from a military operation , that was fair .
But to conduct these clandestine police operations and really get at the heart of things , that was kind of immoral to them .
That was not cricket .
And the Vietnamese were very , very leery of upsetting that . "
The CIA relies on such clandestine operations in Afghanistan , but only among working and middle class families , in an effort to rip apart the fabric of Afghan society , until the Afghan people accept American domination , through its ruling class .
And that , ultimately , is why CIA officers were targeted .
It has played a double game , violating the accommodation on the one hand , and exploiting it on the other .
The CIA is utterly predictable .
As programmed , it will go on a killing spree until its vengeance is satisfied .
But at the end of the day , the Afghan people will only hate the Americans more .
And that spells defeat for the CIA and America .
The Best of Douglas Valentine
Above all this windshield setting tool design reduces the physical requirement to remove and set windshields .
Unique setting blocks provides for precise fits .
Similarly , it works just like placing a windshield into a vertical glass rack .
The Setting Mate can be setup and removed in literally seconds .
The entire kit weighs less than 5 pounds and takes up virtually no space in the mobile vehicle .
Member Area
The members area for has moved to our new Mega - Site BeaverPalace.com
Your old credentials will all work .
So after my still developing issue , I went out trying to find some additional freelance work to help build up my portfolio and put some money away in the bank .
I wanted to skip the oDesks and outsourcing sites and go for something I thought may be a bit better : Job Boards .
So I checked out the 37 Signals Job Board and found this post .
How the brief was written scared me a little , but 37 Signals charges a pretty decent amount to post a listing so I figured it was all going to be kosher .
I added them to my list to contact and a few days later we spoke .
“ phenomsolutions1 ″ messaged me with no introduction spitting out loose questions around his project .
After his description of the product I informed him that doing this from the ground up would not be a inexpensive task .
He informed me he had “ loads of money . ”
After I quoted him , he quickly took that statement back and changed the scope of the project , we agreed on a price and the following conversation took place :
phenomsolutions1 : Do you have a merchant ?
Me : I ’m sorry ?
For payments / my invoicing ?
phenomsolutions1 : yes phenomsolutions1 : Credit card processing Me : My myself I use PayPal and invoice through FreshBooks .
phenomsolutions1 : I dont use paypal , or use my credit card through paypal phenomsolutions1 : any other option ?
Me :
Out of curiosity , why not ?
I will have to look into another option .
Me : ( We could run the project through oDesk . ) phenomsolutions1 : What if we run it through 99designs ?
Me : That seems odd .
phenomsolutions1 : why Me : I think I ’ll pass .
phenomsolutions1 : Why ?
Me : Because that is n’t the way business should be done .
phenomsolutions1 : Why not :S phenomsolutions1 : paypal isnt the end of the universe , paypal is where i lost about 4 grand last time i used it .
phenomsolutions1 : Like what the heck is wrong with 99designs Me : Because 99 Designs is used for contests .
There is a slew of things you could do to cancel out the process along the way .
Me : I have to protect myself here as well .
Me : ( I ’ve been screwed a number of times myself . ) phenomsolutions1 : I will start the contest and give you the login details for the account and you can change the passowrd and take full control .
Me :
It ’s okay .
I think I am going to pass though .
Best of luck with your project !
phenomsolutions1 : fuck you phenomsolutions1 : faggot phenomsolutions1 : you dumb dickhole phenomsolutions1 : dont fucking insult me phenomsolutions1 : calling me a scammer phenomsolutions1 : fucking pussy phenomsolutions1 : ill fuck you up phenomsolutions1 : bitch phenomsolutions1 : mother fucker Me : How am I insulting you ?
phenomsolutions1 : fuck you .
phenomsolutions1 : Fucking cunt .
phenomsolutions1 : you fucking insulted me phenomsolutions1 : you fucking idiot .
Me : How so ?
phenomsolutions1 : dont fucking insult me by calling me a scammer phenomsolutions1 : shut the fuck up now Me : I ’m just protecting myself in this situation .
phenomsolutions1 : your name is JIM WALKER , and you type * NOD * every 3 seconds Me : Have a good day .
phenomsolutions1 : so shutup phenomsolutions1 : fucking clown .
That promptly ended my bid to do any work with him or his company .
Do any of you run into this type of client every once and awhile ?
Or worse , have any of you ever gotten burned bad by a client ?
By Steve Goddard
This summer we have had confirmation that Arctic ice behaviour has everything to do with wind .
During June , winds were circulating clockwise in an inwards spiral , which caused ice extent to diminish and ice concentration to remain high .
Around July 1 , the patterns reversed and we have seen counterclockwise winds pushing ice away from the pole .
As a result , ice area / extent has scarcely changed and instead we see a gradual decline in average ice thickness .
The video below shows June / July ice movement and thickness .
The graph below shows changes in ice thickness during summer over the last five years .
Based on past behaviour , we can expect the average ice thickness to flatten sometime in the next two weeks .
It should bottom out somewhere between 2006 and 2009 .
NSIDC has warned me that PIPS is not an accurate measure of ice thickness , though I would have to say it has done remarkably well as a predictor of this summer ’s behavior .
As you can see below , 2010 is following a track similar to 2006 .
As you can see below , we have reached the midpoint of the melt season in the high Arctic , and temperatures have been slightly below normal there for most of the last 55 days .
There are only about 40 days left above freezing in the high Arctic .
http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/meant80n.uk.php
NCEP is forecasting below normal temperatures in most of the Arctic for the next two weeks .
The sea ice graphs have nearly flatlined since the beginning of the month .
DMI ’s graph is particularly interesting , since it only measures higher concentration ice , which is less likely to melt through .
http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/icecover.uk.php
Below is a closeup image showing that 2010 extent is now running close to 2006 .
The concentration and extent appears quite similar to 20 years ago .
It has been cloudy in the Arctic and you can clearly see the counterclockwise circulation in the satellite IR image below .
Clouds are white , ice is red .
http://ice-map.appspot.com/
The webcams continue to show a little ice on the surface of the meltponds , indicating ongoing below freezing temperatures at the North Pole .
http://psc.apl.washington.edu/northpole/webphotos/noaa2.jpg
We are at peak melt season , and there just is n’t much happening in the Arctic .
The Arctic Oscillation has turned slightly positive in July , which tends to keep cold air contained in the Arctic and out of lower latitudes .
http://www.cpc.noaa.gov/products/precip/CWlink/daily_ao_index/ao.sprd2.gif
The modified NSIDC map below shows ice loss ( red ) and ice gain ( green ) over the last week .
There has been slightly more loss than gain .
The modified NSIDC image below shows ice loss since early April .
The modified NSIDC image below shows the difference between 2010 ( green ) and 2007 ( red . )
There is clearly more ice now than in 2007 , and this is also shown in the NSIDC extent graph .
http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/images/daily_images/N_timeseries.png
Ice has flatlined in the North , while it goes through the roof in the south .
http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/images/daily_images/S_timeseries.png
In other words , the widely claimed polar meltdown continues to be nothing more than bad fiction .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Apple is finding an unlikely ally in its efforts to support HTML5 in preference to Adobe Flash as the platform for dynamic web content : pornographers .
According to a report by ConceivablyTech , leading adult film studio Digital Playground has announced its intentions to make the leap to HTML5 , based in part upon needing to target HTML5 to reach Apple 's iPhone users .
Digital Playground began offering its content to iPhone users two years ago .
Because Apple has a policy of not carrying pornography in its own curated App Store , the only option available to to the studio was to use the iPhone 's open , unrestricted web platform .
Adobe had failed to release a suitable version of Flash for the iPhone and other mobile platforms , so Digital Playground targeted HTML5 as its mobile delivery platform .
Adobe is now nearing the official release of its Flash player for Android , but Ali Joone , the founder and director of Digital Playground , " indicated that it is rather irrelevant to him whether Android will support Flash or not , " according to the report .
" Mobile browsers run HTML 5 very well , " Joone said .
" Flash brings everything to a crawl and has an impact on battery life .
With HTML 5 , there is no reason to show our content in Flash . "
Digital Playground continues to use Flash to target desktop users , but Joone noted that his company plans to make the shift there , too .
" We are waiting for browsers to catch up .
As soon as they are ready , we will move everything to HTML 5 , â noting it was âjust a matter of timeâ until Flash disappears .
â Itâs the next passing of the torch.â 
The power of Apple 's mobile platform to shift content producers toward open standards is based on dollars .
Digital Playground 's founder reported , " We were surprised how loyal iPhone and especially iPad owners are .
70 % of our customers are returning customers .
They spend a lot of money .â 
The federal government has closed 35 percent of the gulf waters under its jurisdiction to fishing .
Officials in Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida have also closed hundreds of miles of water along the coast .
The idea is to make the margins around the spill so wide that even areas several miles from the site are off limits .
" The main tool is that closed area , that red line , ” said John Stein , the head of the NOAA Deepwater Horizon oil spill seafood - safety program , who spoke with reporters in Pascagoula , Miss . , last week .
“ No fishing inside that red line . ”
Image Workers carry specimens of deep - water fish to the lab .
Credit ... Jeff Haller for The New York Times
Although the NOAA regularly keeps a handful of vessels in the gulf pulling samples to assess seafood stocks , in the months since the spill , the agency has provided 16 boats just to sample for evidence of oil .
Its laboratories in Mississippi and Seattle have processed 1,576 samples to date .
That includes oysters , which ca n’t move through oiled waters , and big fish like swordfish and tuna , which can .
Late last month , federal and state agencies responsible for keeping tainted seafood from the market announced new rules to help monitor gulf waters and determine when some areas can be reopened .
Initial responsibility now falls to a panel of seven trained analysts who smell samples of seafood from the area .
If three of the seven testers detect the smell of oil or other chemicals , the sample is deemed tainted and the area where it was found is closed to fishing or kept from reopening , said Christine Patrick , a NOAA spokeswoman .
If there is no taint , the sample is sent to labs in Seattle for chemical analysis .
Once the oil stops flowing and pressure mounts to reopen the closed areas , the panels could be called upon to test up to 100 samples a day .
It might seem a surprisingly unscientific method , but sensory testing is considered the gold standard .
“ The nose , believe it or not , is a sensitive organ and is capable of detecting low levels of hydrocarbons , ” said Joan Bowman of the International Food Protection Training Institute , a nonprofit organization financed by the W. K. Kellogg Foundation .
“ Some people have the DNA to do it and some do n’t . ”
So far , the organization has paid for 56 special sniffers to travel to the gulf for NOAA training .
The chemicals in petroleum have been linked to cancer if eaten at high levels over time , according to the F.D.A .
But since the chemicals are not believed to accumulate in the body , the F.D.A. has said that low levels are not necessarily harmful .
“ However , it should not be present at all , ” the agency said in the statement .
" La familia humana es funcional , y en ese sentido la sexualidad está orientada a la procreación " .
Esta es una de las premisas principales bajo la que algunos escolares se formarán a partir del próximo curso académico .
El Instituto Valenciano de Fertilidad , Sexualidad y Relaciones Familiares ( IVAF ) , vinculado al Opus Dei , ha desarrollado este programa de orientación y educación sexual para menores de entre cinco y 15 años a instancias de la archidiócesis valenciana .
El programa , denominado Saber Amar Básico Escolar ( SABE ) , pretende concienciar a los jóvenes de que el uso del preservativo " no es solución ninguna " , ya que " no previene al 100 % los embarazos no deseados ni todas las enfermedades " .
Así lo afirma Concepción Medialdea , autora del programa que , en declaraciones a PÚBLICO.ES , define a la familia como " funcional y compuesta por un padre y una madre , varón y mujer , entregados por amor " .
" El preservativo no es 100 % eficaz , es mejor no practicar sexo hasta el matrimonio "
La segunda unidad del programa consta de un apartado dedicado a la homosexualidad , la cual es tratada " desde el respeto " confirma Medialdea , pero " sin dar tratamiento de familia a las parejas homosexuales , porque obviamente , no es lo más adecuado " .
Respecto a la postura que adopta el programa sobre el acto sexual , el cual es considerado " únicamente para procrear dentro del matrimonio y entre un hombre y una mujer entregados , otra fórmula no es válida , no engañamos a la gente " .
Para la masturbación también existe un ' manual de buenas costumbres ' .
Catalogan este acto como " un vicio que lleva a una persona por el camino equivocado , planteando graves problemas en el matrimonio por restarle paciencia a la pareja , que ve satisfechas sus necesidades individualmente " .
La autora del programa concibe la sexualidad como un " don del amor " que se debe realizar con toda la información posible y bajo un " sexo responsable " que no es otra cosa que la " abstinencia " hasta que no se llegue al matrimonio , ya que " hay que tener siempre en cuenta al hijo , porque ningún método anticonceptivo es eficaz totalmente " .
Señala Medialdea que la importancia de este tipo de programas reside en evitar los " desórdenes psicológicos " que acarrean los jóvenes que empiezan a tener relaciones sexuales a una edad temprana , ya que " la adolescente acaba quedándose embarazada y eso altera todo su entorno " .
El arzobispado de Valencia tiene como objetivo aplicar en sus centros privados católicos esta formación que consideran más " acorde a la moral cristiana para educar a los menores conforme a las convicciones éticas de sus padres " , según fuentes del arzobispado , aunque " se podría aplicar a cualquier centro que lo solicite " .
Desde el IVAF aseguran que aún están en negociaciones con el arzobispado para empezar a desarrollar el programa en los centros educativos privados católicos a partir del próximo curso académico , que comienza en septiembre .
" Lo que plantea la consellería es la perversión de los menores "
En cambio , fuentes de la consellería de Educación de la Generalitat aseguran que este programa no tendrá cabida en colegios públicos .
" En estos centros rige la educación reglada por el Ministerio de Educación y el programa que plantea el arzobispado no es compatible con el plan en formación sexual que ya lleva a cabo la consellería " , defienden .
El plan al que se refiere es el Programa de Intervención en Educación Sexual ( PIES ) , elaborado por el gobierno del PP de la Generalitat Valenciana .
Éste se aplica en los centros escolares y el azorbispado discrepa de sus planteamientos .
Según la autora del programa SABE , " el PP ha metido la pata y ese programa es la perversión de los menores " .
Según fuentes de la consellería de educación , la decisión de la archidiócesis valenciana surge en el contexto de la entrada en vigor , el pasado 5 de julio , de la ley del aborto , y la han tomado como " su medida de prevención " para que los jóvenes no tengan que llegar a utilizar " los instrumentos que dispone la ley " .
Got a clock , pics are to come when I find that blasted camera and when I have time to properly mount this feat of craftyness on my wall .
Six months later , what ’s going on in Haiti ?
• “ With an estimated 1.5 million Haitians still homeless , presidential and legislative elections are set to be held on 28 November . “
• “ Jean Renald Clerisme , the presidential adviser , says that in any case the Haitian government has n’t received the money it was promised by the donors , which it would need to buy land and reconstruct .
‘ At a big donors ’ meeting in New York , we were promised $ 10 bn ( £ 6.64bn ) , ’ he says .
‘ But we have n’t received even 2 % of this money — how do you explain that ? ’ ”
• “ International donors who promised earthquake relief money to Haiti will be getting calls from former President Bill Clinton asking them to ante up .
As the six month anniversary of the quake approaches , Clinton says donors have given only 10 percent of the aid they promised . ”
• “ There are currently 55,000 Haitians whose petitions to immigrate to the U.S. have been accepted but they are languishing on waiting lists dating back as far as 10 years . ”
• “ The government had appointed Gerard - Emile ‘ Aby ’ Brun , president of Nabatec Development , a consortium owned by some of Haiti ’s most powerful families , to be in charge of relocating the squatter camps in Port - au - Prince .
For that first relocation camp for 5,000 people , with clinics , food on premises and some electricity , he chose a piece of Corail - Cesselesse land owned by Nabatec .
The company now stands to gain part of $ 7 million the government will spend compensating landowners .
That ’s just a small part of the potential payoff . ”
Bethesda ’s arming a massive nuke for E3 in a week - and - a - half time : an Elder Scrolls V announcement , if what most of the internet is guessing rightly .
According to Abstract360 , the latest issue of Famitsu has several companies confirming they still have surprises up their sleeves , including Konami and Ubisoft .
But Bethesda ’s surprise segment is marked with “ secret ” .
That ’s despite company PR guru Pete Hines saying at the company ’s US pre-E3 event back in April that it will have nothing to announce at the LA mega -event .
And if there is an announcement to come , it was n’t listed by the company when it announced its E3 line - up earlier this week – all of which were the titles we seen at its European pre-E3 event in France back in April .
However , its been four years since the last Elder Scrolls title , Oblivion , so this would naturally make sense .
Elder Scrolls MMO , anyone ?
E3 takes place from the week of June 14 .
Thanks , TSA .
Google Inc. and Yahoo Inc. are redefining the online news experience , but in diverging ways that underscore the evolving identities of the search giants .
Last week , Yahoo unveiled the Upshot , a blog created by the Sunnyvale portal 's growing staff of editors and reporters , who will use search and other user data to help determine what they 'll cover and how .
That announcement followed the introduction of a new version of Google News , which allows users to customize the content they see , but leaves the writing and editing to others .
Yahoo's new blog highlights its transformation into a 21st century media company , a destination that uses a combination of technology and humans to find or create the content people want .
Meanwhile , Google continues to demonstrate an unflinching faith in the ability of increasingly sophisticated search technology to evaluate and point to the most relevant content from across the Internet .
" It reaffirms the fact that Yahoo is trying to be a media company , have its own content and keep people at Yahoo , whereas Google is the opposite , " said Danny Sullivan , editor in chief of Search Engine Land , a site covering the industry .
" They want to push you away from Google to other publishers . "
In the process , both are providing instant access to a growing array of headlines while at the same time letting users personalize , filter and , at least with Yahoo , even influence what they read .
Yahoo expands original content
Yahoo is already the most popular news site , with nearly 41 million unique visitors in 2009 , according to Nielsen .
It licenses content from hundreds of newspapers , wire services and other sources , and supplements those stories with links to stories that its editors and search algorithms pull in from around the Web .
The Upshot will augment rather than replace what Yahoo has built to date , said Mark Walker , vice president of news and information .
" Clearly we 've gone as far as one might expect to go with aggregation , " he said .
" So the idea is to have a right - sized layer of original content to go on top of that , produced by Yahoo for Yahoo with some idea of Yahoo's audience . "
Yahoo has been producing well - regarded sports blogs for some time , so what 's really new here is that the company is wading deeper into original content and tapping into its user behavior data to make editorial decisions .
The latter model has been championed by companies like Demand Media , AOL's Seed division and Associated Content , which Yahoo agreed to acquire earlier this year for what was reported to be at least $ 90 million .
Known derisively as web farms , the businesses use armies of freelancers to crank out content based largely on popular search terms .
Some journalists and observers cringe over both the use of queries to determine news value - the top three topics on Yahoo at press time were " Jennifer Aniston , " " Don Johnson " and " Roman coins " - and what are reportedly meagerly paid freelancers to produce an increasingly large portion of the Web 's news .
They complain the content is rushed out , cobbled together from sources that did deeper reporting , and designed to trigger search engines rather than human interest .
Walker declined to discuss plans for Associated Content in depth , but stressed that the Upshot 's full - time writers and editors will merely take advantage of user data as one more input in the editorial process , alongside traditional tips , sources and reporting .
" That is only meant to advance the functioning of journalism , " he said , adding that aggregation from third parties will continue to supply the balance of news to the site and that quality will determine the rankings .
" We 'll never benefit by running an inferior story from our own source . "
Allen Weiner , an analyst at Gartner Research and a former journalist - whose roles included manager of new media for The Chronicle - agreed .
" Giving editors the tools to understand what people are interested in , I think , is extremely powerful , " he said .
But Yahoo's expanded breadth of original material from the Upshot and Associated Content could create new challenges too , including content partners who could see the moves as new competition , Weiner said .
Google 's tech makes it personal
Google News ranks sixth among online news sites , with just under 15 million unique visitors , behind MSNBC , AOL News , CNN and the New York Times , according to Nielsen .
Started in 2002 , the service flipped the traditional way that people consumed news on its head .
Instead of delivering the day 's stories from pre-selected sources , as a newspaper or even many online aggregators do , it offers headlines from a number of outlets and allows people to choose which ones to read .
At the end of last month , the Mountain View company redesigned the site , allowing users to pick the subjects and sources they 're most interested in , as well as local news and weather for areas they choose .
Google also introduced tools that let readers share stories over its Buzz and Reader services , as well as Facebook and Twitter .
Humans write the Google algorithms that pull in the news , but beyond that , the computers decide which headlines show up where .
The technology looks for signals to determine the credibility of sources and interest in stories , including the number of fresh articles a site produces , the way publishers play their stories , how frequently an article is reposted and how readily users click on the links .
" It 's a different business model , " said Josh Cohen , senior product manager for Google News .
Yahoo is " moving more in the direction of content creation and generation .
We 're still coming at this from a discovery standpoint . "
He says it ties into Google 's mission statement - to organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible .
Aside from a few small - scale projects , including a YouTube interview with then - Sen .
Barack Obama , Google is n't creating content .
It 's an important distinction for publishers .
While Yahoo gets most of the news traffic , Google receives the lion 's share of complaints from content creators over the use of their headlines .
That 's arguably because while Google News itself is n't a huge money maker , the company claims an estimated 30 percent of all online advertising spending .
Meanwhile , the dramatic shift in ad dollars to the Web has left many traditional publishers struggling to survive .
Media giants like News Corp. and the Associated Press have assailed Google 's efforts to provide news , and any hint the company plans to compete directly would be fuel on the fire .
" If Google had announced , ' We have this new blog and we 're going to have some journalists working for us , ' there would be pitchforks , " Sullivan said .
Google continually stresses that it's a friend to news sites , sending them huge volumes of traffic and developing tools to help the industry make more money online .
That includes the development of a one - click payment system for content , which reports suggest could be unveiled soon .
Cohen said the average Google News user clicks on at least one story per visit , directing about a billion people to news sites each month .
Another 3 billion arrive via the Google home page and search engine .
" We definitely see ourselves as a starting point , not a destination , " he said .
According to the recently released annual survey by the Apiary Inspectors of America ( AIA ) and the Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) , more than a third of U.S. managed honeybee colonies - those set up for intensified pollination of commercial crops - failed to survive this past winter .
Since 2006 , the decline of the U.S. 's estimated 2.4 million beehives - commonly referred to as colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) - has led to the disappearance of hundreds of thousands of colonies :
Hives are found empty with honey , larvae , and the queen intact , but with no bees and no trail left behind .
The cause remains unknown , but appears to be a combination of factors impacting bee health and increasing their susceptibility to disease .
Heavy losses associated with CCD have been found mainly with larger migratory commercial beekeepers , some of whom have lost 50 - 90 percent of their colonies .
A " keystone " species - one that has a disproportionate effect on the environment relative to its biomass - bees are our key to global food security and a critical part of the food chain .
Flowering plants that produce our food depend on insects for pollination .
There are other pollinators - butterflies , moths , beetles , flies , and birds - but the honeybee is the most effective , pollinating over 100 commercial crops nationwide , including most fruit , vegetables , and nuts , as well as alfalfa for cattle feed and cotton , with a value estimated between $ 15 - $ 20 billion annually .
As much as one of every three bites of food we eat comes from food pollinated by insects .
Without honeybees , our diet would be mostly meatless , consisting of rice and cereals , and we would have no cotton for textiles .
The entire ecosystem and the global food economy potentially rests on their wings .
Experts now believe bees are heading for extinction and are racing to pinpoint the culprit , increasingly blaming pesticide usage .
U.S. researchers have reported finding 121 different pesticides in samples of bees , wax , and pollen .
New parasites , pathogens , fungi , and poor nutrition stemming from intensive farming methods are also part of the equation .
Three years ago , U.S. scientists unraveled the genetic code of the honeybee and uncovered the DNA of a virus transmitted by the Varroa mite - Israeli acute paralysis virus ( IAPV ) - found in almost all of the hives impacted by CCD .
Researchers have also found the fungus Nosema ceranae and other pathogens such as chalkbrood in some affected hives throughout the country .
Other reported theories include the effects of shifting spring blooms and earlier nectar flow associated with broader global climate and temperature changes , the effects of feed supplements from genetically modified crops , such as high - fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) , and the effects of cell phone transmissions and radiation from power lines that may be interfering with a bee 's navigational capabilities .
( Last year , a study revealed that a contaminant from heat - exposed HFCS might be killing off the bees . )
However , according to a recent congressional report on CCD , contributions of these possible factors have not been substantiated .
The industrial bee business and the demands of intensified food production could also be playing a role in the bees ' demise .
Widespread migratory stress brought about by increased needs for pollination could be weakening the bees ' immune systems .
Most pollination services are provided by commercial migratory beekeepers who travel from state to state and provide pollination services to crop producers .
These operations are able to supply a large number of bee colonies during the critical phase of a crop 's bloom cycle , when bees pollinate as they collect nectar .
A hive might make five cross-country truck trips each year , chasing crops , and some beekeepers can lose up to 10 percent of their queens during one cross country trip .
Bees are overworked and stressed out .
California 's almond crop is a prime example of our reliance on bees ' industriousness for our agriculture success .
The state grows 80 percent of the world 's almonds , making it our largest agricultural export and bringing in a whopping $ 1.9 billion last year .
The crop - with nearly 740,000 acres of almond trees planted - uses 1.3 million colonies of bees , approximately one half of all bees in the U.S. , and is projected to grow to 1.5 million colonies .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture is now predicting that Central Valley almond growers will produce about 1.53 billion pounds of almonds this year , up 8.5 percent last year .
To meet the demand , bee colonies are trucked farther and more often than ever before and demand for bees has dramatically outstripped supply .
Bee colonies , which a decade ago rented for $ 60 , cost as much as $ 170 this February in California .
Few organic beekeepers have reported bee losses , suggesting that natural and organic bee keeping methods may be the solution .
In addition , organic farmers who maintain wildlife habitat around their farms are helping to encourage bees to pollinate their crops .
" The main difference between our farm and our conventional neighbors is the amount of wildlife and insect habitat that we have around the edge of our farm , " said Greg Massa , who manages Massa Organics , a fourth generation 90 - acre certified organic rice farm near Chico .
Massa started growing organic almonds six years ago , and works with a small , organic beekeeper in Oregon who brings in 30 hives to his farm .
Massa 's farm has a large wildlife corridor which has been revegetated with native plants and covered in mustard , wild radish , and vetch , a favorite of bees and also a good nitrogen source for his rice crop .
Time might be running out for the bees , but there are simple actions we can take to make a difference .
First , support organic farmers who do n't use pesticides and whose growing methods work in harmony with the natural life of bees .
In particular , buy organic almonds .
Do n't use pesticides in your home garden , especially at mid-day when bees most likely forage for nectar .
You can also plant good nectar sources such as red clover , foxglove , bee balm , and other native plants to encourage bees to pollinate your garden .
Provide clean water ; even a simple bowl of water is beneficial .
Buy local honey ; it keeps small , diversified beekeepers in business , and beekeepers keep honeybees thriving .
In addition , you can start keeping bees yourself .
Backyard and urban beekeeping can actively help bring back our bees .
Finally , you can work to preserve more open cropland and rangeland .
Let 's use our political voices to support smart land use , the impact of which will not only result in cleaner water , soil , and air , but also just might help save the humble honeybee .
There ’s one sector of the entertainment industry that has not been roiled by the Internet , the economy or ever - changing consumer tastes .
Say hello to Hollywood ’s most stable business : Soft - core pornography .
The oft - mocked genre , which has given the world such memorable fare as “ Witches of Breastwick ” and “ Tarzeena : Jiggle in the Jungle , ” is more visible — and valuable — than ever , even at a time when hard - core adult entertainment is easily accessible on every media device .
Premium - cable TV networks such as HBO , Showtime and Cinemax — the channel nicknamed “ Skin- emax ” for its preponderance of sexy programming — continue to fill their late - night schedules with low - budget , nudity - filled films , and the adoption of video - on - demand and pay - per - view services has given soft - core content wider play .
Several of the premium channels offer prominently displayed inventories of erotic entertainment via VOD , where there ’s no shortage of choices in the “ After Hours ” or “ Midnight Movies ” sections .
Soft - core porn “ just keeps going , like a cockroach — you ca n’t kill it , ” says Marc Greenberg , the 63 - year - old founder of MRG Entertainment , the Santa Monica company that ’s one of the top producers of so - called “ soft erotics , ” the industry term for toned - down pornography .
MRG supplies between seven and 15 films a year to Showtime and a handful of movies to Cinemax , for whom it also produces “ Co - Ed Confidential , ” a 13 - episode , college - themed sex series that ’s now in its fourth season .
“ You ’re more likely to get your wife to watch my show — it ’s not so in - your - face , ” says Greenberg .
At the same time , premium channels have been upping the skin factor on their higher - profile , higher - brow series .
Shows such as HBO ’s “ True Blood , ” which debuts its third season next month , and Showtime ’s “ The Tudors ” and “ Diary of a Call Girl ” all showcase fairly graphic sex scenes that are often as explicit as what you would see in an R - rated movie in theaters .
In one memorable scene from the first season of Showtime ’s Emmy - nominated " Californication , ” which stars David Duchovny as a lothario novelist living in Venice , his character engages in a ménage à trois with his agent , played by Evan Handler , and a beautiful 20 - something woman .
The romp climaxes just as their ex-wives walk in the door .
It ’s no secret , of course , that sex sells , and cheesy erotic content has been a constant on cable TV since its early days , long before premium networks expanded into multichannel behemoths .
Showtime , for example , now offers eight channels on its “ multiplex ” package , including Showtime Women , a female - targeted channel that does not show soft porn .
All of the premium channels will air films that are rated X by the Motion Picture Assn. of America , but they also adhere to certain self - imposed guidelines when it comes to sexy material .
In general , cable channels wo n’t show full male frontal nudity or extended close - up shots of female private parts .
“ Our producers know where the lines are , ” says Susan Ennis , executive vice - president of program planning for HBO Networks , which owns Cinemax .
Erotic entertainment “ is a staple of [ Cinemax ’s ] brand , it ’s in our DNA , we ’re not running away from it , ” Ennis says ..
Cinemax ’s volume of soft porn has been steady for the last five years , and it continues to roll out one new sex - themed series per quarter , with the most recent being the second season of “ Zane ’s Sex Chronicles , ” based on a bestselling series of erotic short stories written by Zane , the pen name of a female African American author from the Washington , D.C. , area .
Across all platforms , the series , which follows the romantic adventures of a group of professional women , attracts about 1.4 million viewers per episode , according to the network , which has nearly 12 million subscribers .
“ I do n’t think that sexuality should be separated from the rest of life — it can be fun , it can be painful , it can be kinky and it can be entertaining in a tasteful way , ” says the 43 - year - old author known as Zane , who writes all the scripts for the series and is its executive producer .
Adds Ennis :
“ We know our viewers embrace this kind of content . ”
That content is particularly conspicuous now on VOD , which has unshackled soft - core from the boundaries of late - night .
On Cinemax , erotic films and shows — what it calls “ After Dark ” content — make up just 8 % of the channel ’s over - the - air schedule .
But when it comes to VOD , nearly 20 % of Cinemax ’s inventory is devoted to erotic entertainment , and 15 % of the channel ’s overall on - demand orders are for “ After Dark ” programs .
Ironically , the proliferation of hard - core porn in recent years seems to have made the softer stuff more appealing — or at least more palatable — to a wider audience , particularly among women , according to industry observers .
While women who are now in their 20s and 30s have grown up in an era when adult entertainment has become increasingly mainstream and sex tapes helped launch the careers of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton , many of them are still uncomfortable watching all - out porn , even if it ’s in the company of a partner .
In contrast to hard - core pornography , which depicts full male nudity and actual sex , soft - core sex is more simulated than real , and the films usually attempt to have coherent storylines and dialogue .
Many of the soft - core TV series also center around a female character , such as the madam in “ Beverly Hills Bordello , ” a longtime cable - TV staple , or the pair of sisters — one a recent college graduate , the other an erotic model — who are the leads in “ Life on Top , ” a Cinemax series that debuted last year .
But while soft - core content may be less graphic than a Jenna Jameson film , it does not aspire to high art .
“ There ’s nothing creative about this — you ’re going to see sex in the first minute and you ’re going to see sex every seven or eight minutes after that , ” says Greenberg .
pc gamer article mentioned some augmentations
" * Enhanced vision :
See through walls , analyse structures for weak spots to smash through ( so not all walls will be breakable , sadly )
* Mind reading
* Mind control :
There will be social repurcussions for using this .
* Cloak
* Claymore
* " Icarus landing system " : : Lets you drop from heights silently and safely , or if you hold the fire button , you slam into the ground and stun nearby enemies .
* Strength : As with Deus Ex , but also dampens recoil , and later on lets you punch through selected walls .
* Wrist blades
* Hacking module
* Mysterious splayed hand "
Supposedly 19 overall
"# Augmentations are bought with cash from " Limb Clinics , " and once bought , they are then upgraded with XP to reflect Adam getting used to them .
They start with basic functionality , but higher levels add extra features , rather than just making them more powerful .
I 'm fine with this system .
# In addition to your arms , there are 19 other augs to choose from ( and it seems you can buy them in any order , as long as you have the cash - this is just the impression I get , however . )
Each aug has 4 or 5 extra functions unlocked with XP . "
" # You can pick up bodies - dead or alive , though I sense only " alive " if they 're unconscious - and hide them .
# Guards can revive other unconscious guards . "
Flash in the Android pan , but out of the iPhone fire
Adobe has finally thrown in the towel in the battle with Apple , with the latter 's decision to outlaw the use of a Flash to iPhone app compiler leaving bitterness and resignation .
In a blog post by Adobe 's Mike Chambers it is made clear that no development time will be spent on the compiler - originally billed as a key feature of CS5 - and urges developers to look to the rival Android phones .
" The primary goal of Flash has always been to enable cross browser , platform and device development , " blogs Chambers .
" The cool web game that you build can easily be targeted and deployed to multiple platforms and devices . "
Anathema
" However , this is the exact opposite of what Apple wants , " he continues .
" They want to tie developers down to their platform , and restrict their options to make it difficult for developers to target other platforms . "
Chamber believes that the Android platform is worthy of more attention : " Fortunately , the iPhone is n't the only game in town .
" Android based phones have been doing well behind the success of the Motorola Droid and Nexus One , and there are a number of Android based tabletsslated to be released this year .
" We are working closely with Google to bring both Flash Player 10.1 and Adobe AIR 2.0 to these devices , and thus far , the results have been very promising . "
It 's seems an inevitable stance given the unwillingness of Apple to deal with Flash .
The maker of the iPhone and iPad has made it clear that Flash is not the kind of software they feel will help their devices , but will the hard - line ultimately come back to haunt Apple ?
Only time will tell .
Via Mashable
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger recently submitted a “ budget ” to the legislature that eliminates CalWORKS , the state ’s highly successful welfare - to - work program that is needed now more than ever .
This move would make California the only state in the nation to dismantle its safety net .
He ’s even willing to throw away the federal matching funds CalWORKS receives and to toss 1 million children ( who make up about 76 percent of the program ) into desperate poverty .
Destroying the state ’s only work - training program in a period of 12.5 percent unemployment and record home foreclosures might sound pretty extreme but Schwarzenegger still enjoys press coverage that paints him as a “ moderate , ” most recently in the form of a 1,500 - word love letter by Jennifer Steinhauer of the New York Times .
If any journalist bothers to look at his record it should be clear that Schwarzenegger does n’t really believe in the public sector .
He has repeatedly said that government cannot do anything worthwhile for society .
He was a cheerleader for the Bush - Cheney policies of deregulation and tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations .
He has recklessly held the state ’s budget hostage to ram through policies that wo n’t take effect until long after he exits the stage , policies which have virtually no support outside his coterie of sycophants .
No California governor , not Ronald Reagan , not George Deukmejian , not Pete Wilson , has so bludgeoned the state ’s employees .
After “ furloughing ” public workers , which was the equivalent of a 14 percent pay cut , Schwarzenegger ’s latest gambit is to cut their pay down to the level of the federal minimum wage , which is lower than California ’s .
Schwarzenegger is so committed to this abuse that he is literally going to court to force the State Comptroller John Chiang to comply .
Chiang has been trying to reason with the extremists who run the governor ’s office that it ’s technically impossible to implement the plan given the state ’s decrepit computerized payroll system and that the action would also violate federal labor law .
Undeterred , Schwarzenegger pushes on without any rational purpose ( since it will end up costing the state more in the long run ) , and without any concern for the lives of 200,000 hard - working Californians who , through no fault of there own , find themselves once again in Schwarzenegger ’s cross -hairs .
It ’s nothing more than holding state workers hostage to extort Democratic legislators into doing his bidding .
The Democratic “ leaders ” in Sacramento during Schwarzenegger ’s reign continue to capitulate to him .
From Don Perata to Darrell Steinberg to Fabian Nunez to Karen Bass to John Perez – all of them have failed the voters who elected them ; they ’ve failed to be advocates for their core supporters ; and they ’ve failed to stand up and show some guts when the time called for it .
Because the Legislature must produce a “ supermajority ” of 67 percent to pass a budget , a tiny and irresponsible Republican minority has just enough seats to block any budget it does n’t like – which is any budget that is protective of public institutions .
Schwarzenegger then uses his executive control over the Legislature to make insane demands like eliminating welfare and impoverishing the state ’s public sector workforce .
A phony “ standoff ” ensues until Democratic “ leaders ” come crawling on their hands and knees , which they always do , only to seal themselves off behind closed doors to “ negotiate ” a budget .
When they emerge from the governor ’s office the result is always the same : the public sector gets fleeced again .
Each year at budget time , Schwarzenegger divides and conquers the Democrats ’ political base by pitting public employee unions and other liberal advocacy groups against each other .
He is currently once again terrorizing state workers and their families to get changes in the way their pension plan is managed that would not take effect until years from now , long after he is back home in his Jacuzzi smoking his pricey cigars .
All of this pain and suffering inflicted on the people who work for the Great State of California is so that the top 1 percent of taxpayers , about 150,000 individuals , who have nearly doubled their share of the state ’s total income since 1993 , do n’t have to pay any additional taxes .
It ’s class warfare .
Twenty years of privatizing and deregulating have resulted not only in the putrefaction of California ’s public institutions , but also the hardening of class lines and the cementing of an oligarchy .
In a real democratic republic – res-publica – the Democrats who hold solid majorities in both chambers of the Legislature would produce their own budget , even an ersatz one , and then send it to the governor for his signature or veto .
They could send him virtually the same budget over and over again for a period of days , weeks , or months .
Headlines would read : “ Governor Schwarzenegger Vetoes Another Budget , ” followed by op - eds asking : “ Why Does n’t Schwarzenegger Compromise ? ”
Let the Governor veto the budget a thousand times .
Each time the Democratic leaders could tell the press how “ disappointed ” they are with his intransigence .
The Democrats could also highlight the pain and suffering – even in the private sector – that Schwarzenegger ’s budget extremism has caused .
Instead , the Democratic “ leaders ” choose to go behind closed doors in the governor ’s office where they always get taken for a ride .
That ’s a hell of a way to run the world ’s eighth largest economy with a population larger than Canada’s .
It ’s ironic that President Obama has gone to great lengths to cultivate mutually beneficial economic ties with the G - 20 nations while the nation passively sits by and watches as California drops into the Pacific Ocean .
If we ’re going to have a form of corporate feudalism in California then we might as well turn over the reins of power to a real monarch .
The billionaire princess , Meg Whitman , who wants to be governor as a steppingstone toward becoming the first woman president , is perfect for that regal distinction .
She has already spent over $ 90 million of her own money to buy the governorship .
And it looks like she bribed one of the nation ’s top Republican strategists , Michael Murphy , to join her campaign with a million dollar “ investment ” in his production company .
Her Majesty is currently running a slick TV commercial attacking her opponent , Attorney General Jerry Brown , which has the production qualities of a Pepsi ad buy .
Whitman wants to fire 40,000 state workers , hack off another $ 15 billion from the budget , privatize government services including the pension plan , and lavish more tax cuts on big corporations and her rich Republican friends .
In addition to her hit pieces on Brown , Whitman is also running what the advertising executives on the “ Tuesday Team ” of Ronald Reagan ’s 1984 campaign used to call “ feel - good ads . ”
We see wind turbines and redwood forests , beaches and exciting cityscapes , with Meg in soft - focus sharing with her subjects in an intimate setting a string of saccharine Reaganisms .
She very well could be the next governor of California .
Joseph Palermo
Crossposted with Joseph A Palermo
WAREHAM — While Cape Wind , Massachusetts ’ signature wind farm , continues to generate controversy , some 30 miles up the coast a smaller windmill project is quietly sprouting in cranberry bogs with the blessing of its neighbors — so far .
Energy developer Beaufort Windpower of Boston is partnering with five cranberry growers in Wareham to install eight 328 - foot turbines across six miles of bogs that would generate 20 megawatts of electricity .
But unlike Cape Wind and several other major wind farms proposed for Western Massachusetts , the Bog Wind Power Cooperative project has so far encountered no opposition in its host town .
Wareham ’s state legislators wrote letters supporting it , and no one filed critical comments during an environmental review by state regulators , who approved the project last month .
One reason for the lack of opposition may be Bog Wind ’s isolated location : a vast open tract near the junction of Route 25 and interstates 195 and 495 , where there are few neighbors .
Glen Berkowitz , president of Beaufort Windpower , said he hatched the idea after seeing successful wind projects on farms in the Western United States , and then designed the Wareham plant to avoid controversy and win quick approval .
For example , spreading the small number of turbines over such a large area reduces their visual impact .
Also , they will be near existing transmission lines and not far from roads , so there will be no need for extensive tree clearing .
“ We want to build something that is good for the environment without harming the environment , ’’ Berkowitz said .
Perhaps the most unusual aspect of the Bog Wind proposal is how it would benefit cranberry farmers , who have struggled as competition from other states has pushed down prices and reduced business .
The additional income from wind energy should reduce the temptation for farmers to sell their land for development , helping to keep one of the last great tracts of agricultural land in Massachusetts intact .
“ We ’re looking for ways to diversify , ’’ said bog owner Peter Beaton , 62 , a partner in Bog Wind .
“ Most farms here have been in families for generations .
We want to pass them to our kids .
The last thing a farmer wants to do is sell . ’’
Berkowitz said he has reached out to residents to resolve concerns early .
“ We want to design , permit , and build the project in a way that creates public trust , ’’ he said .
State Representative Susan Williams Gifford , a Wareham Republican and former selectwoman , said she has not heard any criticism of Bog Wind in town but added many people may not be aware of it .
“ Among the cranberry community , this is a no- brainer , ’’ Gifford said in an interview .
“ This is a step toward the future . ’’
Bog Wind ’s toughest sell may be the financial community , which is reluctant to underwrite wind projects after seeing how opposition has delayed Cape Wind and other projects in Massachusetts , such as a proposed 10 - turbine farm on Brodie Mountain in the Berkshires that has been tied up in court by the developer of a nearby resort .
“ The projects that are successful are either very well capitalized at the start or they have the right combination of municipal and public support , ’’ said Gerard P. O’Connor , an attorney at a Waltham firm who represents alternative energy developers .
Although wind is often seen as one of the greenest energy options , it has provoked fierce opposition in many places .
“ Some people oppose them because they think they ’ll be too loud , ’’ O’Connor said .
“ Some people are afraid they ’ll fall down and hurt people .
Some people oppose them on aesthetic grounds . ’’
Berkowitz has raised $ 100,000 so far to build the $ 42 million plant .
He ’s been meeting with investors , but he said they want all permits in hand before putting up money .
Bog Wind still needs approval from Wareham ’s Conservation Commission and Zoning Board of Appeals , for example .
Bog Wind needs to negotiate with NStar to tie into the utility ’s nearby power lines so its electricity can be distributed within the regional grid .
Berkowitz would also like to obtain a sales contract with NStar , and he submitted a bid in response to the utility ’s request for power earlier this year .
NStar rejected it , probably because the utility does not buy power unless a project is complete , a spokesman said .
Berkowitz is racing the clock .
Bog Wind will be eligible for subsidies under the federal stimulus bill if he can begin construction before the end of this year .
The project has already received state and federal planning grants .
Though the Wareham turbines are just a few miles from Buzzards Bay , which has some of the strongest winds in the state , inland there is less breeze .
Berkowitz ’s towers would be taller than standard windmills in order to capture higher wind speeds at upper altitudes .
For comparison , the windmills would be almost double the height of the one along the Southeast Expressway in Boston .
Robert Preer can be reached at preer@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Europe Plunged Into Chaos on the Eve of the Bilderberg Conference
Olga Chetverikova writes :
The Bilderberg group will convene in Sitges , Spain , a resort community 30 km from Barcelona , on June 4 - 7 .
As usual , the information is supplied by James Tucker and Daniel Estulin who revealed that this year the issues topping the agenda of the club 's meeting will be the global recession and the approaches to provoking such economic breakdowns that can help justify the establishment of a full - scale world economic governance .
Intending to prolong the global economic downturn for at least another year , the Bilderberg group hopes to take advantage of the situation to set up a “ global ministry of finance ” as a part of the UN .
Though the decision was actually made at the group 's meeting in Greece last year , according to Tucker the plan was torpedoed by US and European “ nationalists ” ( for the Bilderberg group , “ nationalists ” is a generic term for all nationally - oriented forces espousing national sovereignty and statehood ) .
All year since the last meeting , representatives of the global executive management have been convincing the public across the world to embrace a “ new financial order ” .
The idea recurred in the statements made by N. Sarkozy , G. Brown , and the freshly elected European Council President H. Van Rompuy , but – against the backdrop of a relatively harmless phase of the crisis - the activity remained limited to psychological conditioning and no practical steps have been taken .
As Jacques Attali wrote quite reasonably in his After the Crisis , Europe has no right to demand a reform of the global financial architecture as long as it can't organize the institutions that would meet its own needs .
The debt crisis in Greece that currently puts in jeopardy the entire European financial system provides a pretext for drastic measures , and both the crisis and the measures are vivid illustrations of the strategy that employs chaos to reorder the existing arrangements .
The deliberately generated chaos is tightly controlled by financial institutions , major banks , and hedge funds and serves as an efficient mechanism of governance and social restructuring .
The financial attack against Greece promptly evolved into onslaught on Euro and – as it became clear – the developments correlated marginally with the structural shortcomings of the Greek economy .
The intensity of the crisis that momentarily posed a threat to the economic and even political integrity of the EU cannot be explained solely by the appetites of faceless financial players .
There had to be more serious reasons behind the situation , and to an extent the objectives pursued by those who shaped it can be understood from the statements made by G. Soros .
He maintains that the EU owes its current difficulties to the European ( especially German ) politicians ' reluctance to move on , that huge problems await Europe unless it starts developing , and that a kind of a European Monetary Fund helping fight budget deficit must be created .
In other words , Europeans are forced to choose between the collapse of the Eurozone and governance centralization .
Jacques Attali laid out a specific centralization plan .
It is suggested that the EU countries create their own institutions to monitor the activities of financial operators .
It is also proposed that they should set up a European creditor of a new formation that – while not being linked to Europe 's central and investment banks or governments - would guarantee assistance to viable local financial institutions , buy into their assets , and extend loans under specific terms .
Attali further advocates the formation of a European ministry of finance that would immediately be empowered to hand out loans from the name of the EU , and the creation of a European Budget Fund with a mandate to oversee the budgets of the countries whose cumulative dept totals over 85 % of the GDP .
He warns that an even severer crisis should be expected otherwise .
Under the US pressure , A. Merkel finally consented to tough measures ( purportedly , Sarkozy even threatened that France would revert to national currency in case she held her own ) , and early last May EU finance and economy ministers signed an agreement on the mechanisms of budgetary stabilization in the Euro zone , which envisaged the establishment of a Euro 60 b safety pillow fund to urgently rescue countries battling with their public finances and the allocation of Euro 440b in guaranteed loans .
The IMF also pledged Euro 250b in the case of need .
The money is meant for sovereign debt bailouts in the Eurozone , a mission which – for the first time in its entire history – the European central bank will also undertake .
Steps facilitating financial transactions were announced by central banks across the world including the US Federal Reserve which will urgently inject US dollars into the European Central Bank as well as into British and Swiss banks .
The above can be regarded as the first phase of progress towards centralized European monetary administration .
It is unclear so far how exactly the “ grand architects ” see the world financial governance and what role they plan to give to existing financial institutions like the IMF .
The options on the table range from building totally new institutions to – as , for example , suggested by Attali – using the IMF as an authorized supranational regulation center run by a G - 24 board .
Importantly , once again we are witnessing the creation of mechanisms of centralized supranational control over national economies , and the crisis acts as a catalyst for a guided fast transition to tighter integration within the EU , which is necessary to build a close - knit Western bloc .
The plan imposed on Europe by elite financial circles implies countering the indebtedness problem with the help of new borrowings , which will exacerbate rather than remedy the budget problem .
According to Eurostat data , in 2010 the Eurozone sovereign debt will grow from 77.7 % to 83.6 % of the GDP .
Moreover , it is widely held in the expert community that the indebtedness figures for Greece , Portugal , and a number of other EU countries are unrealistically low and do not reflect the actual proportions of the problem .
Experts from Lombard Odier , a Swiss bank , estimate the bulk of Greek bad debt at 875 % of its GDP , which means that to meet its obligations the country would have to invest – without any foreseeable returns – an amount exceeding its GDP by a factor of 8.75 .
The situations in Poland and Slovenia are even more alarming – in their cases the debt to GDP ratio is 15 and 11 respectively .
The corresponding average over the Eurozone is 4.34 , and in the US – 5 .
Leaving structural problems untouched , the mitigation measures are paving the way for the supranational institutions advocated by mondialist Attali .
On May 21 , the EU finance ministers adopted at a meeting chaired by European Central Bank president Jean - Claude Trichet and European Council President H. Van Rompuy the German plan of much greater budgetary coordination including penalties for states that break the EU budgetary rules .
The sanctions will include suspending the voting rights of repeat offenders , withholding the funding for infrastructural development , etc .
It was also proposed to subject national budgets to EU screening prior to their being debated in national legislatures .
A report will be prepared by June 17 – notably , the date of the EU summit – outlining a common Eurozone policy .
Other , yet more ambitious projects like full control over Eurozone national budgets by a triumvirate comprising the European Commission , the European central bank , and the Euro Group are also discussed .
The downsides of the rescue packages are the worst part of the problem .
Invoking the threat of financial collapse , the EU countries serially introduced extremely unpopular austerity regimes with salary and pension freezes for state employees , welfare cuts , increased retirement ages , etc .
Greece was the first but not the only country affected .
The German government plans to cut spending by Euro 10b annually in 2011 - 2016 .
France abolished the annual pension for low - income families .
Under the IMF pressure , Spain is launching a comprehensive reform including pension indexing freeze , pay reductions and employment cuts in the state sector , the abolition of payments to support families with recently born children , etc. Great Britain , Italy , and others are following the lead .
The consequences of the measures are hard to gauge considering that Europe is already facing serious poverty and unemployment problems ( the unemployment has reached 10 % of the economically active population and continues to grow , and at least 80 mln people are currently below the poverty line ) .
Most likely , the shadow world government - the Bilderberg group – will administer to the public the doze of social problems carefully calculated to enable the elites “ to offload troubled assets ” , retain control over the situation , and divert protests from the actual sources of problems that trigger them .
From Russia 's perspective , the conclusion is obvious : any deepening of its integration into the “ free ” Europe strengthens the financial and informational control over Russia exercised by the global elites seeking to strip it of the status of an independent geopolitical player .
Olga Chetverikova , Ph.D. in History , is Assistant Professor at Moscow State Institute of Intentional Relations of the Foreign Ministry of the Russian Federation .
Global Research Articles by Olga Chetverikova
© Copyright Olga Chetverikova , Global Research , 2010
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s ) .
The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible or liable for any inaccurate or incorrect statements contained in this article .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
RAWLINS , Wyo . --
A handcart pioneer trek got off to a scary start when a tour bus taking some South Jordan teenagers to the starting location caught fire .
The real challenges for this group of young men and women from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints were n't supposed to start until their bus reached Martin 's Cove .
Instead , they found themselves with seconds to escape the burning bus .
Within minutes our bus is engulfed in flames .
Within literally 12 minutes the bus was completely burned to the frame .
– Jeff Raditz , trek leader
For many LDS teens , a handcart trek in Martin 's Cove is a rite of passage -- a way to honor the pioneer experience .
It 's an example of faith and endurance .
" A lot of people died there .
The people left Winter Quarters too late .
They got stuck in the snow .
It was 18 degrees below zero [ Fahrenheit ] , " explained Susan Harker .
Harker 's two kids , Avrielle and Craig , are on the trek with the young women and men of the South Jordan 1st Ward .
The real danger , though , was in getting there and getting out of a bus on fire .
It all started with a flat tire outside Rawlins , Wyo. , a couple hours away from Martin 's Cove .
Trek leader Jeff Radditz said then entire bus burned in 12 minutes .
( Photo courtesy Jeff Radditz , trek leader )
" Shortly after the first flat tire , we immediately got a second flat tire , " said trek leader Jeff Radditz .
" They fixed that within a half hour , and another half hour passed .
We were on the road , and another tire went flat and caught fire . "
Radditz took home video of the bus burning on the side of the interstate .
He took a cell phone picture of the end result .
" Within minutes our bus is engulfed in flames , " he said .
" Within literally 12 minutes the bus was completely burned to the frame . "
" My daughter said there were flames coming through the floor of the bus as they were exiting , " Harker said .
While the teens lost all of the supplies , some even their shoes in the fire , no one was hurt .
The bus company sent a new bus , and the youth group stopped in Rawlins to take a vote on if they should continue .
The decision was a unanimous " yes . "
" All sorts of bad stuff happens in life , and you can't just lie down and die .
You have to keep going .
I think this is an important lesson for them , " Harker said .
The group says they 've been overwhelmed by the generosity of the people who stopped to help them , providing water , blankets and supplies .
They 'll be back in Utah Thursday night .
E-mail : sdallof@ksl.com
---
View Larger Map
×
Photos
A South African woman ruptured her throat while taking part in a vuvuzela - blowing competition , but said Friday she was recovering with no permanent damage .
" It took about two days to heal , by Monday I was feeling fine .
I just hope there is no permanent damage , but it does n't seem like it , " said Yvonne Mayer from Cape Town , according to the Sapa news agency .
She joined the impromptu competition on the opening day of the World Cup in Cape Town .
At the time , she thought the burning sensation in her throat was a cold .
After the match , her throat started burning even more , and the next day she went to the doctor .
" The doctor was really enjoying it , he just kept laughing at me and said it was his first vuvuzela injury , " said Mayer .
Her physician , Scott Barker , said the wound worsened because she kept blowing after the initial tear .
Mayer blamed her own poor blowing technique and said she was now " a bit nervous " about trying it again .
The instrument drew fierce criticism for drowning out fans ' singing in stadiums , hindering communication between coaches and teams , and for dominating television coverage .
Experts also said it could cause permanent damage to hearing .
Nightmare vision for Europe as EU chief warns ' democracy could disappear ' in Greece , Spain and Portugal
EU begin emergency billion - pound bailout of Spain
Countries in debt may fall to dictators , EC chief warns
' Apocalyptic ' vision as some states run out of money
Democracy could ‘ collapse ’ in Greece , Spain and Portugal unless urgent action is taken to tackle the debt crisis , the head of the European Commission has warned .
In an extraordinary briefing to trade union chiefs last week , Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso set out an ‘ apocalyptic ’ vision in which crisis - hit countries in southern Europe could fall victim to military coups or popular uprisings as interest rates soar and public services collapse because their governments run out of money .
The stark warning came as it emerged that EU chiefs have begun work on an emergency bailout package for Spain which is likely to run into hundreds of billions of pounds .
Crisis point : Demonstrators protest cuts announced by the Government in Malaga last week in an echo of the Greek crisis
A £ 650 billion bailout for Greece has already been agreed .
John Monks , former head of the TUC , said he had been ‘ shocked ’ by the severity of the warning from Mr Barroso , who is a former prime minister of Portugal .
Mr Monks , now head of the European TUC , said : ‘ I had a discussion with Barroso last Friday about what can be done for Greece , Spain , Portugal and the rest and his message was blunt : “ Look , if they do not carry out these austerity packages , these countries could virtually disappear in the way that we know them as democracies .
They 've got no choice , this is it . ”
‘ He 's very , very worried .
He shocked us with an apocalyptic vision of democracies in Europe collapsing because of the state of indebtedness . ’
Greece , Spain and Portugal , which only became democracies in the 1970s , are all facing dire problems with their public finances .
All three countries have a history of military coups .
Greece has been rocked by a series of national strikes and riots this year following the announcement of swingeing cuts to public spending designed to curb Britain ’s deficit .
Spain and Portugal have also announced austerity measures in recent weeks amid growing signs that the international markets are increasingly worried they could default on their debts .
Dictatorships :
An end to democracy in Europe could see a return of figures ruling dictatorships .
General Franco was dictator of Spain until 1975 ; Georgios Papadopoulos led a military junta until 1973 ; and Antonio de Oliveira Salazar ruled as Portugese president until 1968
Other EU countries seeing public protests over austerity plans include Hungary , Italy and Romania , where public sector pay is to be slashed by 25 per cent .
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , who visited Madrid last week , said the situation in Spain should serve as a warning to Britain of the perils of failing to tackle the deficit quickly .
He said the collapse of confidence in Spain had seen interest rates soar , adding : ‘ As the nation with the highest deficit in Europe in 2010 , we simply cannot afford to let that happen to us too . ’
Mr Barroso ’s warning lays bare the concern at the highest level in Brussels that the economic crisis could lead to the collapse of not only the beleaguered euro , but the EU itself , along with a string of fragile democracies .
DICTATORSHIPS GREECE : Georgios Papadopoulos was dictator from 1967 to 1974 .
The Colonel led the military coup d'etat in 1967 against King Constantine II amid political instability .
He was leader of the junta which ruled until 1974 .
Papadopoulos was overthrown by Brigadier Dimitrios Ioannidis in 1973 .
Democracy was restored in 1975 .
SPAIN : General Francisco Franco led Spain from 1936 until his death in 1975 .
At the end of the Spanish Civil War he dissolved the Spanish Parliament and established a right - wing authoritarian regime that lasted until 1978 .
After his death Spain gradually began its transition to democracy .
PORTUGAL : Antonio de Oliveira Salazar 's regime and its secret police ruled the country from 1932 to 1968 .
He founded and led the Estado Novo , the authoriatan , right - wing government that controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
After Salazar 's death in 1970 , his regime persisted until it eventually fell after the Carnation Revolution .
But it risks infuriating governments in southern Europe which are already struggling to contain public anger as they drive through tax rises and spending cuts in a bid to avoid disaster .
Mr Monks yesterday warned that the new austerity measures themselves could take the continent ‘ back to the 1930s ’ .
In an interview with the Brussels - based magazine EU Observer he said : ‘ This is extremely dangerous .
' This is 1931 , we 're heading back to the 1930s , with the Great Depression and we ended up with militarist dictatorship .
‘ I'm not saying we 're there yet , but it 's potentially very serious , not just economically , but politically as well . ’
Mr Monks said union barons across Europe were planning a co-ordinated ‘ day of action ’ against the cuts on 29 September , involving national strikes and protests .
David Cameron will travel to Brussels on Thursday for his first summit of EU leaders since the election .
Leaders are expected to thrash out a rescue package for Spain ’s teetering economy .
Spain is expected to ask for an initial guarantee of at least £ 100 billion , although this figure could rise sharply if the crisis deepens .
News of the behind - the - scenes scramble in Brussels spells bad news for the British economy as many of our major banks have loaned Spain vast sums of money in recent years .
Germany ’s authoritative Frankfurter Allgemeine Newspaper reported that Spain is poised to ask for multi-billion pound credits .
Mr Barroso and Jean - Claude Trichet of the European Central Bank are united on the need for a rescue plan .
The looming bankruptcy of Spain , one of the foremost economies in Europe , poses far more of a threat to European unity and the euro project than Greece .
Greece contributes 2.5 percent of GDP to Europe , Spain nearly 12 percent .
Yesterday ’s report quoted German government sources saying : ‘ We will lead discussions this week in Brussels concerning the crisis .
It has intensified to the point that the states do not want to wait until the EU summit on Thursday in Brussels . ” ’
At the end of last month the credit rating agency Fitch downgraded Spain , triggering sharp falls on stock markets .
On Friday the administration in Madrid continued to insist no rescue package was necessary .
But Greece said the same thing before it came close to disaster .
Yesterday the European Commission and the statistics authority Eurostat met to consider Spain ‘s plight as many EU countries consider the austerity package proposed by the Madrid administration insufficient to deal with the country ‘s problems .
The Appeals Court of Massachusetts last month confirmed the principle that a police officer has no more power than any other citizen outside of his legal jurisdiction .
The decision came in the context of an August 4 , 2006 incident where Joseph Limone was driving his Oldsmobile on Montvale Avenue in Woburn just past Interstate 93 .
Limone rear - ended the car in front of him , which just happened to be driven by a uniformed police officer .
Somerville Police Officer Robert Kelleher just finished his shift and had been returning home .
Kelleher got out of the vehicle , and approached Limone who repeatedly apologized .
Kelleher ordered Limone out of the car .
After noticing that the man appeared drunk , Kelleher pulled the keys out of the ignition so Limone could not drive away .
He then told Limone to go back and wait in his car until Woburn police arrived .
Minutes later , Woburn Officer David Simonds took over and asked Limone for his license and registration , Limone handed him a pack of cigarettes .
Upon arrest , Limone blew a .12 on the breathalyzer and was booked for what would turn out to be his seventh conviction for driving under the influence of alcohol ( DUI ) .
The court of appeal , however , found fault with his initial arrest .
“ A police officer ’s power to make a warrantless arrest is generally limited to the boundaries of the jurisdiction in which the officer is employed , and , absent fresh pursuit for an arrestable offense , a police officer is generally without authority to make an arrest outside his jurisdiction , ” the appellate court ruled .
“ Outside his jurisdictional boundaries , a police officer stands as a private citizen , and if not in fresh and continued pursuit of a suspect , an arrest by him is valid only if a private citizen would be justified in making the arrest under the same circumstances . ”
Because first - offense DUI is a misdemeanor — Kelleher only had reason to suspect Limone of a first offense — a private citizen would have no right to detain an individual for an apparent DUI .
“ It was subsequent investigation that disclosed the defendant had been convicted on at least six prior occasions of operating while under the influence of liquor , ” the court concluded .
“ Thus , the seizure of the defendant was unlawful . ”
Because the initial arrest was unlawful , the evidence against Limone was thrown out as the ‘ fruit of the poisonous tree . ’
A copy of the decision is available at the source link below .
Source : Massachusetts v. Limone ( Court of Appeals , State of Massachusetts , 6/22/2010 )
[ Courtesy : Thenewspaper.com ]
Opportunity to Pay Axel to Code Haiku !
Axel plans to work on network related tasks .
Some of the buzzwords include :
ICMP
WPA / WPA2
WLAN GUI tools
updating and improving FreeBSD drivers
testing network cards that people donated
optimizations
Now , here is where you can help and have a noticeable impact ...
This year , we have been taking a much more pro-active approach with using money to further Haiku and to support the Project .
Migrating from a shared web host to a high quality dedicated server .
Reimbursing conferences that did not receive funding in the past .
Financing the development of WebPositive and the release coordination of R1 Alpha 2 .
All of this was made possible through generous financial contributions from users like you .
At this moment , our finances are tight .
Especially after paying some upcoming expenses , which include Adrien 's on - going contract , RMLL , SBC , FISL , and other smaller expenses .
We would need to pay Axel directly from our financial reserves .
Normally , we like to keep $ 5,000 as this provides a nice buffer for a rainy day so to speak .
Sometime after September , the money from Google Summer of Code will arrive .
But before then and without any donations for paying Axel , our balance would go below $ 3,500 .
That is a situation we want to avoid .
But if need be , we will make it work .
Even if it means crossing off other items in the future .
I know you enjoy using Haiku and want to see it shine .
This is your chance to pay one of our top developers to write code for Haiku !
You donate .
He codes .
We all use Haiku .
Image caption Justice Secretary Ken Clarke was addressing judges
There is no link between rising levels of imprisonment and falling crime , Justice Secretary Ken Clarke has said .
With crime having fallen in most of the Western world in the 1990s , he said the decline may have been due to economic growth and high employment levels .
Meanwhile , the Chief Inspector of Prisons for England and Wales , Dame Anne Owers , warned that " overpopulated " prisons are " increasingly brittle " .
She said the government should invest in alternatives to locking people up .
There is and never has been , in my opinion , any direct correlation between spiralling growth in the prison population and a fall in crime Ken Clarke , Justice Secretary Does prison cut crime ?
Mr Clarke told judges at their annual Mansion House Dinner in London that " no - one can prove cause and effect " for why crime fell in the 1990s .
His comments come after former
Tory home secretary Michael Howard recently criticised him for attacking high imprisonment rates .
BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said the justice secretary 's comments appeared to be a swipe at Mr Howard , who coined the phrase " prison works " in 1993 .
In his speech on Tuesday night , Mr Clarke said : " There is and never has been , in my opinion , any direct correlation between spiralling growth in the prison population and a fall in crime .
" Crime has fallen in Britain throughout a period of both rising prison populations , and throughout the same period of economic growth , with strong employment levels and rising living standards .
" No - one can prove cause and effect .
The crime rate fell but was this the consequence of the policies of my successors as home secretary or , dare I gently hint , mine as chancellor of the exchequer at the beginning of a period of growth and strong employment ?
We will never know . "
The justice secretary , who favours rehabilitation and community sentences , said crime had fallen in Canada in the 1990s after the prison population was cut by 11 % and that crime did not rise significantly in Finland when similar measures had been taken there .
' Inflated prisons '
Dame Anne Owers ' warning that prisons are now increasing brittle came in her valedictory lecture to the Prison Reform Trust on Tuesday night .
She said prisons " had become better places " but progress in rehabilitating offenders was slow because of the growing prison population .
She called upon ministers to " do things differently " in the " age of austerity " and invest in alternatives to prisons .
" We now have an inflated prison system in a shrinking state .
It [ is ] crucial to invest in ' not prison ' - both instead of and after prison , " she said .
She also issued a warning over the number of inmates - one in six of the prison population - serving indeterminate sentences , saying they were a source of " increasing volatility and potential disruption " .
" This is and will continue to be a significant upward driver of the prison population , " she said .
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said as part of the " rehabilitation revolution " , the government was working towards providing a " fit for purpose prison estate " by building new prisons and closing " inefficient and worn out places " .
" The government has announced its intention to conduct a full assessment of sentencing policy to ensure that it is effective in deterring crime , protecting the public , punishing offenders and cutting re-offending , " he added .
Recently I presented a webinar for the Verizon Small Business Center on the topic of SEO ( search engine optimization ) strategies for your small business .
I am not an SEO professional myself , so I called upon a panel of experts for small business SEO tips which I related during the webinar .
Along with giving some great SEO tips , the expert panel also recommended a reading list with resources and additional articles .
Here is the resource list they recommended so that you can study and learn more about how SEO can improve your online presence :
SEO Tools – An outstanding set of tools by Aaron Wall of SEOBook.com .
I happen to know that Aaron has invested a lot of capital and effort into developing these sophisticated tools for the community .
Highly recommended !
Bloggers Guide to SEO –
If you have a blog and want to understand enough about search engine optimization to increase your blog ’s reach , read this helpful guide .
( It may take a couple of read - throughs if you ’re a complete newbie about SEO , but stick with it .
You ’ll absorb a little more each time you read it . )
Also by Aaron Wall .
Why Trust Matters and How to Earn It —
In recent years , as the Web has grown larger , the concept of “ trust ” in your site has become more important — trust from human readers and trust from search engines .
This article by Matt McGee of Small Business SEM explains what trust means in the context of a website .
More importantly , it explains how to make YOUR site a trusted site .
SEO Success Pyramid graphic – Also from Matt McGee , this graphic is a companion to the article on trust .
It describes visually the many components it takes to develop a trusted site .
I recommend you print this graphic out , distribute it to your marketing and tech teams , discuss it in team meetings , and refer back to it from time to time .
Best Internet Marketing Posts of 2009 –
At the end of each year , social media guru Tamar Weinberg pulls together a gigantic “ best of ” list of blog posts about Internet marketing .
Her roundup contains well over 100 articles .
A must read !
Local Business Listing Optimization Guide –
If yours is one of the majority of small businesses that gets its customers locally ( i.e. , within a 50 - mile radius ) , you need to be aware of some special techniques .
This Guide is from Vedran Tomic , who happens to be one of our Small Business Trends experts and who goes by the screen handle “ SEO Rabbit . ”
List Of Linking Tools —
Getting links to our sites from other quality sites is crucial to search engine position .
Widely acknowledged as an expert in the field of link - building , Debra Mastaler suggests this list .
Even if you think you know a little bit about building links , I guarantee you ’ll see at least one tool you ’ve never heard of before but will want to try out .
See also Debra ’s related article with link building tools .
5 Quick Ways to Improve Facebook SEO – With so many of us spending so much time on Facebook , do n’t forget about increasing your company ’s ( and personal brand ) Facebook presence for search purposes .
This is a post from here at Small Business Trends that I recommend .
Do you have any articles , tools or resources about SEO that you ’d like to recommend ?
Leave them in a comment below .
ARTHUR :
In honor of Awards Night , I just wanted to give my thoughts on The Ted Lindsay Award .
I 'll admit that I have no idea why it was called the Lester B. Pearson award .
Pearson won a Nobel Peace Prize in his time in office , and I 'm sure , as a Canadian , spent some time in some level of hockey .
But if you 're going to have an NHLPA MVP , it should be named for someone at least loosely connected with the organization .
Though , I guess I should be happy it is n't called the Alan Eagleson award .
During the 90s Lockout , there was a book published called " Net Worth : Exploding the Myths of Pro Hockey , " and it opened on the dreary condition of the NHLPA after the players discovered that Alan Eagleson was skimming the players ' pension and colluding with owners .
The book then went back and traced the origins of unionization in hockey back to Ted Lindsay .
That chapter was even turned into a TV movie .
Lindsay was courageous at a time when hockey players were treated like circus animals .
He was the first to point out the striking similarity in his own compensation and that of Gordie Howe , who had re-signed for a Red Wings jacket at one point .
And he suffered for his efforts ; he was traded , and his union dismantled .
What would become the current NHLPA was started by Alan Eagleson , and while hockey came out of the Dark Ages under his watch , he would also put his crooked touch on the association 's business dealings for a quarter century .
This contributed to the weak union that was forced to create 31 year - old RFA 's to hold off the salary cap in the 90s , a union that was locked out on two successive CBA 's and a union that is terribly suspicious of its head , which may have lead to the dismissal of Paul Kelly .
While Eagleson ensured that more money flowed into the sport of hockey , he declined to gave players a fair shake or their fair share of it , which is what Lindsay wanted as a leader and as a player himself .
And so , to the first winner of the Ted Lindsay Award , I say , lift it proudly .
Your fellow players have associated you with a great man .
Police are reporting that a 27 - year - old transgender student at CSU Long Beach was slashed in a men ’s room on campus earlier this month .
Although the attack took place ten days ago , the university only made it public this Friday .
The student ’s assailant addressed him by name before the attack , asking him whether he was that person .
The victim of the assault did not recognize his attacker , but was able to provide police with information enabling them to create a sketch .
Police have not said whether they are investigating the incident as a hate crime .
The Long Beach Post has , however , reported that a Facebook entry on the incident claimed that the attacker carved the word “ IT ” into the victim ’s chest .
The attacked student was treated for his injuries in a local hospital and released that evening .
By By Stephanie Dearing May 31 , 2010 in Crime Nearly 200 police showed up to protect a dairy farm after a protest organizer threatened to tear the farm apart , urging people to bring weapons .
Plain City - Warning : this story is deeply disturbing .
Nearly 200 police showed up to protect a dairy farm after a protest organizer threatened to tear the farm apart , urging people to bring weapons .
Warning : video footage at Mercy for Animals starts automatically .
The footage is deeply disturbing .
The animal cruelty at Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. was exposed by Gregg is said to be studying to be a police officer , and his chosen career may now be jeopardized by his alleged behaviour at Conklin Dairy Farms , reported the Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. issued a statement saying " Our family takes the care of our cows and calves very seriously .
The video shows animal care that is clearly inconsistent with the high standards we set for our farm and its workers , and we find the specific mistreatment shown on the video to be reprehensible and unacceptable . "
The statement went on to say that the video failed to capture " the context of how the farm is operated responsibly , " said Mercy for Animals , however , maintains the violence was condoned and encouraged by the owner of Conklin , a claim repeated by Mercy for Animals said violence against farm animals is more widespread than people think .
" MFA undercover investigations at dairy farms , pig farms , egg farms , hatcheries and slaughterhouses have revealed that violence and abuse to farmed animals – whether malicious or institutionalized – runs rampant nationwide . "
An animal rights activist named Gary Yourofsky is said to have tried to organize the violent protest that the police anticipated Monday .
A letter posted to " ... in honor of every imprisoned cow and calf at Conklin 's camp , for each innocent being who was punched and kicked repeatedly , and for every other imprisoned animal on this planet , we need to gather on MEMORIAL DAY , this Monday May 31 at noon , for a massive demonstration at the Conklin Concentration Camp located at 12939 US Hwy .
Route 42 North in Plain City , Ohio .
AND TOGETHER WE WILL DISASSEMBLE THE FARM PIECE BY PIECE AND SHUT DOWN THIS PLACE OF TORTURE !!!
I am asking everyone who cares about justice and injustice to bring bolt cutters , bats , crowbars , pitchforks , hammers and wrenches to help destroy every piece of equipment the farm has , and tear down the sheds .
Even as a pacifist , you CAN do this .
Dr. King and Gandhi were RADICAL LAW - BREAKERS who CONSTANTLY BROKE UNJUST LAWS .
I am not asking you to harm anyone if it is NOT in you to harm someone ... although those who wish to will have my FULL SUPPORT .
If you want to peacefully march with a sign ( bring your own ) and chant outside the farm , please do so .
If you want to take it up a notch , then please do so .
If you 've had enough of animal abuse , as I have .
If you truly care about animals , and want their suffering to end and be massively exposed across the world , let 's fucking do this NOW !
Do n't be afraid . "
However , Mercy for Animals asked people not to attend the protest , saying the action would compromise the legal case against Gregg and jeopardize the investigation , a sentiment also expressed by Union County Police .
Last week , the local Humane Society obtained a search warrant for the farm , but said in a " ...
At that time they found that all living animals at the facility had no visible signs of abuse .
Without any visible signs of abuse and with the main perpetrator arrested , the Union County Humane Society lacked the physical evidence to seize the animals on the spot . "
The Union County Humane Society went on to say that Conklin Dairy Farms sells animals every week , and the agency would continue to look for the animals which were abused .
The Ohio Department of Agriculture 's Enforcement Division has loaned two state inspectors to the investigation , who fined Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. for improper disposal of dead animals .
If any abused animals are located , they will go to Farm Sanctuary .
The Executive Director of the Union County Humane Society , Steffen Baldwin said " Unfortunately , despite the horrific acts of torture documented in the video , and due to Ohio ’s anemic animal cruelty laws , we simply do not have enough evidence at this time to meet the public ’s overwhelming demand for the animals to be immediately seized and the facility shut down .
This is an ongoing investigation and we are doing everything in our power to gather the necessary evidence to bring the victims of this atrocious abuse to refuge , where they can live out the rest of their days free from fear and pain . ”
The Union County Human Society also said " ...
Ohio law does not currently allow felony charges on farm animal abuse .
On Thursday , the Ohio House of Representatives voted to approve House Bill 55 , which would increase animal cruelty laws from a second degree misdemeanor to a first degree misdemeanor and mandated psychological exam , mental health treatment , and suspension of the ability to care for any animals , as well as more . "
The release went on to say that Gregg could face up to 90 days in jail for each cruelty charge , if found guilty .
Other arrests might result from the investigation .
The After undercover video footage emerged showing violent acts of cruelty against cows and calves at an Ohio dairy farm , outraged animal rights activists urged protesters to tear the farm apart .
In anticipation of a large , possibly violent protest , over 150 police officers turned out to protect Conklin Dairy Farms Inc .
Only a handful of people showed up to protest , and they were peaceable , reported 10TV
The animal cruelty at Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. was exposed by Mercy for Animals .
The graphic footage depicts a man stomping the head of a living calf , a man beating cows with a crowbar , as well as stabbing at other cows with a pitchfork , among other abuses .
Mercy for Animals conducted a four week undercover operation in April , netting in the footage and the arrest of Conklin Dairy employee , Billy Joe Gregg on May 26th .
Gregg was charged with 12 counts of animal cruelty ; and subsequently fired by Conklin Dairy Farms Inc.
Gregg is said to be studying to be a police officer , and his chosen career may now be jeopardized by his alleged behaviour at Conklin Dairy Farms , reported the Columbus Dispatch Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. issued a statement saying
The statement went on to say that the video failed to capture " the context of how the farm is operated responsibly , " said This Week Community Newspapers Mercy for Animals , however , maintains the violence was condoned and encouraged by the owner of Conklin , a claim repeated by Change Mercy for Animals said violence against farm animals is more widespread than people think .
An animal rights activist named Gary Yourofsky is said to have tried to organize the violent protest that the police anticipated Monday .
A letter posted to 30 Bananas A Day blog , allegedly from Yourofsky stated However , Care2 received a similar submission , again allegedly from Yourofsky , which was a much longer letter , but did not include the inflammatory bits as noted above .
Mercy for Animals asked people not to attend the protest , saying the action would compromise the legal case against Gregg and jeopardize the investigation , a sentiment also expressed by Union County Police .
Last week , the local Humane Society obtained a search warrant for the farm , but said in a news release The Union County Humane Society went on to say that Conklin Dairy Farms sells animals every week , and the agency would continue to look for the animals which were abused .
The Ohio Department of Agriculture 's Enforcement Division has loaned two state inspectors to the investigation , who fined Conklin Dairy Farms Inc. for improper disposal of dead animals .
If any abused animals are located , they will go to Farm Sanctuary .
The Executive Director of the Union County Humane Society , Steffen Baldwin said The Union County Human Society also said
The release went on to say that Gregg could face up to 90 days in jail for each cruelty charge , if found guilty .
Other arrests might result from the investigation .
The public outcry over the documented cruelty is huge and growing bigger by the day .
Change 's petition campaign has just about reached its target of 20,000 signatures already .
More about Ohio dairy farm , Animal rights protest , Conklin dairy farms inc
More news from ohio dairy farm animal rights protes ... conklin dairy farms ...
Several players move on .
For more on Major League Soccer , visit Goal.com 's MLS page and join Goal.com 's Facebook fan page !
As many speculate that Major League Soccer clubs are looking to be active players on the transfer market , a number of organizations are shaking up their rosters and may be making room specifically for newcomers .
Just ahead of the deadline date for guaranteed contracts , MLS clubs have a strong financial incentive to let go players who are not meeting expectations .
Out west , Chivas USA midfielder José Macotelo and forward Maicon Santos were both released by the Southern California club .
Santos had scored two goals for the club , while Macotela was used mostly as a sub .
The league has also revealed that the San Jose Earthquakes have also released two players - midfielder Ramon Sanchez and goalkeeper Andrew Weber .
In the Eastern Conference , D.C. United released midfielder Christian Castillo , who made 10 appearance for the club with no goals scored .
The Chicago Fire released midfielder Julio Martinez , citing his struggles with the " physical aspect " of league play as the reason .
Going against the grain , the Kansas City Wizards acquired defender Shavar Thomas from the Philadelphia Union for draft picks and allocation money .
Path Finding Using A - Star in Clojure
For a recent project , I had to implement A* ( A - Star ) in Clojure , since it 's a very popular path finding algorithm used in gaming I thought it might be interesting to other clojurians too .
AStar uses best - first search to find the the least - cost path from a given initial node to one goal node ( out of one or more possible goals ) .
Functions ,
g ( x ) - cost of getting to that node from starting node .
- cost of getting to that node from starting node .
h( x ) - cost of getting to the goal node from current node .
- cost of getting to the goal node from current node . f( x ) - g( x ) +h( x )
are used to determine the order in which search visits nodes .
Beginning with the start node , we keep track of two lists , open and closed , open list contains the list of nodes to traverse sorted by their f( x ) cost , closed list contains the list of nodes that we have processed .
At each step , algorithm removes the first node on the open list , calculate f( x ) , g(x ) and h(x ) values for its neighbors and add the ones that are not on the closed list to the open list .
This is done until goal node has been found or no nodes are left on the open list .
In a nutshell we will ,
Add the starting node to the open list .
Loop Remove the node with the lowest f( x ) from the open list .
Add it to closed list .
Calculate 8 adjacent squares .
Filter neighbors that are not on the closed list and walkable .
For each square
If it is not on the open list , calculate F , G and H costs , make the current square parent of this square and add it open list .
If it is on the open list , check to see if this path to that square is better using the G cost , a lower G indicates a better path if so change its parent to this square and recalculate F G and H costs .
Until Target node is added to the closed list indicating a path has been found .
No more nodes left in the open list indicating there is no path between nodes .
( def maze1 [ [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] ] )
Surface is represented using a 2D vector of 0s and 1s , 0 denoting walkable nodes and 1 denoting non walkable nodes .
( defn manhattan - distance [ [ x1 y1 ] [ x2 y2 ] ] (+ ( Math /abs ^ Integer (- x2 x1 ) ) ( Math / abs ^ Integer (- y2 y 1 ) ) ) ) ( defn cost [ curr start end ] ( let [ g ( manhattan - distance start curr ) h ( manhattan - distance curr end ) f (+ g h ) ] [ f g h ] ) )
Quality of the path found will depend on the distance function used to calculate F , G , and H costs , for this implementation I choose to use Manhattan distance since it is cheaper to calculate then Euclidean distance but keep in mind that different distance metrics will produce different paths so depending on your condition expensive metrics can produce more natural looking paths .
( defn edges [ map width height closed [ x y ] ] ( for [ tx ( range (- x 1 ) (+ x 2 ) ) ty ( range (- y 1 ) (+ y 2 ) ) : when ( and ( > = tx 0 ) ( > = ty 0 ) ( <= tx width ) ( < = ty height ) ( not= [ x y ] [ tx ty ] ) ( not= ( nth ( nth map ty ) tx ) 1 ) ( not ( contains ? closed [ tx ty ] ) ) ) ] [ tx ty ] ) )
For each node we take from the open list , we need to build a list of nodes around it .
We filter them by checking if the node contains a 1 in its place on the map which means we can't go over it or it is already in the closed list which means we have already looked at it .
( defn path [ end parent closed ] ( reverse ( loop [ path [ end parent ] node ( closed parent ) ] ( if ( nil ? node ) path ( recur ( conj path node ) ( closed node ) ) ) ) ) )
When we hit our target node , we need to work backwards starting from target node , go from each node to its parent until we reach the starting node .
That is our path .
( use '[ clojure.data.priority - map ] ) ( defn search ( [ map start end ] ( let [ [ sx sy ] start [ ex ey ] end open ( priority - map - by ( fn [ x y ] ( if ( = x y ) 0 ( let [ [ f1 _ h1 ] x [ f2 _ h2 ] y ] ( if ( = f1 f2 ) ( if ( < h1 h2 ) - 1 1 ) ( if ( < f1 f2 ) - 1 1 ) ) ) ) ) start ( cost start start end ) ) closed {} width ( -> map first count dec ) height ( -> map count dec ) ] ( when ( and ( not= ( nth ( nth map sy ) sx ) 1 ) ( not= ( nth ( nth map ey ) ex ) 1 ) ) ( search map width height open closed start end ) ) ) ) ( [ map width height open closed start end ] ( if - let [ [ coord [ _ _ _ parent ] ] ( peek open ) ] ( if - not ( = coord end ) ( let [ closed ( assoc closed coord parent ) edges ( edges map width height closed coord ) open ( reduce ( fn [ open edge ] ( if ( not ( contains ? open edge ) ) ( assoc open edge ( conj ( cost edge start end ) coord ) ) ( let [ [ _ pg ] ( open edge ) [ nf ng nh ] ( cost edge start end ) ] ( if (< ng pg ) ( assoc open edge ( conj [ nf ng nh ] coord ) ) open ) ) ) ) ( pop open ) edges ) ] ( recur map width height open closed start end ) ) ( path end parent closed ) ) ) ) )
Search function is where it all happens and it pretty much summarizes all of the above steps .
Open list is a priority map that will keep its items sorted by f when there is a tie it is broken using the h value , closed is a map of nodes to parents .
We keep calling search until no elements are left on the open list or first node on the open list is our goal node .
Unless we are done we remove the first item on the open list , put it to closed list and process nodes around it .
After we get the list of adjacent nodes , they need to be added to the open list for further exploration , for nodes that are not on the open list , we calculate their costs and append them to the open vector , for nodes that are already on the open list , we check which one , the one on the open list or the one we just calculated has a lower G cost if the new one has a lower G cost we replace the one on the list with the new one .
( defn draw - map [ area start end ] ( let [ path ( into #{} ( time ( search area start end ) ) ) area ( map - indexed ( fn [ idx - row row ] ( map - indexed ( fn [ idx - col col ] ( cond ( contains ?
path [ idx - col idx - row ] ) \ X ( = 1 col ) \# : default \ space ) ) row ) ) area ) ] ( doseq [ line area ] ( println line ) ) ) )
( def maze1 [ [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] ] ) ( draw - map maze 1 [ 1 2 ] [ 5 2 ] )
astar.core= >
" Elapsed time : 10.938 msecs " ( X ) ( X # X ) ( X # X ) ( # ) ( )
( def maze2 [ [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] ] ) ( draw - map maze2 [ 1 3 ] [ 5 2 ] )
astar.core= >
" Elapsed time : 10.162 msecs " ( X X X ) ( X # # # X ) ( X # X ) ( X # ) ( # )
( def maze3 [ [ 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 ] [ 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 ] [ 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 ] [ 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 ] ] ) ( draw - map maze3 [ 0 0 ] [ 6 0 ] )
astar.core= >
" Elapsed time : 8.98 msecs " ( X # X # X ) ( X # X # X # X ) ( X # X # X # X ) ( X # X # X # X ) ( X # X )
( def maze4 [ [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 ] [ 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ] ] ) ( draw - map maze4 [ 0 0 ] [ 0 12 ] )
astar.core= >
" Elapsed time : 20.136 msecs " ( X X X X X X X ) ( # # # # # # # X ) ( # X ) ( # X ) ( # X ) ( # # # X # ) ( # X # ) ( # X # ) ( X # ) (# # # # X # # #) ( # X ) ( # X ) ( X X X X )
I was recently asked ( on Twitter ) whose was bigger , Houllier ’s or Benítez ’s ?
( Net spend , I hasten to add . )
As each has ( to date ) managed the club for six years , it seemed a fair time to ask , although the obvious problem is that Houllier started buying players 12 years ago , when transfer fees were a lot cheaper .
And of course , his sales were likewise affected .
That ’s where TPI© ( Transfer Price Index ) comes in .
It was created with this kind of question in mind .
( As with any transfer studies , we add the disclaimer that 100 % accuracy is virtually impossible , given the obfuscation surrounding some deals and the widely ranging fees depending on which source you use , but we ’ve done our utmost to be as close as possible ; overall , it ’s between 95 % and 99 % accurate . )
In actual terms , Houllier spent £ 130.9 m on players .
In today ’s money , adjusted using TPI ( i.e football inflation ) that equates to £ 245 m .
But of course , it ’s important to see how much was recouped ; more on that in a moment .
In actual terms , Benítez has spent £ 223 m .
In today ’s money ( transfer prices have of course risen since he started buying players in 2004 ) , adjusted using TPI ( football inflation ) that equates to £ 278m .
Houllier sold players for an actual amount of £ 60.3 m .
Using TPI inflation , that translates to £ 99.4m .
Benítez has sold players for a total of £ 159.3 m .
Using TPI inflation , that translates to £ 215.1 m .
Therefore , Rafa Benítez net spend , when adjusted to inflation , equals £ 63,550,192 , compared with Gérard Houllier ’s far greater total of £ 146,061,083 .
On average , using TPI to create an even playing field , Benítez has spent £ 10.5 m net per season , while Houllier spent £ 24.4 m ; roughly two - and - a - half times as much .
Houllier clearly had more supportive backers than Benítez .
Of course , these figures include money raised by selling players they inherited .
Both men lost around £ 12 m ( actual ) on local stars who went to Real Madrid ( McManaman in 1999 , Owen in 2004 ) for less than their market worth due to contract issues , within one year of the new boss taking over .
So that was an early blow to both managers .
However , only 29.5 % of Houllier ’s income was from selling his own players ( such as Heskey , Barmby and Ziege ) ; the rest came from selling his predecessor ’s signings , or home - grown talents like Fowler , Thompson and Matteo .
By contrast , Benítez has raised £ 128.8 m TPI ( £ 109.9 m actual ) from selling his own players : 59.8 % of the money he has raised through sales has been from offloading his own purchases – twice as much as with Houllier .
Now , of course , in some cases ( such as Robbie Keane and Andrea Dossena ) , Benítez was selling his own mistakes for a loss .
I do n’t think there is a manager alive who has n’t done this ( Houllier did so with Ziege , for example ) , and the key is to get as much as possible , as quickly as possible .
However , a lot of money was raised from selling the likes of Alonso , Sissoko , Bellamy , Crouch , Carson , et al , for a profit ; in some cases , after a few years of sterling service .
What ’s interesting is that every single player Houllier signed has now left Liverpool FC .
They did so for an actual combined price of just £ 52.6 m , or £ 86.9 m when adjusted with TPI .
Benítez has already raised far more than this from his sales , and that ’s before ( perish the thought ) any potential sale of Torres , Reina , Agger , Johnson , Benayoun , Kuyt and Mascherano , who between them , at current value , could raise another £ 150m .
In fairness to Houllier , players like Hyypia and Hamann left the club on free transfers having served the Reds with distinction , to the point in time when they were too old to sell .
None of us would complain if Torres left on a free , aged 33 , after seven more years of goals .
Even so , the figures seem to support the view that Benítez has outperformed his predecessor .
Conclusion
In conclusion – as I ’ve said before – Benítez has had to sell his own players to raise much of his own transfer funds .
He has also raised more money through European progression , and yet despite this , the current squad costs only £ 143 m , between £ 50 m - £ 100 m behind those of Spurs , City , Chelsea and United .
Benítez ’s win percentage in the league is 55 % , to Houllier ’s 49 % .
But Houllier only had one year of Chelsea ’s wealth to contend with ; and the Stamford Bridge outfit spent another £ 100 m the summer Benítez arrived .
Houllier had a great United side ( 1999 ) and Arsenal ’s Invincibles to battle , but Benítez has had to face what Alex Ferguson believes to be a better United team , plus the might of Chelsea ( and now City ) .
And of course , when Benítez arrived , that Arsenal side were reigning champions .
Benítez has averaged 72.2 points per season , Houllier managed 65.7 ( just 2.7 more points on average than in the ‘ disastrous ’ season we ’ve just witnessed ) .
Houllier qualified for the Champions League three times ( once would be for the season after he left ) , Benítez five .
Benítez ’s best tally in a season was 86 , Houllier ’s was 80 .
Houllier won four trophies , Benítez two .
Benítez won one of the two that really matter , and made another Champions League final .
Houllier did a good job – especially up to 2002 – and Benítez has done a better job .
However , Rafa cannot regularly work miracles , and the more financially adrift the Reds find themselves , the harder it will be to simply tread water , let alone forge ahead .
While we ’ve just experienced a relatively poor campaign , the financial undermining of the club by Gillett and Hicks preceded it , and people would do well to remember that fact .
More of my views on both managers can be found here :
This week some of our regular bloggers will be answering your World Cup questions .
South American expert Tim Vickery is first to put his neck on the block .
GENERAL
Q . Who do the bloggers think will be the real surprise package this time around - both overachieving and underperforming ?
Ben , Thailand
A. The World Cup qualification campaign in South America is so long , with so many games to follow that , to be honest , my knowledge outside the continent is very sketchy .
I had a quick look at some of the African sides in January and I am watching a few warm - up matches but , in general , I will get to know the other teams during the competition .
I cannot give an authoritative reply but I think and hope that the surprises this time round will be for positive reasons .
In 2002 , I thought that in general the surprises were negative .
Almost everyone who had come through the European season was physically on their knees and the quality suffered as a result .
There was a levelling down .
Fifa had tried to protect the World Cup since , with the cut - off point for the club season , trying to give players more time to recover .
So now I hope that any surprises will come from the fascinating dynamic of international football - the fact that players from all over the world gain top - level experience in Europe , which widens the spread of nations who can be competitive .
Q. Which unheard of players will shine in this tournament ?
Faraz , UK
A. Alexis Sanchez of Chile , Luis Suarez and perhaps Nicolas Lodeiro of Uruguay and I hope Paraguay can get the best out of Cristian Riveros .
Chile 's Alexis Sanchez could make a big impact at the World Cup
Q . In its current format the World Cup is predominantly made up of teams mainly from Europe and the Americas .
Do you think it 's time Fifa changes the rules so that more countries from Africa and Asia participate in the finals .
After all it is the ' World ' Cup ?
Amit , UK
A. I would have thought that since the expansion to 32 , both Africa and Asia are adequately represented and that there is no longer a problem in this area , although I would welcome comments from people who disagree .
Certainly , I agree with the statement that it should be a ' World Cup ' - ie with all the continents represented .
There is a case for arguing that in the Stanley Rous years FIFA was not sufficiently active in developing the less traditional continents - if they do n't come to the party , lose and learn from their mistakes then how are they going to grow ?
Q . Do you think England have a good chance of winning the World Cup ?
Luke Anderson , England
A. I have seen very little of them and nothing at all in qualifying so it is hard to give an opinion .
Winning the thing might be expecting too much but I am hoping for a better level of performance than in recent World Cups .
I wonder if the Sven - Goran Eriksson years were undone by that 5 - 1 victory back in 2001 .
It ended up being a good result for Germany - they finally had to get to grips with learning how to defend with a back four .
And it seemed to leave England stuck in a groove of trying to sneak one on the break .
The team ended up playing such pallid , negative stuff that to my mind was a poor fit with the English mentality .
I would like to see something more aggressive this time .
Q. What do you reckon about the United States ?
I think they have what it takes to progress from the group .
What do you guys think and what do you think the future for football in America is ?
Andreas , Sweden
A. I have never been to the place , so again it is not a very informed opinion , but they have clearly reached the level of competence that is good enough to think in terms of getting out of the group .
Have they got enough real quality to take it further ?
It is here that I have my doubts .
Long term , with the size , resourcefulness and mentality of its population , it is not hard to imagine the US becoming a serious power .
If they play their cards right they should be able to blend European and South American styles .
Q. Is the vuvuzela trumpet going to put you off the World Cup at all ?
David , Scotland
A . Here in Rio one of the things that is already coming across is the sheer joy of the South African population in hosting the tournament and if that is expressed with the vuvuzela , then fair enough .
The World Cup is a global party , with people from all over the planet , and in the middle of all this I think a bit of local flavour is important .
SOUTH AMERICA
Q. Which coach is under the most pressure - Diego Maradona or Dunga ?
Cleo Sharp , United Kingdom
A. Maradona only has 40 million Argentines to pile on the pressure - Dunga has 195 m Brazilians !
Also , Dunga is hopeless at schmoozing the press .
He receives some intelligent constructive criticism from the Brazilian media as well as a lot of unintelligent stuff and he puts it all in the same basket .
After the excesses of the 2006 campaign , he has cut back massively on press access to the players - all of this means that he makes enemies .
Q . In refusing to select Ronaldinho , is Dunga being wise or just stubborn ?
Mitch Holder , Mansfield , England
A . Now that is a great question and one that can only be answered definitively with hindsight .
Wise ?
Well , Dunga was patient with Ronaldinho for three years while the player was a pitiful apology for a professional player , frittering away his immense talent .
No - one seemed to be able to get through to him - he is obviously a much more complex character than the happy , smiley image .
So Dunga lost patience and the team gelled better without Ronaldinho .
And for Brazil the lesson of 2006 was that stars might win matches but teams win titles .
Stubborn ?
Under the guidance of Leonardo and motivated by the World Cup , there was a return to some kind of form this season , although that old acceleration seems to have gone forever .
Brazil do appear to lack a plan B and Ronaldinho on the bench would be an interesting option .
For what it 's worth , I think he should have been included but I think a coach should live or die by his own convictions .
Once he lets the media start picking his team , it is all over .
Q. Even if Brazil win the 2010 World Cup , do you agree that Dunga 's example of coaching the Brazil team should not be allowed to be repeated ?
Brazil are ( were ) the last ambassador of ' the beautiful game ' and should remain as such .
Yulian Totev , Bulgaria
A. Interesting that this one comes from Europe .
Dunga sees this kind of talk as part of a European conspiracy to ensure that Brazil play pretty pretty football and do not win .
For my own taste , the current team is too limited in central midfield but I have spent years criticising Dunga and he has spent years winning matches and that , after all , is his priority .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Post 1982 there does seem to be a belief in Brazilian football that some kind of contradiction exists between playing well , or certainly playing expansively , and winning .
I would love this to be reassessed ; to my mind , the main reason to play well is that it offers the best chance of winning .
It will be interesting to see what happens if Brazil are not successful in South Africa but the current Dunga side are nothing if not difficult to beat .
Q . What do you think Maradona 's starting XI will be for the World Cup and how can he keep all of these players happy ?
Also the same question about Dunga 's Brazil , what do you think his first choice XI would be ?
Will there be a place for the impressive Nilmar or will he not be given a chance despite his hat - trick against Chile last year ?
Sam Rodger , England
A. I expect Brazil to line up without Nilmar :
Julio Cesar ; Maicon , Lucio , Juan , Michel Bastos ; Elano , Gilberto Silva , Felipe Melo ; Kaka , Robinho ; Luis Fabiano .
Argentina - Romero ; Otamendi , De Michelis , Samuel , Heinze ; Gutierrez , Mascherano , Veron , Di Maria ; Messi , Higuain - with a possible variation of Gutierrez dropping to right - back and Maxi Rodriguez coming in on the right of midfield .
Q. Diego Maradona has the potential to destroy one of the best teams at the World Cup .
Can the players rise above the situation or does he ultimately wield too much influence ?
How do the people of Argentina perceive it ?
Sam , England
A . At the moment they seem to be rallying to the cause , although in a nation of football coaches , there are many disagreements with his selections .
But the signs are that things are dropping into place .
It is easily forgotten that Maradona inherited a team in crisis - only one win in seven .
With more difficult fixtures he won four in eight to get them over the line .
It was not always pretty but his floundering reminded me of Brazil in 2001 when Luiz Felipe Scolari , a much more experienced coach , was all over the place with a Brazil side in trouble - and we all know how that one ended up .
The test of Maradona 's work comes this year - choosing a philosophy of play , selecting his players , establishing variations and fostering team spirit .
He appears to have done all that .
By no means all of his choices would be mine but for the moment I cannot see the disaster that so many appear to want .
Q. I believe that Chile have the potential to progress far and I do n't think I 'm alone in thinking this .
I 've caught glimpses of them and their attacking options can be scary at times ( especially Alexis Sanchez ) .
However , from what I understand , the earthquake somewhat hindered their preparation .
What is your opinion of them and how do you think their attacking , free play will match up in South Africa ?
M Hunt , UK
A. I wrote about this a couple of weeks back .
They are perhaps the most fascinating side in the field .
Alexis Sanchez is indeed the genuine article and I hope that with all the nerves jangling they have the courage of their convictions and really give it a go .
I cannot see them going all the way , though - their defence is too suspect , especially in the air .
Q. What do we think of Uruguay 's chances in South Africa ?
I personally think they are capable of a semi-final place .
They have extreme firepower with Diego Forlan , Sebastian Abreu , and the unsung Luis Suarez .
They potentially have the next world star in Nicolas Lodeiro .
Where is all the hype ?
Tom Campbell , England
A . No hype I suppose because they are in a tough group , it is 40 years since they have done anything at a World Cup and because they only slipped in through the play - off .
They have made progress since then , though , and I agree that this is their best chance of doing something in years .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Question marks - Lodeiro provides extra subtlety but might have had the edge taken off his game as a result of his settling in period at Ajax .
Can Nacho Gonzalez tip the balance at the highest level ?
And there are some defensive problems as well - the centre - backs Lugano and Godin can struggle against quick , mobile strikers and there is space to be found behind Maxi and Alvaro Pereira at either full - back or wing - back .
Q . What chance if any do you think Paraguay stand of success at the World Cup and have they shown already , by rivalling teams such as Brazil and Argentina , that they are capable of doing this to other big nations in South Africa ?
Josh McAloone
A. Some of the warm - up results have not been great but I would n't read too much into that .
Paraguay are traditionally poor in friendlies , they have been working with all 30 players and experimenting with personnel and systems .
The build - up , though , has given them one huge plus - recently naturalised striker Lucas Barrios ( Argentine with a Paraguayan mother ) has had a dream start - one game versus the Republic of Ireland , 20 minutes against Ivory Coast and two cracking goals .
With Santa Cruz starting to find some rhythm , some other interesting strikers and Christian Riveros to support from midfield , they carry some firepower .
They have a good coach , Gerardo Martino , who is keen to replace Paraguay 's typical World Cup timidity with something more aggressive .
The draw has been kind , too .
They have never reached the quarter finals - maybe this time .
European football expert Phil Minshull will answer your questions on Tuesday .
Here are tons of pics of the Nokia N8 which we played with at Nokia Connection 2010 in Singapore .
Check out the photos and do let us know in the comments which color of the N8 do you like the most !
We love the N8 hardware and the colors .
We are just hoping Symbian ^3 is not a deal breaker .
A model trying to juggle with the N8’s
Silver , Blue , Orange , Green , Black
There 's no need to guess where the pot of gold is in this shot of a rainbow caused by the midnight sun .
The photo was taken by Mika - Pekka Markkanen in northern Finland as the light was still strong enough to form a rainbow in Kuusamo , just 37 miles south of the Arctic circle .
He said : " These pictures were taken just before midnight , but this lovely rainbow appeared on the evening sky at 10 pm "
Credit : Mika - Pekka Markkanen / National News
So is it the Democrats ’ messaging that completely sucks or are they just complete , gutless cowards ?
You know they are in bad shape when they ca n’t even pass this mild “ reform ” because they ’re too afraid to fight the GOP who ca n’t stop supporting Wall Street ’s bad behavior .
Either way , they suck .
Why do we vote for these people ?
House and Senate negotiators hoped for a vote in the House on Wednesday and to secure the votes of three straying Republicans in the Senate .
The Senate vote , however , is not likely until after Congress ’ weeklong July 4 break .
The death of Sen. Robert Byrd , D - W.Va. , this week and fresh objections from Republican Sens.
Scott Brown of Massachusetts and Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine had threatened to derail the bill , already a year in the making .
Eager to salvage one of President Barack Obama ’s legislative priorities , Democrats altered the formula that would have paid for the legislation by eliminating a contentious $ 19 billion fee on large banks and hedge funds .
Instead , House and Senate negotiators , voting along party lines , agreed to pay for the bill with money generated by ending the unpopular Troubled Asset Relief Program — the $ 700 billion bank bailout created in the fall of 2008 at the height of the financial scare .
By Dave Holmes
Despite the apparently secular nature of so much of modern life , religion is a long way from being a spent force .
For revolutionary socialists aiming to mobilise the masses for a fundamental transformation of society , religion is a question which cannot be ignored .
1 . While each country has its specific situation , in the West it is undeniable that the traditional religions are considerably diminished compared to even a few decades ago , with church attendances down and religious identification increasingly nominal for wide layers of the population .
Moreover , the churches are being shaken by multiple and ongoing controversies and crises — over the role of women and gays , especially as priests ; over revelations of past and present sexual abuse of women and children in their institutions ; over financial scandals ; in the case of the Roman Catholic Church , over damaging exposures of leading clergy flouting their own code of celibacy ; over clashes between their conservative and more liberal wings ; and over their increased integration into the activities of the state through government funding for charitable and welfare work .
However , despite the difficulties they are experiencing , the mainstream churches remain powerful institutions with a significant influence in society .
Furthermore , both within and outside the traditional churches , fundamentalist currents and groups have gained an increased following .
2 . In a considerable number of African and Asian Third World countries , urbanisation and modernisation notwithstanding , Islam remains a major factor in society .
So - called Islamic fundamentalism serves the ruling classes as a very effective weapon to control the masses and oppose the advance of the popular and progressive forces .
In India , Hindu chauvinism plays a similar role and in Sri Lanka the Buddhist clergy have been highly vocal supporters of the regime 's war against Tamils seeking self - determination .
3 . The other contender in the Third World is Catholicism , which still retains a huge following .
In Central and Latin America , while the traditional church remains very powerful , with the rise of the class struggle from the early 1960s on , a popular and liberationist current developed in many countries , in some instances even supporting the armed struggle and , in the case of Nicaragua after the 1979 revolution , radical priests and lay figures participated in the Sandinista government in defiance of the pope .
In a number of traditionally Catholic countries in the 1980s and 1990s , right - wing Protestant sects made extensive gains .
Marxism , Socialism & Religion ( Resistance Books : Chippendale , 2001 ) presents a selection of classic writings on religion by Karl Marx , Fredrich Engels , Lenin , Rosa Luxemburg and Leon Trotsky .
The focus is on Christianity and the European experience but the basic points made have a universal relevance for our understanding of religion and the fundamental considerations determining the way in which the revolutionary socialist movement should relate to it .
The selection addresses a number of key topics :
The basic Marxist analysis of religion ; the origins and evolution of Christianity ; the role of religion in historical revolutionary struggles ; the political attitude of the socialist workers ’ party towards religion and religious believers ; and the attitude of the post - revolutionary workers ’ government towards religion .
' The opium of the people '
In Engels ' 1886 work included here , Ludwig Feuerbach and the End of Classical German Philosophy , he explains Feuerbach 's contribution to the evolution of the philosophical views of Marx and himself .
Germany in the first part of the 19th century was in the grip of feudal absolutism .
But precisely in this stifling atmosphere of repression and censorship , a veritable revolution in human thought took place through the work of Georg Hegel with his development of dialectics .
The domination of German philosophy by his school reached its height in the 1830s .
After Hegel 's death in 1831 , his followers divided into two camps : the conservative and traditionalist Old Hegelians and the more radical Young Hegelians .
Marx and Engels belonged to this latter group in the early 1840s , although they soon came into conflict with the mistaken and confused ideas of its leading figures as they developed their own distinctive positions .
In this period , open political criticism of the regime was risky and the fight against absolutism took the safer form of a criticism of religion , which was a pillar of the established order .
Feuerbach 's work was a crucial bridge enabling Marx and Engels ' development from Hegel 's dialectical — yet idealist — system to their mature dialectical materialist outlook .
Feuerbach 's 1841 work , The Essence of Christianity , was pivotal here .
With one blow it pulverised the contradiction , in that without circumlocutions it placed materialism on the throne again .
Nature exists independently of all philosophy .
It is the foundation upon which we human beings , ourselves products of nature , have grown up .
Nothing exists outside nature and man , and the higher beings our religious fantasies have created are only the fantastic reflection of our own essence .
The spell was broken ; the " system " was exploded and cast aside , and the contradiction , shown to exist only in our imagination , was dissolved .
One must himself have experienced the liberating effect of this book to get an idea of it .
Enthusiasm was general ; we all became at once Feuerbachians .
How enthusiastically Marx greeted the new conception and how much — in spite of all critical reservations — he was influenced by it , one may read in The Holy Family . [ 1 ]
In that it was materialist , Feuerbach 's philosophy was a great advance over Hegel but it also suffered from some serious deficiencies — as did his explanation of religion .
Marx addresses these in summary form in his famous 11 theses of 1845 , which are reproduced in this selection .
Feuerbach understood that human beings create religion but for him these human beings remain abstractions , separated from their historical and social context which alone makes them what they are :
Feuerbach resolves the religious essence into the human essence .
But the human essence is no abstraction inherent in each single individual .
In its reality it is the ensemble of the social relations . [ 2 ]
And in his fourth thesis , Marx comments that it is not enough simply to explain the religious world as a reflection of the secular one , it is also necessary to understand this secular world — human society — as it is , with its social contradictions and class divisions .
It is precisely the dismal reality of this real world which creates and sustains religion .
Furthermore , Marx argues , this world has not only to be understood but then transformed .
( The celebrated 11th thesis makes a similar point : " The philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways ; the point , however , is to change it . " )
In his slightly earlier " Contribution to the Critique of Hegel 's Philosophy of Law " , Marx expands on these ideas .
… Man makes religion … But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world .
Man is the world of man , the state , society .
This state , this society , produce religion , a reversed world - consciousness , because they are a reversed world . [ 3 ]
The " struggle against religion " is necessarily the struggle against the social order " of which religion is the spiritual aroma " .
And : " The criticism of religion is therefore in embryo the criticism of the vale of woe , the halo of which is religion . "
This work also contains the following famous passage :
Religious distress is at the same time the expression of real distress and the protest against real distress .
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the heart of a heartless world , just as it is the spirit of a spiritless situation .
It is the opium of the people . [ 4 ]
Other works included in this selection make similar assessments of the wellsprings of religion .
In Socialism and Religion , Lenin puts it this way :
Religion is one of the forms of spiritual oppression which everywhere weighs down heavily upon the masses of the people , overburdened by their perpetual work for others , by want and isolation .
Impotence of the exploited classes in their struggle against the exploiters just as inevitably gives rise to the belief in a better life after death as impotence of the savage in his battle with nature gives rise to belief in gods , devils , miracles , and the like .
Those who toil and live in want all their lives are taught by religion to be submissive and patient while here on earth , and to take comfort in the hope of a heavenly reward … Religion is opium for the people .
Religion is a sort of spiritual booze , in which the slaves of capital drown their human image , their demand for a life more or less worthy of man . [ 5 ]
" Religion is a sort of imaginary knowledge of the world " , says Trotsky in his speech " Leninism and Workers ' Clubs " .
The imaginary character of this knowledge flows from two sources : the weakness of human beings in the face of nature , and the absurd character of social relationships .
Overawed by nature or ignoring it , and failing to analyse social relationships or ignoring them , social human beings attempted to tie the various ends together by creating fantastic images , assigning them an imaginary reality , and then going down on their knees before their own creations . [ 6 ]
Traditional religion and the church
In its 2000 - year history , Christianity has undergone profound transformations .
As Engels explains :
… religion , once formed , always contains traditional material , just as in all ideological domains tradition forms a great conservative force .
But the transformations which this material undergoes spring from class relations , that is to say , out of the economic relations of the people who execute these transformations . [ 7 ]
Christianity began as the religion of the free poor and oppressed in the Roman empire .
Some 250 years later , after enduring periods of savage persecution , it became the official religion of this very same empire .
The church developed into a powerful institution , supported by the state and , in return , giving it legitimacy .
In the Middle Ages , the church adapted itself to the feudal order .
It not only sanctified and justified this order but it was itself feudalised : it had its own feudal hierarchy with the pope at the summit , the cardinals and bishops below him , and further down the ordinary priests and at the very bottom , the laiety and the masses .
Furthermore , it was also a great temporal power , with vast landholdings across Europe .
With the rise of the bourgeoisie , the Catholic Church split .
The Reformation saw the emergence of Protestantism which , in various strains , became dominant in a number of countries .
In England , for instance , a new state church was created by Henry VIII in the early 1500s , better suited to the needs of the bourgeoisie .
In the ensuing Counter - Reformation , the Catholic Church not only waged a ferocious struggle against the Protestant heresy in the lands it controlled , but carried out reforms to adapt itself to the needs of rising capitalism .
The Jesuit order , founded in 1534 by Ignatius Loyola , played a leading role in this process .
Everywhere today , the mainstream churches and their leaders accept or justify and support the established capitalist social order , even if they lament particular aspects of it .
At any event , they certainly do not denounce it and make common cause with the socialist left to mobilise support among the masses to overthrow it and establish a truly human society .
In his 1847 polemic , " The Communism of the Rheinischer Beobachter " , Marx makes a blistering denunciation of the " social principles of Christianity " which have always sought to reconcile the masses to their servitude to the ruling class .
In her work , Socialism and the Churches , written during the 1905 Russian revolution , which was also shaking her native Poland , Rosa Luxemburg asks the question : " How does it happen that the church plays the role of a defence of wealth and bloody oppression , instead of being the refuge of the exploited ? " [ 8 ]
She points out that by its defence of privilege , the clergy " places itself in flagrant contradiction to the Christian doctrine " .
Luxemburg contrasts the humble , communistic origins of Christianity with the current opulence of the Catholic Church .
Christianity began as the religion of the free poor in the Roman empire ( it was not , she stresses , the religion of the slaves , who carried out the bulk of the backbreaking labour of society ) .
For its first 200 years , it practised communism ; its members placed all their belongings into the common store from which they were distributed as needed .
However , this was a communism of distribution , not a communism based on social ownership of the means of production , for which socialists are fighting .
Gradually the early communism of the church was eroded and replaced by mere charity on the part of the wealthy and the enrichment of the church and its clergy at the expense of its aid to the poor and needy .
Luxemburg points out that the modern socialist movement has a different agenda :
The communism which the social - democrats have in view does not consist of the dividing up , between beggars and rich and lazy , of the wealth produced by slaves and serfs , but in honest , common , united work and the honest enjoyment of the common fruits of that work .
Socialism does not consist of generous gifts made by the rich to the poor , but in the total abolition of the very difference between rich and poor , by compelling all alike to work according to their capacity by the suppression of the exploitation of man by man . [ 9 ]
If any contemporary movement can lay claim to the best in the early Christian church , it is revolutionary socialism — for all that it is based , not on a religious view of the world , but on the scientific , materialist , atheistic doctrine of Marxism :
… the social - democrats everywhere lift up the people and strengthen those who lose hope , rally the weak into a powerful organisation .
They open the eyes of the ignorant and show them the way of equality , of liberty and of love for our neighbours .
On the other hand , the servants of the church bring to the people only words of humiliation and discouragement .
And , if Christ were to appear on Earth today , he would surely attack the priests , the bishops and archbishops who defend the rich and live by exploiting the unfortunate , as formerly he attacked the merchants whom he drove from the temple so that their ignoble presence should not defile the House of God …
Today it is you in your lies and your teachings , who are pagans , and it is we who bring to the poor , to the exploited the tidings of fraternity and equality .
It is we who are marching to the conquest of the world as he did formerly who proclaimed that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven . [ 10 ]
Of course , Luxemburg ’s powerful polemic is aimed at precisely those church leaders who place themselves at the service of the ruling class in its struggle against the masses .
She stresses repeatedly that socialism does not seek conflict with either the church or with religious believers ; in fact the socialist movement stands for religious freedom under capitalism and , after the revolution , under socialism .
Indeed , there is surely a strong objective basis for collaboration between socialists and those Christians who seek to work for a better life for the people in this world .
Religion and revolution
Included here is a chapter from Engels ' work on the 1525 Peasant War in Germany , written in 1850 .
In writing his stirring and penetrating study , he had two aims .
With the defeat of the 1848 - 49 revolution fresh in his mind , he wanted to show that Germany did indeed have a great revolutionary tradition and that just as the bourgeoisie had betrayed the contemporary struggle , their burgher forbears some three centuries earlier had likewise betrayed the epic peasant - plebeian struggle for freedom .
Furthermore , his account sought to demonstrate that the religious conflicts of the Reformation were really class struggles .
In a society saturated with religion , in which the Catholic Church was one of the fundamental props of the established order and was itself one of the greatest feudal powers , any challenge to the status quo necessarily had to clothe itself in religious garb and a key focus necessarily had to be an attack on the corrupt official church and its pretensions .
The revolutionary opposition to feudalism [ writes Engels ] was alive all down the Middle Ages .
It took the shape of mysticism , open heresy , or armed insurrection , all depending on the conditions of the time . [ 11 ]
The two outstanding figures in Engels ' account are Martin Luther and Thomas Münzer .
Luther ’s reforming activity touched off the conflict but as the struggle radicalised and the burghers of the towns retreated , he too showed his conservatism by abandoning the revolutionary peasants and plebeians and siding with the counter - revolution of the princes and the church .
He issued a bloodthirsty denunciation of the insurgent masses , " the murderous and plundering peasant hordes " :
" They must be knocked to pieces , strangled and stabbed , covertly and overtly , by everyone who can , just as one must kill a mad dog ! "
Luther cried .
" Therefore , dear sirs , help here , save there , stab , knock , strangle them everyone who can , and should you lose your life , bless you , no better death can you ever attain …
The peasants must have nothing but chaff .
They do not hearken to the Word , and are foolish , so they must hearken to the rod and the gun , and that serves them right .
We must pray for them that they obey .
Where they do not there should not be much mercy .
Let the guns roar among them , or else they will do it a thousand times worse . " [ 12 ]
The real hero of Engels ' account is Münzer , the revolutionary leader of the masses .
While he had to formulate his platform in religious terms , he was really advancing a radical social program .
Münzer 's political doctrine followed his revolutionary religious conceptions very closely , and just as his theology overstepped the current conceptions of his time , so his political doctrine overstepped the directly prevailing social and political conditions .
Just as Münzer 's religious philosophy approached atheism , so his political program approached communism …
This program , no more of a compilation of the demands of the plebeians of that day than a visionary anticipation of the conditions for the emancipation of the proletarian element that had scarcely begun to develop among the plebeians — this program demanded the immediate establishment of the kingdom of God , of the prophesied millennium , by restoring the church to its original status and abolishing all the institutions that conflicted with this allegedly early - Christian , but in fact very novel church .
By the kingdom of God Münzer meant a society without class differences , private property and a state authority independent of , and foreign to , the members of society .
All the existing authorities , insofar as they refused to submit and join the revolution , were to be overthrown , all work and all property shared in common , and complete equality introduced .
A union was to be established to realise all this , and not only throughout Germany , but throughout all Christendom .
Princes and lords would be invited to join , and should they refuse , the union was to take up arms and overthrow or kill them at the first opportunity . [ 13 ]
Engels explains how , in his struggle , Münzer made use of the Anabaptist sect , so named because they believed that baptism should be a free choice of thinking adults , not forced on children .
Although the Anabaptists were pacifists , they shared Münzer ’s communist outlook .
They survived the suppression of the peasant uprising , but an imperial edict of 1529 declared death by burning as the penalty for Anabaptism and all over Germany members of the sect were martyred .
A section of the Anabaptists finally realised that only armed resistance offered them any hope of survival .
They took over the town of Münster in north - west Germany ; for 15 months they heroically resisted a siege by the imperial forces but eventually succumbed and were exterminated .
As Franz Mehring put it : " What has today become a religious quirk was once a revolutionary program , before which the ruling classes trembled . " [ 14 ]
In his " Ludwig Feuerbach " , Engels explains how with the further development of capitalism over the centuries , the bourgeoisie no longer needed to cloak its aims in religious clothing .
By the time of the French revolution of 1789 , the bourgeoisie presented its struggle in purely political terms .
" Christianity … had become incapable for the future of serving any progressive class as the ideological garb of its aspirations . " [ 15 ]
It was retained by the ruling classes purely as a means of control of the masses .
The socialist party and religion
The two articles by Lenin included here focus on several fundamental questions concerning socialism and religion .
In the first place , he stresses that socialists strongly support religious freedom and that this demand is a part of the overall struggle for political freedom :
Religion must be of no concern to the state , and religious societies must have no connection with governmental authority .
Everyone must be absolutely free to profess any religion he pleases , or no religion whatever , i.e. , to be an atheist , which every socialist is , as a rule .
Discrimination among citizens on account of their religious convictions is wholly intolerable . [ 16 ]
On the other hand , the socialist party — " an association of class - conscious , advanced fighters for the emancipation of the working class " — cannot be indifferent to the lack of class consciousness which religion represents .
However , the party does not have a point in its program demanding that atheism is a condition of membership , thereby automatically excluding religious believers .
While socialists do not hide their materialist , atheistic beliefs , we do not believe that religious obscurantism can be fought fundamentally by propaganda methods .
Marxism teaches that the wellsprings of religious belief lie in weighty objective realities — in modern society , the exploitation , oppression and powerlessness of the masses .
Only by their active involvement in the struggle to overthrow this oppressive social order and create a socialist society can the masses go beyond the conditions which promote religious belief :
It would be stupid to think that , in a society based on the endless oppression and coarsening of the worker masses , religious prejudices could be dispelled by purely propaganda methods .
It would be bourgeois narrow - mindedness to forget that the yoke of religion that weighs upon mankind is merely a product and reflection of the economic yoke within society .
No number of pamphlets and no amount of preaching can enlighten the proletariat , if it is not enlightened by its own struggle against the dark forces of capitalism .
Unity in this really revolutionary struggle of the oppressed class for the creation of a paradise on earth is more important to us than unity of proletarian opinion on paradise in heaven . [ 17 ]
As Lenin explains , this does not mean that the socialist party should not make propaganda criticising religion from a Marxist viewpoint but , rather , that this work takes second place to the main task — drawing the masses into the class struggle against the exploiters and their system — and should only be done in a manner which does not impede it .
Lenin addresses the question : can religious believers be members of the socialist party ?
There is no hard and fast rule here : while there should be no automatic prohibition nor can the party be indifferent to the religious beliefs of its members :
It can not be asserted once and for all that priests cannot be members of the Social - Democratic Party ; but neither can the reverse rule be laid down .
If a priest comes to us to take part in our common political work and conscientiously performs party duties , without opposing the program of the party , he may be allowed to join the ranks of the social - democrats ; for the contradiction between the spirit and principles of our program and the religious convictions of the priest would in such circumstances be something that concerned him alone , his own private contradiction ; and a political organisation cannot put its members through an examination to see if there is no contradiction between their views and the party program …
And if , for example , a priest joined the Social - Democratic Party and made it his chief and almost sole work actively to propagate religious views in the party , it would unquestionably have to expel him from its ranks .
We must not only admit workers who preserve their belief in God into the Social - Democratic Party , but must deliberately set out to recruit them ; we are absolutely opposed to giving the slightest offence to their religious convictions , but we recruit them in order to educate them in the spirit of our program , and not in order to permit an active struggle against it .
We allow freedom of opinion within the party , but to certain limits , determined by freedom of grouping ; we are not obliged to go hand in hand with active preachers of views that are repudiated by the majority of the party . [ 18 ]
After the revolution
The three pieces by Trotsky and the two appendices included in this volume deal with the question of the new Soviet regime and religion .
The extract from The ABC of Communism gives a picture of how intimate was the relation between the tsarist regime and the Russian Orthodox Church , the role it played in indoctrinating the people on behalf of the established order and the vast financial support it received in return .
After the October Revolution , the church was disestablished .
It lost its privileged , state - supported place in society ; its official subsidies were abolished ; its role in the education system was ended ; and its huge estates were confiscated for the benefit of the people .
On the other hand , freedom of religious belief was guaranteed .
Trotsky 's defence of the 1922 decision of the Soviet government to confiscate from the churches precious objects that were not being used in services and put any funds raised to famine relief shows that this was not an attack on religion .
Rather it was a legitimate measure in response to a desperate emergency which threatened the lives of millions of people .
The emphasis in these readings is on combating religion , not through any form of persecution , but most fundamentally through the process of widening people ’s experience and increasing their control over their lives .
As Trotsky puts it :
We are driving out mysticism through the use of materialism , above all by broadening the collective experience of the masses , increasing their active influence on society , expanding the framework of their positive knowledge , and it is on this general basis that where necessary , we also aim direct blows against religious superstitions . [ 19 ]
And further :
Religion will only cease to exist completely with the development of the socialist system , that is , when technology frees people from degrading forms of dependency on nature , and amid social relations that are no longer mysterious , which are completely transparent and do not oppress people …
Only the ending of earthly chaos can do away forever with its religious reflection . [ 20 ]
This is the authentic Marxist attitude .
However , under Stalin 's bureaucratic rule , the practice of religion was made very difficult and many churches were demolished to make way for prestige projects .
But in the extremity of the war against Hitlerite fascism , Stalin rehabilitated the Orthodox Church as part of a campaign to revive Great - Russian patriotism to bolster the people 's fighting spirit — since an appeal to the revolutionary internationalist traditions of the October Revolution was excluded .
And today , in the new Russia , where a gang of predatory mafia - capitalists is ruthlessly looting the country and beggaring the mass of the people , the Orthodox Church is again being favoured by the authorities .
As did the tsarist regime in earlier times , the new rulers realise that a desperate people needs spiritual consolation to divert it from turning to revolutionary politics and overthrowing the whole rotten system .
New laws severely restrict the activities of non-Orthodox religions ( Catholicism , Protestant sects , etc. ) .
The current Russian national anthem now contains a reference to God .
Cuban Revolution
Much closer in time , the Cuban Revolution has demonstrated , in exemplary practice , how a genuine socialist regime relates to religion .
Although Christians participated in the struggle against the US - backed dictator Batista , the Catholic Church , led by Spanish priests , was extremely hostile and some Christians gave support to the US - backed counter - revolutionaries in the 1960s .
Some of these priests were expelled from the country , but others were permitted to take their place .
In November 1971 , meeting with a group of priests during his visit to Chile , Fidel Castro remarked on this situation :
No one can say that the Christians were an obstacle .
Some Christians participated in the struggle at the end ; there were even some martyrs …
There were some priests … who joined our ranks on their own …
What happened at the beginning was a class problem .
It did n't have anything to do with religion .
It was the religion of the landowners and the wealthy .
When the socioeconomic conflict erupted , they tried to pit religion against the revolution .
That was what happened .
The Spanish clergy was quite reactionary . [ 21 ]
Over time , relations between the Catholic Church and the revolution progressed from the initial state of antagonism to diplomatic normality .
In January 1998 , Pope John Paul II made an historic visit to Cuba .
Under the scrutiny of several thousand personnel from the international news media , he addressed large gatherings across the island .
He was treated with scrupulous courtesy and respect by the Cuban leadership and people , even when parts of his message were obviously at odds with the convictions of most of his audiences .
However , those reactionaries who hoped to see the pope denounce the revolution were definitely disappointed .
While the pope expressed his disagreement with certain aspects of life in Cuba , he also called for an end to the crippling US - imposed blockade of the island and denounced neoliberalism and consumerism .
Overall , the revolution only gained from his visit ; it was widely recognised that the big loser was the United States .
One particularly vexed question which the Cuban Revolution had to confront early on concerned the participation of Christians in the party of the revolution .
When the new Communist Party of Cuba was organised in the 1960s , Christians were prohibited from joining .
In the situation of intense conflict with the United States , given the record of the church , there were doubts about the loyalty of Christians and it was felt that it was too big a risk to take — even if injustices were done in individual cases .
In fact , this ban also extended to religious believers of any persuasion .
It thus excluded from party membership adherents of the African religions , which have long had a significant following among the Cuban masses .
At the party 's fourth congress in late 1991 , after vigorous debate , this policy was overturned and now , as long as they meet all the normal criteria , Christians and other believers can become party members .
Fidel spoke strongly in favour of scrapping the ban :
It is a tremendous contradiction that there are millions of [ believers ] worldwide and in Latin America who defend the Cuban Revolution , who are actively in solidarity with the Cuban Revolution , and yet , our only response to them is that we do n't allow believers in the party .
From a political viewpoint , I think that is a grave mistake .
And it is unjust .
If a believer deserves to become a party member , he or she should n't be shut out .
( On the contrary . )
Our principles , our concept of a party of all the people , of a united party , where no one is discriminated against , would certainly be strengthened .
Because discrimination in the party also leads to discrimination in government , and people are kept from holding certain positions because of their religious beliefs .
It is high time we rectified this situation . [ 22 ]
The philosophy guiding Fidel Castro and the Cuban revolutionaries is presented at length in the book Fidel and Religion , a series of conversations in 1985 between Fidel and the radical Brazilian priest , Frei Betto .
In his 1971 meeting with the Chilean priests , Fidel expressed his conviction that there are " 10,000 times more coincidences between Christianity and communism than between Christianity and capitalism " .
At the end of the meeting , Fidel called for a fundamental collaboration between Christians and revolutionary socialists in the struggle for social change : " We would like to be strategic allies , which means permanent allies . " [ 23 ]
As he later recalled :
They asked me if it was to be a tactical or a strategic alliance .
I said it should be a strategic alliance between religion and socialism , between religion and revolution . [ 24 ]
Unite to save humanity
Today humanity faces a crisis without precedent in history , a combined social and environmental crisis , deriving from the ever - increasing rapacity of the world capitalist system .
Neoliberal capitalism 's insane drive for profit ahead of all other considerations has brought humanity to the brink of absolute catastrophe .
The burning question is how to resist and overthrow this malignant system and replace it with a truly human social order — i.e. , with socialism .
The political task is to mobilise and unite the broadest possible popular forces in this struggle .
As the crisis deepens , resistance will intensify and draw ever - wider layers of people into action , including religious believers .
It will find its reflection in the churches , as is already the case with a wide range of issues .
One can expect that sections of the clergy will support the ruling class while others will participate in the mass movement ; similarly with their congregations .
While the weight of the religious question varies in the different countries , in general it is an important task for Marxist socialists to be able to develop a real alliance with progressive sections of the religious communities in the fight to save our world and its people .
A study of the historic positions and experience of the socialist movement is a prerequisite for meeting this challenge .
[ Dave Holmes is a leader of the Melbourne branch of the Socialist Alliance .
This is the Introduction to Marxism , Socialism & Religion ( Resistance Books : Chippendale , 2001 ) and is also reposted from Arguing for Socialism . ]
Notes
Amidst statistics that show rising numbers of kids — and we do mean kids — are having unprotected sex , a Swiss company has introduced an itsy - bitsy child - sized condom for penises ages 12 - 14 .
And it 's called " the Hotshot . "
Omg , adorable .
Advertisement
We 're guessing that the introduction of the 7.4 x 1.7 " prophylactic , currently available only in Switzerland , may outrage some , who will doubtless feel it encourages the target audience 's sexual activity .
But , as one researcher at the University of Besel , who 's conducted studies in youthful sexual activity , said , kids this age often " do not understand the consequences of what they are doing ... The results of this study suggest that early prevention makes sense . "
As the Sociological Images blog puts it , " Is it better to encourage abstention , even though we know it is of limited use , or try to reduce harm ? "
The author also makes the point that the condoms could serve a very useful , if sad function , for those boys forced into sex work at a young age .
Then too , will encouraging condom use ( very ) young result in a lifelong commitment to protection ?
My real question about the condom — besides wanting statistics on what percentage of young boys are sexually viable and at the same time not regular condom - sized — is the aforementioned " Hotshot " business .
While I get that " extra - small " is n't exactly going to move inventory with the middle - school set , a name that plays into the age - group 's penchant for manhood - proving leaves the manufacturers open to exactly the sort of criticism you 'd think they 'd want to avoid .
Or , they 've got a much better sense of irony than most of the advertisers we 're used to .
Advertisement
Switzerland Company Offers Young Boys Extra -Small Condom , The Hotshot [ NY Daily News ]
Protecting Boys With Condoms For Kids [ Sociological Images ]
Until recently , the nine - year conflict in Afghanistan had become “ the forgotten war ” for many Americans – a complaint increasingly heard among US troops there .
But this week ’s sacking of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal as US commander puts Afghanistan – and especially how the fight against the Taliban is going – squarely back into public thought and concern .
Most Americans agree with Obama that McChrystal had to go , polls show .
But they ’re far less supportive of the conflict itself , weary of what ’s become the longest war in US history .
A recent Rasmussen Reports telephone survey of likely voters finds that just 41 percent “ now believe it is possible for the United States to win the nearly nine - year - old war in Afghanistan . ”
More to the point , a plurality of 48 percent now say ending the war in Afghanistan is a more important goal than winning it .
IN PICTURES : Fighting continues in Afghanistan
Meanwhile , 53 percent of those polled by Newsweek disapprove of how Obama is managing the war – a sharp reversal since February when 55 percent supported Obama on Afghanistan and just 27 percent did not .
( Put another way , the percentage of Americans who disapprove of Obama ’s Afghan policy has nearly doubled in four months . )
The same Newsweek poll finds that “ 46 percent of respondents think America is losing the war in Afghanistan ( 26 percent say the military is winning ) .
A similar plurality think the US is losing the broader war on terrorism ( 43 percent vs. 29 percent ) … ”
Part of this has to do with the nature of a counterinsurgency ( COIN ) effort – a phrase and acronym which has been around at least since the early days of Vietnam .
Even when it works , counterinsurgency can take years .
And the two most recent major examples – France in Algeria and the United States in Vietnam – hardly worked .
Hearts and minds must be won , not only in the war zone , but at home as well .
In naming Gen. David Petraeus as McChrystal ’s replacement , President Obama emphasized that there would be no change in war policy or strategy .
The goal is still to defeat the Taliban , develop Afghan army and police forces , and seriously consider withdrawing US forces in little more than a year from now .
But as Tony Karon at time.com points out , “ the mounting difficulties facing that strategy were certainly a primary driver of the internecine backstabbing that was laid bare by the Rolling Stone article that got McChrystal fired . ”
“ Violence is on the increase , the Taliban is hardly in retreat , both Pakistan and Afghan President Hamid Karzai continue to hedge their bets , and NATO allies want out , ” Karon writes .
“ The idea that the war can be handed over to Afghan security forces anytime soon appears fanciful .
And prospects for turning things around by next summer , the administration 's putative target date to begin drawing down , are looking grim . ”
Unsettled public opinion on the conflict in Afghanistan – where US combat casualties have been increasing – is reflected in Congress , which must approve war funding .
“ The president and congressional critics , long on a collision course over the war in Afghanistan , are hurtling ever faster toward each other since the ouster of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , and doves on Capitol Hill are feeling a little tougher right now , ” reports Politico .
Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan predicts that conservatives may “ start to peel off ” as well .
“ Not Washington policy intellectuals but people on the ground in America , ” she wrote this week .
“ There are many reasons for this .
Their sons and nephews have come back from repeat tours full of doubts as to the possibility of victory , ‘ whatever that is , ’ as we all now say . ”
Noonan continued : “ The other day Sen . Lindsey Graham , in ostensibly supportive remarks , said that Gen. David Petraeus … ‘ is our only hope . ’
If he can't pull it out , ‘ nobody can . ’
That 's not all that optimistic a statement . ”
IN PICTURES : Fighting continues in Afghanistan
Related :
The third front in Afghanistan : the American public
Gen . David Petraeus takes over in Afghanistan :
Will it make a difference ?
screenshot from AT&T e-mail
On Sunday evening , AT&T sent an e-mail message to owners of the Apple 3G iPad notifying them of a security breach that was publicized early last week .
The message , sent by Dorothy Attwood , a senior vice president and chief privacy officer at AT&T , explained that a number of iPad 3G owners ’ e-mail addresses , along with a private identification number known as an ICC - ID , were made public through a breach in AT&T ’s Web site .
The company also apologized for the security error .
AT&T laid blame on a security group that first discovered the weakness on the company ’s Web site .
Ms. Attwood wrote that “ unauthorized computer ‘ hackers ’ maliciously exploited a function designed to make your iPad log - in process faster . ”
The group , known as Goatse Security , discovered the hole early last week before notifying the gossip Web site Gawker.com .
The breach made more than 114,000 e-mail addresses visible .
Ms. Attwood refers to the group in the e-mail as “ self - described hackers ” and writes that the group “ deliberately went to great efforts ” to gain access to customers ’ private information .
On Thursday , the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it was investigating the security breach , calling it a “ potential cyberthreat . ”
Ms. Attwood also accused the group of putting “ together a list of these e-mails and distributed it for their own publicity . ”
In a recent blog post on Goatse Security ’s Web site , a member of the group defended its actions , stating that “ all data was gathered from a public webserver with no password , accessible by anyone on the Internet . ”
The groups ’ members also noted that their efforts were meant to protect the public and said the only person to receive the e-mail addresses and ICC - ID numbers was “ Gawker journalist Ryan Tate who responsibly redacted ” any visible personal information .
Members of the group used the UCC - ID that is on each iPad 3G and pinged the AT&T login page with it .
That page returned an e-mail address associated with that iPad 3G .
They then wrote a simple script to ping the page with a series of numbers repeatedly until they had 114,000 e-mail addresses .
The full e-mail from AT&T regarding the security breach is below :
Visually driven responses in parietal area LIP .
( See the original paper for details . )
Image : Nature , doi:10.1038/nature09179
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The rare phenomenon of blindsight has been known for a long time , but until now has never been understood .
People with blindsight are effectively blind through damage to the primary visual cortex and yet may be able to identify colors and to avoid obstacles in their way even though they are not consciously aware of them .
New research on monkeys has found that loss of part of the primary visual cortex leaves the brain unaware of visual information in affected areas , but other regions of the brain appear to be involved in processing visual information , and these areas may contribute to the phenomenon of blindsight .
The researchers , Michael C. Schmid and colleagues from the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) in Bethesda in Maryland , worked with two macaque monkeys with small lesions in their primary visual cortexes , which made them unaware of visual cues in a subset of their visual fields .
The researchers first defined the precise areas of the visual field to which they no longer responded and then confirmed with functional magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) that stimuli in those areas could induce activity in the rest of the visual cortex .
The researchers then injected a part of the brain called the lateral geniculate nucleus ( LGN ) with a chemical , THIP , which activates the receptor for an inhibitory signaling molecule , and thus temporarily shuts down the LGN .
The LGN is part of the thalamus in the middle of the brain and has been shown by previous studies to have projections to several secondary visual areas , which implies it may play an important role in the visual system .
The researchers tested the responses of the monkeys to high - contrast stimuli presented to the part of the visual field affected by the lesion both before and after the injection .
The results showed that before the injection the monkeys exhibited blindsight responses of eye focusing movements , correct location of the stimuli , and activation of areas of the brain shown by the fMRI .
After the injection there were no responses .
The findings suggest LGN may be the main relay between the retina and the main visual cortex , and projections from LGN to other parts of the brain provide a critical contribution to blindsight .
The paper is published in the journal Nature .
Explore further Mechanism of ' blindsight ' explored
More information : Blindsight depends on the lateral geniculate nucleus , Michael C. Schmid et al. , Nature advance online publication 23 June 2010 .
Blindsight depends on the lateral geniculate nucleus , Michael C. Schmid et al. , advance online publication 23 June 2010 .
doi:10.1038/nature09179
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
( Newser ) – Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking has spent his life probing the cosmos for answers — and does n't think much of those provided by religion , he tells ABC News .
" What could define God is thinking of God as the embodiment of the laws of nature , " Hawking says , but that is n't the god of most major religions : " They made a human - like being with whom one can have a personal relationship .
When you look at the vast size of the universe and how insignificant an accidental human life is in it , that seems most impossible . "
Hawking instead sees religion as a human construct , and one that stands in opposition to science : " There is a fundamental difference between religion , which is based on authority , " Hawking says , " and science , which is based on observation and reason .
Science will win because it works . "
( Read more Stephen Hawking stories . )
A Phoenix police officer accused of DUI in Gilbert is seeking $ 500,000 in damages from the town , claiming police there used excessive force in firing a Taser to incapacitate him before the arrest .
Phoenix Officer Seth Samuel Castillo was found on Jan. 3 " slumped over " behind the wheel of a black Jeep Commander , which was blocking an intersection in his Gilbert neighborhood , according to a police report .
Roberts : Drat those Gilbert cops !
It took Gilbert police several minutes to rouse Castillo .
When he finally came to , he mumbled " mostly unintelligible words , some of which sounded like ' kill you , ' " according to the report .
A Gilbert police officer ordered Castillo out of the vehicle and told him to put his hands on the car .
Castillo reportedly dropped his arms , and the officer , fearing he might draw a weapon , shot him in the back with the Taser , according to the report .
Castillo fell to the ground , and the officer called for backup .
Castillo then revealed that he is a Phoenix police officer .
Lab results showed that Castillo had a blood - alcohol content of 0.173 percent , more than twice the legal limit of 0.08 percent .
He currently faces charges of driving under the influence of alcohol and failing to obey a police officer , Gilbert prosecutor Lynn Arouh said .
A pretrial conference is set for July 23 in Gilbert Municipal Court .
An internal Phoenix Police Department investigation of Castillo sustained allegations of drunken driving and conduct unbecoming for a police officer , police records show .
Castillo could face discipline ranging up to a five - day suspension , though no final action has been taken , said Phoenix police Sgt. Trent Crump , a department spokesman .
Castillo previously received a minor reprimand after internal - affairs investigators probed an allegation that the officer had received several civil traffic tickets , including some while in uniform .
Castillo was assigned to a desk job during the investigation , though he recently returned to patrol in Maryvale Precinct .
On July 2 , Castillo filed a notice of claim against Gilbert seeking $ 500,000 , alleging violations of his civil rights .
He claims Gilbert police used excessive force and violated his rights under the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which guards against unreasonable search and seizure .
Castillo alleges the " egregious and extremely outrageous " actions of the Gilbert police officer have caused damage to his reputation and inflicted emotional damage , according to the claim .
In the claim , he neither admitted nor denied driving drunk .
A notice of claim must be filed within 180 days of an incident and can be settled outside of court , without a lawsuit .
The town does not comment on them .
I have to say that I 'm hesitant to get excited over a new Bond game .
They 've tried and tried and they just can't recapture the magic that is Goldeneye .
I think a lot of it is nostalgia too .
There were a lot of good times , but was it really THAT good of a game ?
And why on earth is it going on the Wii ?
I have my fingers crossed that this will be another reason on the stack of growing reasons for me to snag a Wii , but I 'm not holding my breath .
There are so many astounding science fiction books out there that this has been one of the hardest lists for me to put together .
I have added and culled but finally I have a list of the most important 15 Science Fiction Books of all time .
I realise that not everyone will be satisfied with this list – so please use the comments to add the books that I could n’t due to space and time .
In no particular order …
1. The Time Machine H G Wells
The Time Machine was first published in 1895 , making it the oldest book on this list .
Considered by many to be one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time , this book coined the term “ Time Machine ” which is almost exclusively used to refer to any device that allows humans to move through time .
The book ’s main character is an amateur inventor who lives in London .
He is never identified , instead being referred to simply as “ The Time Traveller ” .
Having demonstrated to friends that time is a fourth dimension , and that a suitable device can move back and forth in this fourth dimension , he completes the building of a larger machine capable of carrying himself .
He immediately sets off on a journey into the future .
Buy it at Amazon
You ’ve read the books , now watch the movies !
Get the Sci-Fi Classics 50 Movie Pack at Amazon.com !
2. Stranger in a Strange Land Robert Heinlein
Stranger in a strange land tells the story of Valentine Michael Smith , a human raised by Martians on the planet Mars , upon his return to Earth in early adulthood .
The novel explores his interaction and transformation of Earth culture .
Typically of Heinlein , this book cover a variety of human taboos , including homosexuality , nudism , and cannibalism .
The book introduces the character of Jubal Harshaw who is a central figure in many later books by Heinlein .
It won the 1969 Hugo award and has not been out of print since the first publication .
Eventually Stranger in a Strange Land became a cult classic , attracting many readers who would not normally have read a work of science fiction .
Buy it at Amazon
3. The Lensman Series E E “ Doc ” Smith
I remember one summer in my childhood when all the other kids were busy hanging out at the movies and playing video games , that I spent every day lying in the backyard all day reading every book that E E Smith wrote ( luckily my dad is a keen Sci - Fi fan so he had them all ) .
Doc Smith was my introduction to Science Fiction – and what an introduction it was !
The Lensman series was the first set of science fiction novels conceived as a series .
It was also the original source which introduced many innovative concepts into science fiction , and a variety of ideas newly introduced in the series later were taken and used to solve non-fictional problems .
In this sense the series was ground - breaking and defined an entire genre .
Buy it at Amazon
4. 2001 – A Space Odyssey Arthur C Clarke
Interestingly , this book was developed concurrently with Stanley Kubrick ’s film and published after the release of the movie .
In the background to the story , an ancient and hidden alien race uses a mechanism with the appearance of a large crystal Monolith ( black in the film ) to investigate worlds all across the galaxy and to encourage the development of intelligent life .
This novel was followed by three others : 2010 ( also made into a movie ) , 2069 , and 3001 .
As yet no plans exist for the remaining two to be made in to films .
Buy it at Amazon
5. Fahrenheit 451 Ray Bradbury
The novel presents a future in which all books are banned and critical thought is suppressed .
The central character , Guy Montag , is employed as a “ fireman ” ( which , in this case , means “ book burner ” ) .
451 degrees Fahrenheit is stated as “ the temperature at which book - paper catches fire , and burns … ”
It was originally published as a shorter novella , The Fireman , in the February 1951 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction .
Fahrenheit 451 takes place in an unspecified future time in a hedonistic and rabidly anti-intellectual America that has completely abandoned self - control and bans the possession of books .
People are now only entertained by in - ear radio and an interactive form of television .
The protagonist , Guy Montag , is a fireman , certain that his job — burning books , and the houses that hold them , and persecuting those who own them — is the right thing to do .
Buy it at Amazon
6. The Foundation Series Isaac Asimov
The term ‘ Foundation Series ’ is often used to include the Robot Series and Empire Series , which are set in the same fictional universe .
In total there are fourteen novels and dozens of short stories written by Asimov , and six novels written by other authors after his death .
The series is highly acclaimed , deservedly winning the one - time Hugo Award for “ Best All - Time Series ” in 1965 .
The premise of the series is that scientist Hari Seldon spent his life developing a branch of mathematics known as psychohistory , a concept devised by Asimov .
Using the law of mass action , it can predict the future , but only on a large scale ; it is error - prone for anything smaller than a planet or an empire .
Using these techniques , Seldon foresees the fall of the Galactic Empire , which encompasses the entire Milky Way , and a dark age lasting thirty thousand years before a second great empire arises .
These books are captivating and if you start book one , you wo n’t stop until you finish book fourteen .
Buy it at Amazon
7. Slaughterhouse - Five Kurt Vonnegut
Slaughterhouse - Five ; or , The Children ’s Crusade : A Duty - Dance With Death is a 1969 novel by Kurt Vonnegut .
Widely regarded as a classic , it combines science fiction elements with an analysis of the human condition from an uncommon perspective , using time travel as a plot device and the bombing of Dresden in World War II , the aftermath of which Vonnegut witnessed , as a starting point .
A disoriented and ill - trained American soldier named Billy Pilgrim is captured by German soldiers and is forced to live in a makeshift prison .
Billy has become “ unstuck in time ” for unexplained reasons so he randomly and repeatedly visits different parts of his life , including his death .
He meets , and is later kidnapped by , aliens from the planet Tralfamadore , who exhibit him in a Tralfamadorian zoo with Montana Wildhack , a pornographic movie star .
Buy it at Amazon
8. The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Douglas Adams
The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy is a science fiction comedy series created by Douglas Adams .
The series follows the adventures of Arthur Dent , a hapless Englishman who , with his friend Ford Prefect , an alien from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse , escapes the demolition of Earth by a bureaucratic alien race called the Vogons .
Zaphod Beeblebrox , Ford ’s semi-cousin and part - time Galactic President , unknowingly saves the pair from certain death .
He brings them aboard his stolen spaceship , the Heart of Gold , whose crew rounds out the main cast of characters : Marvin , the Paranoid Android , a depressed robot , and Trillian , formerly known as Tricia McMillan , a woman Arthur once met at a party who he soon realises is the only other survivor of Earth ’s destruction .
After this , the characters embark on a quest to find the legendary planet of Magrathea and the Question to the Ultimate Answer .
Buy it at Amazon
9. Dune Frank Herbert
Dune is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert and published in 1965 , and is frequently cited as the best - selling science fiction novel in history .
Dune is set far in the future amidst a sprawling feudal interstellar empire where planetary fiefdoms are controlled by noble Houses that owe allegiance to the Imperial House Corrino .
The novel tells the story of young Paul Atreides as he and his family relocate to the planet Arrakis , the only source of the spice melange , the most important and valuable substance in the universe .
In a story that explores the complex interactions of politics , religion , ecology , technology , and human emotion , the fate of Paul , his family , his new planet and its native inhabitants , as well as the Padishah Emperor , the powerful Spacing Guild , and the secretive female order of the Bene Gesserit , are all drawn together into a confrontation that will change the course of humanity .
Buy it at Amazon
10 . Neuromancer William Gibson
This ’ 80s novel caused a sensation when it was published .
Set in a near - future world , this novel helped to popularize the cyberpunk genre .
The novel uses visual power and imagery it ’s predecessors were not able to achieve .
The main character of Neuromancer is Case , a console cowboy , who , by linking his brain directly with computers , pirates data kept in the cyberspace matrix .
This is simulated by a worldwide database with a crippled nervous system .
With the aid of Molly ( who has concealed cybernetic weapons ) , they embark on a violent adventure .
Buy it at Amazon
11 . Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Philip K Dick
Published in 1968 , this novel , even today , is years ahead of its time .
Set in the future , the World War had obliterated millions with entire species extinct .
This causes the humans to look for a new home planet .
However , large corporations build artificial animals , which look extremely realistic , and are successful in creating artificial humans , used for slave labor .
This causes great fear amongst the human population and the androids are subsequently banned .
The androids are on the run , and Rick Deckard is brought in to hunt down the escapees to “ retire ” them .
This book was the inspiration for Blade Runner .
Buy it at Amazon
12 . Gateway Frederik Pohl
Winner of both the Hugo , and Nebula Awards , Gateway is the story of the ultimate futuristic goldrush !
Set in the 21st century , Gateway – a large asteroid – has been found ; containing hundreds of ancient space ships .
All of these ships have pre-programmed courses set .
Little is known about the builders of these ships , the Heechee .
The curious humans explore the destinations that are preset which result in either vast wealth , or death .
The two main characters are Robinette Broadhead , who becomes a prospector , and Sigrid , his digital psychotherapist .
Much of the novel consists of Broadhead ’s conversation with Sigrid , interspersed with his memories of Gateway and the journeys he has taken in the Heechee ships .
A slow moving thinking person ’s novel which builds to an amazing crescendo .
Buy it at Amazon
13 . Ender ’s Game Orson Scott Card
Taken from home at the tender age of 7 , surrounded by enemies , with no hope and impossible odds , he is Earth ’s last hope .
Ender excels in the field of combat .
The invasion of the alien insects ‘ buggers ’ looms over the Earth .
Ender is put to the test when he leads Earth ’s defensive and retailitory attack against the aliens .
The dialogue , visuals , and details bond you to the characters and make this story incredible .
Buy it at Amazon
Do n’t miss Orson Scott Card ’s latest installment in the Ender universe — the taught Sci-Fi thriller Earth Awakens ( The First Formic War ) at Amazon.com !
14 . 1984 George Orwell
George Orwell wrote 1984 a year before his death to show the world the grim and bleak future of a society subject to totalitarianism .
It ’s a disturbing and chilling story of Big Brother , where sex is frowned upon and only to be used for reproductive purposes .
It was written in 1949 , four years after the end of WWII and the paranoia and fear that arose from that time , as well as the threat of communism , gave birth to 1984 .
In the novel the world has been grouped into three opposing forces : Oceania , Eurasia , and Eastasia .
Winston Smith , of Oceania , is living in London , a society where you are monitored constantly through telescreens which are in every room .
Even if you are physically alone , you are always being watched and individualism is forbidden .
The government provides the ‘ entertainment ’ : movies and music .
Crime is monitored by the Thought Police , an elite and secretive government organization that can erase you and all records of your existence .
Buy it at Amazon
15 . Brave New World Aldous Huxley
Huxley is one of my favourite writers .
Brave New World is set in a dystopian future which anticipates developments in reproductive technology , biological engineering , and sleep - learning that combine to change society .
The world the novel describes is a utopia , though an ironic one : humanity is carefree , healthy and technologically advanced .
Warfare and poverty have been removed and everyone is permanently happy .
The irony is that all of these things have been achieved by eliminating many things that humans consider to be central to their identity — family , culture , art , literature , science , religion , and philosophy .
It is also a hedonistic society , taking pleasure from promiscuous sex and drug use , especially the use of soma , a powerful drug taken to escape pain and bad memories through hallucinations .
Buy it at Amazon
I must , of course , give a tip of the hat to Jules Verne who should be on the list but I just could n’t decide who to cut in his favor .
Contributors : Ryan Sweeney , and Fritha Keith
The time for definitive conclusions on the World Cup is 12 July .
Until then , as we have already seen , Monday 's marvel can easily be transformed into Friday 's flop .
On what has been served up so far , though , it is safe enough to argue that Brazil look best equipped to win the competition .
The 2010 model might not be the easiest Brazil side to love but it is one of the hardest to beat .
Well balanced , physically and mentally strong , sure of what it is doing and blessed with deadlock - breaking moments of individual magic , Dunga 's team will take some stopping .
This is hardly a surprise .
In South Africa , Brazil are reproducing the form that lead them , along with Spain , to be considered pre-tournament favourites .
What might be more of a shock is that Brazil are leading such a strong contingent from their own continent .
With an accumulated seven wins and two draws , this has been South America 's World Cup so far .
True , Chile could have a problem .
Spain losing to Switzerland was a bad result for La Furia , but it was even worse for the Chileans , who now may end up needing a draw against the Spaniards to survive .
Paraguay and Uruguay are not there yet , but they are close .
And only a spectacular collapse will prevent Argentina from reaching the last 16 .
Argentina players celebrate after beating South Korea 4 - 1 in their first round match
Of course , they all might get knocked out before the quarter - finals .
It is nothing more than a promising start .
But a pattern has emerged .
Without suffering a single defeat , the South Americans have seen off three African sides , two from Asia and one each from Europe and Central America .
And more than the results , what has caught the eye is the conviction of the performances and the ambition of the players .
It is true that every World Cup outside Europe has always been won by a South American side .
But this time the continent appears to have more strength in depth - certainly when compared with 2002 in Japan and South Korea , when Argentina , Uruguay and Ecuador fell in the group stages and Paraguay just sneaked into the second round .
So what has changed ?
Part of the credit can be apportioned to the marathon format of World Cup qualifiers in South America , where all the countries play each other home and away .
This started in 1996 and has clearly had an effect .
Before , there could be huge gaps - sometimes of years - between competitive matches .
But since 1996 , the South Americans have enjoyed the kind of structure that the European national teams take for granted , with regular qualifying matches .
Remember that there are no qualifiers for the Copa America .
That means South American countries can invest in a project , employ a coach for the long term and build a team .
This only brings parity with Europe , of course .
What is tipping the balance ?
In a tournament of cautious , compact teams , there is nothing that destabilises a defence like a dribbler , an individual who in the blink of an eye can take two or three opponents out of the game .
This is a South American speciality .
Players like Argentina 's Lionel Messi , Alexis Sanchez of Chile or Uruguay 's Luis Suarez are part of the continent 's footballing essence , with a low centre of gravity and full of tricks they can pull off at pace .
Chile 's Alexis Sanchez practices his skills in training
Many in the European game lament the decline of informal street , park and wasteland football , which they blame for the absence of this type of player .
Indeed , the European national teams seem full of stale academy products , technically competent but without the spark that cannot be taught , the spontaneous generation of ideas that comes from imagination .
Messi , Sanchez , Suarez - they all have this .
They grew up with informal football .
Their time with European clubs has given them the rest .
Argentina 's 1986 centre forward Jorge Valdano once described Messi as a synthesis of street football in his homeland and the Barcelona academy - an excellent observation .
All five South American sides at the World Cup can also count on considerable firepower .
All five want to bring their front players into the game .
Uruguay did little against France , likewise Paraguay against Italy .
But on neither occasion was there an intention to be negative .
They found the rhythm , pressing and athleticism of their opponents hard to combat and were unable to retain enough possession to be dangerous .
In general , though , the South Americans have gone out to impose themselves on a game .
Some of the European teams seem obsessed with waiting in their own half and only springing out in numbers when their opponent makes a mistake .
Paraguay manager Gerardo Martino marshalls his side in their Group F victory over Slovakia
I especially enjoyed the words of Gerardo Martino , Paraguay 's impressive coach , after his side had beaten Slovakia .
Many would have basked in the glory of the moment .
Martino , though , took the opportunity to criticize his team 's second - half performance .
" We forgot our good moment in the first half and resorted to pumping long balls forward , " he said .
" That 's not what we want to do , unless the strength of our opponent obliges us to . "
If a country such as Paraguay - poor and with a population little greater than six million - can set such a standard for itself , then why cannot more of the European teams do the same ?
Comments on the piece in the space provided .
Questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com , and I 'll pick out a couple for next week .
From last week 's postbag ;
You got it right .
Truly you were spot on .
The Germans could n't deal with the euphoria , the expectation was high .
The Argentine team is looking better .
Angel di Maria was OK against the Koreans after Nigeria 's Sani Kaita ( now vilified at home ) kept him quiet .
Over here in Nigeria , it 's blame game and calculations .
People are turning to mathematicians to see how we can qualify .
Tell Diego to help us .
We are praying .
Azubike Finecountry
You give me too much credit !
I honestly cannot say that I predicted Germany would lose to Serbia , only that making a great start to the World Cup can cause problems and it would be interesting to see how the Germans , as a young side , would deal with them .
Klose , Podolski and Kaita , who you mentioned , are good examples of how the World Cup can quickly turn heroes into villains .
Argentina will make plenty of changes for the match against Greece , but it is likely that Messi will play and the reserves will want to show something .
But Argentina cannot take their foot completely off the peddle because a place in the last 16 is not 100 % guaranteed .
If Nigeria do not beat South Korea , then from a Nigerian point of view it hardly matters what Argentina do .
By an odd coincidence , a number of famous war - related quotations were uttered on the date June 18 .
On June 18 , 1757 , at the Battle of Kolin , Prussian King Frederick the Great urged his hesitant troops to attack the larger Austrian army by shouting :
“ Rascals , would you live forever ? ”
Thousands of those rascals did n’t live much longer .
The Prussians were defeated and nearly 14,000 were killed or wounded .
On June 18 , 1798 , at a dinner in Philadelphia honoring future Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall , a group of U.S. Congressmen were discussing a recent demand made by the government of France .
French vessels had been plundering American ships in a piratical manner .
French foreign minister Talleyrand informed American officials that the attacks would be stopped if the United States paid him $ 250,000 and gave France 50,000 pounds sterling and a $ 100 million loan .
As toasts were made at the Congressional dinner , South Carolina Congressman Robert Goodloe Harper sent his own defiant reply to the French with this toast :
“ Millions for defense but not one cent for tribute . ”
Harper ’s famous quote is sometimes attributed to South Carolina politician Charles C. Pinckney , who denied saying it .
Seventeen years later , it was a French leader ’s turn to utter famous words of defiance .
On June 18 , 1815 , French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte ’s Imperial Guard , led by General Pierre Cambronne , was surrounded by combined British and German forces at the
Battle of Waterloo
.
When asked to surrender , Cambronne reportedly replied :
“ The Guard dies but never surrenders . ”
The French lost at Waterloo , ending Napoleon ’s reign as Emperor .
And , historians have questioned whether Cambronne actually uttered those famous fighting words .
Some reports claimed he simply said “ Merde ! ” ( “ Shit ! ” )
On June 18 , 1901 , German Emperor and King of Prussia Wilhelm II ( dubbed “ Kaiser Bill ” by British and Americans ) , gave a rousing speech to the North German Regatta Association .
In that speech , he famously used the phrase “ a place in the sun , ” a German nationalistic phrase first given notoriety by German Chancellor Bernhard von Bulow .
In 1897 , von Bulow had defended Germany ’s right to a colonial empire by saying that Germans “ demand our own place in the sun . ”
“ Kaiser Bill ” consciously echoed those words in his speech on June 18 , 1901 , saying :
“ We have conquered for ourselves a place in the sun .
It will now be my task to see to it that this place in the sun shall remain our undisputed possession . ”
Flash forward to World War II , when some other famous fighting words were uttered on June 18th .
In the spring of 1940 , Adolph Hitler ’s Nazi troops invaded and conquered France , setting up a puppet government under Marshal Philippe Pétain .
French General Charles de Gaulle , and other “ Free French ” forces refused to recognize Pétain ’s “ Vichy ” government and vowed to fight on .
In exile in London , de Gaulle made a radio address on June 18 , 1940 , famously saying :
“ France has lost a battle .
But France has not lost the war ! ”
On that same day , British Prime Minister Winston Churchill gave one of his most memorable speeches in the House of Commons .
After discussing the fall of France and the recent evacuation of British and French troops from Dunkirk , Churchill noted that Hitler now had England in his sights .
“ I expect that the Battle of Britain is about to begin , ” Churchill said .
“ The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us .
Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war .
If we can stand up to him , all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad , sunlit uplands .
But if we fail , then the whole world , including the United States , including all that we have known and cared for , will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister , and perhaps more protracted , by the lights of perverted science .
Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties , and so bear ourselves that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years , men will still say , ‘ This was their finest hour . ’ ” * * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Questions ?
Email me or post them on my Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Related reading …
Celebrity " lesbian " kisses ( celebrities showing a " lesbian " public display of affection ) have been all over the news lately : Sandra Bullock kissing Scarlett Johansson , all the grief Miley Cyrus is getting for her on - stage " Lesbian " kiss ... so , in light of this , here 's a list of the sexiest , steamiest public ( non-movie ) celebrity lesbian kiss displays in recent memory all in one place .
You can use this list to discuss the perception of sexuality as represented by celebrities , or just enjoy the list ;-)
If you 're looking for other cute girls lists check out the Maxim hot 100 list , Grace Potter pics list , and Kate Upton sexy photo list .
...more
M83 June 25 , 2010 - M83 - Southern Pinwheel Galaxy
This image from the Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) is of the nearby galaxy Messier 83 , or M83 for short .
It is a spiral galaxy approximately 15 million light - years away in the constellation Hydra .
It is sometimes referred to as the southern Pinwheel galaxy .
M101 is called the Pinwheel galaxy and M83 has a similar appearance , but it is located in the southern sky .
At about 55,500 light - years across it is a bit more than half the size of the Milky Way Galaxy , but it has a similar overall structure .
Like the Milky Way , most of M83 ’s stars , dust , and gas lie in a thin disk decorated with grand spiral arms .
We see the disk of M83 nearly face - on ( whereas we see the disk of the Milky Way edge - on since we are inside it ) .
The spiral arms are places where the disk is a little denser with stars and gas , which leads to a higher rate of star formation in them .
Where there is star formation , we find more very bright , short - lived stars , and plenty of dust ( green and red in this infrared image ) .
M83 also has a central bulge of stars and dust that has a component that is roughly spherical and a component that is shaped like a bar .
So M83 is referred to as a barred spiral galaxy .
This image was made from observations by all four infrared detectors aboard WISE .
Blue and cyan represent infrared light at wavelengths of 3.4 and 4.6 microns , which is primarily light from stars .
Green and red represent light at 12 and 22 microns , which is primarily emission from warm dust .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / WISE
Team
Does anyone see the contradiction here ?
The oil we draw from underground is a result of millions of years of decay ... created by nature .
I wonder what would happen if we failed to suck it out and burn it ?
Would all of that crude eventually make it to the surface on its own ?
By burning , are we actually helping , not hurting the ecology ?
I do n't really believe it , but playing Devil 's advocate brings to light certain questions .
Serwer whacks Bush for cementing his approval of waterboarding .
Bernstein gulps :
Bush , at least , does n't seem to be headed in the " we do not torture " direction .
And I do think that without him , it would be very difficult to move the Republican Party on this issue .
The only other hope is that an explicitly pro-torture presidential candidate gets clobbered -- which certainly is a plausible scenario in 2012 -- but even then , it 's more likely that the Rush Limbaughs and Marc Thiessens of the world would interpret such an event as a sign that the candidate was n't sufficiently strident on the issue .
There are to be sure quite a few conservatives who oppose torture , but fewer and fewer of them are candidates for elective office .
Barring something new ( and Bush could still flip , after all ) , I think a pro-torture candidate and platform is virtually certain for the GOP in 2012 .
And we know how the nomination process works ( in both parties ) : candidates who are in reality basically similar in their positions on public policy are driven to differentiate themselves by taking high - profile extreme positions on symbolic , highly visible issues .
I 'm in the middle of porting David Blei 's original C implementation of Latent Dirichlet Allocation to Haskell , and I 'm trying to decide whether to leave some of the low - level stuff in C .
The following function is one example — it 's an approximation of the second derivative of lgamma :
double trigamma( double x ) { double p ; int i ; x=x+6 ; p=1/( x*x ) ; p=((((( 0.075757575757576*p-0.033333333333333 ) *p+0.0238095238095238 )
* p-0.033333333333333 ) *p+0.166666666666667 ) *p+1 ) /x+0.5*p ; for ( i=0 ; i < 6 ;i++ ) { x=x - 1 ; p=1 /( x*x ) +p ; } return ( p ) ; }
I 've translated this into more or less idiomatic Haskell as follows :
trigamma :: Double ->
Double trigamma x = snd $ last $ take 7 $ iterate next ( x ' - 1 , p ' ) where x ' = x + 6 p = 1 / x ' ^ 2 p ' = p / 2 + c / x ' c = foldr1 ( \a b -> ( a + b * p ) ) [ 1 , 1/6 , -1/30 , 1/42 , - 1/30 , 5/66 ] next ( x , p ) = ( x - 1 , 1 / x ^ 2 + p )
The problem is that when I run both through Criterion , my Haskell version is six or seven times slower ( I 'm compiling with - O2 on GHC 6.12.1 ) .
Some similar functions are even worse .
I know practically nothing about Haskell performance , and I 'm not terribly interested in digging through Core or anything like that , since I can always just call the handful of math - intensive C functions through FFI .
But I 'm curious about whether there 's low - hanging fruit that I 'm missing — some kind of extension or library or annotation that I could use to speed up this numeric stuff without making it too ugly .
UPDATE : Here are two better solutions , thanks to Don Stewart and Yitz .
I 've modified Yitz 's answer slightly to use Data .
Vector .
invSq x = 1 / ( x * x ) computeP x = ((((( 5/66*p-1/30 ) * p+1/42 ) * p-1/30 ) * p+1/6)*p+1)/x+0.5*p where p = invSq x trigamma_d :: Double ->
Double trigamma_d x = go 0 ( x + 5 ) $ computeP $ x + 6 where go :: Int -> Double -> Double ->
Double go !i !x !p | i >= 6 = p | otherwise = go ( i+1 ) ( x - 1 ) ( 1 / ( x * x ) + p ) trigamma_y :: Double -> Double trigamma_y x = V.foldl ' (+ ) ( computeP $ x + 6 ) $ V.map invSq $ V.enumFromN x 6
The performance of the two seems to be almost exactly the same , with one or the other winning by a percentage point or two depending on the compiler flags .
As camccann said over at Reddit , the moral of the story is " For best results , use Don Stewart as your GHC backend code generator . "
Barring that solution , the safest bet seems to be just to translate the C control structures directly into Haskell , although loop fusion can give similar performance in a more idiomatic style .
Libertarians speak often of private property , but to people not educated in libertarian philosophy , this notion can be confusing and seemingly subjective .
In fact , the opposite is true : the concept of private property is objective and quite simple to understand .
Self Ownership
Before understanding man ’s ability to own other objects , one must understand man ’s ownership of himself ( or herself ) .
Each human being is the sovereign owner of him or herself .
While this conclusion seems fairly obvious , we can arrive at it several ways .
I will focus on the method used by Murray Rothbard and others below because I think that it is the easiest method for the common person to understand .
For a more detailed and completely different approach , take a look at Ludwig von Mises ’ “ action axiom , ” and Hans - Hermann - Hoppe ’s “ theory of argumentation . ”
This piece by Gennady Stolyarov II also summarizes the point as well .
One way to prove self - ownership is by assessing three possibilities of who owns a person : that everyone in the world owns fractions of everyone else in the world , that some group of elites own everyone else , or that every person owns him or herself .
The first such possibility is that everybody has an equal claim to ownership over everyone else .
Murray Rothbard ( page 36 ) explained that this scenario
“ holds that every man should have the right to own his equal quotal share of everyone else .
If there are two billion people in the world , then everyone has the right to own one two - billionth of every other person .
In the first place , we can state that this ideal rests on an absurdity : proclaiming that every man is entitled to own a part of everyone
else , yet is not entitled to own himself .
Secondly , we can picture the viability of such a world : a world in which no man is free to take any action whatever without prior approval or indeed command by everyone else in society .
It should be clear that in that sort of .
. . world , no one would be able to do anything , and the human race would quickly perish . ”
Thus , we are able to reject any notion that people can be co-owners of each other .
Seeing that it is impossible for humans to all own equal shares in each other , we must now examine the notion that one group of people owns all of the rest of the people ( page 28 ) .
“ a certain class of people , A , have the right to own another class , B …. Th[is ] alternative implies that while Class A deserves the rights of being human , Class B is in reality subhuman and therefore deserves no such rights .
But since they are indeed human beings , th[is ] alternative contradicts itself in denying natural human rights to one set of humans .
Moreover , as we shall see , allowing Class A to own Class B means that the former is allowed to exploit , and therefore to live parasitically , at the expense of the latter .
But this parasitism itself violates the basic economic requirement for life : production and exchange . ”
Thus , we are left with our third option , that every human is the sovereign owner of him or herself .
Acquiring Property
Property can be acquired in three different ways –two of the methods are just , while the third is unjust .
Homesteading
The concept of acquiring property through homesteading has a long philosophical tradition .
In 1690 , John Locke famously wrote ( page 71 ) :
“ Though the earth and all inferior creatures be common to all men , yet every man has a “ property ” in his own “ person . ”
This nobody has any right to but himself .
The “ labour ” of his body and the “ work ” of his hands , we may say , are properly his .
Whatsoever , then , he removes out of the state that Nature hath provided and left it in , he hath mixed his labour with it , and joined to it something that is his own , and thereby makes it his property .
It being by him removed from the common state nature has placed it in , it has by his labor something added to it that excludes the common right of other men .
For this labor being the unquestionable property of the laborer , no man but he can have a right to what that is once joined to … ”
Under homesteading , a person who improves or makes use of a natural resource becomes the owner of that resource .
For example , if a person landed on an uninhabited island , and picked an apple off of a tree would become the obvious owner of that apple .
No one else could rightfully claim ownership to the apple .
Similarly , if this man were to cut down several trees on the island and use the lumber to build a home , this home and the land surrounding it would become his property .
Homesteading has its limits–one must improve or change the resource to be considered a just owner of that property .
For example , if a man were to simple build a large fence around an area the size of Texas , he could not seriously claim to be the owner of all land inside of the fence .
Similarly , if I were to claim ownership of the planet Saturn , I would be ridiculed , and when the time came that humans visited Saturn , my descendants could not expect to collect rent from these astronauts .
Murray Rothbard explains this concept ( page 170 ) :
“ If Columbus lands on a new continent , is it legitimate for him to proclaim all the new continent his own , or even that sector ‘ as far as his eye can see ’ ?
Clearly , this would not be the case in the free society that we are postulating .
Columbus or Crusoe would have to use the land , to ‘ cultivate ’ it in some way , before he could be asserted to own it ….
If there is more land than can be used by a limited labor supply , then the unused land must simply remain unowned until a first user arrives on the scene .
Any attempt to claim a new resource that someone does not use would have to be considered invasive of the property right of whoever the first user will turn out to be . ”
Voluntary Exchange
Under voluntary exchange , a person can trade any of their justly acquired resources with another person in exchange for some of that person ’s justly acquired resources .
For example , the man above who took an apple off of an unowned apple tree could trade his apple with another person for a product of that person ’s , as long as the trade was voluntary .
This right also derives from the right of self - ownership .
I own myself and I may sell my labor to another person for a wage or a product ( I could sell 8 hours per day of my time to an employer for a fixed rate of $ 10 per hour ) .
At the end of the day , I now own the $ 80 ( meaning that the employer no longer has any claim to this money ) , which I am able to trade with a different merchant for some of his products .
Thus , any resources which are acquired justly can be traded for any other resources that are acquired justly .
In completing such a transaction , original owners must completely give up their right to the property that they have sold .
Theft
Theft is taking things by force ( including fraud or threat of violence ) .
Theft is immoral and unjust , and one who acquires resources by theft should not be considered to be the legitimate owner of that resource .
If I were to take $ 10 from a person without their permission , it is obvious that I have stolen from them .
If this person is paid $ 10 per hour by their employer for their labor , I have effectively stolen an hour of this person ’s life .
Similarly , if a food merchant were to market a meal as “ non fat , ” knowing that the meal contained 10 grams of fat , he would have acquired the money from that trade through fraud .
Thus , the person who purchased the meal would have a strong claim against the merchant and should be entitled to receive a refund or some form of compensation .
Additionally , if a man with a gun were to demand that unless you pay him 1/3 of your income he would lock you in a cage , he would be guilty of initiating the use of force with the intent of committing theft .
It would not matter if the man promised to use this money to pay for a school for your children , for a new highway , or for a missile defense program .
Taking things from a person without their permission is , by definition , theft .
Silver - tongued rhetoric may be employed to obscure this fact , but it can not change it .
Taking something from another person without their permission is always theft and should be condemned as theft .
It does not matter what the “ reason ” or “ justification ” for this action is .
It does not matter who committed this theft , what was stolen , or how many people told the aggressor to act .
People often use majority support as a justification for increases in taxes , large new social programs , war , and government debt because “ the people overwhelmingly support them . ”
Rothbard ( Pages 57 - 58 ) shoots this idea down as well .
“ even if 90 % of the people decided to murder or enslave the , other 10 % , this would still be murder and slavery , and would not be voluntary suicide or enslavement on the part of the oppressed minority .
Crime is crime , aggression against rights is aggression , no matter how many citizens agree to the oppression .
There is nothing sacrosanct about the majority ; the lynch mob , too , is the majority in its own domain . ”
Unfortunately , our current system does not always respect private property rights .
Remember , that property rights are inviolable , and that action taken against a person ’s property without their permission is aggression .
It is a sad fact that property rights ( often including the right to self ownership ) are regularly discarded by the very government which was instituted to protect our liberties .
Also , check out this video for a great explanation of private property .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
In real life , Robert Oppenheimer was the scientific head of the Manhattan Project , the secret wartime project in New Mexico where the first atomic bombs were designed and built .
General Leslie Groves was in overall command of it .
This film reenacts the project with an emphasis on their relationship .
Written by Anonymous
Image caption Drought - resistant trees would be needed to survive in some parts
African leaders are meeting in Chad to push the idea of planting a tree belt across Africa from Senegal in the west to Djibouti in the east .
The Great Green Wall project is backed by the African Union and is aimed at halting the advancing Sahara Desert .
The belt would be 15 km ( nine miles ) wide and 7,775 km ( 4,831 miles ) long .
The initiative , conceived five years ago , has not started because of a lack of funding and some experts worry it would not be maintained properly .
The BBC's Tidiane Sy in Senegal says the initiative has the full backing of Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade , who is in Chad with 10 other heads of state to discuss desertification .
His government has created the website dedicated to the Great Green Wall .
But our reporter says many other leaders seem ready to forget the project .
At the Copenhagen Climate Change summit last year , for instance , the Senegalese delegation made a presentation on the project .
It is envisaged that the belt would go through 11 countries from east to west .
The trees should be " drought - adapted species " , preferably native to the areas planted , the Great Green Wall website says , listing 37 suitable species .
The initiative says it hopes the trees will slow soil erosion ; slow wind speeds and help rain water filter into the ground , to stop the desert from growing .
It also says a richer soil content will help communities across the Sahel who depend on land for grazing and agriculture .
Senegal says it has spent about $ 2 m ( £ 1.35 m ) on it and communities are being encouraged to plant trees .
The BBC 's former Chad correspondent Celeste Hicks says older people in N'Djamena - where the conference is being held - talk anecdotally about how the capital city has become a dustbowl over the last 20 years as the Sahara Desert has encroached southwards .
The country has made efforts to plant a green belt of trees around the capital , and tens of thousands of young trees are being grown in nurseries on the outskirts of the city , she says .
But so far little has been done to transplant these trees to the northern desert areas to become part of the Great Green Wall .
Pronunciation of the Name " Van Gogh "
By Paul Veltkamp
When President John F. Kennedy visited Berlin , in the days that the Berlin Wall was still in existence , he made himself extremely popular by crying out loud :
" Ich bin ein Berliner ! "
In Germany the word " Ich " , meaning " I " , is also used to identify a sound :
the " ICH " - laut or " ICH " - sound .
In phonetic script it is written : Ç .
The same sound is used in Belgium and in the Southern Provinces of the Netherlands , including the Province of Brabant , where Vincent was born and where he lived about half his life .
The " ICH " - laut is the softer variety of the similar , but harder " ACH " - laut or " ACH " - sound .
Both " ICH - laut " and " ACH - laut " are rasping or scraping sounds .
The " ACH " - sound is used in Germany and in the Northern Provinces of the Netherlands .
( Including the two Holland Provinces )
In phonetic script it is written : X .
Both the " ICH - laut " and the " ACH - laut " are produced by narrowing the space between the tongue and the roof of the mouth .
Narrow enough to allow the airflow to go through , and narrow enough to produce a harsh scraping sound , but not narrow enough to block the airflow .
The difference between the " ICH " - laut and the " ACH " - laut is that the narrowing takes place either against the front part of the roof of the mouth ( ICH - laut ) or against the back part of the roof of the mouth ( ACH - laut ) .
The front part of the roof of the mouth is the hard part and is called the Palate .
Here the narrowing produces the " ICH " - laut .
In phonetic language : the Palatal Fricative .
( See cross section ' Palatal Fricative ' )
The back part of the roof of the mouth is the soft part and is called the Velum .
Here the narrowing produces the " ACH " - laut .
In phonetic language : the Velar Fricative .
( See cross section ' Velar Fricative ' )
Since Vincent van Gogh was born and raised in Brabant , it is quite likely that he used the " ICH " - laut pronouncing his own name .
" Quite likely - in the sense of ' maybe not ' " - because his parents had an " ACH " - laut origin .
" Quite likely - in the sense of ' maybe yes ' " - because he used in his letters " ge " and " gij " for
" je " and " u " as Second Person Personal Pronouns .
" Ge " and " gij " are typical for the Brabant dialect .
" Je " and " u " are typical for the Holland dialect .
So , it is quite likely that most Dutchmen pronounce his name incorrectly if we take his own pronunciation as a benchmark .
Three years ago , three - time Tour de France champion Greg LeMond blasted disgraced cyclist Floyd Landis , saying he could clean up the sport if he ever admitted to the doping charge that stripped him of the 2006 Tour title .
Today , LeMond could n’t be happier with Landis , who has since come clean and whose allegations in May that seven - time champion Lance Armstrong doped are under federal investigation .
“ I think he ’s telling the truth , ” Le- Mond said Monday .
“ I think the level of detail , the descriptions , I think it rings true . ”
LeMond , a longtime critic of Armstrong , will get his chance to talk July 30 in federal court in Los Angeles .
Sitting at the Colorado Athletic Club - Tabor Center to promote the Tour de Cure on Aug. 21 at Boulder County Fairgrounds , LeMond could n’t comment on what he knows or will tell .
However , he indicated few people could be happier with being subpoenaed .
“ I ’m hoping it gets as far as it can , ” LeMond said .
Armstrong has never tested positive for performance - enhancing drugs and has denied doping .
He said he will cooperate with any investigation , “ as long as it ’s not a witch hunt . ”
Currently 31st in this year ’s Tour , Armstrong has continually attacked Landis ’ credibility .
“ The fact is , credibility or not , it ’s irrelevant because the feds are investigating it , ” LeMond said .
“ And either he is leading them down the right path or he is n’t . ”
Landis said Armstrong was in the middle of a doping culture when they were teammates on U.S. Postal Service in 2001 .
He also cited numerous other Postal cyclists , including David Zabriskie , now a cyclist on Boulder - based Garmin - Transitions , and Garmin - Transitions director Matt White .
Neither is under investigation , but critics accused Landis of dragging others with him .
“ I ’m just wondering why ( Landis ) would want to throw people under the bus , ” said LeMond , who owns a fitness company in Minnesota .
“ In his e-mails , he was very articulate .
Floyd was just trying to race again . ”
The court case could be an escalation of a LeMond - Armstrong feud that began in 2001 when LeMond questioned Armstrong ’s relationship with altitude specialist Dr. Michele Ferrari , who has advocated EPO for cyclists .
LeMond told the German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung last week that Armstrong tried to pay someone $ 300,000 to say LeMond used a banned drug .
On Sunday , Armstrong responded by saying , “ That ’s absolutely nonsense — $ 300,000 ? ”
LeMond , who became the first American to win three Tours when he won in 1986 , 1989 and 1990 , does think doping is down .
He points to Garmin - Transitions CEO Jonathan Vaughters ’ weekly testing and this year ’s Tour , where defending champion Alberto Contador leads Andy Schleck by only eight seconds .
“ The RPMs are lower , ” LeMond said .
“ There ’s more suffering .
The racing is more tactical . ”
Leading the investigation is Jeff Novitzky , a Food and Drug Administration criminal investigator who broke open the BALCO doping case in 2003 .
He reportedly has the cooperation of several cyclists who will help probe whether Armstrong committed sports fraud .
“ The evidence will come from the investigation , ” LeMond said , “ and I believe it will be overwhelming . ”
John Henderson : 303-954-1299 or jhenderson@denverpost.com
Image caption
The cost of living for families is growing , the report says
A single person in the UK needs a gross income of at least £ 14,400 in 2010 to live to an acceptable standard , a charity says .
And a couple with two children need £ 29,200 for a minimum acceptable standard of living , the Joseph Rowntree Foundation ( JRF ) said .
The figure indicates a growing gap between the national minimum wage and the minimum income standard .
The charity claimed this was due to rising inflation for necessities .
" This research shows what ordinary members of the public think is needed - not just to survive but to take part in society , " said Julia Unwin , chief executive of the JRF .
" It provides powerful evidence for the new government to use as it develops policies to deal with poverty . "
Typical basket
The JRF report is an attempt to raise the debate about the level of relative poverty in the UK beyond the official poverty line of 60 % of average earnings .
Minimum weekly budget Single working age : £ 175.34
Pensioner couple : £ 222.22
Couple with two children : £ 402.83
Lone parent with one child : £ 233.73 Source : Joseph Rowntree Foundation .
Weekly budget excluding rent and childcare
Inflation is calculated using a typical basket of goods .
Similarly , since 2008 , the JRF has gathered information from focus groups to set a benchmark for an " acceptable standard of living " .
For example , it now considers a computer and home internet connection as essential for all working age households .
In previous years this has only been necessary for people with school - age children , it concluded .
Pensioners , however , thought the internet was growing in relevance - but not yet a necessity .
Key findings from the report included :
The minimum household budget needed to rise by 3 % to 4 % in the year to April - broadly in line with inflation .
In the last 10 years , inflation had risen by 23 % , but key essentials cost 38 % more .
This included food prices ( up 37 % ) , bus fares ( up 59 % ) , and council tax ( up 67 % ) .
The essentials required for a minimum standard of living have not been reduced in people 's thinking , despite the level of economic uncertainty , the Foundation said .
For example , a week 's holiday a year in the UK was still considered necessary to participate at an acceptable level in society .
Trends
The JRF , which has produced a minimum income calculator , said that the Budget 's announcement of a £ 1,000 hike in tax allowances from next year would make a family £ 320 a year better off , after inflation , if both partners were working .
Minimum income standards
Read the full report [ 0.35 mb ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
But all of these gains could be lost by other Budget changes , such as cuts in tax credits , the freezing of child benefit , the rise in VAT , and the cap on housing benefit .
" This new research underlines how people living close to the minimum income standard can end up not having enough , if economic trends start going against them , " said one of the report 's authors , Donald Hirsch , of Loughborough University .
" For example , a single person who a decade ago had just enough to get by , and whose income has risen in line with official inflation , cannot afford a minimum budget today .
" Big rises in the prices of things like food and council tax means that they are nearly £ 20 a week short of what they need , and must think of what essentials they will go without . "
A spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said : " Work is the best route out of poverty and we are determined through our programme of welfare reform to make work pay in order to encourage people off benefits and into jobs .
The current system is broken .
" We are firmly committed to tackling poverty and improving the lives of low - income families .
We remain focused on our goal of ending child poverty by 2020 and are conducting a review into poverty and life chances . "
The Fair Work Ombudsman is investigating the Church of Scientology over allegations it has grossly underpaid staff members .
A number of former employees of the church have told ABC's Lateline they were only paid a few thousand dollars per year for full - time work and had to resort to welfare payments to survive .
Janette Lang , who worked for the church for seven years , says the most she was paid in a year was $ 3,114 in 2001 .
She was second in charge of the Church of Scientology in Canberra at the time .
Ms Lang told Lateline it was " awful " .
" Trying to survive as a staff member was a constant battle , " she said .
Ms Lang says she had to go on welfare to get by .
She says this practice was widespread in the church .
The Church of Scientology declined Lateline 's request for an interview , but in a written statement said : " the Church denies any widespread use of welfare by its staff members .
Her allegations are unfounded and false . "
Lateline has spoken to seven ex-scientologists who say they were on welfare while working full - time for the church .
One former member says she and six other staff members were on the dole while working for Scientology in Melbourne in the 1990s .
Paul Schofield worked for various Scientology organisations in Australia for over 20 years .
He says he had to rely on part - time work and welfare to support his family .
" I did n't even have enough money for petrol to get to work .
I had no money for nappies for my daughter , " he said .
" I had no money for dog food , yet I was being harassed to come to work and work for nothing . "
Tommy Davis , a spokesman for the Church of Scientology in the United States , told ABC's Four Corners in February that staff across the world are paid a living wage .
" General church staff who may work in a church or temple in Sydney or Melbourne or Los Angeles or Cincinnati , wherever it may be in Europe or Asia , they would then have a living wage , " he said .
But Dean Detheridge , a former staff member of 17 years standing , denies Mr Davis ' claims .
He says he never earned more than $ 5,000 dollars per year and rarely got holidays .
" In the first 11 years when I was on a full - time schedule I took four days off - they were two weekends and that was difficult to get approval for , " he said .
Allegations like these - that are now being investigated by the Fair Work Ombudsman - were prompted by the Four Corners program earlier this year .
' Volunteer ' work
Former Scientologists believe the investigation could lead to massive claims for back - pay .
" I personally believe it could bankrupt them , " Ms Lang told Lateline .
Ms Lang estimates she could be owed $ 250,000 in wages .
Mr Schofield says his back - pay could be worth $ 750,000 .
Dean Detheridge , who was an executive in the church , says he would have forgone over $ 1 million in wages .
But the Church of Scientology claims people who sign up to work do so as volunteers .
" Our Church staff are volunteers and understand this and are not helping for the purpose of financial gain , " the church said in a written statement .
But the former Scientologists Lateline spoke to deny that all staff are volunteers .
" When I wanted to leave at 2:00 am with my two little girls I was not given the choice to leave , " Ms Lang said .
" I would beg to leave and still be told no .
There were consequences if you chose to go against what you were being told to do .
These people are not volunteers . "
Ms Lang and Mr Schofield have given evidence to the Office of the Fair Work Ombudsman .
Their investigation continues .
Read the statement and a revised statement from the Church of Scientology .
Marvel At Futurama ’s New New York In Lego
While he was waiting for Futurama to get back , the great Pepa Quin spent more than two years building New New York in Lego , complete with Planet Express , Robot Arms Apts .
Applied Cryogenics , Madison Cube Garden and even the sewers !
Pepa has been working on New New York for over two years , starting with the Planet Express building in February 2008 , finishing the 80 - inch x 60 - inch layout in June 2010 .
You can admire Pepa ’s stunningly detailed work – complete with all the custom character minifigs from the series – at Flickr , and write to Lego demanding official Futurama sets .
[ Flickr ]
Britain will struggle to handle ' catastrophic ' population growth unless changes are made
Britain will struggle to handle ' catastrophic ' population growth in future unless urgent action is taken , a report has warned .
The predicted increase to 70 million by 2029 will put unsustainable pressure on housing , schools and hospitals as well as natural resources such as food and water , experts said .
Current trends will see a city the size of Bristol added to the population of the UK every year for the next two decades .
The population is predicted to increase to 70 million by 2029 , experts have warned
But sustainable development group Forum for the Future said vast growth would cause huge rises in pollution and waste .
Its report called for urgent action to stop numbers reaching the expected highs and causing a fall in quality of life levels .
And it urged a ' rethink ' of the policy of importing labour to take skilled jobs .
Director Sara Parkin warned the debate about population had been hijacked by ' extremist ' groups but was a key environmental issue .
' Britons deserve a serious debate about population and politicians need to start planning now to achieve a sustainable future , ' she said .
' By recognising population as a vital element in strategies to achieve low - carbon and satisfying lifestyles , politicians can reclaim the issue from the extremists . '
' Only through good leadership and sensitive long - term planning can we make sure that UK population growth falls short of today 's high projections and that we are prepared to cope effectively with any growth that does happen .
' We 'll need to have more attractive and effective family planning services , and we 'll also have to get the right infrastructure into the right places .
' A step change in investment , innovation - and imagination - is essential too so any rise in numbers of people does not mean a rise in CO2 emissions or a fall in quality of life . '
The report , entitled Growing Pains , called for more zero - carbon homes , better water efficiency , more renewable energy and better public transport .
It also called for an ' objective discussion ' on immigration to understand its value to UK society and the economy .
Policy - makers should reclaim immigration from ' extremist ' groups and not ignore it because it is controversial , it said .
The number of people in Britain shot up by more than three million under 13 years of Labour government .
Around 70 per cent of the increase was due to immigration - either directly through new arrivals or their children .
The count is now 61,398,000 - up by 3,084,200 since 1997 .
For more information please visit http://www.forumforthefuture.org/projects/growing-pains
Seven senior Italian officials and scientists were today told they risked being tried for manslaughter for failing to evacuate the city of L'Aquila before it was hit by an earthquake last year .
According to the website of the newspaper La Repubblica , the heads of Italy 's geophysical institute and the national earthquake centre were among those formally notified that they were suspects in an inquiry conducted by prosecutors in L'Aquila .
Were they to be indicted , it would doubtless spark furious controversy in the scientific community over the degree to which scientists can be held responsible for predicting natural events .
All seven attended a meeting six days before the disaster at which it was decided that a series of tremors in the area did not necessarily signal a major event was imminent .
But L'Aquila 's chief prosecutor , Alfredo Rossi , said : " Those in charge were highly qualified people who ought to have given different responses to the members of the public . "
More than 300 people died in the 6.3 magnitude earthquake .
Giampaolo Giuliani , a scientific technician working near L'Aquila , had warned of ominously high radon emissions , but was put under an injunction not to spread alarm .
A federal appeals court struck down a Federal Communications Commission policy on indecency Tuesday , saying that regulations barring the use of “ fleeting expletives ” on radio and television violated the First Amendment because they were vague and could inhibit free speech .
The decision , which many constitutional scholars expect to be appealed to the Supreme Court , stems from a challenge by Fox , CBS and other broadcasters to the F.C.C. ’s decision in 2004 to begin enforcing a stricter standard of what kind of language is allowed on free , over - the - air television .
The stricter policy followed several incidents that drew widespread public complaint , including Janet Jackson ’s breast - baring episode at the 2004 Super Bowl and repeated instances of profanity by celebrities , including Cher , Paris Hilton and Bono , during the live broadcasts of awards programs .
The Janet Jackson incident did not involve speech but it drew wide public outrage that spurred a crackdown by the F.C.C .
In a unanimous three - judge decision , the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York said that the F.C.C. ’s current policy created “ a chilling effect that goes far beyond the fleeting expletives at issue here ” because it left broadcasters without a reliable guide to what the commission would find offensive .
The NIVA XM1970 is a prototype Swedish bullpup weapons platform .
Contents show ]
History Edit
The standard weapon of the infantryman during the 20th century was usually an assault rifle , however , at certain times , these infantrymen may need additional weapons such as grenades or compact grenade launchers which can prove to be inconvenient when carried along with various other weapons .
Around the 1960s , many companies around the world were designing new weapon systems for infantrymen mainly to increase firepower by improving weapon actions and the like .
One of those companies , Carl Gustaf Stads Gevärsfaktori , had experience designing both assault rifles and recoilless rifles , with the company ultimately deciding to combine both weapon platforms into a single combination weapon .
The resulting design was the NIVA XM1970 , part of the Nytt Infanteri Vapen ( " New infantry weapon " ) program , also known as NIVA .
Weapons in this program had a designation denoting their stage in design ( i.e. XM for prototypes ) and the year when the weapon was designed .
The first version of the weapon produced was known to be rather simple .
Designing the weapon was completed in 1970 , where it was intended to be tested with data collected from these tests used to continue development of the weapon and then possibly go into production .
The weapon did end up being tested , where it apparently functioned like how it was designed to , along with demonstrating the ability of its user being able to attack multiple targets using multiple means .
Despite it working as intended , the weapon did receive some criticism .
Flaws were found with the weapon system that were regarded as so great that there was nobody who would want to buy the weapon system ( even the military was uninterested in such a system ) ; as such , development of the XM1970 ground to a halt due to a lack of prospects and exploitation issues , with Carl Gustaf engineers not attempting similar ideas again . [ 1 ]
The second prototype resides in the Bofors Carl Gustaf factory , [ 2 ] while the fate of the first prototype remains unknown . [ 1 ]
Design Details Edit
Essentially a combination of a recoilless rifle and an assault rifle into a single weapons platform , the weapon is of the bullpup platform .
The assault rifle used gas operation while the recoilless rifle was breech - loaded .
The charging handle of the assault rifle is located on the right hand side of the weapon .
Due to the complex ballistics of the XM1970 , a special sight for the weapon had to be developed ; this sight is located on the left side of the weapon .
The sight combined both normal assault rifle sights and a recoilless rifle sight and could be folded up when not in use .
Switching from assault rifle to recoilless rifle modes took little time .
The concept was very ingenious , but there were some glaring issues ; one of the biggest issues with the system was with regards to weight .
Most of the time , infantrymen would be using the assault rifle system and very rarely using weapons with more destructive power like grenades , so a loaded shell would add to the weight of the weapon .
In addition , carrying both magazines and multiple additional shells will weigh down the infantryman even more , and not many magazines and additional shells can be carried at once . [ 1 ]
Ammunition Edit
The assault rifle was a normal 5.56 mm assault rifle , while the recoilless rifle used a 45 mm shell .
Trivia Edit
Some Swedish gunsmiths rejected the idea of this sort of combined weapons platform . [ 1 ]
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 fans are keen to see the sport broadcast in high definition as soon as possible , as well as see grand prix racing expand its presence on the Internet .
They are two of the key messages that have come out from the results of the recent fan survey conducted by the Formula One Teams ' Association ( FOTA ) in association with F1 Racing and LG Electronics .
With more than 85,000 fans having answered the survey that was conducted earlier this year , several elements have stood out as directions that they would like to see F1 head .
From the survey , more than 70 per cent of fans said they were very interested in see F1 broadcast in HD , with 44 per cent saying they would like to watch races streamed on the Internet .
Furthermore , 44 per cent of fans say they would like the ability to download races for watching after the event .
There is also a big interest in fans becoming part of online communities and using F1 Apps on mobile phones .
There was evidence of a strong loyalty to the sport from respondents , with 84 per cent stating that they watch more than 12 races per year , with 85 per cent claiming to watch the whole event from start to finish .
Television remains the most popular means of fans following the sport , with 90 per cent stating they frequently follow it through that medium .
The second most popular was of following it is the Internet with more than 73 % of fans following it frequently through that route .
This compares with 34 % through newspapers , 24 % through magazines and just 5 % through radio .
Fans also voiced strong opinions about the actual direction that the sport takes over the next year years , with them showing a strong desire for having technological innovations to look forward to , and that F1 should continue going to classic venues .
Click here for the full results of the survey ( PDF ) .
Cheese Glossary
Types Of Cheese , Terms & Definitions Every Cheese Lover Should Know
Page 1 : Overview & Terms Beginning With A
Types Of Cheese Overview
Demystify the terms tossed out by cheesemongers and master the language and types of cheese .
A read through our cheese terms and definitions , below , will give you new confidence the next time you approach a cheese counter .
And you ’ll discover new types of cheeses !
If you ’d like to suggest additional cheese definitions , click on the link .
When you ’re finished with cheese , you can look at our other food glossaries .
This is Page 1 of a 12 - page glossary .
You can go immediately to the glossary .
But before you start , we ’d like to point out why some cheeses are spelled with a capital letter and others are n’t .
It can appear to be capricious ( or an error ) , but it is n’t .
When a cheese is named after a geographical place that is capitalized , e.g. the valley of Aosta and the towns of Cabrales and Roquefort , we capitalize the cheese .
Parmigiano means “ of or from Parma , ” and Reggiano means “ of or from Reggio , ” two cities in north central Italy ; Parmigiano - Reggiano , a domaine - protected cheese that can only be made in these cities , is capitalized .
We also capitalize Parmesan , an Americanization of the word Parmigiano ( although “ Parmesan ” cheese does not indicate a D.O.C. - protected Parmigiano - Reggiano , and can be made anywhere in the world ) .
If the cheese name comprises nouns or adjectives that are normally not capitalized , e.g. fromage blanc ( white cheese ) , formaggio al tartufo ( truffle cheese ) , chèvre ( goat ) , ricotta ( “ recooked ” ) or cream cheese , we do n’t capitalize it .
We try to observe the accent marks appropriate to the language , but even here there are challenges .
For example , most American chevre producers do n’t observe the accent mark on the French word , chèvre .
When we are writing about chèvre in general , we will observe the accent ; when we are writing about Cypress Grove Chevre , we will spell the word as they spell it , without the accent .
And of course , proprietary - name cheeses like Cypress Grove ’s Humboldt Fog are capitalized .
Click on a letter to go to the appropriate glossary section :
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
This glossary is protected by copyright and cannot be reproduced in whole or part .
You are welcome to link to it .
ACID or ACIDIC
A term used to describe a cheese with a lightly sourish flavor .
AFFINAGE and AFFINEUR
The aging of cheese to its optimum maturity .
Affinage is an expertise separate from cheesemaking .
It is an analogous division of labor to the agriculturalist who grows the grapes and the winemaker who creates the wine .
The affineur manages the cave * in which the cheeses are aged .
Fine restaurants noted for their cheeses and which offer many different cheeses , like Picholine and Artisanal in New York City , have a full - time affineur to ensure the cheeses offered to diners are at peak development ( “ a point ” ) for their enjoyment .
The late Daphne Zepos , one of the pioneers in American affinage .
Photo courtesy Artisanal Cheese .
___________
* In the industry the French pronunciation , cahve , is used .
While some farmstead cheeses in Europe are aged in the same rock caves used 1,000 years ago to acquire the bacteria and other environmental elements that provide their distinctive qualities , today ’s aging caves are state - of - the - art units that allow for different temperature zones and other settings that accommodate the needs of different types of cheese .
AGED CHEESE
Except for the fresh cheese group , all cheeses are aged , or ripened .
The longer they are aged , the harder the paste becomes ( that ’s the main edible portion under the rind ) and the more pronounced ( sharp ) the flavor .
Some cheeses are made to age for two years or longer — Asiago , Cheddar , Gouda and Parmigiano - Reggiano , for example .
Others age for just a few weeks to several months before they are ready to enjoy .
See maturation .
ALPAGE
Refers to cheeses made from Alpine meadow milk .
Aged cheeses : Gruyère , Emmenthaler , Grana Padano and Cheddar .
Photo courtesy Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board .
ALPINE CHEESE
Alpine cheese refers to a range of cheese produced in the Swiss and French Alps .
These “ mountain cheeses ” are only produced in the summer months , using milk from cows that spend the summer on mountain pasture , enjoying the grass plus herbs that are unique to each region .
The milk creates strong , aromatic cheeses , often made in large wheels .
Cheeses include Appenzeller , Gruyère , Raclette and Vacherin Mont - d’ Or , among others .
See also mountain cheese and Swiss cheese .
Vacherin Mont d’Or : a real treat .
Photo courtesy Murray ’s Cheese .
AMMONIATED
Certain cheeses past their prime and overripe , particularly soft cheeses such as Brie and Camembert , can smell and often taste of ammonia .
They are still safe to eat .
ANNATTO or ACHIOTE
A natural food coloring derived from the ground seed pods of the achiote tree ( Bixa orellana , also known as the Lipstick Tree ) , native to Central and South America .
The seeds are lightly peppery with a hint of nutmeg .
Cheese is naturally the color of the milk from which it is made .
Some traditional cheeses once had a natural orange hue caused by the vitamin D that cows ingested from grazing on green plants .
But commercial cheeses are made from milk from cows that are n’t permitted to graze .
Even with fine cheese , winter milk comes from cows that are fed silage ( forage plants that are stored in a silo ) ; the cheeses that result from this milk are white .
This variation persuaded some cheesemakers to color their cheeses so they would look uniformly nutritious .
Annatto seeds , also called achiote for the achiote tree on which they grow .
Photo courtesy Wikimedia .
The earliest cheese colorings were carrot juice and marigold petals .
For the last century at least , cheesemakers who wish to use color have used annatto instead .
It is used in cheeses such as Brie and Cheddar , in butter and margarine and in custard powder ( and has numerous non-dairy applications , such as smoked fish ) .
While annatto adds a slightly sweet and peppery flavor to recipes , it does not impact the flavor of the cheese .
AOC ( APPELLATION d’ORIGINE CONTRÔLÉE )
Controlled designation of origin , the AOC mark guarantees , among other things , that the cheese originates from a specific region of France and has been produced in a traditional way .
There are 35 types of cheese carrying the AOC mark , which guarantees that : ( 1 ) The cheese was produced within a specific geographical area , from milk from specific herds of animals in the same area and partly matured there .
( 2 ) The cheese was made using strictly defined methods that have been handed - down over several centuries .
( 3 ) The characteristics of the cheese that have been precisely defined — its size , type of rind , texture and minimum fat content — are adhered to strictly .
( 4 ) The producers submit themselves to review by a public control commission , which guarantees the authenticity and quality of the products .
See also D.O. and D.O.P .
Selles - sur - Cher was the first chèvre to be designated AOC , in 1975 .
It is made of raw goat ’s milk .
Photo courtesy ArtisanalCheese.com .
À POINT Pronounced ah - PWAN in French , à point refers to a cheese which is at the peak ( the “ point ” ) of its development , at the perfect stage to be consumed .
The cheese is generally aged by an affineur , to bring out the finest characteristics in color and texture as well as the all - important taste .
In English , say “ at peak ” instead of “ at point . ”
AROMA
A cheese ’s scent , which can vary from faint and milky ( fresh cheeses ) , to lightly aromatic , to pungent and overpowering .
While most strong - smelling cheeses will also be strong - tasting , this is not a hard and fast rule : Limburger , Brick and Liederkranz have distinctive aromas , but are not overly strong - tasting cheeses unless well - aged .
AROMATIC
Another word for a washed rind cheese , such as Epoisses , Livarot and Munster .
See washed rind cheese .
Limberger may be the most famous “ stinky ” cheese because of the old TV series , Spanky And Our Gang , where the kids hated the aroma .
This washed rind cheese , or aromatic , was originally created by Belgian Trappist monks .
It originated in the historical Duchy of Limburg , which is now divided between modern - day Belgium , Germany and Netherlands .
In the 1880s , New Yorker Emil Frey copied the recipe for Limburger and created Liederkranz .
This pasteurized cow ’s milk cheese has a tangy , creamy , Brie - like flavor with an incredibly pungent aroma .
Photo courtesy iGourmet.com .
ARTISAN CHEESE
Artisan cheese refers to cheese that is produced in small batches , with particular attention paid to the traditional cheesemaker ’s art .
As little mechanization as possible is used in the production of the cheese .
Artisan cheeses may be made from any type of milk ; flavorings and inclusions ( nuts , fruits , herbs , flowers , etc. ) may be added .
See also farmstead cheese for the difference between artisan cheese and farmstead cheese .
ASH COVERED
After they are molded into shape , some goat cheeses are dusted with a fine powder of charcoal ash , traditionally from oak but today often vegetable ash .
These are known as ash - covered goat cheeses ( or chèvres ) .
Originally , the ash was used to protect the delicate cheeses during transport .
While some people think it is now decorative in these days of modern transportation and refrigeration , the ash actually makes the cheese ripen more quickly .
With the Valençay goat cheese at the right , the ash - covered variety is a bit creamier than the plain cheese of the exact same age ; in general , the cheese gets creamier with age .
Valençay , named after a town in France ’s Loire Valley where it is made , is shaped like a pyramid with the top cut off ( in fact , it is sometimes called Pyramide ) .
This classic French chèvre is available plain or coated with wood ash .
You can buy it from ArtisanalCheese.com .
ASIAGO
One of the most common Italian cheeses , Asiago is a grana - type cheese , made from cow ’s milk .
It is a sweet curd , semi-cooked cheese in the grana group , a group that also includes Grana Padano and Parmigiano Romano .
( Grana is the Italian word for grain ; it refers to a coarse - grained cheese . )
Typically pale yellow in color , Asiago has a mild , cheddary , nutty flavor ; it gets more flavorful and more crumbly as it ages .
See a comparison of Asiago , Grana Padano and Parmigiano - Romano .
Asiago cheese with figs .
Photo courtesy Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board .
Continue To Page 2 : Cheese Terms Beginning With B
Go To The Article Index Above
Thanks to Artisanal Cheese , iGourmet , Murray ’s Cheese Shop , Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board and other experts who contributed their expertise to this glossary .
Lifestyle Direct , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Some material copyright Murray ’s Cheese .
Images are the copyright of their respective owners .
Catholic writer Mary Eberstadt 's new novel , The Loser Letters : A Comic Tale of Life , Death , and Atheism ( Ignatius Press ) , begins by noting the laurels and attention heaped on authors such as Sam Harris , Richard Dawkins , and Christopher Hitchens .
With a couple decades off to forget Soviet Communism 's anti-religious oppression , the last few years have been awfully good for unbelief .
Everything is going great for the New Atheists , observes the book 's narrator — a witty , sharp - tongued 20 - something named A.F. Christian ( A Former Christian ) — except for one thing : " … where is the testimony of anyone Your writings have actually convinced ? "
Riffing on C.S. Lewis 's observation that people tend to drift into unbelief rather than convert to it , Christian fancies herself the only actual convert to atheism .
She proceeds to offer epistolary advice to the New Atheists on how to improve their message and gain more converts — another obvious Lewis homage .
Each of the book 's ten letters approaches a serious issue from a decidedly humorous bent .
Christian 's first letter takes on sexual mores .
After describing the typical U.S. college campus — " as pure as any Atheist 's dream , as deity - free as the Bravo channel on Sunday morn ( or any other time ! ) " — she points out that the guilt and consequences attached to promiscuity are still prevalent .
Christian also urges atheists to explain their contradictions ; for example , how " 99.99999999 percent of humanity " has been wrong about religion except themselves .
And she eviscerates some of the logical arguments in favor of abortion , while effectively mocking the media 's transparently transgressive lack of respect for human dignity .
Perhaps the book 's most important lesson is its much - needed ...
1
House Democrat leader Steny Hoyer will today announce that the US will not pass a budget in 2010 as “ It is n’t possible to debate and pass a realistic , long - term budget until we ’ve considered the bipartisan commission ’s deficit - reduction plan , which is expected in December . "
Yet " the House has never failed to pass an annual budget resolution since the current budget rules were put into place in 1974 . "
The real reason of course is that the budget would indicate new and unprecedented trillions in deficits , which would wreak havoc on Democrat chances to contain their upcoming mid-term election loss to just " landslide " status , instead of what is increasingly shaping up as being more in the " apocalyptic " category .
Those whose memory spans longer than 24 hours , will recall that Peter Orszag resigned yesterday .
Something tells us these two events may be correlated .
In the meantime , we are now convinced that realizing the hopelessness of its political situation , the administration and the Fed will now create the most ridiculous , unprecedented , destructive and historic market melt up in history to preserve any chances of demonstrating just how " effective " their market manipulation , pardon , economic resurgence efforts are .
If you are short , be ready to have all your shares forcibly called in over the next 4 months .
At least the humor of the situation is not lost on one person : House Republican leader John Boehner has taken out a page on his website to lampoon the tragicomedy that US economic and fiscal reality has become .
From John Boehner 's Website
Cancelled : There Will Be No Congressional Budget This Year
*** The Following Is An Important Fiscal Health Announcement ***
Washington ( Jun 22 )
In light of House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ’s ( D - MD ) announcement this morning that House Democrats will not pass a budget this year – failing to fulfill what he has called “ the most basic responsibility ” of governing – the following important fiscal health warning has been issued : THE BUDGET HAS BEEN
CANCELLED
WE REGRET TO INFORM YOU THAT
THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET
PLANNED FOR FISCAL YEAR 2011 HAS BEEN CANCELLED DUE TO WASHINGTON DEMOCRATS ’ OUT-OF - CONTROL SPENDING SPREE .
AN APOLOGY FOR THIS BETRAYAL OF AMERICAN TAXPAYERS DOES NOT APPEAR TO BE FORTHCOMING AT THIS TIME .
BE ADVISED THAT THE FOLLOWING SERVICES WILL BE INTERRUPTED :
Imposing the fiscal discipline economists say is needed to create jobs and boost our economy
Reining in the out - of - control spending spree that is killing American jobs
Carrying out the “ most basic responsibility of governing ” Stopping middle - class tax hikes that will sock family budgets at the worst possible time Providing the leadership on jobs and the economy that Americans say is sorely lacking Protecting our kids and grandkids from the enormous debt burden Washington has placed on them
We reserve the right to notify you of additional consequences that may arise in light of this budget failure , which is unprecedented in the modern era .
In the interim , please brace for more spending , more debt , more tax hikes , more broken promises .
For families and small businesses looking for a government that listens to the people it serves and respects their hard - earned money , House Republicans are offering better solutions to cut spending now and help small businesses put people back to work .
And here are the comment from Ranking Member , and vocal budgetary farce opponent , Paul Ryan :
Ranking Member Ryan on Democrats ’ Unprecedented Budget Failure
WASHINGTON – Since the implementation of the 1974 Budget Act , the House has never failed to pass a budget resolution – until now .
House Democratic leaders announced this morning that they will make no attempt to even propose a budget .
In response to this unprecedented budget failure and efforts to give the appearance of budgeting while sidestepping the tough decisions that budgets require , House Budget Committee Ranking Republican Paul Ryan ( WI ) issued the following statement :
“ House Democrats have offered no budget , no priorities , and no restraints – yet the taxing , spending , and borrowing all continue unchecked .
The unprecedented collapse of the budget process and lack of spending restraint undermines economic growth and job creation , fuels our dependence on foreign creditors , and accelerates our fiscal day of reckoning here at home .
A clear signal is being sent to American families struggling to meet their own budgets – and to those financing this borrowing binge – that Washington still does n’t recognize the severity of our fiscal and economic challenges .
Washington needs to wake up . ”
Additional key points to consider :
A “ deeming resolution ” is not a budget .
A " deemer ” does not set priorities ; it does not align overall spending , tax , deficit , and debt levels ; and it does nothing to address the runaway spending of Federal entitlement programs .
Instead of enforceable restraints and tough decisions , the Majority intends to give a green light to the Appropriators for the spending spree to continue .
This year ’s budget collapse is an unprecedented failure .
Even when previous Congresses have failed to pass budget conference reports , the House always completed and passed its own budget resolution .
Not only will House Democrats fail to pass a budget resolution , they will make no attempt to even propose a budget .
The latest in a string of alarming fiscal abuses .
Since January 2009 , the President has signed into law $ 1.8 trillion in new spending and $ 670 billion in new taxes .
The Federal budget deficit has expanded to $ 1.5 trillion and total debt recently eclipsed $ 13 trillion .
The Majority ’s pay - as - you - go charade has been circumvented at least 14 times in the 111th Congress , adding hundreds of billions of dollars to the deficit .
The abuse of the budget reconciliation process made possible the passage of the Majority ’s health care overhaul .
A failure to budget exacerbates looming fiscal crisis .
The Democrats ’ failure to budget and get spending under control would be a disaster at any time – a staggering abdication of a fundamental act of governing .
It is acutely problematic now , with the Nation facing dire fiscal and economic challenges .
h/t Stephen
An everyday experience for many of us is getting in a lift ( or elevator ) - every work day I do this at least 4 times a day , as I am one of those people that prefers to leave my place of work at lunchtime and breath some relatively fresh air .
The next time that you take a lift make a note of the lift capacity .
This is the number of people that the lift is rated to carry , and the total weight of those people .
This is a simple ( yet surprisingly variable ) way of determining the average weight of a human being ( number of kg divided by number of individuals ) .
Now , the next step is to imagine that human population growth ( that is , population growth at a perceptible positive rate ) is somehow desirable .
For the moment , assume historical rates of global human population growth .
Here we are talking about growth rates between 1 % and 2 % per annum .
It sounds relatively harmless , does n't it ?
Unfortunately , it is n't .
Using the Rule of 70 it is easy to calculate that at 1 % a population doubles every 70 years and at 2 % it doubles every 35 years .
This is how our global population doubled from 3 billion in 1960 to 6 billion in 1999 - just 39 years .
Take any average human weight between 65 kg and 80 kg ( which is what most lift designers seem to assume ) and you will find that our global human population would outweigh the Earth in just over 1500 years at a 2 % annual growth rate or over 3000 years at a 1 % growth rate .
I 've described this scenario in more detail in my article on Human Global Ecophagy
In evolutionary terms this is the blink of an eye .
We are assured by the UN and other " authorities " that human population growth will " stabilise " at something like 0.5 % per annum by 2050 .
This is not good enough .
I ask you to get the facts for yourself , and do the math .
You will find that no positive rate of population growth - not even a variable positive growth rate - is remotely sustainable .
Essentially we have two options , which are not mutually exclusive :
We can learn to live sustainably on Earth , which means at growth rates very close to zero .
We can learn to live and grow in space at positive growth rates .
Personally , I would prefer that we learn to do both .
The first option , alone , is too depressing to contemplate .
The second option , alone , is irresponsible if we care about life on Earth .
Thanks for reading ,
David Coutts
We are all regularly referred to as consumers , but have you ever taken this concept to the extreme ?
Well , if not , imagine humanity consuming the entire planet .
This blog will explain how an everyday experience can start you on your way .
A recent Forbes magazine article advised readers to assume that their companies have been hacked .
Some readers have asked me to weigh in , and here 's my assessment :
The article is slightly hyperbolic , but all in all , it 's a pretty accurate assessment .
Most companies are actively hacked , and their sensitive data is being stolen and leaked to outsiders .
Many readers might find such statements inaccurate and unsupported , and they may wonder where is the documented evidence to back up these gross claims .
True , there is no survey data to prove the conclusion .
Surveys and interviews can only measure known hacking incidents ; it 's hard to measure the known unknowns .
But in this case , there is strong anecdotal evidence .
[ Keep up on the day 's tech news headlines with InfoWorld 's Today 's Headlines : First Look newsletter .
| Learn how to secure your systems with Roger Grimes ' Security Adviser blog and newsletter , both from InfoWorld . ]
I 'm not certain precisely when it happened , but during the past two or three years , I found that all the companies I worked with were being hacked .
It 's more than my own personal experience .
Ask any computer security consultant who works in the field across a large number of clients and they will tell you the same thing : " Yes , every company is hacked ! "
Now , the level of hacking may differ among the different - size companies .
Every company is hacked in a sense that they probably have one or computers that have a remotely controllable Trojan / bot / zombie malware program installed .
If the company is of sufficient size or in an industry with extremely valuable data ( for example , one that competes against foreign companies , law firms , or the defense industry ) , it 's likely a malicious hacker has installed various backdoor programs and has sent volumes of sensitive data to other locations .
In the large companies I visit , the hackers set up programs that automatically look for new files and directories and send only the changed information to the remote site .
Little do those companies know that they have a free offsite backup service .
Every company I 've dealt with has had dozens of big security vulnerabilities .
The IT employees that I interview admit that their company 's defenses are unevenly applied and that they know of many more major security holes that I have n't found in my limited review .
Rarely are these security issues new ; most are several years old and well known by IT management .
There 's a chance that your company is not hacked , but in today 's uber - active crimeware environment , it 's unlikely .
If you are n't hacked , you 're either extremely good ( with full management support and resources ) or lucky .
So how should that change your behavior and tactics ?
First , as strange as it sounds , it 's probably not a bad thing to communicate to IT senior management , if you have n't already done so .
If they react in a bad way , pull out this column ( or the Forbes story ) , and list all the major security issues that have remained unfixed for years in the company .
2010 -06-20 - Andreas Radke
This release works with udev for input hotplugging and supports
/etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/*.conf as a replacement for the hal . fdi files .
After upgrading to this release , configuration for input devices in hal is ignored .
Documentation about this change can be found on the Xorg wiki article .
Nvidia - 173xx and - 96xx drivers currently do n't support the new Xorg release .
We recommend using the xf86 - video - nouveau driver package for now .
Forty - eight hours ago the story was another bad apple found on Obama ’s cart .
By yesterday morning it was another black eye for Obama and Tom Vilsack for rushing to dump a blameless woman on no good evidence and cravenly or cowardly or pusillanimously running for cover because Breitbart , Roger Ailes and whatever other gods of The Crazy said boo !
For progressives mad at their president , at some level , that ’s understandable .
They have no relationship with and expect only the worst from the Breitbarts and Fox Newses of the world .
But with Obama they expect more .
And it ’s personal .
Still , you just have to back up from that and realize that as disappointing as Tom Vilsack ’s first crack at this was , the idea that he or Obama is the bad guy in this story is not only preposterous but verging on obscene .
It ’s like the NYPD as the bad guy in the Son of Sam saga because they did n’t catch David Berkowitz fast enough .
Or perhaps that the real moral of the story is that the woman with the stalker should have been more focused on personal data security .
Not for some time has something so captured the essential corruption of a big chunk of what passes as ‘ right wing media ’ ( not all , by any means , but a sizable chunk along the Breitbart / Fox / Hannity continuum ) and the corruption of the mainstream media itself as this episode .
Let ’s review what happened here .
And for the sake of conversation , let ’s assume that Breitbart and his crew did n’t edit this thing and had n’t seen any of the rest of the highly exculpatory video .
( I ’m willing to assume that for the sake of the conversation .
And I think it may even be true as a matter of fact . )
That ’s by far the most innocent explanation .
And that means that Breitbart got a piece of video he knew nothing about and published it with a central claim ( that it was about Sherrod ’s tenure at the USDA ) that he either made up or made no attempt to verify .
No vetting , no calls , no due diligence , not the slightest concern to confirm anything or find out what was true .
Even setting aside the fact that , as Josh Green ably notes , most of Breitbart ’s scoops center on race and / or race - baiting , for anyone else practicing anything even vaguely resembling journalism , demonstrated recklessness and / or dishonesty on that scale would be a shattering if not necessarily fatal blow to reputation and credibility .
Yet most of the coverage has been along the lines of Breitbart sparks debate about racism or White House pratfall on prematurely canning Shirley Sherrod .
Indeed , ABC tonight is sending out an exclusive on Breitbart , which is … a puff piece about how he got his start in new media .
Or what about the Fox News ?
To use to terminology of infectious disease , Fox was the primary vector of this story .
And to the best of my knowledge , there ’s been not only no disciplining of anyone in the news room but as far as I can see no retraction , apology ( with the exception of a semi- retraction , on a personal basis , from Bill O’Reilly ) or even discussion of their primary role in an obvious smear .
The only ‘ press criticism ’
I ’ve seen is this piece by my friend Howard Kurtz which ca n’t be called anything but a white - wash , even including a self - serving internal email leaked from Fox about taking a careful , thoughtful approach to the story .
( My god ! )
For that matter , you simply can’t discuss
Fox ’s role in the Sherrod episode without referencing their constant harping on the sham story about the Obama DOJ ’s allegedly going soft on freak show black radicals intimidating voters back in 2008 — a story cooked up by one of the right - wing activist plants burrowed into the DOJ during the US Attorney firing era .
Fox has become the primary purveyor of race - baiting attacks aimed at discrediting President Obama , a fact apparently too substantive and ugly to be a fit topic for ‘ press criticism ’ or ‘ media reporting ’ , which apparently must focus on journalists considered “ controversial ” despite not being able to point to any actual wrongdoing on their part .
That amounts to saying that virtually all of what goes under the name of ‘ media reporting ’ these days is a crock .
The current controversy over the ‘ Journolist ’ listserve is actually instructive .
Much of the story is much ado about nothing since most of what ’s discovered in these emails is self - proclaimed liberal opinion journalists displaying a liberal bias in their approach to politics and news .
But what makes private expressions of bias relevant is the suspicion that it may lead to public dishonesty , deception or fraud — the fundamental infraction behind all journalistic wrongdoing .
In the Sherrod debacle , however , we have an open and shut case of the real thing — outright journalistic fraud .
But that ’s apparently not as big a ‘ media story ’ .
This is a journalistic felony , really the worst kind of thing that journalists can ever do — a reality only compounded by the fact that they refuse to admit not only culpability but even that they did anything wrong .
Now , you ’re probably saying : tell me something I do n’t know .
And yes , I hear ya .
I would n’t expect much else .
What ’s most instructive about the whole episode , however , is the cravenness of the legitimate press .
You ’ll see no end of ‘ media stories ’ about the Wiegel nonsense and now even more about ‘ journolist ’ .
Politico , I think , has published half a dozen pieces on each I imagine .
But I doubt you ’ll see many if any of these ‘ media criticism ’ or ‘ media stories ’ about the perpetrators of the offense in this instance .
All I ’ve seen so far is Kurtz ’s piece referenced above , which is apparently intended as a Fox - defending corrective to the almost non-existent critiques of their role in the affair .
It ’s much easier to focus on Obama or Vilsack or ‘ what it says about race in America ’ or whatever other nonsense .
Because most reporters are simply cowed by Fox and Breitbart and Beck and the rest of the organized forces of bamboozlement — too afraid , too bewildered , too hapless to apply anything remotely approaching standards in analyzing the fourth estate of which they are the nominal custodians .
So what we get is this ‘ see no evil , hear no evil , speak not at all ’ routine from reporters and journalists who should know better .
In any other instance in life , when wrongdoing is committed , the primary goal is identification , apprehension and consequences for the guilty .
The shortcomings of those who were affected by or mishandled the response to the offense is inherently secondary — whether that be cops who did n’t find the felon sooner or an over - anxious administration that jumped the gun in response to a fraudulent news story .
We know who the guilty parties are here .
Anything else is cowardice , denial or complicity .
( ed.note :
In the course of a lot of criticism of mainstream journalism , I ’d be remiss not to explicitly mention CNN and the Atlanta Journal - Constitution , two Atlanta - based news organizations that did the real spade work debunking this travesty . )
The lung - on - a - chip device mimics a human lung and allows living tissue to be studied without opening up people or animals
Scientists have grown lungs in the laboratory , a major first step towards growing tissue that could one day be used to replace diseased or damaged human lungs .
In one study , scientists at Harvard Medical School and the Children 's Hospital in Boston created a device that mimics a human lung , by incorporating lung and blood vessel cells into a microchip ( see video , above ) .
Meanwhile , at Yale University , scientists have grown lung tissue that carries out some of the basic functions of the organ , including exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide .
Both studies are published today in the journal Science .
The work at Harvard will be used mainly for studying the workings of living lung tissue without having to open up people or animals .
It could also be used to test the effects of environmental toxins or new drugs .
The lung - on - a - chip could predict how human lungs absorb airborne nanoparticles and mimic the inflammatory response triggered by pathogens , said Donald Ingber , the vascular biologist who led the work at Harvard University 's Wyss Institute .
" Organs - on - chips could replace many animal studies in the future , " he added .
" We really can't understand how biology works unless we put it in the physical context of real living cells , tissues and organs . "
The device was able to replicate many of the natural responses of lung tissue , such as detecting pathogens and speeding up blood flow so that immune cells can deal with the invaders .
The Harvard team is working on building other organ models , including ones made from gut , bone marrow or cancer cells .
The Yale scientists , led by Laura Niklason , started with lungs from adult rats and removed the cells , leaving behind only the network that supports the branching airways and blood system .
This support network was later used as a scaffold to grow cells for a new lung , which was implanted into rats for up to two hours at a time .
" We succeeded in engineering an implantable lung in our rat model that could efficiently exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide , and could oxygenate haemoglobin in the blood , " said Niklason .
" This is an early step in the regeneration of entire lungs for larger animals and , eventually , for humans . "
To make the technology work for humans will take several more years of work using stem cells to grow the complex structures required for a fully - funtioning organ , said Niklason .
during design miami / basel 2010 , carpenters workshop gallery ( london ) presented ‘ unbearable lightness ’ by dutch designer tomáš gabzdil libertiny .
suspended on four chains and a hook , the small cabinet is a clean - room unit that has been built from custom aluminium profiles , glass sheets and plastic inserts , elements which are typically used in the automation industry .
for this specific event , the base plate of the glass was cut with a queen restrictor mesh .over the course of the fair , 40 000 worker bees were released into the case to complete a wax honeycomb structure over the figure of a martyred christ rising out of the chaos , his weight seeming to be upheld by the mass strength of the swarm .
the artist managed to gain complete control over the bees and lure them to construct their hive precisely over the figure within the vitrine that is made of a laser sintered framework .
the industrious bees created a honeycomb skin over the figure before filling each cell with the honey they produce .
then bees worked to remove the honey from the cells and return it to the beehive , cleaning the martyred christ back to the wax cells they originally created .
bees hard at work on the figure of the martyred christ image courtesy of carpenters workshop gallery
libertiny ’s allegory engages us with his desire to manipulate and control a social wild - life entity as the means to fulfilling the final product .
here the bees , engaging in their repetitive natural process while unknowingly creating the world ’s most recognized religious effigy .
the suspended closed cabinet references the strict boundaries of society where the toil of everyday duty is masked by the hope of eternal rest in an afterlife promised by the believer .
the bees are programmed to act for their queen who puppet - rules for libertiny .
the viewer is able to recognize this element of manipulation of the bees while ignorant to the invisible constraints and measures imposed on our own existence .
initially , tomáš introduced a natural red pigment into the mold which bees spread evenly across the whole figure .
the red relates to blood and flesh and is also the only color in the visible spectrum that bees do not see .
the honeycomb skin the bees created image courtesy of carpenters workshop gallery
designer tomáš gabzdil libertiny image courtesy of design miami / basel
image courtesy of carpenters workshop gallery
bees hard at work image courtesy of carpenters workshop gallery
Patkau Architects of Vancouver have won a competition to design six houses in the nature reserve surrounding Frank Lloyd Wright 's Fallingwater house in Pennsylvania .
The six houses will be submerged in the landscape of Bear Run Nature Reserve and provide accommodation for visitors involved in the Fallingwater Institute ’s educational programs .
Here 's some more information from the architects :
Patkau Architects chosen as winner of design competition for on - site cottages at Fallingwater
A jury has chosen Patkau Architects of Vancouver , British Columbia , as the winner of its first - ever design competition for on - site cottages that will support residential educational programming at the Frank Lloyd Wright masterwork in Fayette County .
The second - place winner of the competition is Phoenix , Ariz . - based Wendell Burnette Architects , and Olson Kundig Architects of Seattle , Wash . , has been chosen as the third - place winner .
Patkau Architects ' winning design for six small , efficient , sustainable cottages will serve as the basis of a final design , to be implemented following regulatory approval and fundraising .
“ In its subtlety , it is provocative and it carries forward the discourse about where architecture can move , ” the jury said of the winning design .
“ Its strength is not just in what is included , but in what is left out . ”
Click for larger image
The Western Pennsylvania Conservancy , which preserves and maintains Fallingwater , will build the cottages on the grounds of the 5,000 - acre Bear Run Nature Reserve that surrounds Fallingwater , some distance from the house itself .
The design competition is the first that Fallingwater has sponsored for construction of new buildings on - site .
Click for larger image
The new cottages will serve an important outreach goal by expanding lodging capacity for participants in Fallingwater Institute ’s diverse educational programs .
These unique , immersive educational offerings are tailored to broad age levels and interests – and to people from the Western Pennsylvania region and beyond .
Click for larger image
“ When Edgar Kaufmann , jr. entrusted Fallingwater to the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy , he envisioned education as a critical component of Fallingwater ’s new role as a public resource .
Click for larger image
He saw Fallingwater as not merely available to the public , but as a force that could continue to drive the development of architecture and good design as well as advance their appreciation and understanding , ” said Lynda Waggoner , director of Fallingwater and vice president of the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy .
Click for larger image
“ He said , ‘ Fallingwater grew and still grows . ’
We feel that the winning design by Patkau Architects will allow Fallingwater to grow by actively demonstrating the principles we espouse : good design in harmony with nature . ”
Click for larger image
See also :
.
It 's feeding time !
Give me the food you were going to give to this tiny ad :
Rocket Mass Heater Plans - now free for a while
So , my buddy Jason suggested I pick up the new invincible iron man and turn to page 12 .
I go down to the local elitist comic bookstore and quickly find what I am looking for .
And HOLY CRAP .
A photo I took at comicon two years ago is IN iron man .
IRON MAN !
This happened to my buddy Sean Lee as well .
I would have never thought in my entire photo career that I ’d end up in a comic book , let alone a marvel comic , and an iron man one on top of that .
UPDATE – I have contacted Marvel and Sal ( Wolverine ) .
Further updates as they are received .
Magic type Music genre Rock
Image Credit : Stephen Lovekin / Getty ImagesGet out your time - turners , folks , because we ’ve reached the end of an era .
On Saturday , filming of the Harry Potter series came to a close .
Warwick Davis , who plays Professor Flitwick , tweeted out the news : “ Today is officially the last day of principal photography on ‘ Harry Potter ’ – ever .
I feel honoured to be here as the director shouts cut for the very last time .
Farewell Harry & Hogwarts , it ’s been magic ! ”
It must have been a sad day for all the actors involved , especially the trio of young stars who have charmed audiences around the world since Harry Potter And The Sorcerer ’s Stone was released back in 2001 .
( Fun fact : Considering the first movie started filming in October 2000 , the Harry Potter films were in production for exactly nine and three - fourths years . )
We ’ve gotten the chance to watch Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson , and Rupert Grint literally grow up before our eyes , and although so many child stars find themselves forever stuck in a proverbial Azkaban of type - casting , these three seem to have bright futures ahead of them , as people actually take them seriously .
So , I ’m wondering : where do they go from here ?
Sure , they still have another year of promotional appearances for the two Deathly Hallows movies before they ’re through with the Harry Potter universe , but once their time as part of the most successful franchise in film history wraps up , what avenues will they pursue ?
Allow me to put my divination skills to use as I predict the future for the magical trio :
Radcliffe has already stated that he ’s going back to Broadway to star in How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying .
Following that , I ’d expect a slew of very serious roles for the actor .
In the same way that fellow former - mega - franchise - stars Tobey Maguire and Elijah Wood have sought out heavy roles in smaller productions like Brothers and Green Street Hooligans , Radcliffe may gravitate to darker fare .
Grint will probably keep doing what he ’s been doing for the past few years : starring in cool , quirky British movies that do n’t make much of an impact in the U.S.
After roles in Driving Lessons and Cherrybomb , the star will open his latest film , a comedy called Wild Target , which is released Friday in the U.K .
If I had to guess , I ’d say Grint ’s career will resemble Hot Fuzz star Simon Pegg’s .
He ’ll be a strong comedic draw in Britain , and while people in America will always like him , he wo n’t feel the need to be an A - List leading man .
Watson ’s future is a little less clear .
She ’s repeatedly said that she ’s not in love with acting .
My guess is that if she does pursue the art , she ’ll display a surprising range , along the lines of Keira Knightley ’s — and she ’ll always look great on the red carpet .
What do you think , PopWatchers ?
Now that they ’ve graduated from Hogwarts , what ’s next for the Harry Potter stars ?
Read more :
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- BP PLC 's plans to pressure - test the latest containment system on its blown Gulf of Mexico oil well has received government approval , clearing the way for the next critical step in efforts to tame the leak , a federal official said Wednesday .
National Incident Commander Thad Allen , head of the federal oil - spill response team , said the test will begin later on Wednesday with a gradual buildup of pressure inside the well .
The government had called a 24 - hour delay in the test to make sure BP " got it right , " according to Allen , drawing on an " overabundance of caution " by first asking a panel of scientists and industry experts whether they believed the well could withstand the enormous pressure of oil and gas rushing from the reservoir deep below the seabed .
The tests will last up to 48 hours , Allen said , during which pressure is expected to reach as much as 9,000 pounds per square inch within the 75 - ton containment cap .
A review of seismic data gathered in the area suggests rising pressure levels in the well wo n't create a crater through which more oil could escape , he added .
President Barack Obama and members of his cabinet were briefed on the plan , Allen said in an afternoon conference call with reporters .
BP BP , - 1.18 % ( BP ) will begin to turn off siphoning equipment attached to the mile - deep well and shut the valves on the latest containment cap latched onto the damaged wellhead over the weekend .
Investors , anxious for word on when the next phase of the containment effort could proceed , exerted their own pressure on BP shares .
The stock fell nearly 2 % Wednesday to close at $ 36.18 .
If BP 's well passes the so - called integrity test , the new cap should be able to contain most , if not all , of the 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil gushing into the sea since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon rig drilling the well exploded , killing 11 workers .
The rig sank two days later .
If the well casing fails its integrity test , BP will resume siphoning oil from well pipe on the sea floor to collection vessels on the surface .
Regardless , the cap is only a temporary solution .
The well wo n't be fully controlled until BP completes its relief wells , which aim to intersect the blown well thousands of feet below the seabed in what is known in the oil industry as a " bottom kill . "
That 's likely to take several more weeks .
Meanwhile , a spokesman for Sen. Bill Nelson , a Florida Democrat , said Wednesday that BP still has not responded to a June 2 letter inquiring about possible weaknesses in the strength of the well casing .
In one of the many procedures BP initially employed to stop the leak , the company pumped in heavy drilling mud to attempt to clog up the well in May , in an operation called a " top kill . "
The letter from Nelson cited a Washington Post report that said new damage was discovered inside the well and that drilling mud leaked out of the well casing .
Detailed analyses of last year ’s impact on Jupiter by an asteroid was released by NASA on Thursday .
By coincidence , Jupiter was impacted yet again on the same day by an unknown object .
This time , the impact was caught on live video .
The impact happened at 20:31UTC June 3 , 2010 .
It was first noticed by Anthony Wesley in Australia , who issued an alert .
The discovery was immediately confirmed by Christopher Go in the Philippines , who happened to be taking a video of Jupiter in which the impact was caught live .
The fact that the impact flash was captured by two independent observers separated thousands of kilometers from each other makes this discovery highly credible .
Wesley and Go are both dedicated amateur astronomers who observe Jupiter every night that the planet is visible from their back yards , and they both have track records of major discoveries .
Wesley discovered the Jupiter impact last summer ;
Go first discovered the color change in Oval BA , a major vortex of Jupiter that turned red in 2006 and is now known as the Red Spot Jr .
When Ars reached Go at his home on the island of Cebu in the Philippines , he simply could not contain his excitement .
“ When Anthony issued the alert , I was just processing the video of Jupiter I just took , so I checked to see what I got , " Go told Ars .
" And there it is , I still ca n’t believe it , wow , it ’s just amazing ! ”
The discovery image taken by Wesley is in red light , shown at top .
The video captured by Go shows Jupiter through a blue filter , with a frame rate of approximately 60 fps .
The video shows the progression of the impact in real time , and the impact flash lasts about 1 second .
“ I was amazed by how quick the whole thing lasted , " said Go . " I always imagined that these events took minutes or hours , but this flash lasted only for a few seconds . "
Preliminary impressions on the video suggest that the impactor entered Jupiter from the westerly directions ; a more conclusive answer must await detailed analysis .
As the news goes around the world , planetary scientists are asking all major telescopes round the world to be pointed at Jupiter for detailed analysis .
We 'll continue to cover this story as it develops .
Kostenloser Versand und 60 Tage verlängerte Rückgabefrist .*
Siehe Einzelheiten
Versandbedingungen
Wir liefern alle Bestellungen versandkostenfrei an unsere Kunden .
Umtausch in der Garantie nicht vorgesehen .
Der Kunde ist für die Entrichtung von Einfuhrzöllen , der Mehrwertsteuer oder anderer zusätzlicher Steuern verantwortlich .
Als Reaktion auf die COVID - 19 - Pandemie verlängert ZAGG seine 30 - tägige Geld - Zurück - Garantie .
Alle Käufe bei ZAGG .com , die nach dem 15 .
Februar 2020 getätigt wurden , beinhalten ein verlängertes 60 - Tage - Rückgaberecht .
Bitte beachten Sie , dass die Bearbeitung von Rücksendungen und Rückerstattungen möglicherweise länger als gewöhnlich dauert .
Vielen Dank für Ihre Geduld .
June 30 , 2010 - Robin Walker
Do you hear that ?
That ominous , otherworldly silence ?
That 's what we in the game biz call the calm before a storm .
And keep listening ... do you hear that distant rumble ?
We call that thunder .
It happens during a storm whenever it 's not quiet .
All of these portents can only mean one thing : Something big is happening .
The fact that everybody else on the team keeps telling me that it 's only weather , and that weather can't talk to you , tells me they 're all in on it .
( And possibly not human ?
More on this later . )
Perhaps it 's the upcoming Polycount Pack update making the hair on the back of my neck stand up , and the Australia - shaped hair on my back matte itself back down , since it means we 'll be shipping the best of the amazing Polycount Contest entries .
Be glad you 're not one of us , forced to order that list of magnificent items into some kind of hierarchy .
Maybe we 'll just announce they 've all won first place .
Or maybe it's the release of the Official TF2 Wiki that 's made weather choose me as its emissary on Earth .
Developed by the administrators of the unofficial TF2 wiki , it 's a perfect place to find out everything you ever wanted to know about TF2 , but were too afraid to type into Google .
Head over there and see if you can help them out .
If you 're a useful enough contributor , the weather might talk to you too .
It might even point out which of the people on your team are n't real humans .
Then we could compare notes .
Or maybe , just maybe , it 's something else entirely .
Germany 's Mission in Afghanistan Ex-Defense Officials Skeptical of Success
The belief that things will end well in Afghanistan is dwindling in Germany .
An increasing number of security experts recommend an orderly withdrawal and even those who were involved in sending the Bundeswehr on the mission are now voicing doubts about ultimate success .
Von Christoph Schwennicke
AMERICA’S HIDDEN HOLIDAY , JUNE 8TH
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
“ The ultimate lesson of the Liberty attack had far more effect on policy in Israel than America .
Israel ’s leaders concluded that nothing they might do would offend the Americans to the point of reprisal .
If America ’s leaders did not have the courage to punish Israel for the blatant murder of American citizens it seemed clear that their American friends would let them get away with almost anything . ” ( Undersecretary of State George Ball )
This year , Americans , for the first time , celebrated USS Liberty Remembrance Day , June 8th , the 43rd anniversary .
It was n’t everyone , the heroism of the USS Liberty , one of the greatest stories of American naval history , has been suppressed .
Captain William McGonagle , Medal of Honor winner for his actions that day , has been invisible , shoved in a closet and silenced for most of his life , a life now over .
The survivors clamor for recognition , not out of vengeance or for personal gain but because USS Liberty Remembrance Day is important , as important as 9/11 or Memorial Day or even Veterans Day .
We , the 27 million families of American veterans remember for a purpose , it tells of of where we have been , the mistakes we made and reminds us of the cost of protecting democracy , the sacrifices made to keep us free .
USS Liberty Remembrance Day is a suppressed holiday , in some ways more than any other time of reflection and appreciation of our fighting men , forgetting has cost us dearly .
Did Americans really forget the USS Liberty ?
Blame me first .
Until I got to know Phil Tourney , one of the USS Liberty survivors , I had a piece of a memory of an “ accident ” in the Mediterranean years ago .
I had neither seen nor heard anything of it in decades .
Then , as is so often the case when the facts are put before you , in this case overwhelmingly by statements from a Medal of Honor winning captain to crew members to Secretary of State Dean Rusk to George Ball , all saying the same thing , I felt embarrassed .
I then called VT Editor , Jim Hanke , former Defense Attache to Israel .
“ Gordie , this has been a sore spot with our military for years . ”
Back in 1967 , an American ship was brutally attacked by Israel , a flagged US Navy ship .
According to the captain , Medal of Honor winner George McGonagle :
“ When the planes struck it was without provocation and certainly unexpected and they seemed to descend on us from all directions at the same time .
Rockets and machine guns tore the ship , killed men on deck and we were defenseless .
It appeared from the ferocity of the attack that the intent of the attackers was to sink , maybe they hoped to have no survivors so they would not be held accountable for the attack after it occurred . ”
Israel said they though the USS Navy ship carried no flag and looked , to them , as though it was a 40 year old “ tramp steamer ” 1 /3rd its size .
The USS Liberty , a new $ 40 million ship , state of the art , was turned into $ 110,000 in scrap in hours , scrap covered with American blood , brains and guts strewn from one end of her decks to the other .
Israeli surveillance planes had been flying over the USS Liberty for hours and their radio traffic was intercepted .
They knew it was an American ship , they knew its name and the flag they claimed was n’t flying was clear as day .
Crew member Stan White , Master Chief Petty Officer on the USS Liberty that day states as the attack began :
“ I came out on deck .
A plane came by , I looked right in the cockpit , I waved , he waved , we were that close they were … they knew who we were ”
Secretary of State Dean Rusk gives his view of what happened that day :
“ I never , myself , accepted the Israeli explanation .
Accidents do n’t occur through repeated attacks by surface vessels and aircraft .
It was obviously a decision that was taken on pretty high up in the Israeli side because it involved combined forces .
The ship was flying an American flag .
Even if it had been unidentified it still would have been a reckless thing to do , suppose it had been a Soviet ship ?
That could have produced very large problems indeed . ”
However , Undersecretary of State , George Ball , makes the most telling statement of all .
His assessment is why Americans need to be told , despite the total news blackout on this incident , despite the cover - up by the US Navy , one that no longer is credible .
The old lie died years ago but the old threat exists now more than ever before as has been shown time and time again in recent years and recent weeks .
The words of George Ball :
“ The ultimate lesson of the Liberty attack had far more effect on policy in Israel than America .
Israel ’s leaders concluded that nothing they might do would offend the Americans to the point of reprisal .
If America ’s leaders did not have the courage to punish Israel for the blatant murder of American citizens it seemed clear that their American friends would let them get away with almost anything . ”
Official charges were filed , not only against the State of Israel but against the United States Navy as well .
These were the charges filed in 2005 , charges yet unanswered for the following crimes :
The jamming of our radios on both US Navy tactical and international maritime distress frequencies ;
The use of unmarked aircraft by the forces attacking the USS Liberty ;
The deliberate machine gunning of life rafts we had dropped over the side in anticipation of abandoning ship ; and
The recall of two flights of rescue aircraft that had been launched from Sixth Fleet aircraft carriers .
After those flights were recalled , Sixth Fleet personnel listened to our calls for help as the attack continued knowing they were forbidden to come to our assistance .
Since the 1790s , the primary role of the United States Navy has been to maintain freedom of the seas and rights of navigation , especially in the Mediterranean .
This is why the Navy was established .
The USS Liberty incident was a failure of the United States in so many ways .
It told , not only Israel but the world that political corruption , international plots and money is more important than the lives of our men and women in uniform or our national honor .
Then , a foreign government wanted 300 Americans dead because they were “ in the way . ”
Sometimes we prosecute our own troops out of political pressure , we have seen Marines defending themselves in Iraq jailed , Navy Seals prosecuted for doing their jobs , all the while our “ congress critters ” and the ‘ Perfumed Princes of the Pentagon ” forget why we pay their salaries , forget who they work for .
We remember our sacrifices , Pearl Harbor , Vietnam , Omaha Beach , Chosen Reservoir , Bataan , Gettysburg , Belleau Wood and so many others for a reason .
We do n’t just erase one because it is inconvenient to a TV network or bunch of big political contributors .
We either honor all or none .
We either have honor or none .
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
Feel free to use information provided in this page on your web site / blog / etc ... BUT please , do not link to the image (s ) directly , save it and put it on your server .
Then do not forget to add a link to this page
Other available statistics :
0
Estimated number of Applications downloaded in the Android Market
Accumulated number of Application and Games in the Android Market
Number of New Applications in Android Market by month
Distribution of free and paid apps in Android Market
Number of New Applications and Games published daily in the Android Market
A two - panel cartoon of stick figures .
In panel one , the figure on the left observes “ Wow , you suck at math ” to the stick figure on the right , who has made an erroneous calculus statement .
The exact same thing happens in panel two , only the figure on the right has longer hair , and the figure on the left remarks , “ Wow , girls suck at math . ” Image from Sociological Images via XKCD
But seriously .
“ Daring to Discuss Women in Science ” by John Tierney ran in the New York Times two days ago .
In it , Tierney announces a proposed national law that would require the White House science adviser to oversee workshops aimed to close the gender gap in science and engineering fields .
But rather than express support for this proposal ( “ Fulfilling the potential of women in academic science and engineering , ” section 124 out of 700 section - bill , brief the 248 - page PDF here ) , Tierney approaches it with trepidation .
“ At the risk of being shipped off to one of these workshops , ” Tierney wonders if perhaps Larry Summers had n’t been incorrect to assert that women lack an “ innate ability ” to do math as well as men .
Why the iconoclastic , “ so not ” PC claim ?
Tierney points to a recent study by Duke University psychologists who looked at the very top seventh - grade scorers on the ACT and SAT – the “ extreme right tail of the distribution curve , ” or the top 0.01 percentile .
THE RESULTS MAY COGNITIVELY SHOCK YOUR LADY BRAIN :
In the early 1980s , there were 13 boys for every girl in that group , but by 1991 the gender gap had narrowed to four to one , presumably because of sociocultural factors like encouragement and instruction in math offered to girls .
Since then , however , the math gender gap has n’t narrowed , despite the continuing programs to encourage girls .
The Duke researchers report that there are still four boys for every girl at the extreme right tail of the scores for the SAT math test .
The boy - girl ratio has also remained fairly constant , at about three to one , at the right tail of the ACT tests of both math and science reasoning .
Among the 19 students who got a perfect score on the ACT science test in the past two decades , 18 were boys .
Meanwhile , the seventh - grade girls outnumbered the boys at the right tail of tests measuring verbal reasoning and writing ability .
The Duke researchers report in Intelligence , “ Our data clearly show that there are sex differences in cognitive abilities in the extreme right tail , with some favoring males and some favoring females . ”
But why is this article , and the study it cites , actually not the blow - your - mind study Tierney seems to expect it to be ?
I ’d like to share with Tierney , at the risk of being mansplained , why this is problematic , with some help from Sociological Images .
For one , it ignores cultural and qualitative data about girls and boys and math and science .
Although the gender gap narrowed “ presumably ” because of sociocultural factors , it does n’t say what these factors were or how they were actually taken into account .
And were these sociocultural factors considered in the later studies ?
The study also completely trusts the use of ACT and SAT scores as accurate measuring tools , without considering the class and cultural biases of these “ standardized ” tests .
Tierney also may have missed a New York Times article ( “ Gray Matter and Sexes : A Gray Area Scientifically ” ) from 2005 that also “ dared ” to ask if Larry Summers was correct .
It also looked at the ways that boys and girls score on the SAT .
However this article took the attitude that there are multiple factors in determining both standardized test scores as well as career paths between boys and girls .
As if predicting Tierney ’s timid attempt to conscientiously object to mandated girl - power workshops , the article states , “ For Dr. Summers and others , the overwhelmingly male tails of the bell curve [ for college - bound seniors SAT scores ] may be telling ….
But few researchers who have analyzed the data believe that men ’s greater representation among the high - tail scores can explain more than a small fraction of the sex disparities in career success among scientists . ”
Sociological Images recently posted a wonderful bullet list of the main points of the 2005 article , many of which directly quash Tierney ’s ballsy ( read : narrow - minded ) assumptions to support Larry Summers , which reads more like the lazy , one - pronged approach that Steven Levitt of Freakonomics often employs in his “ groundbreaking , ” and often sexist , theory - making .
Here are just a few of those points ( I recommend reading both the NYT and SI pieces in entirety ) :
• Even though boys outperform girls on the SAT , it turns out those scores do not predict math performance in classes .
Girls frequently outperform boys in the classroom .
• When boys do better , they are usually also doing worse .
Boys are also more likely than girls to get nearly all the answers wrong .
So they overpopulate both tails of the bell curve ; boys are both better , and worse , than girls at math .
• In Japan , though girls perform less well than the boys , they generally outperform U.S. boys considerably .
So finding that boys outperform girls within a country does not mean that boys outperform girls across all countries .
• Still , even in Iceland , girls overwhelmingly express more negative attitudes towards math .
“ Gray Matter and Sexes ” concludes “ Many argue that it is unnecessary to invoke ‘ innate differences ’ to explain the gap that persists in fields like physics , engineering , mathematics and chemistry .
Might scientists just be slower in letting go of baseless sexism ? ”
Tellingly , that question was asked five years ago .
I ’ll leave you with another cartoon , also courtesy of Sociological Images via Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal
Panel one : “ Boy Toys . ”
Disembodied adult voice :
It ’s a Mechablox !
Little white boy with box :
What ’s it do ?
Disembodied adult voice :
Be arranged in literally infinite ways , then hooked to a computer and remote controlled !
Panel two : “ Girl toys ”
Disembodied adult voice :
It ’s a doll !
Little white girl with blond doll :
What ’s it do ?
Disembodied voice :
Be a doll !
Panel three : “ Subsequently … ”
White adult male looking over shoulder of black adult male seated at computer :
Why are there so few girl engineers ?
Daring to Discuss Women in Science [ New York Times ]
Gray Matter and Sexes : A Gray Area Scientifically [ New York Times , January 2005 ]
The Truth About Gender and Math [ Sociological Images ]
LOS ANGELES ---
A space - themed , talking Hallmark graduation card is being pulled from store shelves because of the card ’s reference to a black hole .
But members of the Los Angeles NAACP say the message sounds like " black whore " in the card 's audio recording .
That 's how they hear it , and they say it 's racist , KABC - TV in Los Angeles reported .
" That was very demeaning to African - American women when it made reference to African - American women as whores , and at the end it says ' watch your back , ' " said Leon Jenkins of the Los Angeles NAACP .
The Hallmark card reads , " Hey world , we are officially putting you on notice , " before playfully touting the ambitious future of the new graduate .
Characters known as " Hoops " and " Yoyo " banter on : " And you black holes , you are so ominous .
Watch your back . "
Hallmark calls the outrage a misunderstanding , claiming that the space theme emphasizes the power the graduate has to take over the universe , even energy - absorbing black holes .
" The intent here is to say that this graduate is not afraid of anything , " explained Hallmark spokesman Steve Doyal .
Apparently , NAACP members heard something different .
Four British soldiers were killed in a vehicle crash in southern Afghanistan , the ministry of defence said , only days after Britain passed the grim milestone of 300 deaths .
Three soldiers from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment and one from 1st Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment died in the accident near Gereshk in Helmand province on Wednesday evening , the ministry said .
" They were part of a team that was travelling to assist in an incident at a nearby checkpoint when they were killed in a vehicle incident , " said Lieutenant Colonel James Carr - Smith , spokesman for Task Force Helmand .
Earlier the NATO - run International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) in Kabul had announced the death of four NATO troops in an accident , but did not give their nationalities .
The deaths made June the deadliest single month for US - led foreign forces in the nearly nine - year conflict .
They took the British death toll since the 2001 US - led invasion of Afghanistan to 307 , three days after it passed the landmark of 300 dead on Monday .
- AFP
04 giugno 2010 256 visualizzazioni Link Embed
https://video.repubblica.it/dossier/gaza-assalto-nave/gaffe-di-israele-inviato-ai-media-video-farsa-sul-blitz/48347/47920?video&%3Bref=HRER2-1
Copia < iframe class = " rep- video - embed " src= " https://video.repubblica.it/embed/dossier/gaza-assalto-nave/gaffe-di-israele-inviato-ai-media-video-farsa-sul-blitz/48347/47920&width=640&height=360 " width = " 640 " height = " 360 " frameborder= " 0 " scrolling = " no " ></ iframe >
Copia
Gaffe di Israele : inviato ai media video farsa sul blitz
L'ufficio stampa del governo israeliano ha divulgato per errore un video - farsa proprio sul sanguinoso arrembaggio costato la vita di nove persone .
Il video creato da Latma Tv si intitola " Flotilla - We con the world " ( Flotilla - Noi inganniamo il mondo ) ed è la parodia di " We are the world " .
Il governo israeliano ha inviato per e-mail il link a una serie di giornalisti , tra cui quelli di BNO News .
Ci sono volute quasi tre ore perchè i funzionari israeliani si rendessero conto della gaffe
Prime Minister John Key has made a secret trip to Afghanistan , visiting Kiwi troops under a news blackout because of security fears .
Details of the weekend trip were revealed last night after bad weather forced Mr Key to fly out early .
While in Afghanistan , he met Afghan President Hamid Karzai and General Stanley McChrystal , commander of the International Security Assistance Force .
On arrival in the capital , Kabul , Mr Key was flown by helicopter to a meeting with New Zealand SAS members and on Sunday went to Bamyan to meet troops in the Provincial Reconstruction Team .
Mr Key said he had to visit .
" This is a dangerous place and I am asking New Zealanders to come here and represent New Zealand but , ultimately in doing that , to put their own lives on the line and I am not prepared to send people to a destination I am not prepared to come myself . "
But questions will be asked on his return about the extent to which he put Defence Force personnel and others accompanying him at risk – after he appeared to break with Defence Force practice by taking with him reporters from both major TV stations , two other journalists and a press secretary .
The prime minister 's office was aware , meanwhile , by the time of his departure that word was leaking out about the trip - planned months ago - but decided to proceed anyway .
When former prime minister Helen Clark went to Afghanistan in 2003 , the Defence Force said the mission would not proceed if journalists were tipped off in advance because it was too much of a security risk .
KARZAI 'ENGAGING '
Mr Key talked of his visit with Harmid Karzai , describing the Afghan president as engaging , and said he had thanked him for New Zealand 's help .
Mr Karzai supported the strategy of strengthening Afghan security and police forces by 300,000 recruits before control of security was handed over .
The aim was to reduce the number of troops and replace them with qualified civilians over time , though there would be a military component in Bamyan for " quite some time " due to safety concerns .
Mr Key described the trip to the " breeding ground of al Qeada " as worthwhile .
" No one is under any illusion as to what is at stake here , " he told Radio New Zealand .
Mr Key said the importance of New Zealand 's involvement in Afghanistan was " huge " and important to global solidarity .
CALL FOR TROOPS TO STAY
General McChrystal wanted New Zealand troops to remain longer and Mr Key said he would consider this .
General McChrystal did not directly ask for an extension , but in an unusual move told reporters that was what he wanted .
" I try to shy away from dealing with the requirements for any country , I think that 's for the wider coalition leadership to do .
But what I have found is continuity of commitment to the Afghan people is important . "
Mr Key would not commit to allowing the contingent to remain .
" We need to wait and see .
We 've got a lot of domestic commitments with the Rugby World Cup and all sorts of other things ...
I can certainly understand their point , which is they have made strong links .
They are doing so in actually a very peaceful way , they are working with the Crisis Response Unit , they are working with the Afghan people and they have n't fired their weapons yet . "
Mr Key said it was a difficult situation in Afghanistan as the US - led international contingent and the Afghan Government battle an insurgency , a prolific drug trade and corruption .
" It 's a complex situation there and it 's littered with failure in the past , when you look at other countries like Russia that have gone in to Afghanistan , " he told Radio New Zealand .
Mr Key 's trip coincides with plans to dramatically scale back New Zealand 's military commitment in Afghanistan after a seven - year deployment to the Bamyan province .
The Government plans to replace Kiwi troops with civilians and the next step of that process was today 's announcement of Dick Newlands as the first civilian director of the Bamyan provincial reconstruction team , until now a military operation .
Also today , retired brigadier Neville Reilly was named New Zealand 's first resident ambassador in Kabul .
Mr Reilly was the first commander of the Bamyan team .
SAS MISSION REVEALED
New Zealand Special Air Service troops were involved in an operation in Kabul that saw a terror cell busted and a quarter tonne of explosives seized - foiling plans for suicide bombings and other attacks .
Mr Key revealed the mission when talking to media in Kabul yesterday .
He said the unit had recently had a big success uncovering a massive cache of weapons in Kabul , including missiles and hand grenades .
" In the course of the discussions with the SAS it 's been possible to get an understanding of what they are doing and the kind of operations that they 've been undertaking ...
" What is absolutely the case in talking to the SAS is they have been doing some tremendous work .
They were very recently involved in a mission which saw them basically break and destroy a major insurgent effort , they recovered one of the largest caches that we 've seen recovered here in downtown Kabul ... it was a tremendous cache . "
An article in US Army newspaper Stars and Stripes details the operation without naming the Kiwi involvement but Mr Key confirmed it was the same incident .
The SAS last year returned to Afghanistan for an 18 - month stint training an elite group of Afghan commandos known as the Crisis Response Unit .
Stars and Stripes said Afghan security forces arrested nine members of a terrorist cell .
Intelligence service spokesman Saeed Ansari told the newspaper four of the suspects were arrested while travelling in a vehicle in eastern Kabul while the other five were found at an Islamic school in the city .
Confiscated were a small number of rifles and machines guns , two rocket - propelled grenades , 200kg of explosives , suicide bomb vests and a vehicle .
The suspects ranged in age from 16 to 55 and each had specific jobs within the group .
Three were apparently preparing for suicide bombing attacks but the spokesman said there were enough explosives for double the number .
He said the group was acting on orders from a Pakistan - based Taliban faction .
It had rented a house in eastern Kabul , shipped weapons across the border and funded the vehicle purchase .
- with MICHAEL FOX , Stuff.co.nz , and NZPA
After
by umpire Jim Joyce 's call I wondered where this mess ranked in sports officiating follies .
Below is a list of the 10 biggest officiating blunders in sports history .
1. Hand of God
Occurring once every four years , the World Cup is undeniably the world ’s largest sporting event .
So when officials missed Argentina ’s Diego Maradona blatant handball against England in the quarterfinals , it was an error witnessed around the world .
Argentina would go on to win the match , 2 - 1 and carried the momentum of the victory to win the nation 's second World Cup , beating West Germany , 3 - 2 , in the final .
England has not won the World Cup since 1966 .
While Maradona 's goal is the most famous incident , referees miss hand balls relatively frequently .
Just this November , in a World Cup qualifying match between Ireland and France , French striker Thierry Henry knocked down a ball in the goal box with his hand and passed it to a teammate for a goal .
France went on to win the game , 2 - 1 , eliminating Ireland from the World Cup .
2. Perfection stolen
Despite a recent burst , the perfect game remains one of baseballs rarest feats .
Only 20 men have accomplished the feat and Detroit Tigers pitcher Armando Galarraga was on the cusp of becoming number 21 , retiring the first 26 batters against the Cleveland Indians on June 2 , 2010 .
With history on the line , Indians shortstop Jason Donald hit a ground ball between first and second base .
The ball was fielded cleanly by Tigers first baseman Miguel Cabrera who tossed over to Galarraga covering first .
The play was close and Donald was ruled safe by first base umpire Jim Joyce .
Replays of the play clearly revealed Joyce made the incorrect call .
After the game Joyce watched the replay and admitted his mistake .
3 . Three tries for Gold :
You can read the accounts , you can watch the video , but it 's still unclear what happened at the end of the 1972 Olympics gold medal basketball game between the Untied States and Russia .
After Doug Collins sunk two free throws to give the U.S. a one - point lead with three seconds remaining , the officials completely lost control of the game .
Instead of the final seconds ticking off the clock , time was stopped and the Russians were given three opportunities to run the final play .
On the third and final attempt Aleksandr Belov caught a full - court pass and laid the ball in at the buzzer giving Russia the improbable 51 - 50 victory .
The game was protested by the United States .
The team declined the silver medals .
4. Fifth Down
On October 6 , 1990 , the 4 - 1 - 1 Colorado Buffaloes traveled to Missouri to play the Tigers in a Big Eight Conference showdown .
The game was closer than anticipated and the Buffaloes trailed 31 - 27 when they took possession late in the fourth quarter .
Colorado drove the length of the field and had the ball first - and - goal with 40 seconds remaining .
On first down Colorado spiked the ball to stop the clock .
They tried to run the ball up the gut on second down but were stopped short and forced to call a timeout .
This is where it got screwy .
Apparently the officiating crew forgot to change the down during the time out , so when the teams returned to the field all the markers said it was second down .
The Buffaloes were again stopped short on a run and Colorado QB Charles Johnson spike the ball to stop the clock thinking it was third down .
Colorado scored on the next play , technically a fifth down , and won the game 33 - 31 .
Hey , it 's not like it was the
.
The game holds additional significance because Colorado did n't lose a game the rest of the season and were awarded a share of the 1990 National Title .
5 . I get by with a little help from the fans
Historically , there are n't many teams better than the New York Yankees , but the team has had it 's fair share of luck when it comes to bad officiating .
Take your pick , whether it was
last year , or the
in the 1999 ALCS .
But nothing represents bad calls in the Yankees ' favor than a 12 - year - old boy named Jeffery Maier .
In the opening game of the 1996 ALCS , the Yankees trailed the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 heading into the bottom of the eighth inning .
Derek Jeter came to the plate and hit a deep fly ball to right field .
Baltimore outfielder Tony Tarasco backed to the warming track and looked like he had a shot at the catch when
and snagged the ball .
The play should have been ruled spectator interference .
This means the ball is declared dead and the umpire declares the play either an out or gives the runner an appropriate number of bases .
It 's likely Jeter would be awarded two bases in replay had existed in 1996 .
The home run tied the game and the Yankees went on to an 11th inning victory and an eventual 4 - 1 series win .
6 . Clock keeps ticking
The 1998 Rose Bowl pitted the undefeated Michigan Wolverines against the Washington State Cougars , led by star quarterback Ryan Leaf .
The game was close throughout and the Cougers had a long - shot chance at an upset in the final minute .
Down 21 - 16 with 29 seconds remaining , Leaf and company took over at their own seven .
Leaf connected on a long pass to WR Nian Taylor .
Taylor was able to get out of bounds at the Michigan 48 with nine seconds remaining .
On the next play the Cougers took ran a hook and ladder to get down to the 27 - yard line .
The clock stopped on the first down with two seconds remaining as the team ran to the line .
Leaf was able to successfully snap and spike the ball as soon as the clock started , but the finals second ticked off the clock giving Michigan the win and a share of the 1997 National Championship .
Of course depending on which side your on ,
in the team 's 2001 meeting with cross-state rival Michigan State .
7 . Bulls first reign ended by a whistle
When Michael Jordan was in the lineup the Bulls won six championships in the 1990's , but people forget that Chicago was still a pretty damn good team when Michael took a sabbatical to play minor league baseball .
Led by Scottie Pippen , the Bulls finished 55 - 27 and third seed in the Eastern Conference .
Chicago made short work of their first - round playoff opponent , sweeping the Cleveland Cavaliers .
This set up a second - round matchup with the New York Knicks .
The teams split the first four games , both teams protecting their home court .
In Game 5 , Chicago was poised to steal one at the Garden and head home with a chance to close it out .
The Bulls lead by one with seconds remaining .
The Bulls crowded the lane and forced Knicks point guard John Starks to kick out to Hubert Davis on the perimeter .
After Davis released the shot he was glanced by Scottie Pippen .
The borderline foul was called and Davis sunk the free throws allowing the Knicks to escape with the win and eventually the series , snapping the Bulls reign as three - time champions .
8 . Hull pockets Cup winner in Hasek 's crease
Before the 2000 season the NHL was very strict about players being in the goalie crease .
Countless goals were overturned during the season when officials determined even a toe was in the crease .
But that rule seemed to be thrown out the window in Game 6 of the 1999 Stanley Cup Finals between the Dallas Stars and Buffalo Sabers .
In the third overtime , Dallas forward Brett Hull tipped in a rebound past Buffalo goalie Dominik Hasek to give the Stars the series - clinching win .
Replays showed Hull 's foot clearly in the crease , but the goal was allowed to stand after officials viewed the replays .
The
that even though the shot was a rebound , Hull had maintained possession throughout the play , which allowed him to be in the crease .
I 'm guessing the entire population of Buffalo is n't buying it .
9. Royal blunder helps KC win ' 85 Series
The Kansas City Royals were down to their final chance .
Trailing the World Series three games to two and trailing the St. Louis Cardinals 1 - 0 heading into the bottom of ninth inning of Game 6 , Royals leadoff hitter Jorge Orta hit a grounder toward first base .
The ball was fielded by first baseman Jack Clark who tossed to Cardinals pitcher Todd Worrell for what
.
Instead Orta was ruled safe by umpire Don Denkinger .
The call started a chain of events that led to the Royals scoring two runs and winning the game .
The Royals went on to demolish the Cardinals in Game 7 , 11-0 .
10 .
You call that a throwing motion
Ah ,
.
Anyone who watches football is familiar with the concept .
We can't really blame the official for correctly applying a bad rule , but the Oakland Raiders were screwed out of a Super Bowl appearance in 2002 .
The Raiders held a 13 - 10 lead over the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship game .
Tom Brady dropped back in the pocket and started to pass when the Raiders broke through the pocket .
Brady brought the ball back to his body , even touching it with his non-throwing hand .
The Raiders defense jarred the ball loose and recovered what appeared to be the game - sealing fumble .
But after officials took a look at the reply , it was ruled that despite Brady bringing the ball back toward his body , the original intention of his motion was to pass , therefore the fumble was an incomplete pass .
New England took advantage of the second chance , tying the game with a field goal in the final minute and winning the contest of the first possession of overtime .
In a recent interview with a Spanish newspaper , famed director Woody Allen reportedly declared himself " pleased " with President Barack Obama 's presidency .
" I think he 's brilliant .
The Republican Party should get out of his way and stop trying to hurt him , " Allen explained .
Then he waded into thorny terrain by saying , " It would be good … if he could be a dictator for a few years because he could do a lot of good things quickly . "
Allen , who , one hopes , was joking , does n't speak for anyone but himself ( and perhaps Soon Yi Previn - Farrow - Allen ) yet makes a good point .
Aside from the occasional genocide , oppression , evil , and torture , etc. , it is inarguable that public policy could be implemented more rapidly in an autocracy .
Think of how many uninsured Americans we could have helped .
Think of the environmental benefits .
Democratic institutions are imperfect and chaotic , and man 's selfish behavior is constantly gumming up progress .
Just ask widely read liberal New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , who pointed out ( twice in recent months ) that despotism can be advantageous if " enlightened " tyrants ( in this case , environmentalists ) would run the show .
" One -party autocracy certainly has its drawbacks , " according to Friedman .
" But when it is led by a reasonably enlightened group of people , as China is today , it can also have great advantages . "
Of course , some form or another of Friedman 's rationale has been used in nearly every embryonic dictatorship .
Now , if only Venezuela and Sudan funded more solar farms , Friedman could embrace their progressive forms of governance , as well .
Friedman is n't alone .
The lure of enlightened autocracy is why MSNBC's Chris Matthews can casually ask , as he did on his show this week , why the oil industry has n't been nationalized yet .
It is why Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan can stand in front of the Supreme Court , as she did last year , and defend book banning ( for the administration , via bipartisan legislation ) .
The idea drives people like Donald Berwick , a professor at both Harvard Medical School and the Harvard School of Public Health and Obama 's pick to head the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
Berwick will be charged with managing government health care programs .
It is true that Berwick is smarter than you and I .
He can prove it with a hat trick of Harvard degrees .
But his advocacy for state monopolies and top - down control borders on religious zealotry .
As The American Spectator reported in 2008 , in a speech celebrating the anniversary of the U.K. 's National Health Service , Berwick asserted not only that the socialized systems were excellent but also — and you might have believed he was talking about Gandhi or , at least , Angelina Jolie — that they were " generous , hopeful , confident , joyous , and just . "
Britain 's rationing probably does n't seem exceptionally " joyous " for many of that nation 's elderly ( the evidence is not pretty ) or " generous " to those who pay a disproportionate amount of the tab .
Yet Berwick 's most revealing assertion was that he does not " believe that the individual health care consumer can enforce through choice the proper configurations of a system as massive and complex as health care .
That is for leaders to do . "
Health care choice is too complicated for you .
When you 're buying your kid medicine , for instance , you 're woefully oblivious to the " proper configurations of the system " as a whole .
This is a problem .
You 're not thinking about the group , my friend .
And seeing as Americans wrestle with an array of intricate societal systems — from energy , education , technology , food , farming , communications , finance , and so forth — we 're going to need strong leadership in a number of areas , apparently .
It seems that the negative externalities of our freewheeling ways have become too much for some of the enlightened to bear .
Progressivism is the belief that we have too much freedom with which to make too many stupid choices .
But rarely do we see it this bluntly articulated .
David Harsanyi is a columnist at The Denver Post and the author of Nanny State .
Visit his website at www.DavidHarsanyi.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 THE DENVER POST
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
In a recent interview with Wired to promote his spoken word set Unearthing , Moore claimed that DC offered him the rights to Watchmen this week , albeit with certain unsavory stipulations .
Advertisement
Here 's what Moore said to Underwire :
They offered me the rights to Watchmen back , if I would agree to some dopey prequels and sequels [...]
So I just told them that if they said that 10 years ago , when I asked them for that , then yeah it might have worked [...]
But these days I do n't want Watchmen back .
Certainly , I do n't want it back under those kinds of terms [...]
I do n't even have a copy of Watchmen in the house anymore [...]
The comics world has lots of unpleasant connections , when I think back over it , many of them to do with Watchmen .
Advertisement
However , Don Murphy , the producer of the Transformers franchise and the film adaptations of Moore 's books From Hell and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , claims that the author 's embellishing things , as Moore does n't own Watchmen — the Watchmen film got made , remember ?
Says Murphy on his website :
Alan Moore does n't OWN Watchmen .
Any of it .
DC Comics does .
It can do sequels now .
And prequels .
And any damn thing it wants .
So why would DC offer to give Alan back something in exchange for something it already owns ???? [...]
Once , many years ago , DC was going to do Watchmen figures .
They asked ALan to support them and he did .
They did this as a courtesy , not because he had any rights .
ALan THEN went mental over some other perceived slight and withdrew his support .
DC respected that and scrapped the toys .
But by the time the film came out last year , they were done with his constant whining .
They released toys , videogames , making of books , book marks and stickers .
They could give a shit about Alan Moore who had become a sad , cantankerous Grandpa raging at the shifting winds .
In any case , Watchmen controversies are so last decade .
Let 's get a new Moore - related brouhaha for 2010 , like who 's going to release a $ 150 million Lost Girls summer tent - pole flick .
" The most difficult thing for this will not be the money .
it will be getting the European authorities to figure out what they are going to do with this technology . "
PALO ALTO , CA – A new study out of Stanford University reveals that the British accent is no longer considered a positive trait for attracting sexual partners .
In a comprehensive new research study conducted jointly by the Department of Linguistics and the Department of Psychology at Stanford University , three thousand American men and women ranging in age from 18 to 54 were monitored to detect sexual arousal after hearing different foreign accents .
The study was named after Professor John Comito , who worked with Alfred Kinsey in his youth and is now a pioneer in sexual linguistics .
Each subject participating in The Comito Study was put in a mood - enhanced room ( low - lighting , soft music ) , then they were played samples of native speakers reciting simple phrases in English ( i.e. “ would you like to have dinner ? ” you look beautiful , ” “ let ’s stroll in the park , ” etc. ) .
Subjects also heard several regional accents : New York , New Jersey , Midwest , Southern , Texas , and California .
Electrodes attached to the subject monitored sexual arousal .
The results of The Comito Study surprised researchers .
Women and men have always been aroused by French and Italian accents , and women have always seemed to go “ weak in the knees ” over British accents .
No more .
While the romance languages account for the majority of accents that attract the opposite sex , the British accent is slowly losing its sex appeal .
“ Women today seem unimpressed with the British accent .
They are more attracted to accents of the more hot - blooded countries – Spain , Brazil , Greece . ”
Here are the results of The Comito Study .
The top 15 accents that caused sexual arousal in subjects :
FOR MEN
Italian French Spanish Southern Greek Irish Russian Australian Canadian Chinese Swedish Jamaican New Jersey British Dutch
FOR WOMEN
Italian Spanish French Greek Irish Dutch Swedish South African Australian Russian Canadian Cuban Southern Hungarian British
Men are slightly more attracted to the British accent than women , but that may be because TV producers regularly give the hot , female lead to British actresses .
One researcher , psychologist Jacob Vizmans speculated that it may because American men are just growing tired of American women .
His female research partners strongly disagreed with his comments and had him fired from The Comito Study .
One of the Comito researchers , Dr. Linda Masterson said , “ For decades British men have been coming to America with the idea that women will just drop their skirts when they hear their accent , and for decades it worked .
But now , American women are turned - off by the accent . ”
One subject wrote this on their data form , “ I used to like British accents because I used to think of Jude Law and James Bond , but now when I hear it all I think of is bad teeth and oil spills .
Ewww . ”
Even though the study was conducted in May of this year , researchers with the Comito Project say that the BP oil spill did not affect the findings .
Dr. Lisa Masterson , who is married to a Jamaican set designer said , “ The fact is that British accents have become … a bore . ”
In general , subjects felt that if you had an accent your chances of having sex were better than if you did n’t .
That word spread quickly on campus and since the study was released , there appears to be a lot more men at the bar with Italian accents .
Hmmm ….
The Comito Study is now expanding its research to Europe .
They want to see how effective an American accent is in creating sexual arousal in Europeans .
“ It ’s not going to be easy , Europeans do n’t always respond to an American accent with arousal . ”
We look forward to the results .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Architect Robert Noble , who specializes in sustainable design has come up with the idea of turning parking lots into " solar groves " that shade the vehicles , generate electricity , and serve as recharging stations for electric vehicles .
Noble first had the idea of large solar canopies in 2004 .
A few companies were building carports with solar panels , but Noble ’s idea went much further , and the following year he founded Envision Solar , which has since become the major developer of solar carports in the US .
It also produces what it calls the Solar Grove to shade entire parking lots .
The groves consist of large canopies covered with photovoltaic panels .
In some installations some light is allowed to filter through to the ground beneath .
Envision Solar - Shopping Center
Large - scale solar groves have already been installed at the San Diego headquarters of the Kyocera Corporation of Japan , the headquarters of Johnson & Johnson subsidiary Centacor at Horsham , Pennsylvania , and the University of California in San Diego .
The latter has two solar canopies , the Hopkins Parking Structure , which is built on the top floor of a parking garage , and the Gilman Parking Structure at one of the campus ’s busiest entrances , where it is a constant reminder of the commitment of UCSD to sustainability .
The latest project of the company , in conjunction with Coulomb Technologies , a developer of charging stations for electric and hybrid vehicles , is the Solar Tree prototype at the National Renewable Energy laboratory ( part of the Department of Energy ) in Golden , Colorado .
This pilot project covers two parking spaces and includes two AC outlets for charging plug - in hybrids or electric vehicles .
A Solar Tree consists of a solar canopy with a single pole structure , and can be part of a multi - tree structure , or a single " tree " installation in a back yard , for example .
Hopkins Parking Structure , a recent addition to the UC San Diego campus .
A large installation including two solar - to - electric vehicle charging stations has been installed at the headquarters of Dell Computers in Round Rock , Texas .
This installation includes 11 Solar Trees that generate about 131,000 kWh per year and shade 56 parking spaces .
Covering parking lots with solar groves could reduce the criticism often aimed at electric car manufacturers , that the vehicles need to use electricity that often does not come from renewable sources , and it could also reduce criticisms about excessive land use for large - scale solar power plants .
Mr Noble said that converting the “ desert of concrete parking lots ” into small power plants sidesteps both problems .
The Solar Tree at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , Colorado , is the prototype of the future .
Covering just two parking spaces , it is a pilot project that includes two integrated AC outlets for charging hybrid electric vehicles that NREL has converted into plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEV ) .
Mr Noble said it would take some time , but he hopes that in perhaps 20 years or so there could be a “ hyperconvergence ” of transport , energy and infrastructure that could lead to widespread deployment of solar canopies for parking lots .
Explore further Chicago Installs Solar Powered Charging Station for Electric Vehicles
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Image caption Police were quick to blame Maoist rebels for sabotaging the track
An Indian militia leader with links to Maoist rebels has been arrested over the derailment of a passenger train that killed some 150 people in May .
Bapi Mahato was captured as police stormed a guest - house early on Sunday .
A West Bengal police chief said Bapi Mahato would appear in court on Monday .
About 100 other people were also injured when the express was derailed in West Bengal and some carriages fell into the path of a freight train .
Police accused Maoist rebels of sabotaging the track , but Maoists denied the charge .
The rebels say they are fighting for the rights of indigenous tribespeople and the rural poor , who they say have been neglected by governments for decades .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has described the Maoist insurgency - which affects parts of several central and eastern states - as India 's biggest internal security challenge .
' Huge force '
Bapi Mahato is a top leader of the People 's Committee against Police Atrocities - a militia said to be close to Maoist rebels .
INDIA'S MAOIST INSURGENCY
Violent rebellion began in 1967 in West Bengal village of Naxalbari and spread over rural areas of central and eastern India
Led by elusive military commander Kishenji , supported by between 10,000 and 20,000 fighters
More than 6,000 killed since rebellion began
Worst attacks include 76 killed in April 2010 ambushes in Dantewada ; 55 killed in attack on police outpost in 2007 Profile : India 's Maoist rebels
In pictures : India train collision
The BBC's Subir Bhaumik says the militia is active in the Junglemahal region of West Bengal which borders Jharkhand state .
Bapi Mahato was arrested in the town of Jamshedpur , in Jharkand .
A relative accused of giving him shelter , named as Bimal Mahato , was also arrested .
" We were sure of Bapi 's location but Jharkhand police helped us in pinning him down .
They provided us a huge back - up force with which we encircled the guest house where Mahato was staying , " the officer who led the West Bengal police team , Wakkhar Raja , said .
Bapi Mahato has been named by Indian federal investigators as the mastermind behind the sabotage that led to the derailment .
A reward was offered for information leading to his arrest and that of two close associates - Umakanta Mahato and Asit Mahato , who remain at large .
Umakanta Mahato was arrested in June 2009 and charged with sedition and waging war against the state .
But he was then released on bail in December and police did not contest this , according to court records .
As you can see , permanent work did n't do so well .
The Census and other temporary jobs led the growth .
Meanwhile , construction experienced a larger contraction at 35,000 jobs lost than any gain shown for a single permanent job sector above .
This may reflect an adjustment for fewer new homes being built as buying demand declines without the government tax credit .
Discouraged job - seekers declined a bit , but remained above one million .
Here 's a chart showing the history :
The broadest measure of unemployment , " U - 6 , " improved by a half a percentage point in May , moving to 16.6 % from 17.1 % in April .
This is the percentage of unemployed plus discouraged workers , those marginally attached to the labor force , and those forced to work part time because they can't find full time work .
Unemployment duration stayed on its worrying trend in May .
The number of workers unemployed for at least 27 weeks rose by 47,000 Americans to 6,763,000 people .
The number of long - term jobless from this recession continues to shatter records .
Seasonality did n't play too big a role in this month 's data .
The adjusted rate remained above the unadjusted rate :
Expect to see it sink back below in June .
That could provide the lowest unemployment rate we 've seen in nearly a year , even with little job growth .
The unadjusted rate was 9.3 % last month .
May 's jobs report does n't provide much good news .
Employment grew , but almost entirely due to temporary Census jobs .
Meanwhile , the number of discouraged job - seekers remained high and more Americans were unemployed for at least half - a- year .
The only glimmer of positive news was that U - 6 declined half a point , but some of that is also due to Census jobs .
They now total 564,000 .
As for our polls , readers did n't do too badly this month .
17.9 % correctly guessed that 9.7 % would be the rate in May .
Meanwhile 23.1 % correctly predicted that there would be between 400,001 and 500,000 jobs added to the economy .
Note : Unless otherwise noted , all data is seasonally adjusted .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Spain is drawing up new proposals for lifting Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip as the EU scrambles to forge an effective policy following international outrage over the killing of nine pro-Palestinian Turkish activists in a " freedom flotilla " .
Miguel Moratinos , the Spanish foreign minister , is to present Madrid 's ideas to EU colleagues next Monday amid signs of disagreement between member states and demands for tougher action .
The US , Britain and the EU have all called the blockade " unsustainable " .
But Britain is warning of exaggerated expectations of what can be achieved .
" I do n't think the British government is talking about lifting the blockade , " said the Foreign Office minister for the Middle East , Alistair Burt .
" Everything is done with relatively small incremental steps .
Almost any change is potentially a change for the better . "
British officials stress the importance of Israel improving access conditions for 1.5 m
Palestinians by publishing a blacklist of banned goods and not simply stating which ones are permitted .
" That would be a fundamental shift which would enormously benefit Gaza , " said one .
Israel has rejected a French idea that EU forces would check the cargoes of ships heading for Gaza to ensure they are not carrying goods Israel would consider a security risk .
Bernard Kouchner , France 's foreign minister , called the response from Jerusalem " rather negative " .
Spain , chairing the EU 's rotating presidency , will be expected to work with Lady Ashton , the union 's foreign policy chief , diplomats said .
Another idea is the revival of the EU Border Assistance Mission at the Rafah crossing point into Egypt .
Its operations were suspended in 2007 after the takeover of Gaza by the Islamist movement Hamas , shunned by Israel and the west .
" We are seeing a sense of disarray with several voices speaking at the same time , " said Clara O'Donnell of the Centre for European Reform .
" But even if the EU is keen to help , the Israelis do not consider it reliable enough .
There is not much Europe can do until the Americans move . "
But Lord Patten , Britain 's former EU external affairs commissioner , today urges the EU to demand an immediate end to the blockade , open dialogue with Hamas , and not let the US monopolise policy .
" Today 's miserable and brutal stand - off in the Middle East requires new political initiatives , " he writes in the Guardian .
" The EU is Israel 's biggest trade partner and the largest provider of development assistance to Palestine yet it has been content to play a largely very quiet third fiddle to the US .
It is true that the US has the primary external role in the region , and that any peace settlement will require Israel 's willing agreement .
But none of this justifies the EU 's present nervous self - effacement .
This policy gives Israel carte blanche .
It makes Europe complicit in outrageous and illegal acts . "
Patten calls for the UN to be tasked with preventing weapons entering Gaza while the EU should take the initiative with Turkey and the Arab League to re-establish a national unity government of Fatah and Hamas for the West Bank and Gaza .
Britain says it has no plans to end its ban , backed by the Quartet , on contact with Hamas .
" He can be really proud of what he 's achieved . "
Thus spake Alan Hansen on Nelson Mandela before Sunday 's World Cup final , as the first democratically elected president of South Africa made his brief appearance , and the BBC pundit graciously glossed it with the same sort of platitude one might bestow upon a manager who had just reached the League One play - offs .
Admittedly , Hansen 's paean could never compete with the Spice Girls ' meeting with Mandela in 1997 , during which Geri Halliwell equated Girl Power with the anti-apartheid struggle and explained to Mandela : " I think we are all on the same level . "
But it certainly lent something to the moment .
And yet , watching the frail nonagenarian being wheeled out , surely anyone who had heard his grandson 's interview with 5 Live earlier that same morning would have found it difficult to surrender entirely to the Fifa - commanded spectacle .
" We 've come under extreme pressure from Fifa requiring and wishing that my grandfather be at the final today , " Mandla Mandela had explained , before reiterating that the family was still in mourning for the death of Mandela 's 13 - year - old granddaughter .
" They [ Fifa ] said that Sepp Blatter wished that my grandfather comes out to the final .
I think people ought to just understand the family 's traditions and customs and understand we 've had a loss in the family …
Their focus is having this world icon in the stadium , yet not really paying attention to our customs and traditions as a people and as a family . "
Even though Blatter 's ghastliness is hardly surprising , do just picture that moral pygmy guilt - tripping arguably the standout political figure of the late 20th century into attending a football match .
There can be few more eloquent testaments to the arse - about - titness of life under Fifa .
Indeed , having sat through the final he deserved , one can only fantasise about Sepp being transferred straight to a spell on Arjen Robben Island , to contemplate his organisation 's behaviour over the tournament and during the preparations for it .
Such a period of reflection is beyond unlikely .
Perhaps the most valuable of the myriad benefits afforded to Fifa is the fact that in the wake of a World Cup , the debate unfailingly centres on where the host nation goes from here .
And yet in light of the above and a host of other profoundly craw - sticking incidents , would n't it be nice if the focus switched instead to Fifa itself ?
How did football 's governing body handle itself ?
Did it earn the estimated £ 2.5 bn in tax - free profit it lifted out of the event ?
Naturally , Fifa has developed a fine line in shrugging off such inquiries .
It deploys that classic sleight of hand which allows the most self - interested authoritarians to style themselves as people 's champions – namely , it dismisses all criticism of its modus operandi as a mere chattering - class preoccupation .
What ordinary people care about , it would insist , is love of the game , its transformative powers , and the magical opportunities for escape from their ordinary little lives .
Yet having listened to irate callers to South African talk radio , and spotted several of the popular " Fick Fufa " T - shirts being worn by locals so ordinary that they certainly could n't do anything so transformative as afford a ticket to Mr Blatter 's tournament , I can't help feeling his argument wears progressively thin .
Indeed , Fifa 's invidiousness becomes somehow more pronounced when brought to bear upon a developing nation .
South African legal experts despaired that lawmakers displayed an excessive willingness to kowtow to Fifa , for instance in making unauthorised marketing a criminal offence as opposed to a civil one .
Halfway through the tournament , it was estimated that the " Fifa World Cup Courts " established to appease Zurich were costing £ 160,000 per largely petty conviction , in a country whose justice system cannot cope with the serious crimes that swamp it .
We already knew Fifa could trump a medium - sized government .
What South Africa underlined was the fact that Fifa can trump constitutional rights , cementing the organisation 's status as a sort of travelling oligarchy , enjoying all the benefits of power with none of the disadvantages , like having to provide healthcare or be remotely accountable .
Fifa 's MO is to ensure the country 's statute book has been made comfortable for its arrival , take over almost entirely for the period of time needed to siphon out the money , before pulling up anchor and moving on to the next host organism .
Naturally , we all wish Brazil the best of luck – but the time has surely come to ask who regulates the regulator .
Perhaps it 's one for the UN , assuming Fifa is n't about to take its first seat on the security council .
LYONS — “ Banzai ! ”
Steve Novak does n’t flinch as the voice screams again .
Dozens of lights flicker , yet his eyes never leave the ball hanging on his flipper in the vertical backglass of the Banzai Run pinball machine .
Soon , there are several balls in play .
Novak struggles to keep up .
The 58 - year - old nudges the machine , mut tering a sort of plea as one , two , three balls tumble down the drain .
“ That ’s called begging , ” he says as he pulls the plunger on his second ball .
“ The good guys , they never beg . ”
Novak is part of a growing tribe of pinballers — known as pinheads — who are fueling a revival of the game that was ubiquitous in the pre-video - game era of the 1970s and ’ 80s .
The game nearly plummeted into obscurity a decade ago as arcade owners were lured to zero - maintenance video games .
But today — thanks , ironically , to the Internet uniting diverse islands of pinheads — the flipper fellowship is growing .
Tournaments are thriving .
Local leagues draw players of all ages .
Flippers unite
The Mile High Pinball League has doubled in size in the past five years , with about 28 players competing every Thursday in 11 - week summer and winter seasons .
The 20 - year - old Professional Amateur Pinball Association ’s annual world championship draws 400 players , up from 150 in the early 1990s , and currently ranks almost 3,000 players in a database of 112,000 contests .
The International Flipper Pinball Association started in 2006 with 430 players and now ranks more than 7,500 players from 27 countries , including 3,400 U.S. players .
The association grows by about 2,000 players a year , says IFPA president Joshua Sharpe .
At the once - a - month tournament night at Lyons Classic Pinball , a narrow , noisy arcade packed with 40 flashing machines , some of the ball - flippers kick up their heels or slightly twist their hips as they slap shots toward tumbling castles , Balrogs , or the dragon - flamed musicians of Kiss .
Others stand stoic when points climb to tens of millions and even billions .
It ’s a return to the roots of old - school , three - dimensional games anchored in split - second reflexes .
“ When it dawned on me that this was a real skill , that ’s when it got addictive , ” says Kevin Carroll , who seven years ago ditched his plumbing gig and , with his wife , Carole , opened Lyons Classic Pinball .
“ It ’s not just random luck . ”
The Carrolls began their courtship with pinball as collectors , gathering as many as 20 machines in the basement of their Lyons home .
In 2003 , the hobby turned business as the couple opened one of Colorado ’s only pinball arcades .
The hunt for the perfect shot and the ever - elusive “ wizard mode ” — the score - soaring , multiball scenario achieved only after completing several levels of seemingly impossible tasks — can fuel a lifetime of pinballing .
It ’s a fine line , designing games that keep both experts and beginners on the flippers and pumping quarters .
“ We are always trying to achieve that balance , ” says Marc Schoenberg , spokesman for Chicago ’s Stern Pinball , which for the past 11 years has been the world ’s sole manufacturer of pinball machines .
Challenging that search for balance is the fact that most of the games
Stern now sells are heading for rec rooms in homeowner basements .
It ’s a new direction for the company , which for most of its 24 years designed and sold games destined for arcades .
“ The more we sell to homeowners , the more we want to attract a player who will enjoy at a more layman ’s level , ” Schoenberg says .
Pinball biz on the rise
While the company does n’t expect to see a return to the early 1990s , when Stern was one of several pinball manufacturers and was moving 20,000 machines a year , business , says Schoenberg , is “ strong and rising ” for the 35 - worker company .
Mike Strauss ’ career as a pinball machine repairman has thrived with the boom in home pinball machines .
“ Pinball is very expensive for operators to place on location and turn a profit because of maintenance .
Pinball machines break , ” says Strauss , who has repaired the complicated machines for 30 years yet “ ca n’t stand to play ” pinball .
“ I do enjoy working on them , though .
And Colorado has a lot of pinball machines . ”
Kevin Carroll handles most repairs himself , even soldering switches in the middle of busy tournament night .
On this night , he fires shot after shot at a wobbling Frankenstein .
A frenzy of balls floods the table .
The voice in the machine endlessly hollers “ Jackpot ” and “ Double super jackpot . ”
Carole grins watching her sweetheart in the zone .
A crowd gathers as Kevin leans closer to the machine .
“ You get in this mode where you are just connected to the ball and you just ca n’t lose , ” Novak says .
“ It ’s pretty cool to watch . ”
Watching pinball wizards marks an evangelical angle of pinball .
Once a fledgling player sees an expert in action — like Colorado ’s own Donavan Stepp , ranked 22nd in the world — the limitless potential is revealed .
That was the case for Longmont ’s Adam Lefkoff , one of Colorado ’s top 10 players .
“ You can play a game 10,000 times and on the 10,001st time you play , something new happens .
Pinball is never boring , ” Lefkoff says .
“ You progress through the game and find new features and you know the ball will eventually drain .
In that way pinball is like life .
You are going to die , so what are you going to do when the ball is in play ? ”
Jason Blevins : 303-954-1374 or jblevins@denverpost.com
Quarter - worthy
Three Kings Tavern 60 S. Broadway , Denver www.3kingstavern.com
Jason ’s Billiards 2200 S. Monaco Parkway , Denver
Lyons Classic Pinball 339 - A Main St. , Lyons www.lyonspinball.com
Moe ’s BBQ & Bowl 3295 S. Broadway , Englewood www.moesdenver.com
The Lakewood Grill 8100 W. Colfax Ave. , Lakewood myspace.com/lakewoodgrill_co
Security researchers Nick DePetrillo and Don Bailey have discovered a seven - digit numerical code that can unlock all kinds of secrets about you .
It ’s your phone number .
Using relatively simple techniques , this duo can use your cellphone number to figure out your name , where you live and work , where you travel and when you sleep .
They could even listen to your voice messages and personal phone calls — if they wanted to .
“ It ’s really interesting to watch a phone number turn into a person ’s life , ” DePetrillo said .
“ Everyone ’s taught to keep their Social Security number a secret , ” Bailey said .
“ But the phone number seems just as dangerous , if not more so . ”
The world has come a long distance from old - style telephones , which were little more than a speaker , a bell and a microphone connected to a wire .
But as smart phones become more powerful and widely used , they also become busy hubs for data , packed with a user ’s digital Rolodex , e-mails and credit card details .
Most phones are also fitted with a global positioning device that beams its location far and wide .
Taken together , this trove of personal information is valuable to both legitimate commercial companies and unwelcome intruders .
In the last several years , tens of millions of consumers have turned in their older - model cellphones in exchange for high - tech , computer - like handsets such as Apple Inc. 's iPhone , Google Inc. 's Android phones and Research in Motion Ltd. 's line of BlackBerry devices .
Used by about 21 % of mobile phone customers , smart phones are quickly gaining ground on the previous generation of simpler flip phones , and by 2011 they are likely to become the standard for most consumers , according to Nielsen Co .
DePetrillo and Bailey are part of a busy community of security researchers — some of whom are known as “ white hat ” hackers — investigating and exposing the many security holes that have yet to be plugged by smart - phone makers and their wireless carriers .
And though many of those companies take a dim view when researchers and hacker groups publicize their vulnerabilities , it ’s the public that can benefit when those problems are uncovered .
DePetrillo and Bailey were surprised at how easily they could use widely available information and existing techniques to assemble a detailed dossier on a cellphone user .
( They stress that their demonstrations are for educational purposes and that they work better on some cell networks than others . )
Once they have a phone number — yours for instance — they can easily determine your name by taking advantage of a vulnerability in the Caller ID system .
Using special software , they can “ spoof ” a call — that is , make a call that appears to the phone company as though it ’s coming from your number .
They can then call themselves using your number and watch as their Caller ID device lights up with your name .
Attackers could theoretically do this with thousands of numbers to create their own personal mobile phone book .
But it does n’t stop there : Once DePetrillo and Bailey have figured out that your name is the one associated with your number , they can query the cellular network to see where your phone is at that moment .
After enough time , this bit of digital spycraft will yield a fairly clear picture of where you go and when .
“ We can do a lot of cool things that we really should n’t be able to as civilians , ” DePetrillo said .
“ It ’s like running your own private intelligence company . ”
Representatives from AT&T and T - Mobile referred questions about the issue to the CTIA , a wireless industry association , which said U.S. wireless carriers are vigilant about protecting subscriber privacy , and questioned whether DePetrillo and Bailey ’s tracking techniques were legal .
The vulnerabilities in the networks that track phones and connect calls are mirrored by security weaknesses in the phones themselves , one of which is the software they run .
All of the major smart - phone makers have created online markets where users can download any of tens of thousands of small programs — called apps .
On the iPhone , there ’s the App Store ; for Google Android , there ’s the Android Marketplace ; and for BlackBerry , there ’s the App World .
Those stores have varying levels of policing .
Apple certifies the security of every app it approves for its store — there are now 250,000 of them — but acknowledges that some malicious apps can occasionally sneak through .
RIM and Google largely leave users to protect themselves from the bad guys .
Tyler Shields , a computer security researcher who specializes in mobile phones , likes to show off a nasty little application he wrote called TXSBBSPY .
The “ TXS ” part is his initials .
“ BB ” is for BlackBerry .
And the “ SPY ” is for the way his program can turn your device into a mobile surveillance station , with you as the target .
Once installed on your BlackBerry , Shields ’ app would let him read your text messages , listen to your voice mails and even turn on your phone ’s mic while it ’s in your pocket .
Though Shields ’ app is intended to be a case study on BlackBerry security , he said an attacker could easily hide similar features in an app masquerading as something else , like a program to do online banking .
If a user unwittingly downloaded the phony banking app , his or her device could quickly become compromised .
Because smart phones are only a few years old , Shields said , the art of smart - phone defense is still catching up to where the PC has been for years .
“ We ’re still in the late ‘90s when it comes to security on mobile devices , ” Shields said .
“ It ’s akin to the older days before people knew to put antivirus software or firewalls on their computers . ”
For their part , RIM and Google say they have built some precautions into their phones to help users determine whether an app is legitimate .
BlackBerry phones offer a set of controls that allow users to prevent apps from accessing some of the device ’s functions — such as its messaging and telephony features .
Similarly , before a user loads an app from Google ’s Android store , the device will display a list of the data to which it has access .
If a tick - tack - toe game is asking to access your text messages , that could be a warning sign .
Google , RIM and Apple all say they remove offending apps from their stores when they become aware of violations .
Still , they say , it ’s up to users to be vigilant when downloading apps — and to judge whether they ’re coming from a trusted software maker .
Charles Miller , the principal security analyst at Independent Security Evaluators in Baltimore , stressed that common sense is often the best defense against malicious attacks .
“ For 10 years , people have been told all of these things you should do to protect your computer :
Do n’t click on links in e-mails and only go to sites you trust , ” he said .
“ People tend to forget those when you ’re on your phone . ”
david.sarno@latimes.com
If there is a God , she 's surely bewildered by the apparent determination of the human race to ignore the deafening wake - up call she 's recently sent our way .
As wake - up calls go , it 's hard to beat the BP oil spill .
The relentless gush of oil into the Gulf of Mexico for the past 85 days , captured live on camera , should be enough to finally force us to look critically at the deeply flawed concepts that have become the guiding ideologies of our times -- starting with unbridled capitalism , and its elevation of economic gain above the very sustainability of the Earth we inhabit .
Another dominant creed that cries out for rethinking is blind faith in technology and the human ability to solve any problem .
For weeks now we 've listened to TV commentators explain how enormously tricky it is to cap a tiny opening 1,500 meters below sea level in the dark -- almost as hard as finding a needle in a haystack .
Good point .
But should n't that thorny little problem have been worked out before drilling began down there ?
Despite an environmental crisis of unknown and unknowable proportions , the ideology that allowed it to happen has proved resistant to change -- just as it did in the face of the Wall Street meltdown , another devastating consequence of unbridled capitalism .
Among other things , the BP gusher ( and the Wall Street crash ) show that the corporate sector has become so powerful in recent decades that even catastrophic consequences - accompanied by public outrage -- are no longer sufficient to block its profits - before - all agenda .
The 1979 nuclear accident at Three Mile Island did n't kill anybody , but it shocked the public , and pushed the nuclear industry onto the defensive .
For 25 years , the industry laid low , and governments did n't dare approve new nuclear plants .
There 's no such humility on the part of Big Oil today ; even as the worst - ever maritime environmental disaster unfolded , BP CEO Tony Hayward went yachting .
Corporate lobbies now have such clout , with politicians and the media so submissive , that a calamity like the BP oil gusher happens -- and nothing really changes .
Here in Canada , while regulations for offshore drilling are being reviewed , it 's still pretty much business as usual .
Last week , the Newfoundland and Labrador Offshore Petroleum Board actually invited bids for new deepwater exploration licenses .
And a Chevron - led consortium has just begun drilling off Newfoundland 2,600 metres below sea level , setting a record for deepest offshore drilling in Canada -- fully 1,100 metres deeper and darker than where BP has had such trouble finding a needle in the haystack .
Canadian politicians insist that Canada 's waters are suitably regulated .
But last December , in response to extensive industry lobbying , the Harper government actually relaxed offshore drilling rules , giving the industry more flexibility in ensuring safeguards against oil spills .
The BP gusher is seen by Ottawa , not as a wake - up call , but as a fresh marketing opportunity for Alberta 's oilsands , which are now preposterously being pitched as a " safe " land - based alternative .
Similarly , the nuclear power industry sees a new opening - even though no one has yet figured out how to get rid of radioactive nuclear waste , which may remain dangerous for a million years , according to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences .
Not to worry .
The waste is being stored in secure containers , and if some of it were to escape ... well , we 'd figure something out .
Linda McQuaig is author of It 's the Crude , Dude : War , Big Oil and the Fight for the Planet .
Israel 's Mistake German Minister Denied Entry to Gaza Strip
German Development Minister Dirk Niebel was denied entry to the Gaza Strip on Sunday .
Once again , it would seem , Israel has failed to strike the correct diplomatic tone .
And it shows that the country cannot deal with criticism .
If you 're a Twitter user ( and the Guardian is very likely to assume you are ) , you will have been unable to avoid many angry geeks filling your timeline with tweets about the digital economy bill that was recently , ah , pushed through the Commons after a brief sojourn in the Lords .
And so a debate that was initially concerning because of the impositions it placed on internet users quickly became about the problems of the parliamentary process , a change of focus I 'm sure the BPI and Conservative party were very happy about .
While we should be filled with righteous ire over how this has trampled on our rosy conceptions of how parliament should work ( which has been covered more than amply elsewhere on Cif ) , we should not forget the reasons the government so desperately want this bill to go through .
They genuinely , deeply , believe they are helping the " content industries " .
Wait .
The " creative industries . "
Modern uses of copyrighted material are more varied than we could ever legislate for , and some people are getting away with iniquitous business models while others are unfairly penalised for having great ideas that threaten established business models .
The intractability of these problems has been ignored at the convenience of protecting the " creative industries " .
Creative industries that many of us who work in creative businesses find increasingly hard to recognise .
Those creative industries are quoting losses of hundreds of millions of pounds , based on the deeply flawed assumption that every download is a lost sale , and that is assuming they 're able to know how many illegal downloads are really happening .
Creative industries that , despite these spurious losses ( data from the Official Charts Company shows that sales of single tracks in 2009 have now surpassed the previous all - time record of 115.1 m , set in 2008 ) , can afford lobbyists in the finest Saville Row suits .
Let 's face it : the record industry for one is no longer in the business of creating .
It succeeded in growing through creating demand , and then creating artificial supply problems .
In the conventional music recording industry , whole departments are dedicated to getting airtime on popular radio stations , arranging incredible advances to cover recording studio costs and tying artists into five - album contracts that can be traded between labels .
Meanwhile , bands are sitting in garages , recording singles on their Macs , publishing their music on MySpace and selling albums for as much as people are prepared to pay .
They still desperately want recording contracts , but the economics are slowly moving in favour of the artists , not the middle men .
The digital economy bill is driven by incompetence , not malice .
Ably assisted by a three - line whip .
And what justified incompetence !
The copyright situation in this country is utterly confusing .
Parts of the bill that have solid commercial sense behind them , such as clause 43 , interact with so many other laws and precedents that it will be impossible to find a solution to the orphan works problem without annoying some group of creators .
This week alone , both Labour and the Conservatives put out a campaign poster that violated copyright principles .
Even the ( putative ) communications director of the BPI was found on Twitter advocating copyright abuse the same day as the vote on the digital economy bill .
Truth is we are n't going to catch up to new uses of copyright , whether they be innovative new business models or egregious violations of other people 's rights .
The game is changing too fast to try and add legislation to cover every eventuality .
Simpler will be better than complex , and copyright will have to be simplified to be usable .
This is what every creator , creative business and politician should be striving for : a modern copyright system that rewards creative people , creates a plethora of new business models , supports old industries in modernising and is focused not on criminalising consumers , but empowering producers .
Instead , the passing of the digital economy bill has made a stark choice clear : we can prop up the big record labels for another five years by criminalising a generation , or we can enthusiastically support a creative economic renaissance by providing a framework for reuse , remixing and fair use of creative products .
i Phone customers are struggling to install Apple ’s latest software patch and have been grumbling about the problems on Cupertino ’s support forums .
The company released its iOS 4.0.1 update yesterday , and immediately some users began complaining that they could n’t successfully install it on their iPhones .
“ On a Win7 PC .
Plugged the iPhone 4 in this morning and told there 's an update .
Ran it , and it errored during the install - I now have a brick .
Now had to do a full restore , and I guess I 'll have to try again , ” wrote a UK punter with the handle DiscoRobbo on Apple ’s forum this morning .
“ So far I 've had to restore to factory settings ( successfully and now on 4.0.1 ) , but now the phone is having to resync ALL my data - which will take a while , ” DiscoRobbo added later .
Many customers have been reporting firmware problems with the update , which keeps spewing out ‘ error 9 ’ messages .
i Phone customer PaulDev said that an Apple rep gave him the following explanation for what had gone wrong .
“ Error 9 : This error occurs when the device unexpectedly drops off of the USB bus and communication stops .
This can occur if the device is manually disconnected during the restore process .
This issue can be resolved by performing USB isolation troubleshooting , using a different USB dock connector cable , trying another USB port , restoring on another computer , or by eliminating conflicts from third - party security software . ”
PaulDev took a sarcastic swipe at Apple .
“ Maybe you touched the USB cable in the lower left corner .
‘ Do n't hold it that way ’ , okay ?
Apparently flaky mobile signals were n't enough , with 4.01 , they 've upgraded wired connections to have the same brilliant reliability was wireless , ” he said .
Having read the forum gripes some decided to altogether steer clear of Apple ’s update .
“ After reading 8 pages of #applefail I think I will hold off updating for now and wait for today 's press conference .
Pls note however my apple bumper does not solve the reception drop issue , ” said georgeyoung on Apple ’s forum .
Apple has remained characteristically quiet about this latest in a series of complaints from unhappy fanbois disappointed with their iPhone 4 devices .
The company will be holding a press conference later today about the iPhone 4 .
It 's been reported that Apple wo n't be recalling the slinky beast , despite the antenna problems that may have prompted the quick iOS 4.0.1 update release yesterday . ®
“ Unfortunately , neither of them sought to see ( Lovemore ) and the best interpretation of events is that by then Faith was dead or dying because there would be no other reason why the husband of the defendant was so intensely engaged in prayer , ” Mr Farmer said .
Are you strong enough to defeat the guards and henchman in Sword Art Online ?
Do whatever it takes to escape from this hell !
Play Now !
It 's important to pace yourself when on a geek quest of any sort , and this is especially true of those that , like mine , present a certain amount of personal risk .
Having last week eaten a ( beef ) hamburger wrapped in 10 slices of ( pork ) bacon , I felt it wise to wait a week before attempting another such feat of consumption .
I had read online about several people , over the past five years or so , trying their hand at a burger made out of ground bacon , with no other meat included .
I had n't intended to try it until later in my Great Bacon Odyssey , but several people suggested it after last week 's triumph , so I started thinking about it more and more .
Then it occurred to me :
In order to be truly worthy of me , and of the GeekDad name that means so much to me , my quest would have to take me beyond what other people have already done .
And to make that possible , I would first have to prove that I was serious .
I would have to conquer the bacon burger .
First , I needed to figure out how many slices I would need .
I wanted to use the uncured bacon again , with no dry rub or any such thing , because I knew that if I were to have a prayer of eating the whole thing , I would need the burger to have as little salt in it as possible .
I wanted a burger weighing about one - third of a pound , but I do n't have a kitchen scale .
The package had 22 slices and , according to the package , weighed 12 ounces .
Assuming all slices were cut uniformly ( which appeared to my eye to be the case ) , each slice weighed about 0.55 ounces .
That would mean 10 slices ( after rounding up ) , because 1/3 of a pound is about 5.33 ounces .
But I wanted the burger 's cooked weight to be 1/3 of a pound , not its raw weight , and of course bacon loses a lot of fat during cooking .
A little research indicated that the likelihood was that my bacon would lose about half of its weight during cooking .
That seemed a bit high to me , especially since the bacon I 'd bought had a good percentage of meat in each slice , so I figured starting with 19 slices , for a weight of 10.45 ounces , would cover me .
I wanted to cook the burger under the broiler , as I did with the bacon - wrapped burger last week , on a rack set over a Pyrex dish to allow the rendered fat to drain .
Having read about the difficulties people making such burgers have had keeping them together , I decided to add one large egg to the food processor along with the 19 slices of bacon .
I ground the bacon and the egg together , then , using my hands , pulled the mixture out and used a hamburger press to make a burger .
It is possible that my hands have been greasier at some point in my life , but if so I have ( fortunately ) forgotten it .
I was not quite prepared for the raw burger to look like pure fat , and I must admit that it did n't look very appealing .
But it was for science , so I soldiered on !
I put the burger on the rack - Pyrex assembly and slid it under the broiler .
Having learned a lesson from last week , I turned the stove exhaust fan to high immediately .
I peeked in on it as it cooked , and it seemed to be cooking nicely , with tons of little fat bubbles sizzling on top .
After seven minutes or so , I took it out to turn it over , and was pleased how easily it flipped .
Five minutes later , it looked done , so I took the temperature of the inside ( you need to be careful with pork , of course ) , and it registered at 160 degrees Fahrenheit , so out it came .
Now it looked like food , and smelled delicious .
For the rest of the story , I give you a video ( below ) , shot by my lovely wife Jen using my iPhone 4 .
In this video you will see me eat the entire burger , with the exception of two bites I let my kids have , because what kind of a geek dad would I be if I did n't let them try it ?
With a Dogfish Head 90 - Minute IPA to wash it down and some mustard to cut the fatty taste , it was enjoyable for a while .
After about half of it , it became more of an effort to keep eating , as you 'll see , but I did it , and could certainly have managed to eat the bites my kids took .
Note :
If you should notice a whirring sound in the video , that 's the fan behind my head , blowing out the window to clear some of the smoke from the cooking out of the house .
Would I recommend it ?
Reservedly , yes , but mostly because afterward you can honestly say you 've eaten a burger made out of bacon , and not many people can say that .
If you do n't care about the " honor " of it , I suggest sharing it with at least one other person , because it 's not likely you 'll actually want to eat more than half .
I suggest uncured bacon so the salt does n't make your blood pressure spike .
Cook it the way I did unless you want it to bathe in its own fat as it cooks .
Oh , yes , and wash it down with something with a bite to it , because otherwise the taste of the bacon fat will likely overwhelm your palate .
As I promised , the awesome folks at ThinkGeek will send a $ 25 gift certificate to the first person who suggested the bacon burger to me .
As far as I can tell , that person is dyarbrough , who left a comment on last week 's post .
If you think you suggested it to me before July 6 , please send me an email before the end of the day and I 'll check on it .
And please keep those ideas coming !
There are many more posts to come , and more gift certificates to earn .
See the Flickr set of the preparation and cooking .
Read all the Great Bacon Odyssey articles .
( And check out the awesome crocheted bacon slice my awesome wife made for me ! )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS_WgAwKDew
I bet you think you know where I ’m going with this .
You think I ’m going to trash this product and talk about how dumb it is .
You think I ’m going to be a total jerk and tear it apart because I have a bitter , negative demeanor which is going to cause me to die alone and spend my late adult life in the Petco sale aisle .
You know what ?
You ’re right .
This is ridiculously stupid .
Not because it ’s not always a great time to enjoy bacon .
I get the impulse to enjoy the taste of bacon at every turn .
Bacon is pretty much the best tasting thing there is .
Sorry Cow Tails .
Bacon wins .
There are times when I ’ll be eating Canadian bacon and I ’ll wish it tasted more like bacon bacon .
This is just making me wonder how bad a vagina must taste for someone to think this was going to crush it out there in the lube market .
Are guys really that hard up to make vaginas palatable ?
I mean , it ’s a vagina , not iHop .
Lower your expectations already .
I ’m not saying vaginas taste like funnel cake or anything .
I know that much .
I know my vagina is n’t going to win Top Chef , but guys , is it so bad that the synthetic cherry , strawberry , and grape just is n’t enough ?
I mean , ca n’t you chew a stick of gum or something ?
OOH !
Idea .
What if someone started making vagina flavored gum to get you guys used to the taste so you were n’t such a pansy about it to the point of needing to make vaginas taste like fucking bacon ?
Skymall , get on it .
Hop to .
The real issue here is that if you use this product , a vagina is n’t going to taste like bacon .
It ’s going to taste like a bacon infused vagina .
That ’s just math .
Some things just do n’t go together .
Like peanut butter is great .
GREAT .
Mayonnaise is great .
Peanut butter and mayonnaise together ?
Total disaster .
Two amazingly delicious things are n’t good together , so imagine what a delicious thing and not - so - delicious thing is going to yield .
Sadness .
Sarah Jessica Parker and Robert Downey Jr. did n’t work out as a couple , okay ?
I think I ’ve made my point .
Sorry .
I ’m trying to make this short .
I know I get insane .
Folks .
I care about you .
I care about your oral sex lives and ladies , I care about your vaginas and the random things people are trying to smear on them .
And this fried pork vagina sauce has me in a fucking tizzy .
Does it really taste like bacon ?
Or is it more of a weird plastic , chemical -y salty grossness ?
I mean , if this really tastes like actual bacon , I ’d probably turn gay and spend the rest of my life at Lilith Fair .
Sigh .
Honest confession ?
I do n’t want the bar set too high for the flavor of my vagina .
I do n’t want to date a guy after he ’s dated some girl who is getting all cute lathering up with bacon flavor making her vagina all delicious .
I ca n’t follow that .
Ladies , let ’s all get on the same team here please .
By analyzing the DNA of the world 's oldest people , Boston University scientists said Thursday they have discovered a genetic signature of longevity .
They expect soon to offer a test that could let people learn whether they have the constitution to live to a very old age .
The researchers , who studied more than 1,000 people over the age of 100 , identified a set of 150 unique genetic markers that , taken together , are linked to extreme longevity .
They acknowledged they did n't know all the genes involved , nor their exact function ...
Memory is expensive , and every character we could possibly ever want to use fits in eight bits , so of course strings are sequences of eight - bit characters .
A tree is the most obvious representation of a programming language within a compiler or interpreter , so of course a programming language which should allow manipulation of the language by mere users should use the textual form of its tree representation .
Programmers can make mistakes with complex language features so of course removing those features will prevent mistakes .
Sometimes writing fast programs requires low - level access to memory so of course you can write this new language just like you wrote its predecessor .
Portable programs can be useful so of course it 's important that you never leave the comfortable confines of the virtual machine and standard library or image .
Beating Microsoft is essential to our success so of course we do n't have time to think through the implications of our language 's design .
Bad programs often have poor indentation so of course enforced indentation will make people write good programs .
Perl 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 were great replacements for awk , sed , and shell programs , so of course the everything - goes , loosey - goosey approach to strictness is the right default for Perl 5 .
From this I conclude that language designers are as good at predicting the future as anyone else : not very .
Microsoft has shown off its " virtual human " that reacts to a person 's emotions , body movements and voice .
Milo , as he is known , is designed for use with the firm 's hands - free Xbox 360 motion controller called Kinect .
The technology is the brainchild of veteran UK games designer Peter Molyneux .
" I want to introduce a new revolution in storytelling , " he told the TED ( Technology , Entertainment and Design ) Global conference in Oxford .
" Films , TV , even hallowed books , are just rubbish because they do n't involve me , " he said .
" It 's a sea of blandness . "
Mr Molyneux said that he wanted to create a character " that seemed alive , that would look me in the eyes , and feel real " .
Hidden technology
Milo was first shown off in a demo at the E3 expo in 2009 , but has not been seen since .
" There was a huge row online about that with people saying ' this can't be real ' , " Mr Molyneux said .
The live demonstration used Microsoft 's soon - to - be released Kinect controller , which uses a series of sensors , cameras and microphones to interpret a player 's intentions .
Image caption Peter Molyneux 's first game was a text - based business simulation game in 1984
The demo was conducted by an assistant , who showed Milo exploring a garden , learning to skim stones and finally confiding in him after being told off by his parents .
" We 're changing the mind of Milo constantly , " he said .
" No two people 's Milos can be the same - you are actually sculpting a human being .
Some of the things you are doing will change the course of his life . "
Mr Molyneux said Milo had been built using artificial intelligence developed by his firm Lionhead studios , along with technology that was " hidden in the dusty vaults of Microsoft " .
He said the system exploited psychological techniques to make a person feel that Milo was real .
In addition , software allowed " complete control " over subtle facial elements such as blushing and even the diameter of Milo 's nostrils , which he said could denote stress .
" Most of it is just a trick - but it is a trick that actually works , " he said .
During the demonstration , the player egged Milo on to squash a snail in the garden .
Mr Molyneux said that commands such as these were interpreted by Milo using voice - recognition software along with a database that attempted to interpret the players intonation and meaning .
These seemingly inconsequential events could also impact on Milo 's later life and development in the game , he said .
The demonstration showed the initial stages of the game , where players learn to interact with Milo .
" After three - quarters of a hour , he recognises you , " said Mr Molyneux .
" I can promise you that if you are sitting in front of this screen , that is a truly wonderful moment . "
He said that the later stages of the game , which were not shown , allowed a player to explore the landscape with Milo more freely .
" There are lots of adventures - some of which are quite dark , " he said .
At the moment , the technology is still in development and Microsoft has no plans to release it , he said .
However , he hinted that the game was designed to be used for millions of people and therefore could one day become a commercial product .
" His mind is based in the cloud , " he told the audience .
" As millions of people use it , Milo will get smarter . "
' Good news '
Mr Molyneux showed off the technology at TED Global ( Technology , Entertainment and Design ) , the European version of an established US event .
The invitation - only conferences explore " ideas worth spreading " and have featured talks by the former UK prime minister Gordon Brown and Nobel laureates as well as lesser - known technologists and designers .
This theme of this year 's event is , " and now the good news " .
" Good news has become a near - extinct species , " said Bruno Giussani , European director of TED at the opening of the conference .
" But if you dig deeper , there is new technology , new science , new art , new ways of collaborating that offer a more hopeful view of the future . "
Invited speakers at this year 's TED include a voting system designer , a women 's rights activist , a green chef and a physicist who runs a lab that aims to allow anyone to make almost anything .
Each is given 18 minutes in front of the audience .
This year 's conference runs from 13 to 16 July in Oxford , UK .
Feedback , please : HTML5 layers in Photoshop ?
Let ’s start by acknowledging that A ) I ’m possibly totally crazy , and B ) what I ’m describing may well never happen .
I want , however , to present an idea that you might find interesting .
Whether it ’s worth pursuing is up to you .
[ Update : Fireworks fans , please see this quick note . ]
What if Photoshop implemented native HTML as a layer type ?
Just like the app currently supports special layer types for text , 3D , and video , it could use the WebKit engine ( which CS5 already embeds ) to display HTML content .
Among other things you ’d get pixel - accurate Web rendering ( text and shapes ) ; the ability to style objects via CSS parameters ( enabling effects like dotted lines ) ; data - driven 2D and 3D graphics ; and high fidelity Web output ( HTML as HTML ) .
On a really general level , I ’m proposing that Photoshop enable programmable layers , opening the door to things like much smarter objects –everything from intelligently resizing buttons ( think 9 - slice ) to smart shapes as seen in FreeHand and Fireworks .
If this sounds interesting , please read on in this post ’s extended entry .
For a real - world example , let ’s say that Finn ( designer ) and Henry ( coder ) are collaborating on the design of a Web site .
Here ’s how I ’d imagine their interactions :
Finn comes up with a design for a great new UI elements ( e.g. a calendar ) .
He creates the artwork in Photoshop but does n’t try to get into assigning behaviors to it .
Instead he hands the assets to Henry .
Henry uses an HTML editor to turn art into art + logic .
( You do not use Photoshop for writing code . )
This will now be the standard calendar implementation they ’ll use many times over .
Henry puts the widget into a location that Finn can browse from within Photoshop ( e.g. via a Library panel or Mini Bridge ) .
Finn can now drag instances of this widget onto PSDs .
When he resizes it , it does whatever the right thing is according to its rules ( e.g. popping open to reveal a second month ) .
Photoshop should be good at editing appearances , not at tweaking code .
If Finn wants to re-skin the calendar , he can do one of two things :
Pop open the graphical pieces , editing them just as one would edit bitmaps linked from any other piece of HTML .
Use the Photoshop properties inspector to tweak whatever parameters Henry has chosen to expose .
We could possibly also enable parametric editing of CSS values , using a UI much like the one in Dreamweaver .
Upon finishing a design , Finn can hand it off and keep code intact .
That is , instead of Photoshop delivering a picture of something , it would actually emit the thing itself .
A critical distinction is that it would not be trying to generate code ; rather , it would be simply giving you back your code with whatever parametric tweaks you permitted ( scale , CSS values ) .
As for “ intelligent ” artwork–shapes that contain internal logic–here are some examples :
Buttons that automatically resize to match text contents .
A rectangle knowing that it ’s a rectangle , such that it can correctly preserve the radii of rounded corners ) .
A scrollbar featuring scroll arrows & a scroll thumb , where the thumb moves / scales appropriately as the scrollbar is resized .
Arrowheads that can scale and orient themselves according to path size & direction .
Gradients that can be made to fit object boundaries .
Objects that include multiple states ( e.g. buttons that can be set to “ enabled ” or “ disabled ” ) .
A tab bar that automatically grows / shrinks / hides content based on overall dimensions .
Desired characteristics :
It should be easy to add instances of objects , either by choosing items from a list ( e.g. a library ) or by drawing them directly on canvas .
It should be easy to modify objects by directly interacting with them on canvas ( e.g. free transforming ; clicking a point and dragging to modify a corner radius ) .
It should be similarly easy to modify objects through a properties inspector ( e.g. changing number of nodes in a shape ; changing the values or data source of text fields ) .
The set of objects should be easily extensible .
You want to go to Y! UI or Ajax Rain and grab some great accordion ?
Done : now that ’s an intelligent element in Photoshop , and its developer could easily define the set of parameters she ’d like to expose in the properties inspector .
With HTML we’d be embracing an open , and open - ended , system .
Instead of trying to make just nicer rounded rectangles , or some other closed handful of objects , Photoshop would be ingesting whatever components one can develop for a modern Web browser .
We ’d get various advantages like network awareness ( e.g .
I could pull data feeds into a live chart on a layer , or maybe embed a Flickr query or a Google map ) plus Web - browser - standard text rendering .
As things like the Canvas tag grow richer , so too will what these layers can display .
Who says they have to be limited to showing simple widgets ?
Why could n’t one create a particle system - based drawing tool that plugs into PS ?
Note that HTML layers are by no means the only way to enhance Photoshop ’s design chops , and we know that there are plenty of other improvements ( adding type styles , improving vector drawing tools , etc. ) to be made .
If you like this idea , though , please speak up ; same goes if you think it would be a waste of time .
We ’d be grateful for your comments below , and I ’ve posted a two - question survey to gather quick feedback .
Thanks ,
J .
Posted by John Nack at 8:36 PM on June 01 , 2010
O’Brien has taken care of friends , too , finding jobs for the children of his Boston College football teammate , for a friend who ran a fur shop , for a former plasterer friendly with Cahill , and promoting two probation officers who moonlight as bartenders at a Northampton pizza joint frequented by one of his top deputies .
Along the way , O’Brien ’s family has also benefited .
O’Brien ’s agency now employs at least 250 friends , relatives , and financial backers of politicians and top court officials , the Spotlight review found , including children of US Representative William D. Delahunt , former mayor Raymond L. Flynn of Boston , and former Senate president William M. Bulger .
The agency has also hired House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo ’s godson , who , at 28 , is now the youngest chief probation officer in Massachusetts .
After 12 years in charge , Jack O’Brien has transformed the Probation Department from a national pioneer of better ways to rehabilitate criminals into an organization that functions more like a private employment agency for the well connected , the Spotlight Team has found .
Rush ’s quick exit gave O’Brien a second chance to take the advice of Judge Kathleen E. Coffey , who recommended Kennedy for the job .
Instead , O’Brien chose another politically connected candidate : a veteran probation officer who has donated $ 2,100 to Treasurer Timothy P. Cahill , an O’Brien ally who employs O’Brien ’s wife and one of his daughters .
The top judge in West Roxbury warned O’Brien that Rush was not up to the task , and his two - year tenure turned out to be a fiasco .
Rush clashed with five female employees who alleged that he threw tantrums , tossed papers at them , and slammed the door in one woman ’s face .
He abruptly retired in September 2006 , leaving behind a sex and race discrimination lawsuit filed by two of the women , but taking home a boost in his pension thanks to his late - career promotion .
But , in the closed world of the Massachusetts Probation Department , dazzling credentials scarcely matter .
Probation Commissioner John J. “ Jack ’’ O’Brien chose the 73 - year - old father of a state legislator instead , doing a favor for then - House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran , one of O’Brien ’s key political mentors , who said he sought the promotion for James J. Rush as a “ capstone ’ ’ to the man ’s 41 - year probation career .
By any measure , Deirdre I. Kennedy was an outstanding candidate for chief probation officer at West Roxbury District Court .
A Wellesley College graduate with two master ’s degrees , Kennedy was a streetwise veteran of the Dorchester courthouse who spoke fluent Spanish .
She was also a proven leader who had run an antidomestic violence program that won nearly $ 8 million in federal grants .
This story was reported by The Globe Spotlight Team , reporters Scott Allen , Marcella Bombardieri , Andrea Estes , and editor Thomas Farragher .
It was written by Allen .
He also says managers ’ pay has been frozen since 2004 .
But he did not note that the freeze does n’t apply to increases based on seniority or promotions .
In fact , most managers ’ pay has increased since 2004 , including O’Brien ’s own salary , which rose from $ 116,241 to $ 130,305 .
O’Brien , who agreed to only one half - hour telephone interview with the Spotlight Team , denies that his budget has soared compared with others .
He argues that changes in the court budget process in 2004 make comparisons to earlier years impossible .
Since 2004 , however , O’Brien ’s budget has grown more than twice as fast as other court offices ’ .
But it ’s clear that the Probation Department ’s friends in the Legislature have delivered :
The department ’s budget grew more than 160 percent from 1998 to 2008 , a period in which other public safety agencies ’ spending increased by 20 percent or less , according to a recent report by the nonprofit Boston Foundation .
The largesse has enabled the department to pay 79 managers at least $ 100,000 annually and to give pay increases in 2010 to 43 of its 100 best - paid employees amid a budget crisis .
“ All that I expect . . . is that they will do a good job , ’’ wrote Petrolati .
He also pointed out that he does n’t vote on the department ’s budget because his wife works for the agency .
Petrolati for weeks declined requests for an interview , and went so far at one point as to evade a reporter who visited him in Ludlow .
Last week , in an e-mail response to Globe questions , he denied that he has undue influence over the Probation Department , saying that he recommends only people he believes are qualified .
“ Tommy can get whatever he wants as long as Tommy delivers on the budget , ’’ said a Petrolati confidant who said Petrolati gets first crack at finding candidates for probation jobs throughout Western Massachusetts .
Since 2002 , Petrolati has collected twice as much in campaign contributions from probation employees as any other legislator , according to campaign finance records .
And O’Brien ’s former deputy commissioner , William H. Burke III , planned to help Petrolati raise even more last week as master of ceremonies at his annual fund - raiser .
No legislator has reaped greater benefit from the pattern of hiring than state Representative Thomas M. Petrolati , the third - ranking House member who is regarded by many members of the Western Massachusetts legislative delegation as the “ king of patronage ’’ in courthouses west of Worcester .
Under O’Brien , the Probation Department has provided jobs for Petrolati ’s wife , a former staffer , the husband of his legislative aide , and literally dozens of Springfield - area residents who have donated money to Petrolati .
O’Brien ’s agency hired his daughter Genevieve , despite a warning that he might be violating the court system ’s rules against nepotism .
That gave O’Brien ’s immediate family two jobs at the Probation Department , including his own , and two more under Cahill with a combined annual income of $ 260,000 .
■ Lax oversight of the collection of fines and court costs paid by probationers has left the department , which handles more than $ 70 million a year in cash , vulnerable to theft .
The Spotlight Team has learned that the state ’s trial court , after an embezzlement scandal in the Lawrence probation office , has identified five other probation offices that have multiple deficiencies in the way they handle and account for funds .
A cashier at a sixth office , in Stoughton , resigned in August after allegedly stealing thousands in court - ordered payments from offenders .
Parente said she has repeatedly helped Jackson throughout her career in the department .
The former lawmaker said she does not recall whether she lobbied for her relative ’s promotion .
“ I was always careful about the conflict - of - interest law , ’’ Parente said .
“ I truly ca n’t remember what I did for her . ’’
Jackson said that when she called Parente , the lawmaker said she felt guilty to have lobbied for her relative , who initially was ranked in the middle of the pack of candidates .
“ The fix was in , ’’ said Jackson .
“ If you do n’t know anyone , you ’re not going anywhere . ’’
■ Promising candidates who do n’t have political connections are routinely passed over to make way for the politically wired .
O’Brien , for example , did n’t promote veteran probation officer Karen Jackson to assistant chief probation officer in 2005 , even though she was the unanimous first choice of a hiring committee at Milford District Court that included the local judge and Jackson ’s boss , a chief probation officer .
Instead , O’Brien hired the grandniece of then - State Representative Marie J. Parente .
Since the Legislature , at Finneran ’s urging , transferred power over hiring from judges to O’Brien in 2001 , Probation Department employees ’ donations to legislative campaigns have more than doubled , a Spotlight Team analysis shows , rising from $ 23,413 in 2002 to more than $ 55,000 in 2008 .
Most of the money goes to just 10 powerful legislators , including DeLeo , Petrolati , and two others who have immediate family members working for the department .
■ The department is beset by a “ pay to play ’’ mentality in which ambitious employees , whether qualified or not , make campaign contributions to key politicians in hopes of advancing their careers .
“ You ’ve got to have political juice , ’’ complained one probation officer who was passed over for promotion in favor of a less experienced but politically connected candidate .
While O’Brien ’s reign has been rewarding for top legislators and his inner circle , the pervasive intrusion of politics and favoritism has , according to interviews with a broad array of Probation Department personnel , badly damaged the morale of an agency with a big job to do : supervising tens of thousands of those convicted of drunken driving , sex offenses , and other crimes who are serving their sentences in the community .
A six - month investigation by the Spotlight Team also found that :
Losapio did not respond to multiple messages left at her home and office .
O’Brien ’s office said the matter was “ fully investigated , resulting in the appropriate action . ’’
“ How on Monday through Friday from 8 to 4 can you sit down and try to guide a probationer , try to straighten their lives out . . . and then go run with them at night ? ’’
McGinn said in a recent interview .
McGinn , now Worcester ’s deputy police chief , said his investigators believe Losapio continues to associate with known criminals .
The Worcester district attorney ’s office said it found no probable cause to prosecute Losapio , but then - Detective Captain Edward J. McGinn Jr. wrote to O’Brien that “ she is not a suitable person to serve this community as a probation officer . ’’
McGinn said he ’s never heard back from O’Brien .
Since then , Losapio has been transferred .
She continues to work for probation , and her pay has increased by nearly $ 3,000 a year .
Police say Losapio admitted hanging around with “ bad guys , ’’ and had the telephone numbers of drug and gun suspects programmed into her cellphone .
While she told police she never gave the suspects information about criminal matters , she acknowledged that she would tell them whom she saw in court .
■ In three cases , politically connected employees with histories of alleged misconduct or sloppy work avoided serious career fallout .
For example , Worcester police fruitlessly complained to O’Brien in 2008 that associate probation officer Ashley Losapio , the stepdaughter of a judge , had compromised an investigation by leaking information to criminals .
Chief Justice Robert A. Mulligan , chief administrator of Massachusetts ’ trial courts , said he is frustrated by the apparent lack of accountability by probation .
“ There was absolutely no oversight , ’’ he said .
Akers ’s written job description , however , calls for him to provide “ technical assistance ’’ to Lawrence and other probation offices in “ fiscal matters and personnel issues . ’’
Moreover , State Auditor A. Joseph DeNucci ’s scathing 2007 report finding discrepancies in Morey ’s bookkeeping was addressed to probation officials , who formally promised to fix the problems .
Yet the regional supervisor who oversaw the Lawrence District Court probation office , Jeffrey L. Akers , is still on the job and says he has little knowledge of the scandal .
O’Brien said in a statement that he had no plans to discipline Akers because it ’s up to court administrators to oversee “ the financial integrity of the court . ’’
The alleged theft of $ 2 million from the probation office in Lawrence District Court went on for three years despite two formal warnings from outside auditors that the clerk , Marie Morey , had almost no supervision , appeared to use irregular bookkeeping methods and could n’t explain some missing funds .
Ultimately , the Administrative Office of the Trial Court — not the Probation Department — discovered the scope of the alleged crime .
Morey has pleaded not guilty .
But others say politics and favoritism are eating away at the agency ’s morale .
For his part , DeLeo defends the Probation Department .
In an e-mailed statement , he said , “ While every organization has its own flaws and weaknesses , I hear that the Probation Department is a functional organization that does a difficult job under tough conditions . ’’
Probation employees , like all citizens , can legally give $ 500 a year to any politician for any reason .
State law , however , forbids bosses from pressuring state employees to donate to campaigns .
Harder to assess is a department like probation where there is little plain evidence of such direct pressure , but where political contributions seem closely linked , in many cases , to career advancement .
For example , Arthur Sousa of Somerville began donating to House Speaker DeLeo in April 2006 even though he did n’t live in DeLeo ’s district .
Since that year , he has given DeLeo $ 1,700 , and his career has taken off : Sousa was promoted from associate to full probation officer , and his pay jumped almost $ 15,000 a year to $ 50,348 .
In a brief interview , Sousa claimed to be a longtime DeLeo supporter , but campaign finance records show that he had not made donations to DeLeo or other state candidates in the four years before he began giving to the speaker .
Moreover , the Spotlight Team has found a disturbing pattern in which probation officers suddenly start donating to key legislators just before or after they get a job in the department , giving the appearance that political contributions pave the path to success .
Reports of irregularities in the process are legion , however : the children of influential people who got jobs even though they did n’t make the list of finalists , friends and allies hired on an “ acting ’ ’ basis without a formal hiring process , job applicants with no political ties who find their interview evaluations inexplicably changed to reduce their overall ranking .
Nonetheless , O’Brien contends the hiring process is collaborative .
“ I know of no other position in the trial court that has a more extensive interview process , ’’ he said .
But the Legislature clearly intended to give Mulligan very limited power , declaring repeatedly in the Probation Department ’s budget that the commissioner has “ exclusive authority to appoint , dismiss , assign and discipline probation officers . ’’
Mulligan can veto O’Brien ’s decisions only for limited reasons , such as failure to follow affirmative action guidelines .
More generally , O’Brien categorically denies that politics play a role in hiring at his 2,000 - plus employee agency .
He asserted that everyone is hired in an open and fair manner , contending that all candidates for posted jobs go through a three - step screening process .
Finalists are selected at the local level , and the top candidate is chosen by O’Brien ’s office in Boston , he said , adding that his choice then must be approved by Chief Justice Mulligan , technically his boss .
Boston bootmaker John Augustus invented the concept of probation back in 1841 when he approached the police about taking custody of a “ common drunkard ’ ’ who he thought could be rehabilitated without sitting in a jail cell .
Augustus sobered the man up , found him a job , and launched a new approach to corrections that has kept millions out of prison .
“ The vote was insensitive to those forced to bear cuts not only in other court services and programs but also in public safety , local aid , and human services , ’’ said state Representative John H. Rogers .
“ It ’s an insult to every needy person out there . ’’
On the House floor , Petrolati and other O’Brien supporters celebrated their “ win ’ ’ for the Probation Department by giving one another high fives and patting each other on the back , according to one veteran legislator .
While Mulligan battles O’Brien , the Legislature has remained steadfastly supportive of the commissioner ’s priorities , continuing to pump in money even as the state plunged into a budget crisis in 2009 .
With virtually no floor debate , the House and Senate in November restored $ 4.4 million in probation spending that Governor Deval Patrick had vetoed .
But the younger Anzalone has waged a fight all the way to the Supreme Judicial Court to get his job , saying that Mulligan waited too long before he vetoed the offer and that he did n’t deliberately withhold information about three cousins who work for the court .
Mulligan also tried to stop O’Brien from hiring a second child of his former Boston Col lege football teammate , Stephen Anzalone , himself a probation officer .
In 2007 , Mulligan discovered that six members of the Anzalone clan worked for either the Probation Department or courtroom security , though Stephen P. Anzalone Jr. had disclosed only three on his job application .
Mulligan argued that he had the power to block the hire because the younger Anzalone falsified his job application .
O’Brien at first would n’t speak to his daughter ’s hiring , and his spokesman called the inquiry an “ ambush question . ’’
Last week , however , he said in a statement that he did not directly hire his daughter because she works in a separate division of probation from his office .
He said her hiring is supported by “ two ethics decisions , ’’ which he did not detail .
Chief Justice Mulligan has sometimes challenged O’Brien ’s hiring practices , but with limited success .
Mulligan warned O’Brien in 2005 that he was violating the court ’s rule against employing family members by hiring his daughter as a secretary in the department ’s Office of Community Corrections .
But O’Brien sidestepped Mulligan by hiring Genevieve on an “ acting ’’ basis , for which hiring standards are less strict .
In 2009 , she made $ 44,123 .
“ Every single promotion is done by politics , ’’ lamented Jack Alicandro , the recently retired president of Local 229 of the National Association of Government Employees , the union that represents probation officers .
“ The rule of thumb to either get hired or promoted is you had to have attended BC [ O’ Brien ’s alma mater ] , worked at Suffolk County [ where O’Brien once worked ] , or get three calls from politicians . ’’
In the end , Barbalunga received no discipline at all .
And when a slot opened in 2002 for chief probation officer at the district court in Great Barrington , O’Brien gave him the promotion .
Today , he makes $ 102,946 a year , more than twice the income he earned when he was investigated .
One judge recommended Barbalunga be fired , but the judge overseeing an investigation recommended a severe sanction short of dismissal , according to the sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the personnel proceedings were confidential .
That was underscored by the case of Alfred E. “ Alf ’ ’ Barbalunga , the son of a Pittsfield judge said to be friendly with O’Brien .
In 1999 , Barbalunga came under fire for poor job performance as a probation officer in the district court in North Adams , according to several sources with direct knowledge of the situation .
Among the complaints against the younger Barbalunga was that he was n’t always showing up for work , the sources said .
As commissioner , O’Brien began filling top jobs with former colleagues from Suffolk Superior Court , while hiring friends and family of the influential for entry - level jobs .
The rules changed in other ways , too .
But O’Brien also had the political pedigree for Beacon Hill success :
He played football in the late 1970s for Boston College , Irwin ’s alma mater , and grew up in Dorchester , not far from former speaker Finneran .
Irwin liked the former BC athlete enough to make him the court ’s legislative liaison years before he named O’Brien commissioner .
At the State House , O’Brien played up his ties to the powerful Finneran .
An inside player was born .
As O’Brien , who had also served 15 years in the trenches as a probation officer , said in a rare interview with his hometown newspaper back in 1998 , “ You have to be out there to be effective . ’’
But in 1997 , Chief Judge John J. Irwin Jr. shocked probation observers by selecting O’Brien to succeed Cochran instead of Corbett , who had just been voted national probation executive of the year by his peers .
Irwin , now deceased , indicated to his staff that he wanted a more street - wise commissioner , someone who was more focused on “ getting probation officers into the community ’’ than producing research papers .
Who better than Jack O’Brien , then running a new program that set up community - based offices where probationers could go for services ranging from drug - testing to basic education ?
For generations , Massachusetts probation officials have taken pride in the legacy of Augustus , and , as late as the 1990s , the state continued to be a leader in guiding criminals into the mainstream .
Under Commissioner Donald Cochran in the 1990s , Massachusetts probation officers developed a cutting - edge questionnaire to estimate the public danger posed by probationers .
A chief aide , Ronald P. Corbett Jr. , served as editor of a national journal on probation .
Former deputy commissioner Burke , who said he interviewed 3,000 potential probation employees before retiring in 2008 , angrily denied that Petrolati or other politicians influenced his recommendations .
“ I ’m telling you , if they were dummies , they did n’t make it , ’’ said Burke , who bought four $ 100 tickets to Petrolati ’s fund - raiser last week because “ I like the guy . ’’
“ You gotta kiss the ring , ’’ explained the Petrolati confidant with direct knowledge of how the patronage process has worked and who asked not to be named .
Ambitious probation officers and job candidates quickly figured out that campaign donations to politicians with O’Brien ’s ear could jump - start a career like nothing else , and events such as Petrolati ’s fund - raiser at Ludlow Country Club last Thursday became important dates .
Since 2002 , at least 100 probation employees have given money to Petrolati even though he has n’t faced an opponent since 2000 .
“ I do n’t want to talk about that part of my life , ’’ said Roy , who was demoted to probation officer in 2005 with a $ 20,000 pay cut .
At sleepy Belchertown District Court , for example , David E. Roy , a respected lawyer with 24 years of experience , lost his job as acting chief probation officer in 2005 in favor of the husband of Petrolati ’s legislative aide , Colleen Ryan .
Robert Ryan had just retired from a long career in the federal probation service , but wanted to work for the state .
When Roy declined to apply for the job as Ryan ’s assistant , probation hired Petrolati ’s former aide and sometime driver , Andre Pereira .
O’Brien ’s new power to hire and fire made it easier for politicians to advocate in favor of particular candidates , and some legislators began keeping lists of candidates they wanted to place .
Petrolati , the House speaker pro tempore , became increasingly involved in hiring decisions in 15 courthouses in Western Massachusetts .
“ You do n’t want to bring someone in who is inept or has a bad attitude , ’’ the former speaker explained .
“ If you scan a list of probation officers , there might be sons and daughters of politicians and judges there .
That ’s not going to go away .
And , honestly , I do n’t think it should .
They should n’t be excluded because of the achievements of their parents . ’’
After O’Brien ’s appointment in 1997 , legislative leaders appreciated the commissioner ’s attentiveness to their hiring suggestions .
But they remained frustrated that probation officers assigned to the courts had to be approved by local judges .
Finneran , in an interview , said the process needed to be streamlined , and he pushed through a bill in late 2001 centralizing hiring and promotion decisions in O’Brien ’s office .
Finneran knew that might increase the number of political hires .
That ’s not always bad , he said .
“ That was a very unfortunate time , ’’ Barbalunga said .
“ I think I ’ve done an outstanding job . ’’
In an interview , Barbalunga denied that his work ethic was the central focus of the investigation .
He gave the Globe a list of court references , including a former judge who said he is a solid worker .
Recently , a series of unflattering reports have focused an uncomfortable light on O’Brien , portraying his agency as a “ dysfunctional ’’ rogue in state government .
So far , the Legislature has shown little interest in reform proposals — the joint Judiciary Committee did n’t even ask questions when Public Safety Secretary Mary Beth Heffernan presented the administration ’s plan to bring probation under the governor ’s control .
For years , O’Brien relied on his powerful connections and a determinedly low public profile to build his empire with minimal notice , nearly tripling his department budget ( after allowing for inflation ) during a decade when the number of criminals who require hands - on supervision fell by more than 10 percent .
Cahill said in a statement that he had known Laurie O’Brien for years and that she was hired based on qualifications .
Similarly , some probation employees may feel pressure to support politicians backed by O’Brien .
In July 2005 , an impressive 45 probation employees — mostly senior managers — donated $ 5,900 to state treasurer Cahill .
O’Brien said he played no role in orchestrating the donations to help out his fellow Quincy resident and the man who hired his wife to work in the state Lottery a few months later .
“ It ’s made very clear : You ’re on the team .
We ’ll be calling on you for support , ’’ said the confidant of Petrolati , referring to Petrolati ’s expectations of probation employees he has helped .
“ They ’re put on the mailing list and they ’re expected to donate . ’’
Some , however , said legislators none too subtly pressure probation employees to contribute , especially after they deliver a job or promotion .
LeCours is more forthcoming than many colleagues with similar giving patterns :
The Spotlight Team attempted to contact about 30 of the 155 probation employees who ’ve given at least $ 300 to one state legislator in recent years , but most either declined to comment , hung up , or did not return phone calls .
Since the incident , LeCours has become a supervisor and increased his annual pay by almost $ 20,000 a year to $ 73,647 in 2009 .
During the same period , he has given $ 1,775 to Petrolati and $ 1,800 to Buoniconti , compared with just $ 75 for both in the two years before .
Michael J. LeCours , an official with probation ’s community service program , began donating heavily to Petrolati and state Senator Stephen J. Buoniconti of West Springfield after he got in trouble in 2003 for writing a letter of recommendation for a convicted racketeer on court stationery .
LeCours called Carmine Manzi , convicted for activities related to the New York Genovese crime family , “ a great asset to both [ his ] barbershop and his community . ’’
He got a public rebuke from Chief Justice Mulligan ’s office for not using common sense .
The bitter 2008 fight to succeed disgraced House Speaker Salvatore F. DiMasi left behind suspicions among Rogers supporters that O’Brien had played a hand in helping DeLeo defeat the Norwood Democrat .
Two Rogers supporters , insisting on anonymity , point to what they view as a suspicious pattern of hiring — an accusation that DeLeo and his allies reject and resent .
In the spring of that year , the House Ways and Means Committee , then chaired by DeLeo , recommended $ 137 million for probation , $ 2.3 million more than Chief Justice Mulligan requested .
In the course of the budget debate , probation ’s friends in the House increased funding by another $ 3.7 million .
The legislative windfall gave O’Brien more money for a flurry of hiring .
By May 2008 , O’Brien had hired people associated with legislators Rogers believed were supporting him , including Democratic state Representatives James J. O’Day of West Boylston , Geraldo Alicea of Charlton , and Harold P. Naughton Jr. of Clinton .
All three legislators say they always supported DeLeo for speaker and did not change their support based on O’Brien ’s hiring of O’Day ’s colleague , Alicea ’s intern , and the daughter of the police chief in Naughton ’s hometown .
“ I was with Bob DeLeo from the beginning , ’’ said Alicea , a former probation officer who said O’Brien has done a good job .
“ Jack O’Brien never reached out . . . in asking for support for Bob DeLeo . ’’
DeLeo flatly denies that he offered probation jobs in exchange for votes .
O’Brien said he played no role in the speakership fight .
But supporters of Rogers said they believe that the burst of probation hiring helped doom Rogers by peeling off the votes of legislators such as Alicea .
High stakes , consequences in the house O’Brien built State Representative Michael F. Rush , the West Roxbury Democrat whose father served as chief probation officer of the district court there , was said to be furious when a draft report by the trial court ’s affirmative action officer found merit to the allegations that his father discriminated against five women .
The elder Rush announced his plan to retire three days before the report was completed .
State Representative Michael F. Rush , the West Roxbury Democrat whose father served as chief probation officer of the district court there , was said to be furious when a draft report by the trial court ’s affirmative action officer found merit to the allegations that his father discriminated against five women .
The elder Rush announced his plan to retire three days before the report was completed .
The younger Rush is now sponsoring a budget amendment , backed by DeLeo , to move the trial court ’s downtown administrative offices to public safety Siberia — the dingy top floor of Charlestown District Court — to save money .
A source with direct knowledge of the matter said Rush has spoken of wanting to punish Mulligan , the chief administrative judge , for how his father was treated .
Mulligan said James Rush was not pressured to retire .
DeLeo ’s office insisted the proposal is only about cost savings , but it underscores the stakes for probation employees and judges in going up against the house that Jack O’Brien built .
Time and again , employees wanted to talk about the gross inequities in today ’s Probation Department , but they shrank from speaking out publicly for fear of retaliation from O’Brien and his allies .
For good reason , it appears .
Two of the women who complained about Rush , both African - American , went on to sue him and O’Brien , citing sex and race discrimination .
Their case is pending .
That lawsuit , say Helen Brown and Crystal Young , set off a chain of retaliatory actions by fellow probation officers , particularly Rush ’s replacement , Mark J. Prisco , who has given more money to political campaigns since 2002 — $ 10,000 — than any other probation employee .
Brown says Prisco took away her main duties as assistant chief , supervising more junior probation officers , and assigned her instead to oversee the front counter of the probation office .
According to court papers , Prisco denied that he demoted her , but said Brown was performing her job increasingly poorly .
Thirteen members of the Probation Department signed a petition complaining that Brown had a negative attitude and was creating a hostile environment .
The presiding judge , Coffey , felt that “ the omnipresence of Representative Rush , ’’ and his anger over the accusations against his father , had poisoned the probation office against Brown , she said in her deposition .
The elder Rush is said to be seriously ill and not available for comment ; in court documents he denied all the allegations .
Michael Rush did not return numerous messages , but in his deposition he denied wielding influence in probation and said Coffey “ tortured my father . ’’
Coffey , in her deposition , noted that Rush sits on the Ways and Means Committee , which holds sway over probation ’s budget and therefore its ability to save jobs from budget cuts .
“ It ’s my understanding that a lot of employees believe that loyalty and allegiance to the Legislature , and in particular to Mr. Rush , ensures job safety and protection , ’’ she said .
Matt Carroll of the Globe staff contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
One of the most annoying parts of buying a new car ( other than the near - infallibly shady characters facilitating the experience ) is having to drive all over to the nearest dealers for the various brands of vehicles you ’re considering .
Sure , the auto malls in many towns minimize the need for this , but often there ’s at least one automaker on your list that is n’t represented on the premises .
Fortunately for residents of Istanbul , Turkey , they wo n’t have to worry about that for too much longer , as the world ’s biggest auto mall – called Autopia Europia – is now under construction in their continent - bridging hometown .
The massive 708,661 sq. ft. edifice will feature 200 separate showrooms for more than 400 brands ( Are there even that many in the whole world ? ) , 48 service bays , 42 insurance offices and 24 bank branches , all indoors and accessible by car , making car buying a truly one - stop - shopping experience .
Of course , if you want to celebrate your purchase ( or take your mind off a huge repair bill ) , there will also be 56 bars inside .
Why so many ?
Who cares ?!
But what has to be the coolest feature of this sprawling complex is the banked oval test track on the roof .
Sure , it ’s been done before , most famously at Fiat ’s old Lingotto factory in Turin which made a cameo in the original The Italian Job , but it ’s still a wicked cool idea .
Still are n’t sold on the idea ?
Check out the video below .
Also :
Anyone else surprised America did n’t think of this first ?
Source : GAD
Director Christopher Nolan trades in the Joker for the Riddler in the next Batman movie and has pegged his ‘ Inception ’ star , JGL , to star !
What started off as a joke has become a reality — Joseph Gordon - Levitt , who stars in Christopher Nolan ’s new film , Inception , is the director ’s first pick to play The Riddler in the next installment of the Batman franchise !
“ Chris really dug Joseph [ as an actor ] , ” a source close to the director tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively .
“ There was a joke at first between them [ on the set of Inception ] that Joseph wanted to read for Batman 3 and things heated up as filming continued . ”
Adds the insider , “ It ’s not 100 % confirmed that he ’s getting [ the role of The Riddler ] but there ’s certainly talk about it .
Joseph is definitely on the short list . ”
This should make fans happy , especially as several fan sites have expressed a wish to see the 500 Days of Summer cutie score the role !
But do n’t expect to find out anytime soon whether the 29 - year - old actor will actually become The Riddler in reality — the script is still being written !
Also do n’t expect to see JGL take on his 10 Things I Hate About You co-star Heath Ledger ‘s posthumous Oscar - winning role of The Joker , either — Nolan has already confirmed that he wo n’t be recasting that particular part .
Joseph Gordon - Levitt ’s rep says , “ This is not true . ”
The working titled Batman 3 is slated for a July 2012 release , but if you ca n’t wait to see a Joseph Gordon - Levitt / Christopher Nolan collaboration , check out Inception when it premieres July 16 .
Laura Schreffler with reporting by Russ Weakland
Senate Democratic leaders Thursday shelved their effort to cap greenhouse - gas emissions as part of a broad energy bill , putting aside indefinitely a centerpiece of President Barack Obama 's ambitious effort to transform the way Americans produce and consume energy .
The proposal would have allowed utilities to trade permits to pollute as they worked to shift away from coal — a concept commonly called " cap and trade . "
Senate ...
Laser tag is nice and all , but the weather is supposed to be beautiful this weekend — at least where we are — and we 're trying to get you people outside , away from the computer !
SUCK UK has a sweet idea , a way to play with water guns that lets you know when the other player has scored a kill .
The concept is simple , yet genius .
Each player wears a special vest that turns red when hit with water , and you get two water guns to play with .
Shoot each other , and no more arguing over who hit whom !
Sadly , the set is not actually available yet , but there are ways to rig up something similar yourself .
Take a tablet of Alka - Seltzer and , very carefully , drill a hole through the center .
Thread a string through the hole , and then affix this to someone 's clothing .
Grab a few water guns of any make and model , and you have yourself a way to play foam tag that wo n't ruin clothes and will , again , allow you to fairly count kills each round .
For more fun ?
Put the tablets on your arms and legs , and if you get hit in one and it starts foaming , no more use of that limb .
This idea came from a great book , by the way : Geek Dad : Awesomely Geeky Projects and Activities for Dads and Kids to Share .
No , this is not an ad , but a friend gave me this book for my birthday , and our ongoing series of " get your butt outside " posts tend to get love , so I wanted to give it a shout out .
This is fun you can have with your kids , with your coworkers , with your spouse , and your friends .
Just get outside and take part in some water warfare .
Good restaurants now mention where their seafood is from ; others buy the stuff from Louisiana
The lady doth protest too much , methinks
In July 2000 , when Vitter was in the House , he introduced a bill that would make penalties under the OPA “ the exclusive criminal penalties ” for oil spills :
(a) IN GENERAL - Notwithstanding any other provision or rule of law , sections 4301 ( c ) and 4302 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101-380 ; 104 Stat. 537 ) and the amendments made by those sections provide the exclusive criminal penalties for any action or activity that may arise or occur in connection with a discharge of oil or a hazardous substance referred to in section 311 ( b ) ( 3 ) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1321 ( b ) ( 3 ) ) .
Fortunately , the bill -- which attracted only two cosponsors -- never made it out of committee .
If it had become law , BP and the other companies would be exempted from more stringent criminal penalties under the other environmental laws .
It would also potentially exempt BP from any workplace safety violations on the rig or during the cleanup .
The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( OCSLA ) , which governs offshore oil and gas exploration , provides for much stricter punishments than the OPA , such as ten years imprisonment to “ [ a ] ny person who knowingly and willfully ( 1 ) violates any provision of this Act . ”
Meanwhile , criminal negligence under the Clean Water
Act is punishable by fines of up to “ $ 50,000 per day , 3 years ’ imprisonment , or both . ”
And under the Endangered Species Act , BP could be fined $ 13,000 for each endangered animal killed , while “ Significant Habitat Modification or Degradation ” can carry much stronger penalties including one year imprisonment .
These punishments would be on top of the cleanup costs assessed under the OPA .
The OPA deals mainly with cleanup costs -- not punitive damages -- and only allows for imprisonment if a company fails to notify authorities about a spill .
It also caps a company ’s liability at $ 75 million .
More recently , Vitter has introduced a bill to raise the OPA ’s $ 75 million cap .
But while other senators have proposed caps of $ 10 billion , Vitter ’s bill would limit a company ’s liability to the amount of its profit in the last four quarters , or $ 150 million , whichever is greater .
This is allegedly to protect small companies with small profits , but if a big company like BP happened have a bad year and made little or no profit , they would be responsible for only the $ 150 million .
As the Daily Kingfish pointed out , this is exactly the case with Andarko , the oil company which owns 25 percent of the lease in the Deepwater Horizon well :
BP does n’t own the entirety of the lease , it only owns 65 % of it .
Another company , Anadarko , owns 25 % of the lease .
In the last 4 quarters , Anadarko has lost $ 135 million , so they would face no more than $ 150 million in liability , despite the fact that they hold an estimated $ 50 billion in assets .
BP has already spent nearly a billion dollars on spill cleanup , and could end up spending as much as $ 37 billion , so a $ 150 million cap is paltry .
Andarko ’s PAC makes few contributions , but has been a consistent supporter of Vitter .
The company gave him $ 10,000 in 2004 -- by far the largest of only four contributions made that year -- and gave him another $ 4,000 this year .
Their only other contribution this year was $ 500 to a state senate candidate in Texas .
All together , oil and gas companies have given Vitter nearly $ 400,000 since 2005 , and their investment appears to have been a smart one .
I follow David Vitter 's smug idiocy on twitter so you do n't have to .
Mostly he tweets about what a strong family - oriented guy he is -- his poor son Jack has become a twitter campaign prop regarding countless sporting events and outings ever since Vitter got trashed for a series of illicit affairs with prostitutes in Louisiana and Washington -- about the benefits of obstructionism , about Louisiana sports teams , about how beloved he is of right wing propaganda hypocrites like Limbaugh , Hannity , Glenn Beck and O'Reilly , and lately , in at least three - quarters of his tweets , the BP oil spill .
Except that he is n't a lady , one can't help but conjure up the third act ofAnd , as Think Progress pointed out so definitively last week , Vitter doth .
Forget for a moment that in the Senate 's current electoral cycle only fellow Big Oil shill Blanche Lincoln has outpaced Vitter in the oily bribes department ( Vitter taking in $ 242,600 , Lincoln $ 286,400 ) or that since 1990 Vitter is one of Big Oil 's half dozen most heavily paid - off senators ( at $ 783,835 , beaten out only by notoriously corrupt bribe - takers John McCain , Kay Bailey Hutchison , John Cornyn , Jim Inhofe , and Miss McConnell ) .
Instead , let 's look at an example of what Big Oil has gotten for its investment in the political career of Senator David Vitter .
On the two dozen votes the Senate has taken since 2005 that are rated by ProgressivePunch to determined where each senator stands on Air Pollution Vitter has been America 's worst with a flat ZERO .
Is it any wonder polluters just keep pumping money into his campaigns ?
His overall environmental score is a dismal 1.32 ( out of 100 ) but it 's noteworthy to remember that he's at a zero on Oceanic Conservation and a zero at Water Conservation and a zero when it comes to using taxpayer dollars to subsidize the oil & gas industry Let 's go back , for example , to March 13 , 2008 , when the Senate was voting on a series of amendments to the Energy Bill .
Vitter was part of a minority that acceded to the Big Oil 's demand that they approve more offshore drilling in an amendment offered by Tennessee corporate shill Lamar Alexander .
In his entire time as a legislator -- when he followed David Duke as the Representative of Lousiana 's 81st district ( Metairie and Bucktown ) -- David Vitter has never ---- stood up to Big Oil .
He has voted for every single demand they have ever made regardless of how adversely it has impacted his own constituents .
And that goes right along with Think Progress ' report last week that Vitter had attempted to weaken the already way too weak laws governing corporations that pollute the water and destroy endanger species .
But David Vitter is n't a senator from California or Michigan or Washington or Florida .
He represents Louisiana where he could run on this kind of behavior and he assured of reelection .
And he will be reelected next November , much to the delight of the Oil Industry and the other corporations that fund him .
If there are 10 more oil spills and if the damages to Louisiana go all the way past Thibodaux and Lake Charles and past Alexandria and even engulf Monroe and Shreveport , David Vitter will still be hiring prostitutes to spank him and change his diapers between Senate votes in Washington next year .
Labels : bribery , David Vitter , oil spill
Three years ago , Paul McCartney was one of the most outspoken of the disgruntled acts at EMI , the record label that had been his home since the earliest days of the Beatles .
He complained in an interview with The Times of London that he and other artists at the label , which had recently been bought by the British private equity firm Terra Firma , were treated as “ part of the furniture . ”
He signed a deal with the Concord Music Group , an independent label in California , for his new releases .
Now , in another blow to EMI , Mr. McCartney has pulled his full catalog of post -Beatles albums , signing a new deal with Concord for worldwide distribution of the catalog , Concord said Tuesday .
EMI declined to comment on the news , which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal .
Since Terra Firma bought EMI in 2007 , the label has suffered a number of prominent , and sometimes acrimonious , artist defections .
The loss of the McCartney catalog may be of great symbolic significance , but his recent sales have been minimal .
Last year , all of Mr. McCartney ’s solo albums on EMI — including his work with Wings — sold about 95,000 copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
BakkaPhoenix , the country ’s oldest science fiction and fantasy bookstore , faces many of the same challenges confronting Toronto ’s other independent booksellers .
Chiefly , these include the migration of customers to big - box outlets and online retailers , where discounts abound , as well as what further erosion of business the emerging e-book market will bring .
But while some of the competition is retrenching or worse , BakkaPhoenix , which recorded a double - digit increase in sales last year , is expanding .
In stark contrast to the recently shuttered This Ain’t the Rosedale Library , BakkaPhoenix is readying a fall move from the Queen St. W. location it currently rents to the larger , two - storey Harbord St. digs it has purchased .
“ One of the things we were looking for was space for our community , ” says Chris Szego , who has managed the store for the past decade .
“ We already have had science - fiction book clubs approach us to see if they can hold their meetings there .
“ We want to schedule writing an reading workshops .
That ’s something independent bookstores can be great at .
We offer community . ”
The store , which has relocated a handful of times since it first opened in 1972 , will set up shop in the former home of Atticus Books , a couple of doors west of Spadina and within shouting distance of the University of Toronto .
“ Hopefully , we can insert ourselves quickly into the mental headspace of University of Toronto undergraduates because there ’s an endless supply of those , ” Szego says .
U of T undergrads also represent a potentially lucrative demographic .
“ When you think about the entertainment trends of the past 10 years , ” Szego reasons , “ they have all been speculative in nature : the rise of online , multi-player , role - playing games , Harry Potter , Lord of the Rings , Stephenie Meyer .
And it ’s not just about those books .
I sell far more copies of the latest Cory Doctorow than I do the latest Stephenie Meyer . ”
Joanne Saul , co-owner of Type Books , is similarly upbeat .
While the small chain decided to cut its losses by closing its Danforth outlet last year , the company has expanded its two remaining stores on Queen St. near Trinity Bellwoods and on Spadina Rd. in Forest Hill .
Sales slumped for much of 2009 , Saul says , but picked up at Christmas and have remained buoyant through the spring .
“ A successful independent bookstore has to completely and utterly cater to its community , ” says Saul .
“ That ’s something we strive to do by getting engaged with the schools near us , offering literacy programs , having weekly story time for neighbourhood preschoolers .
You have to make those connections with people who support you .
It ’s a two - way street . ”
Type ’s Queen St. competition stands to be lessened somewhat , with the impending closure of a Book City outlet just east of Trinity Bellwoods .
But Book City general manager Ian Donker insists the proximity of the stores was not a decisive factor .
“ Sales were n’t bad but they were n’t where you would like them to be after two years of being there , ” Donker says .
“ We had a chance to sell the building , so we thought we ’d do a positive thing for our bottom line .
That ’s just a business decision .
It ’s not a reflection of the book business . ”
BookNet Canada , which charts sales in Canada , has reported a slight drop in overall sales this year , after an increase in 2009 .
But Donker reports the trend line has been the opposite for Book City , which will continue to operate five outlets .
“ It has been quite a positive year so far for a lot of our stores , ” he says .
The outlook is not universally rosy by any means .
This Ain’t the Rosedale Library , a storied indie that has been in business for more than 30 years , was recently locked out of its Kensington Market by its landlord over unpaid rent .
Glad Day , the landmark gay and lesbian themed bookseller , issued in an appeal for financial support in the spring .
Its future remains uncertain .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ Things have improved a little bit but it ’s not beyond what we ’d expect for the season , given that we ’re coming up to Pride Week , ” says owner John Scythes .
“ It ’s touch and go right now .
I ’ve had a few nice orders from academia , but that wo n’t run the store .
The walk - in trade has n’t changed .
People come and browse here and then go home and order the book on the net . ”
Scythes would like the Canadian government to follow the example of its French counterpart by limiting the discounts offered by online retailer Amazon to 5 per cent .
“ I ca n’t blame people , ” says Scythes .
“ It ’s the kind of culture we ’ve created .
But is it worth it if the consequence is destroying retail book selling ? ”
The Canadian Booksellers Association is keenly monitoring the uncertain climate to see if there are common factors behind why some of its members are thriving , while others are n’t .
“ There is a combination of complex factors , ” says CBA president Mark Lefebvre , who manages Titles Bookstore at McMaster University .
“ What ’s the rent ?
What ’s the neighbourhood ?
“ We ’re in very challenging times .
Booksellers have to find that fine balance that gives them an edge .
Maybe it ’s expertise .
Or maybe it ’s some other factor that nobody can do as well as them . ”
Taking an entirely different approach is Marc Glassman , the former proprietor of Pages Books & Magazines .
Driven off Queen St. W. last year by escalating rents , the veteran bookseller has rebranded his business as Pages Beyond Bricks & Mortar .
Glassman has continued to sell books through This is Not a Reading Series , the program of regular author events he runs mainly out of the Gladstone Hotel .
And , following the model established by New York ’s Mobile Libris , he is setting up shop at other events , including the recent Luminato and Subtle Technologies festivals .
He has a contract to sell books and DVDs at this year ’s Toronto International Film Festival .
“ I ’m hanging out my virtual shingle , ” Glassman says .
“ We ’re happy to sell books at the great events that are taking place all the time in Toronto .
They are n’t necessarily literary events , but events that would have books as part of the mix of what they do .
“ All of the kinks have n’t been worked out , but enough of them have that it ’s all do - able .
Obviously , we ’d all like to have our own shops , but this is a viable option . ”
What 's on the menu ?
A ROBOT with dietary requirements might sound a bit far fetched , but a team of American researchers is developing a machine that will fend for itself by gathering biomass ( wood , leaves and grass ) to be used as a biofuel to run its steam - driven engine .
Who might want such a device ?
The American army .
The Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot is known , of course , by its acronym : EATR .
It is the brainchild of Robotic Technology of Washington , DC .
So far it is only a concept , but a working prototype is in the works .
The research , in part funded by America 's Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency , is seen as a way to help soldiers reduce their dependence on fuel supplies .
The robot could , for instance , forage for biofuel while a unit on a long - endurance mission rested .
It could then be used to recharge their electrical devices , carry some of their equipment or even transport the soldiers .
The EATR uses a robotic arm to gather and prepare vegetation , which it feeds through a shredder into a centrifugal combustion chamber , where it is ignited and then heats a series of coils .
The coils contain deionised water ( to stop them from furring up like a kettle ) .
As the water inside the coils is superheated the steam is piped to a radial steam engine , which consists of six pistons .
The steam drives the pistons , turning a generator which produces electricity .
This is stored in batteries that power the electric motors which drive the EATR along .
The steam engine is designed to be a “ closed - loop ” system , in which water escaping from the cylinders through the exhaust valves is captured and cooled in a condensing unit .
This turns the steam back into water , which is then returned to the combustion chamber .
As well as using biomass , EATR 's engine could also run on petrol , diesel , kerosene , cooking oil or anything similar than could be scavenged .
The ability to consume a wide range of fuels would be important if the vehicle found itself in areas like deserts , where vegetation may not be available and alternative fuel would be needed .
Image - recognition software linked to a laser and camera would allow EATR to recognise plants , leaves and wood .
Robert Finkelstein , Robotic Technology 's president , estimates that about 68 kilograms ( 150 pounds ) of vegetation would provide enough electricity for the machine to travel around 160 km ( 100 miles ) .
The company recently received EATR 's engine , which has been developed by Cyclone Power Technology of Florida .
The next stage is to integrate the EATR technology into a military vehicle to prove that the idea works .
The type of vehicle that will be used has not yet been decided , although it could be a High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle , popularly known as a Humvee , modified to drive itself under robotic control .
Dr Finkelstein thinks an EATR prototype could be scurrying around woodland by around 2013 .
Such a machine would be extremely useful for the army .
With no dependence on external fuel supplies , an EATR would be able to perform long reconnaissance missions in areas which might be deemed too dangerous for soldiers to venture .
There are also civilian applications , such as a forestry patrol over large swathes of territory where traditional fuel may be hard to find , but where there is plenty of biomass to keep the EATR going .
An agricultural version might navigate around farmland , checking for weed and insect infestations , and feeding itself as it went .
It would be a return , in a way , to a time when old - fashioned steam engines once worked in the fields .
We believe that consumers should be able to freely access their favorite content and applications , regardless of what computer they have , what browser they like , or what device suits their needs .
No company - no matter how big or how creative - should dictate what you can create , how you create it , or what you can experience on the web .
When markets are open , anyone with a great idea has a chance to drive innovation and find new customers .
Adobe 's business philosophy is based on a premise that , in an open market , the best products will win in the end - and the best way to compete is to create the best technology and innovate faster than your competitors .
We believe that Apple , by taking the opposite approach , has taken a step that could undermine this next chapter of the web - the chapter in which mobile devices outnumber computers , any individual can be a publisher , and content is accessed anywhere and at any time .
In the end , we believe the question is really this :
Who controls the World Wide Web ?
And we believe the answer is : nobody - and everybody , but certainly not a single company .
If you 're reading Engadget today ( and let 's be honest , you 're reading it right now ) , then you might have noticed that Adobe has launched a pretty full - force campaign to call out Apple on its anti-Flash mission .
If you do n't know what we 're talking about , it 's the advertisements that start with " We [ heart ] Apple . "
Along with the web ads , the company has also snagged a full page in today 's Washington Post to address the battle in which the two companies have been engaged .
All of this links back to a new statement from Adobe , as well as an open letter from founders Chuck Geschke and John Warnock ( " Our thoughts on open markets " ) , addressing Apple 's recent spate of clear and direct attacks against the company and its products .
Most of the reading should sound familiar to those of us who 've been following the saga , but here are a few choice quotes from the duo :
So , it 's clear this issue is n't going to die out any time soon , and it's also clear that Adobe is going to go to great lengths to defend and protect its cash - cow .
Of course , if they really want this message to hit home to the core iPad and iPhone users out there , they 're going to need to run that ad in HTML5 .
As you should know , the ad sales and editorial teams at Engadget are separate entities , so this campaign was as much a surprise to us as it probably is to you !
" When we looked at data of crocodiles that had been tracked out to sea , they also seemed to be following seasonal currents to move around .
They would wait until the currents changed directions and then use them to travel really long distances .
" Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you did n't do than by the ones you did do .
So throw off the bowlines !
Sail away from safe harbor .
Catch the trade winds in your sails . "
- Mark Twain ⠀
⠀
Interested in looking ahead to Bermuda Race 2022 but do n't know where to start ?
Check our race ambassador program via link in our profile ⠀
⠀
Photo by Denise Bienvue from Apollo in 2018 .
Do you have a photo that could we could share to inspire future Bermuda Racers ?
Send it to us via the link in our profile . ⠀
⠀
# bermudarace #sailing #sailors #oceanracing # bermuda # newport #offshoresailing # bucketlist ...
" I want to speak directly to you , without intermediaries , so there wo n't be misunderstandings or mistaken interpretations .
As a peacekeeper , a soldier and a person who loves this nation very much ... please let me enter your lives for a minute and take a few minutes of your precious time . "
With these polite words , Maj. Gen. Alberto Asarta Cuevas , the commander of the UNIFIL forces in Lebanon , spoke to the Lebanese people , particularly those in the south , in an open letter in the Lebanese press .
He then asked the Lebanese to show understanding for the trouble that would likely be caused them by UNIFIL 's activities .
He said his forces " meant first and foremost to ensure your safety , and I promise you that there is no hidden agenda behind this activity . "
Cuevas explained that " the rotation of UNIFIL forces takes place every four to 12 months , so there is always a possibility that mistakes will be made , but these are only made with good intentions . "
With this unprecedented letter of apology , UNIFIL tried to end a series of clashes in the previous few weeks during which Lebanese civilians grabbed weapons from soldiers in a UNIFIL patrol , threw stones at them and blocked their route .
Open gallery view A UNIFIL patrol in South Lebanon .
Credit : Reuters
The villagers say these clashes stem from over - enthusiastic actions by a French regiment that used sniffer dogs , broke into homes and carried out searches , while treating the villagers with contempt .
The villagers made it clear they had a problem only with the French regiment and that their relations with the other foreign troops were satisfactory .
The Lebanese suspect that the French act according to instructions from Paris and go beyond their UN mandate .
They say the French troops have carried out an exercise aimed at examining what might happen if Hezbollah attacked Israel with missiles .
Fears about the French
" Why does UNIFIL carry out exercises aimed at portraying Hezbollah as an aggressive element rather than carrying out a defensive exercise in case Israel attacks Lebanon ? " a Hezbollah man in the Lebanese government complained .
Another fear , raised this week by the editor of the newspaper As - Safir , was that the French are intentionally provoking the people in the south so the French can withdraw and cause UNIFIL to be dismantled .
This would embarrass Hezbollah as the instigator and give Israel a pretext to attack .
Sources in the Lebanese government and army say UNIFIL does not cooperate with the army despite the agreements between them .
Cuevas says his troops always try to go out to the field with a representative of the Lebanese army , but since around 12,000 UNIFIL troops take part in some 350 patrols daily , there are not enough Lebanese soldiers to go around .
Lebanon responded that its army has 6,000 troops in southern Lebanon and that this number is sufficient , and " why does UNIFIL turn to the army only when it needs help against the villagers , but does not always make sure to take along a patrol from the Lebanese army to prevent friction ? "
At the end of the week , after discussions between UNIFIL commanders , the ambassadors of the countries with soldiers in UNIFIL , and the commander of the Lebanese army , the sides reached an agreement .
All patrols will be carried out in cooperation with the Lebanese army , UNIFIL will no longer use sniffer dogs , searches of homes will be carried out by Lebanese soldiers , and UNIFIL will avoid entering the homes and yards of the villagers in the south .
These arrangements that turn UNIFIL into an observation and reporting force rather than a preventive force restrict its maneuvering room even further and remove the teeth from UN Resolution 1701 , whose application has become the only yardstick for measuring the success of the Second Lebanon War .
It turns out that Hezbollah , which opposed the resolution , has become one of its major supporters because it can establish itself inside Lebanon as it wishes and be seen as an organization that bolsters the country 's status by backing UN resolutions .
MI 's role
It was exciting to see Israeli Military Intelligence 's color presentation in which it draws lines between Hezbollah 's storehouses and the missile positions in the southern Lebanese village of Khiam .
It was interesting to see the symbol for the village school " where the Israel Defense Forces is not allowed to go , " as well as the " target bank " - this reveals an impressive intelligence capability .
Let 's remember , however , that this is the same Military Intelligence that did not know what was on the boats of the Turkish flotilla .
It 's the Military Intelligence that does not know whether Syrian President Bashar Assad wants peace , that did not guess the results of the Lebanese elections , that did not expect the Lebanese prime minister 's change of direction when he reconciled with Syria , and that has still not supplied proof of the transfer of Scud missiles from Syria to Hezbollah .
Hezbollah 's number of missiles and rockets and their location are certainly vital information .
But it 's strange that Military Intelligence brags that it knows what everyone assumes it must know , and heaven forbid that it did not know .
And let 's remember that " we knew everything " before the Second Lebanon War also .
Then , too , there was a " target bank , " and we know what the result was .
As everyone knows , a good bank does not make you a rich man .
An undersea accident has forced BP to shut down a key system collecting oil from its blown - out Gulf of Mexico well , unleashing a torrent of oil , the top US oil spill official said .
A containment cap that had been channelling over 16,000 barrels per day to a surface vessel was removed after an undersea robot apparently collided with it , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said at a news briefing in Washington .
He said the system could restart later on Wednesday local time .
Mr Allen said the flow of oil from the well was not completely unchecked .
Some was still being burned off on the surface .
Mr Allen also reported two deaths of workers helping with the oil spill response .
The deaths did not appear work - related but were under investigation , he said .
A team of US scientists estimates the leak is spewing up to 60,000 barrels a day .
The disaster prompted the Obama administration to slap a six - month ban on all new deepsea drilling while it sought to improve safety procedures on other rigs in the Gulf of Mexico .
While BP struggled to restart its oil collection operation , the US government said it would impose a more flexible ban on new deepwater drilling , a day after a federal judge overturned an initial moratorium as too broad .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar also said initial investigations showed " reckless conduct " in the days leading up to the April 20 explosion on an offshore oil rig that ruptured BP 's Gulf of Mexico well .
Mr Salazar told a congressional hearing in Washington he would reissue the drilling ban .
He did not indicate when he would issue the revised order , but suggested it could allow oil companies to drill in certain low - risk areas .
" We will in the weeks and months ahead take a look at how it is that the moratorium in place might be refined , " he said .
He did not elaborate on his observation that he believed reckless behaviour was involved in the April 20 rig blast in which 11 workers were killed , and he did not point the finger at any particular company .
US politicians , however have accused BP of cutting corners and putting savings over safety .
The company leased the rig from Transocean and was a part owner in the ruptured well with Anadarko .
The criticism has fuelled investor fears about BP 's future and its stock has tumbled since the April 20 spill , losing half its value and trading at levels not seen since 1996 .
In another problem for the British company , New York State 's pension fund , a BP investor , has threatened to sue over the halving of its stock price since the start of the 65 - day - old crisis .
The oil slick , which consists of hundreds of thousands of patches of crude , has shut down rich fishing grounds , killed hundreds of turtles and seabirds and dozens of dolphins .
It has also soiled the coastline in four US states .
- Reuters
If you are looking for some activity on this sunday afternoon ( 2:37 PM GMT - 5 here in Medellín , Colombia ) , I strongly suggest you to review the excellent paper published by Gustav Rydstedt , Elie Bursztein , Dan Boneh from Stanford University about clickjacking attacks and how to put in place proper defense against them .
Download the paper here : http://seclab.stanford.edu/websec/framebusting/framebust.pdf
-- Manuel Humberto Santander Peláez | http://twitter.com/manuelsantander | http://manuel.santander.name | msantand at isc dot sans dot org
Hijacked to Capitalism Unwitting East German Defectors Revisit Decision to Stay or Go
A group of East Germans were presented with a unique dilemma when the plane they were on got hijacked to West Berlin in 1978 : Should they defect to the West or return home ?
More than three decades later , three of the people who were on the flight review their decisions on that fateful day .
Raëlism , [a ] also known as Raëlianism , is a UFO religion that was founded in 1970s France by Claude Vorilhon , now known as Raël . [ b ]
Scholars of religion classify Raëlism as a new religious movement .
The group is formalised as the International Raëlian Movement ( IRM ) or Raëlian Church , a hierarchical organisation under Raël 's leadership .
Raëlism teaches that an extraterrestrial species known as the Elohim created humanity using their advanced technology .
An atheistic religion , it believes that the Elohim have historically been mistaken for gods .
It holds that throughout history the Elohim have created forty Elohim / human hybrids who have served as prophets preparing humanity for news about their ultimate origins .
Among those listed as prophets are The Buddha , Jesus of Nazareth , and Muhammad , with Raël himself being the fortieth and final prophet .
Raëlists believe that since the Hiroshima bomb of 1945 , humanity has entered an Age of Apocalypse in which it is threatening itself with nuclear annihilation .
It argues that humanity must find a way of harnessing new scientific and technological development for peaceful ends , and that once this has been achieved the Elohim shall return to Earth to share their technology with humanity and usher in a utopia .
To this end , the Raëlians have been committed to building an embassy for the Elohim , incorporating a landing pad for the latter 's spaceship .
Raëlians promote a liberal ethical system with a strong emphasis on sexual experimentation , engage in daily meditation , and hope for physical immortality through human cloning .
Raël first published his claims to have been contacted by the Elohim in his 1974 book Le Livre Qui Dit La Verité .
He subsequently established an organisation devoted to promoting his ideas , MADECH , which in 1976 disbanded and was replaced by the Raëlian Church .
Raël headed the new organisation , which was structured around a hierarchy of seven levels .
Attracting more followers , the group obtained a country estate in France before relocating its operations to Quebec .
In 1998 Raël established the Order of Angels , an internal all - female group whose members are largely sequestered from wider society and tasked with training themselves to become the consorts of the Elohim .
In 1997 Raël launched Clonaid , an organisation focused on research in human cloning that was led by senior Raëlian Brigitte Boisselier .
In 2002 the company alleged that it had successfully produced a human clone , a baby named Eve , bringing much critical scrutiny and media attention to the group .
The Movement has attracted further attention through its public protests in support of causes such as women 's and gay rights and against nuclear testing .
The International Raëlian Movement claims tens of thousands of members , the majority centred in Francophone areas of Western Europe and North America as well as in parts of East Asia .
Criticism of the movement has come from journalists , ex-Raëlians , and the anti-cult movement , while it has also undergone study by scholars of religion .
Definition [ edit ]
Scholars of religion classify Raëlism as a new religious movement .
Raëlism has also been described as a UFO religion , a UFO movement , and an ETI religion .
It is possibly the largest UFO religion in existence , and in the mid-2000s , the scholar of religion Andreas Grünschloß described it as " one of the most consolidated UFO groups internationally active today . "
In its beliefs , Raëlism differs from many other UFO based movements , with the scholar of religion James R. Lewis calling it " the most thoroughly secular of all the UFO religions . "
Most other UFO religions , such as the Aetherius Society , Ashtar Command , and Heaven 's Gate , draw heavily on the beliefs of the late 19th century religion , Theosophy , although Raëlism does not .
The Raëlists have also been characterised as having a " belief in ufology " , although Raëlians themselves often stress that they do not regard themselves as Ufologists .
A public gathering of Raëlists in the Insa- dong neighbourhood of Seoul , South Korea
Raëlism is materialistic and rejects the existence of the supernatural , endorsing atheism and rejecting the idea that gods exist .
The religion 's founder , Raël , characterises traditional religion as irrational and unscientific , presenting his alternative as a movement that is free from " obscurantism and mysticism " .
Raëlians describe their belief system as a " scientific religion , " with the International Raëlian Movement using the motto " Science is our religion ; religion is our science . "
The movement places emphasis on the use of science to solve the world 's problems , and practitioners regard Raël as a pioneer of science who will one day be regarded alongside Galileo and Copernicus .
Many of its members refer to it as an " atheistic religion " , in this way drawing comparisons between it and Buddhism , which similarly does not promote the belief in gods .
Along with science , the other main source underlying Raël 's ideas is the Bible .
Noting the " central role " of the Bible in Raëlism , the scholar of religion Eugene V. Gallagher suggested that it was a " thoroughly biblical and thoroughly Christian " movement .
Similarly , the sociologist of religion Susan J. Palmer characterised Raëlism as being both fundamentalist and Abrahamic in its reliance on the Bible .
Raël nevertheless criticised Christianity for what he believed was its role in perverting the message of the Bible , and Raëlism is not inclusive of other religions , with new members being expected to formally renounce any previous religious affiliations .
In 1995 , a parliamentary commission issued a report through the National Assembly of France that categorized the Raelian Movement ( Mouvement Raëlien ) as a secte , a French term with the connotations of the English word " cult " . [ 28 ]
In 1997 , a parliamentary inquiry commission issued a report through the Belgian Chamber of Representatives that also categorized the Belgian Raelian Movement ( Mouvement Raëlien Belge ) as a secte . [ 29 ]
Glenn McGee , professor at the University of New Haven , stated that part of the sect is a cult while the other part is a commercial website that collects large sums of money from those interested in human cloning . [ 30 ]
Beliefs [ edit ]
In the early 2000s , the scholar of religion George D. Chryssides noted that Raëlism exhibits " a coherent worldview " , although added that the movement remained in the " very early developmental stage " .
The religion is based on the teachings of Raël .
Raël 's claims are taken literally by practitioners of Raëlism , who regard his writings as scripture .
Palmer thought that , from her extensive study of the movement and Raël himself , that he genuinely believed in the truth of his claims .
The sociologist of religion Christopher Partridge noted that Raëlianism exhibits " a strong physicalist belief system " .
Raëlism presents a form of the ancient astronauts theory which was well - known at the time that the religion was formed .
Several French authors , such as Jean Sendy , Serge Hutin , and Jacques Bergier , had already published books in the late 1960s and early 1970s stating that Earth was the outpost of an ancient extra-terrestrial society .
The Swiss writer Erich von Däniken had also famously presented the same idea during the 1960s ; his book Chariots of the Gods had been published in German in 1968 , after which it was published in French and English in 1970 .
Similar ideas had also been put forward in science - fiction , such as the U.S. television series Star Trek .
Raëlians themselves often deny the impact of von Däniken on the movement , instead believing that it comes entirely from Raël 's revelations .
The Elohim [ edit ]
A medallion displaying the Raëlian symbol ; practitioners typically wear these medallions to identify their beliefs
Raëlism teaches that there exists an extraterrestrial species known as the Elohim .
Raël stated that the word " Elohim " , which is used for God in the Old Testament , is actually a plural term which he translates as meaning " those who came from the sky . "
Individual members of the Elohim are referred to as " Eloha " by Raël .
He alleged that these aliens gave him the honorific name of " Raël " , a term deriving from " Israel " , and which he translates as meaning " the messenger of those who come from the sky . "
In his first book , Le Livre Qui Dit La Verité ( " The Book That Tells the Truth " ) , which was first published in 1974 , Raël claimed that he initially encountered these alien beings on 13 December 1973 , when he was 27 years old .
He stated that he was walking along the Puy de Lassolas volcanic crater in the Clermont - Ferrand mountains when one of their spaceships appeared and an Eloha emerged .
He stated that the Eloha asked him to return the following day and to bring a Bible with him .
Raël did so and the over the course of six days Eloha explained to him the true meaning of its contents , thus revealing more about the Elohim 's involvement in human history .
In his 1976 book Les Extra - Terrestes M'ont Emmené Sur Leur Planete ( " The Extraterrestrials Took Me to Their Planet " ) , Raël added that he was contacted by the Elohim again on 7 October 1975 , when they took him aboard their spaceship and transported him to their home planet .
Here he was offered six biological robot women with which to have sex , saw the Elohim create his clone , and taught the techniques of sensual meditation .
The scholar of religion James R. Lewis noted that Raël 's account of encountering the Elohim was similar to those of the " classic UFO contactees " of the 1950s and 1960s .
The Elohim are described as being physically smaller than humans , with pale green skin and almond - shaped eyes , and divide into seven different races , although Raëlians are forbidden from painting or sketching them .
Their planet , Raël stated , is outside our solar system but within our own Milky Way galaxy .
Raël alleged that there are 90,000 of these Elohim on their planet and that they are all quasi-immortal .
He commented that on their world , they do not wear clothes .
He added that they are all permitted to engage in free love with one another , and that sexual jealousy between them has been eliminated .
All are regarded as fairly feminine in their manner ; Raël states that " the most feminine woman on Earth is only 10 % as feminine as the Elohim . "
They are not allowed to procreate to have children and many undergo a sterilisation operation to ensure this .
He also reported that the Elohim are able to communicate with humans because they have an understanding of all human languages .
The Elohim on Earth [ edit ]
Raëlism teaches that around 25,000 years ago the Elohim arrived at the Earth and terraformed it so that biological life could emerge .
It states that the Elohim used their advanced technology to establish all life on the planet .
Raël characterises humans as " biological robots " that have been created and programmed by the Elohim .
Raëlism teaches that humanity is physically modelled on the Elohim ; for practitioners , this is indicated by the passage at Genesis 1:26 .
Also reflecting his own interpretation of Genesis , Raël teaches that the Elohim scientist responsible for creating humanity was named Yahweh and that the first two humans to be created were named Adam and Eve .
Raëlians believe that there were original seven human races , modelling the seven Elohim races , but that the purple , blue , and green races have died out .
In believing humanity was created by the Elohim , Raëlians reject Darwinian evolution and espouse creationism and intelligent design ; Raëlians call their approach " scientific creationism . "
Raëlians believe that the Elohim were also created by an earlier species , and they before them , ad infinitum .
They believe that the cosmos expands indefinitely , both in time and space ; infinity is an important concept for them .
Raëlians promoting their religion on a street in Japan ; one is dressed as an alien character mascot
Raëlians believe that accounts of gods in various mythologies around the world are misinterpretations of memories about the Elohim .
The movement holds that the sacred scriptures of many other religions describe the ongoing activities of the Elohim on Earth .
The tale of Adam and Eve 's expulsion from the Garden of Eden , recounted in Genesis , is for instance interpreted as reflecting humanity 's difficult transition from the Elohim 's laboratories to life on Earth , where they had to become self - sufficient .
The resurrection of Jesus of Nazareth , as presented in the Gospels , is described as reflecting how the Elohim cloned Jesus to restore him to life after physical death .
References to Satan are interpreted as referring to the head of a group on the Elohim 's planet who were opposed to genetic experiments on Earth and who argued that humanity should be destroyed as a potential threat .
According to the Raëlians , the Great Flood narrative recounts an attempt by the anti-human aliens to wipe out humanity , but that humanity was rescued by an alien spacecraft which provided the basis for the story of Noah 's Ark .
Various figures who established or inspired religious movements throughout human history , including Jesus , the Buddha , Muhammad , and Joseph Smith , are portrayed by the Raëlians as having been guided by the Elohim .
These are characterised as being 39 prophets sent to humanity at various points .
Each is believed to have revealed information to humanity that they could comprehend at the given time , and Raëlism therefore emphasises the idea of progressive truth .
Raël claims that he is the fortieth and final prophet of the Elohim , sent because humanity is now sufficiently developed to understand the truth about the Elohim .
He initially claimed that he was chosen for this role because he had a Roman Catholic mother and a Jewish father and was thus " an ideal link between two very important peoples in the history of the world . "
He added that he was also selected because he lived in France , which the Elohim considered a more open - minded country than most others .
Raël subsequently stated that these prophets are themselves the result of a human mother breeding with an Eloha father , with the human mothers having been chosen for the purity of their genetic code , beamed onto an Elohim spacecraft , impregnated , and then returned to Earth with their memory of the event erased .
In his 1979 book , Let 's Welcome Our Fathers from Space , Raël added that he was the biological son of the Eloha whom he first encountered , Yahweh .
He noted that Yahweh was also the father of Jesus , making the latter Raël 's half - brother .
In 2003 , Raël publicly identified himself as Maitreya , the prophesied future bodhisattva of Mahayana Buddhism .
He maintains that he continues to be in telepathic contact with the Elohim , hearing Yahweh 's voice guiding him in making decisions impacting the Raëlian movement .
The religion also teaches that the Elohim continue to monitor every human individual on Earth , remotely , from their planet .
This is done so that the Elohim can decide which individuals merit being offered the opportunity of eternal life .
It argues that the Elohim continue to visit the Earth , as evidenced by crop circles , which adherents regard as the landing spaces of the Elohim 's spacecraft .
Raëlians generally understand sightings of unidentified flying objects ( UFOs ) as confirmation of their belief in the Elohim , although their view of Ufology is ambiguous .
Raëlians also see the appearance of " angel hair " as evidence of the Elohim 's presence , stating that it has appeared at various Raëlian summer gatherings .
They typically express scepticism regarding claims by alleged alien contactees other than Raël .
Raëlians believe that they are all capable of linking in telepathically with the Elohim but that only Raël is permitted to physically meet with them or receive their revelations .
The Age of Apocalypse and the Elohim 's Return [ edit ]
A small - scale tent copy of the proposed Elohim embassy erected at a Raëlian seminar in Colombia
Raëlism is a millenarian movement .
Raël claims that since the U.S. military 's use of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945 , humanity have been living in the " Age of Apocalypse " or " Revelation . "
It states that the human species must now choose whether to use science and technology to enhance life or to use it to bring about nuclear annihilation .
It claims that if humans successfully get through this present age , they will live in an era of advanced technology in which society will be tolerant and sexually liberated .
Raël claimed that he was destined to help lead humanity away from its path of destruction .
According to Raël , moving into a peaceful age will trigger the return of the Elohim to Earth .
He added that they will bring them the 39 immortal prophets whom they had previously sent to guide humanity .
Raël stated that humanity has to build an embassy for the Elohim prior to their arrival on Earth and that it must include a landing pad for their spaceship .
He stated that it needed to be located on internationally recognised neutral territory so as not to indicate favour towards any one particular nation - state .
Initially , Raël sought permission to build it in Israel , explaining this by reference to how the ancient Israelites were once in contact with the Elohim .
He also stated that this embassy would constitute the " Third Temple " referred to in Jewish prophecy .
Receiving little support for this venture from the Israeli government , Raël instead suggested that a neighbouring country might be suitable , proposing Jordan , Syria , Lebanon , and Egypt as possible locations .
None of the governments of these countries were supportive .
Senior figures in the Raëlian Movement suggested Hawaii as a possible alternative , and in 1998 Raël stated that he had received a new revelation from the Elohim stating that this location would be acceptable .
Chryssides noted that should the Elohim not arrive in 2035 , the Raëlians will have to adapt to the new circumstance in which their eschatology remains unfulfilled .
On 16 April 1987 , the Chicago Sun-Times estimated the funding for the " cosmic kibbutz " at $ 1 million .
In 1997 –1998 , the funding had risen to $ 7 million . [ 93 ] [ 94 ] [ 95 ]
By 2001 , $ 9 million had been saved for the embassy , [ 96 ] : p. 64 and in October 2001 , the funding had reached $ 20 million . [ 97 ]
Once on Earth , Raël claims , the Elohim will share their advanced technology and scientific understanding with humanity and will help to usher in a utopia .
Raël teaches that the Elohim 's arrival with herald a new and improved political system on the Earth .
This will be a single world government that Raël terms a " geniocracy , " or " rule of geniuses , " and which he discusses in his fifth book , Geniocracy .
According to this system , only those who are fifty percent more intelligent that the average person will be permitted to rule .
Raël 's proposed geniocratic system bears similarities with the style of governance that Plato promoted in his work Republic .
Raëlians thus reject democracy , believing that it fails to ensure that society has the best leaders .
Raël claims that this future society will have no war , and crime will have been ended through genetic engineering .
In this future , Raël states , humanity will be able to travel beyond the Earth to colonise other planets .
He claims that robots will assume menial tasks , allowing humans to devote their time to pleasurable pursuits .
He also argued that there would be biological robots which would serve as sex slaves , akin to those which Raël states he encountered on his visit to the Elohim planet .
A single world currency will be introduced , as a prelude to the total abolition of money , while a unified world calendar will also be adopted .
Cloning and survival after death [ edit ]
Raëlians reject the existence of the ethereal soul that survives physical death , and instead argue that the only hope for immortality is through scientific means .
The Raëlians claim that the Elohim will clone and thus recreate dead individuals , but only those whom they feel merit this recreation .
In this , they believe in a " conditional immortality " , with immortality for a minority and oblivion for the majority .
The resurrection of Jesus , as recounted in the Gospels , is for instance explained as an example of Elohim cloning .
Raëlists advocate for the development of human cloning technology on Earth .
Raëlians also believe that deceased individuals can be cloned so that they could be put on trial and punished for their crimes .
Raël expressed an interest in cloning Adolf Hitler for war trials and retroactive punishment .
[ 107 ]
After the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States , in which the attackers committed suicide , the Raëlists proposed that they could be resurrected through cloning to stand trial for their actions .
[ 109 ]
Due to its emphasis on attaining immortality , Raëlism deplores suicide ; after the Heaven 's Gate group engaged in a mass suicide in 1997 , the Raëlian Church was among the new religions that issued press releases condemning suicide .
As opposed to the scientific definition of reproductive cloning which is simply the creation of a genetically identical living thing , Raëlians seek to both genetically clone individuals , rapidly accelerate growth of the clone to adulthood through a process like guided self - assembly of rapidly expanded cells or even nanotechnology .
[ 111 ]
Raël told lawmakers that banning the development of human cloning was comparable to outlawing medical advances such " antibiotics , blood transfusions , and vaccines . " [ 112 ]
Morality , ethics , and gender roles [ edit ]
A woman on a bed adorned with the Raëlian symbol
Raëlism insists on a strict ethical code for its followers .
Members are expected to take responsibility for their own actions , respect cultural and racial difference , promote non-violence , strive for world peace , and share wealth and resources .
They are also encouraged to uphold democracy , in the belief that humanity will ultimately make a democratic choice to introduce geniocracy .
The Raëlian view is that everything should be permitted so long as it harms no one and does not impede scientific and technological advance .
Members are nevertheless advised against using recreational drugs or stimulants so as not to harm their health , although some practitioners have acknowledged that they use alcohol and cigarettes .
John M. Bozeman characterised the religion 's approach to morality as " progressive , " while Palmer referred to the group 's " liberal social values " , and Chryssides described Raëlist values as being " worldly and hedonistic " .
The scholar of religion Paul Oliver noted that the movement 's ethics were " relativistic " in that practitioners were encouraged to act in a manner that they felt to be appropriate to the context .
Several scholars have also argued that it is a " world - affirming " religion , using the typology established by Roy Wallis .
Raël viewed gender as an artificial construct and emphasised its fluidity .
Raël avoided a macho persona and is instead often described by his followers as being " gentle " and " feminine " .
Palmer suggested that Raël regarded women as being superior to men because they were described as being more like the Elohim .
In Raël 's account , the inhabitants of the Elohim planet " have 10 percent of masculinity and 90 percent of femininity . "
Raël also proposed that if women were in positions of political power across the world , there would be no war .
The Raëlians have taken part in public protests for women 's rights , for instance to raise awareness about discrimination towards women .
At its June 2003 " Joy of Being Woman " demonstration , Raëlian women danced naked through the streets of Paris .
Palmer described the Raëlians as feminists , although Raël criticised mainstream feminism , arguing that it " copied the shortcomings of men " .
Generally adopting the view that the human body is highly malleable , Raëlism has taken a positive view of plastic surgery to improve physical appearance .
A Raëlist contingent on the street at the " Korea Queer Culture Festival " held in Seoul in 2014
Raëlism teaches that the Elohim created humanity to feel sexual desire as a panacea for their violent impulses .
It holds that through the pursuit of sexual pleasure , new pathways between the neurons in the brain are forged , thus enhancing an individual 's intelligence .
Raëlism encourages its members to explore their sexuality ; while Raël is often photographed with beautiful women and appears to be heterosexual , he encourages homosexual experimentation .
Adopting an accepting attitude towards different forms of sexual orientation and expression , Raëlism teaches that differences in sexual orientation are rooted in the Elohim 's primordial genetic programming and are something to be celebrated .
Researching about the Raëlians of Quebec , Palmer found that many avoided categorising themselves using terms like " heterosexual " , " homosexual " , or " bisexual " , finding these labels too limiting .
The Raëlians have stressed the need for respect and mutual consent in sexual behaviour .
The group places a strong taboo on incest , rape , and sexual activities involving children .
Anyone involved in the Movement found to have been involved in these latter activities is excommunicated , while Raël has recommended that paedophiles be castrated or placed in mental institutions .
Those believed to have forced unwelcome sexual attention on another is excommunicated from the Movement for seven years — the amount of time Raëlians believe it takes for all of a person 's biological cells to be regenerated .
The Raëlists reject both enforced monogamy and marriage , regarding these as institutions that have been enforced to enslave women and suppress sexual expression .
The movement discourages its members from marrying .
Members are also discouraged from contributing to global overpopulation ; members are urged not to have more than two children , and ideally none at all .
Raël states that should two individuals wish to procreate , their psychic control during the act of conception can have an impact on the child .
The Raëlists also believe that once human cloning has been developed , biological reproduction will be obsolete .
As well as supporting the use of birth control and contraceptives , Raëlists support the use of abortion to terminate unwanted pregnancies .
Raël has also argued that if a woman does not want a child who has been born then she should give it up to be raised by society .
Some Swiss government authorities responded to Raëlians ' views about Sensual Meditation with a fear that Raëlians are a threat to public morals for supporting liberalized sex education for children .
They express the view that such liberalized sex education teaches youngsters how to obtain sexual gratification which would encourage sexual abuse of underage children . [ 139 ]
Religious symbol [ edit ]
The two variants of the Raëlian logo ; the former uses the swastika in the centre and the latter a swirl representing the shape of a galaxy .
The latter was adopted to avoid the connotations of Nazism that the swastika has in Western countries .
The symbol initially used to signify Raëlism was a six - pointed star with a swastika in the centre .
Raël stated that this was the symbol he originally saw on the hull of the Elohim 's spaceship .
Raëlians regard this as a symbol of infinity .
Practitioners also believe that this symbol helps facilitate their own telepathic contact with the Elohim .
Raëlists typically wear a medallion of the symbol around their neck .
The Raëlian use of the swastika — a symbol that had been prominently used by Germany 's Nazi Party during the 1930s and 1940s — led to accusations from the Montreal anti-cult organization Info - Cult that the Raëlians promoted fascism and racism . [ 112 ]
Outside Info - Cult 's office , Raëlians spoke against the act of discriminating against a religious minority . [ 112 ]
On 2 January 1992 , a dozen people protested against the use of the swastika in the Raëlian logo in Miami's Eden Roc Hotel .
The use of the swastika and other Raelian practices has led to criticism from the group Hineni of Florida , an Orthodox Jewish organization . [ 144 ]
In 1992 , the Raëlian Movement altered their symbol , replacing the central swastika with a swirling shape .
They explained that this was due to a request from the Elohim to change the symbol in order to help in negotiations with Israel for the building of the Extraterrestrial Embassy , although the country continued to deny their request . [ 146 ]
Raël also stated that the change was made to show respect to the victims of the Holocaust .
The newly added swirling shape was explained as a depiction of a swirling galaxy .
In 2005 , the Israeli Raëlian Guide Kobi Drori stated that the Lebanese government was discussing proposals by the Raëlian movement to build their interplanetary embassy in Lebanon .
However , one condition was that the Raëlians not display their logo on top of the building because it mixes a swastika and a Star of David .
According to Drori , the Raëlians involved declined this offer , as they wished to keep the symbol as it was .
[ 147 ]
From 1991 to 2007 , the official Raëlian symbol in Europe and America did not have the original swastika , but Raël decided to make the original symbol , the Star of David intertwined with a swastika , the only official symbol of the Raelian Movement worldwide . [ 148 ]
Practices [ edit ]
Raëlism involves a series of monthly meetings , initiations , and meditation rituals .
Where possible , Raëlians congregate with fellow practitioners on the third Sunday of the month .
It is the group 's policy that these events take place in rented rooms rather than property that the Raëlian Movement itself has purchased .
At the monthly meetings in Montreal , Raël himself often appeared .
Raëlians drawing with sand
The main ritual in Raëlism is the " transmission of the cellular plan " , in which a Raëlian Guide placed their hands on another individual 's head , through which the Guide is believed to receive the individual 's cellular code and then telepathically transmit it to the Elohim .
Doing so denotes the initiate 's formal recognition of the Elohim as the creators of humanity .
This is used as part of the " baptism " , or initiation ceremony for new members joining the Movement .
Those in the Movement who hold the rank of bishop and priest are permitted to conduct these initiation ceremonies .
In some instances , when the necessary indivduals are present , Raël touches the head of a Raëlian bishop , who in turn touches that of a Raëlian priest , who touches the head of the initiate to ensure the " transmission " .
These " transmissions " are permitted to take place on one of four days in the year that play prominent role in the Raëlian calendar .
The first examples took place in April 1976 , when Raël carried out the " transmission " ceremonies of forty initiates on the Roc Plat .
The Raëlian calendar begins with the nuclear bombing of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 .
Each year after this date is referred to as " AH " or " après Hiroshima " ( " after Hiroshima " ) .
The Raëlians celebrate four religious festivals each year , each marking one of Raël 's encounters or revelations from the Elohim .
These are the first Sunday in April , which is the date on which Raëlians believe the Elohim created the first humans ; 6 August , which marks the day of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima in 1945 ; 7 October , which is the day in which Raël claims he encountered the Elohim for the second time , in 1974 ; and 13 December , marking the day that Raël allegedly first encountered the Elohim in 1973 .
Sensual meditation [ edit ]
A key practice in Raëlism is sensual meditation , something that Raël outlined in his 1980 book La méditation sensuelle .
Raëlians are encouraged to take part in this guided meditation or visualisation on a daily basis , with the intent of transmitting love and telepathic links to the Elohim and achieving harmony with infinity .
In this , practitioners are often assisted in this meditation through listening to an instruction tape .
Sensual meditation sessions also take place communally at the group 's monthly meetings , during which the assembled adherents sit or lie on the floor in a dimly lit room .
They are then guided through it by a Raëlian Guide speaking through a microphone ; the meditation may be accompanied by New Age music .
Sensual meditation begins with a relaxation exercise known as harmonisation avec l'infini ( " harmonization with the infinite " .
One stage of this process is " oxygenation " , which entails deep breathing .
Practitioners are taught to relax and then envision themselves expanding their frame of reference until the self becomes only a tiny speck within the universe .
They are then tasked with visualising the bones and organs of the body , and ultimately the atoms within the body itself .
The guided meditation they encourages the meditators to imagine themselves being on the Elohim 's planet and telepathically communicating with these aliens .
Palmer found that Raëlians varyingly described a sense of physical well - being , psychic abilities , or sexual arousal during these meditations and interpreted these as evidence that they were in telepathic contact with the Elohim .
The goal of sensual meditation is to achieve a " cosmic orgasm " , which is characterised as the ultimate experience a person can have .
Palmer quoted one senior Raëlian as describing the " cosmic orgasm " as " the sensual experience of the unity between the self and the universe . "
History [ edit ]
Origins [ edit ]
Claude Vorilhon was born in Ambert , France on 30 September 1946 .
He was the illegitimate son of a 15 - year - old mother ; his father had been a Sephardi Jew then in hiding from the Nazi authorities .
Vorilhon later recounted being raised as an atheist by his grandmother and aunt , although for a time attended a Roman Catholic boarding school .
As a teenager , Vorilhon hitch - hiked to Paris where he pursued a career as a singer , having several hit singles under the name " Claude Celleir . "
He then married a nurse and had two children with her .
In 1973 , he founded the racing car magazine Auto Pop and also worked as a test driver for such vehicles .
In November 1973 , a new law was introduced in France banning speeding on the highway , ending his work as a test driver .
Auto Pop ceased publication in September 1974 .
The Puy Lassolas , the mountain where Raël claimed he first encountered the Elohim in 1973
There had been a range of reported UFO sightings in 1970s France , and the ancient astronaut theory was " very much in vogue " in the country by the middle of that decade .
In early 1974 , Vorilhon announced that in December 1973 he had been contacted by the Elohim while walking along the Puy Lassolas mountain .
He began promoting these ideas in interviews on French television and radio .
He began lecturing on his alleged experiences in Paris , where he attracted a group of followers , many of whom were science - fiction fans or amateur ufologists .
In December 1974 an organisation based on his ideas , the Mouvement pour l'accueil des Elohims créateurs de l'humanite ( MADECH ; " Movement for the Welcoming of the Elohim , Creators of Humanity " ) , was launched .
Vorilhon began referring to himself as " Raël . "
A newsletter , Apocalypse , began publication in October 1974 .
MADECH began raising money for the self - publication of Vorilhon 's first book , which appeared as Le Livre Qui Dit La Verité that year .
Raëlians treat his first book with reverence , often referring to it simple as Le livré ( " the book " ) .
Some members of MADECH wanted the organisation to take a broader interest in Ufology beyond Raël 's own claims and also desired to restrict his authority within the group .
Amid an internal power struggle , Raël called an emergency meeting in April 1975 ; the feud continued and in July he dismissed MADECH 's executives and replaced them with seven of his own supporters .
Raël also announced that he had been contacted by the Elohim for a second time and that on this occasion they had taken him to visit their planet .
He outlined these claims in his 1975 book Les Extra - Terrestes M'ont Emmené Sur Leur Planete .
Opposition to Raël remained evident in MADECH and in 1976 he disbanded the group , launching the Raëlian Movement as a replacement in February 1976 .
It operated along a strict hierarchy , with Raël as its leader , referred to as the " Guide of Guides . "
Unlike MADECH , it promoted a broader religious structure , including ritual practices .
It continued publication of Apocalypse to spread its message .
In 1976 , the Raëlians launched a mission to the Canadian province of Quebec to attract converts in the Francophone region .
The following year a Quebecois branch of the Movement was established .
Raël 's first two books were then published in a single English edition , titled Space Aliens Took Me to Their Planet in 1978 and republished as The Message Given To Me By Extra - Terrestrials : They Took Me to their Planet in 1986 and , in a new translation , as The Final Message in 1998 .
He expanded on his ideas with several additional books : Accueiller Les Extra-Terrestes in 1979 ( translated as Let's Welcome Our Fathers from Space in 1986 ) , La Méditation Sensuelle in 1980 ( translated as Sensual Meditation in 1986 ) , and Geniocracy .
Later development [ edit ]
Two Raëlians visiting UFOLand , the Quebec museum which the Raëlians established in 1997
In 1980 , the Raëlians launched their mission to Japan , followed by one to Africa in 1982 , and one to Australia in 1990 .
In the early 1980s the Movement also bought a campground near Albi in southern France , which they named Eden .
In 1984 , Raël underwent a year 's retreat in which he avoided public appearance .
The following year , his first wife left both him and the movement ; he subsequently embarked on a relationship with a Japanese Raëlian , Lisa Sunagawa , for several years .
In the mid-1990s , Raël returned to his hobby of motor racing , competing in the 1995 Canadian Grand Prix and the 1998 Motorola Cup in Miami before retiring from the sport in 2001 .
In 1992 , a schism appeared in the movement as a group of around forty practitioners were expelled .
They formed a rival , smaller group , the Apostles of the Last Days , espousing the belief that Raël had been the original mouthpiece of the Elohim but had been taken over by Satan .
In 1992 , the Raëlian Movement bought 115 hectares of land near Valcourt in Quebec , naming this property Le Jardin du Prophète ( " the Garden of the Prophet " ) .
It was on this property in 1997 that the organisation opened UFOLand , a museum about ufology .
Its purpose was to raise money for the Elohim Embassy , but in 2001 it closed to the public , having proved financially unviable to maintain .
It was also in 1997 , a month after Ian Wilmut announced the birth of Dolly the Sheep , a successful clone , that Raël established Valiant Venture as a company to explore the commercial applications of cloning technology .
Through it came Clonaid , of which the Raëlian Bishop Brigitte Boisselier was co-founder , director , and spokesperson .
The launch of this group and its promotion of human cloning incited much debate among other religious figures , scientists , and ethicists .
Raël and Boisselier both spoke before US President Bill Clinton 's Congress hearing on the topic of human cloning in March 2001 .
At the July 1998 training camp in the Jardins des Prophètes , Raël announced that in December 1997 he had received another revelation from the Elohim , commanding him to form a new grouping within the Raëlian Movement , the Order of Raël 's Angels .
This was to be a secret society , open only to women who would become the consorts of the Elohim after their arrival on Earth .
A newsletter , Plumes d'Anges ( Angel Feathers ) , was then issued containing information about the Order .
Palmer noted that by emphasising the unique qualities of women , the formation of this group challenged the established Raëlian view that men and women are wholly equal and interchangeable .
Brigitte Boisselier ( left ) took on a senior role in the Raëlian Movement
In 2001 , Raël toured Asia , giving seminars .
That year he married for a second time , to a 16 - year old ballet student .
Raëlism discourages marriage , and this instance was done for expediency , because he had been questioned by customs officials when traveling with her across borders .
They subsequently divorced but continued to live together as a couple .
In November 2002 , a local man vandalised the group 's Jardins des Prophètes property , causing significant damage .
Raël stated that this had been a preliminary test of the " Abraham Project , " a joint operation between the Central Intelligence Agency and the French intelligence agencies to assassinate him using schizophrenics under a form of mind control .
In December 2002 Boisselier announced that Clonaid 's work had resulted in the birth of a baby , Eve , which she claimed was the world 's first human clone .
The child was not presented for scrutiny by scientists ; thus , the IRM 's allegations regarding Baby Eve were never substantiated by the scientific community .
Many commentators believed that the announcement had been a hoax , and it brought much ridicule of the Raëlians .
In January 2003 the Raëlians declared that the parents of Eve had gone underground to evade attention .
The appearance of Baby Eve gained the Raëlians much international press coverage , with the group claiming this publicity brought it around 5000 new members .
Boisellier periodically announced that further clones infants had been born , in the Netherlands , Japan , South Korea , and Australia , although the press increasingly believed the situation was a hoax and started boycotting Raëlian press conferences .
In January 2003 , Raël announced Boisellier as his appointed successor .
That year , he also published The Maitreya , in which he identified himself with the eponymous figure from Buddhist prophecy .
In response to Raël 's association with Clonaid , South Korean immigration authorities at the airport denied him entry into their country in 2003 .
[ 205 ]
This decision led to the quick cancellation of the planned Raëlian seminar which seven hundred registered for .
Raëlians of South Korea were instructed by Raël to protest near the Ministry of Health and Welfare that ordered him to leave . [ 205 ] [ 206 ]
Officials detained Raël for nine hours at Incheon International Airport before he and his wife Sophie de Niverville left for Tokyo from where they took another plane on their way back to Canada .
Raël responded by saying that Korean officials treated him like a " North Korean " and that he would wait for an apology before coming back to Korea . [ 206 ]
Raël appeared alongside a group of women , " Raël 's Girls " , in the October 2004 issue of Playboy .
[ 207 ]
In 2009 , the Church announced plans for a new UFOLand in Las Vegas .
Organisation and structure [ edit ]
The main organisation is known as the International Raëlian Movement ( IRM ) , which is also known as the Raëlian Church .
A strictly hierarchical organisation , there are two levels of membership .
The majority of members are referred to simply as " Raëlians " , while those who are in the higher levels controlling the Movement are referred to as the " Structure . "
Member hierarchy [ edit ]
Level 6 :
Guide of Guides
Planetary guide Level 5 :
Bishop Level 4 :
Priest Level 3 :
Assistant Priest Continental head
National guide
Regional guide National guide
Regional guide Regional guide Level 2 :
Organizer Level 1 :
Assistant Organizer Level 0 :
Trainee Sources [ 211 ] [ 212 ]
The Structure is divided along a six - tiered system .
Raël is at the top of the Raëlian Church , being referred to as the " Guide of Guides . "
Senior members of the Structure re-elect him to that position each seven years .
Below Raël are the " Bishop Guides " , then the " Priest Guides " , then the " Animators " , then the " Assistant Animators " , and finally the " Probationers " .
Those characterised as " Guides " are expected to be exemplars for the rest of the movement , for instance by strictly adhering to the avoidance of alcohol , caffeine , and recreational drugs .
Race , gender , and sexual orientation are no barrier to rising through the ranks of the group 's leadership structure .
However , Palmer noted that by the mid-1990s there were few women in leadership positions within the organisation .
Members of the Raëlian structure begin as level 0 " trainees " during annual seminars .
The Raelian structure said in 2007 to have about 2,300 members , [ 215 ] 170 " Raëlian guides " , [ 216 ] and 41 bishops . [ 217 ]
Three Raëlian Bishops sit on a " Council of the Wise " which monitors heresy and arranges punishment for transgressors .
When they seek to punish an individual it is usually for a seven - year " excommunication " ; it lasts seven years because Raëlians believe that it takes this long for every cell in the human body to be replaced .
In more severe cases , the Council can oversee a " demarking " , by which they cancel the transmission of the cellular code , believing that this revokes the individual 's hope for immortality through cloning .
Members pay an annual membership fee to the Raëlian Movement .
Full members of the Movement are encouraged to tithe ten percent of their income to go to the organisation , although this is not enforced .
This tithe is then divided up , with 3 % going to the national branch and 7 % to the International Movement 's central administration .
An additional 1 % may go to Raël himself .
In her research , Palmer found many practitioners who admitted to not paying the tithe .
It is these tithes and membership fees , coupled with the sales of Raël 's books , that represent the International Raëlian Movement 's main income .
This money is then saved toward the construction of the Elohim Embassy or spent on the production of flyers , books , videos , and other material used to disseminate the Raëlian message .
According to Michel Beluet , the former director of a Raëlian - built museum called UFOland , the only pressure exerted on members is to attend annual Raëlian seminars , which allows members convinced of Raël 's enthusiasm to voluntarily tithe . [ 96 ] : p. 209 Palmer cited Raël , who said that more than 60 % of the Raëlian Movement 's members do not tithe . [ 96 ] : p. 64 Dawson College students conducted a survey of the membership in Canada in 1991 which found that only one - third of respondents tithed .
[ 96 ] : p. 209
The group initially owned a country estate in Albi , France , before later obtaining one in Valcourt , Quebec .
Order of Angels [ edit ]
Women make up only a third of the membership in the Raëlian Church . [ 96 ] : p. 117 In 1998 , Raël established a new , all - female group within the broader movement known as the Order of Raël 's Angels , the members of which are trained to become the consorts of the Elohim .
He stated that these women would be the only humans permitted contact with the Elohim after the latter arrive on Earth , and that they will be the only people allowed to enter the Elohim 's embassy .
He further adds that they will serve as the Elohim 's liaisons with human politicians , scientists , and journalists .
Raël stated that it was only women who could be Angels because men were not feminine enough for the extremely gentle , delicate , and sensitive Elohim .
Transwomen were permitted entry ; Raël praised one transsexual member for " choosing to be a woman . "
Raëlian women at the " Korea Love Hug " festival in Seoul , South Korea
The Order of Raël 's Angels is organised around a six - tiered structure , mirroring the six - tiered structure of the Raëlian Movement as a whole .
Raël divides the Angels into three groups : the White , Pink , and Golden Ribbon Angels .
White Angels wear white feathers on a necklace , can choose human lovers , and are tasked with operating in the world to attract more women into the Raëlian movement .
Pink Angels wear a pink feather on a necklace and are considered by Raël to be the " Chosen Ones " who will become the consorts of the Elohim .
They are expected to live a sequestered life , initially in the Jardins des Prophètes community , and are expected to reserve their sexual activity for the extraterrestrials .
The Gold Ribbon Angels are characterised by a gold cord worn around the neck .
They are handpicked by Raël for their physical beauty , and are described as being the first humans who will approach the Elohim on the latter 's arrival on Earth .
The Pink and Gold Ribbon Angels are expected to abstain from sexual activity with most other humans but should receive instruction in alien lovemaking from Raël himself as well as engaging in sexual acts alone or with other Angels .
The Angels are meant to cultivate their feminine and nurturing side .
They tasked with pursuing self - transformation , striving to please the Elohim and resemble them more closely by cultivating discipline , serenity , harmony , purity , humility , charisma , and both internal and external beauty .
The Angels are instructed to regularly pray to the Elohim and engage in much meditation .
They are encouraged to limit their meat consumption and to avoid eating carbohydrates and sugar so as to maintain their physical beauty .
They have proved useful for the group 's public relations and have also provided volunteers for its human cloning experiments .
[ 230 ]
The Order has also engaged in the selling of human ova on the internet , launching a website to do so in 1999 .
Raël stated that this would help the Angels achieve financial independence .
The Order was insulated from the rest of the movement , with the Angels ' living quarters for instance being off - limits to non-Angels .
Access to the Angels is strictly limited for both journalists and scholars .
Gold Ribbon
Angels have been demoted from this status as they have aged , on the explanation that as their physical beauty has deteriorated they are no longer suited to greeting the Elohim .
These demoted individuals are then tasked with training up younger replacements .
Other individuals have been stripped of their status as Angels altogether , when they are perceived to have acted in contravention of the group 's ethos .
The initiation rites include declaring an oath or making a contract in which one agrees to become defender of the Raëlian ideology and its founder Raël . [ 236 ] [ 237 ]
The Order of Angels has its own hierarchy of " rose angels " and " white angels " which , as of 2003 , are six and 160 women , respectively . [ 238 ]
A few days later , Time magazine wrote that French chemist Brigitte Boisselier was an Order of Angels member . [ 239 ]
Around this time , cult specialist Mike Kropveld called the Order of Angels " one of the most transparent movements " he had witnessed , though he was alarmed by the women 's promise to defend Raël 's life with their own bodies . [ 237 ]
Raël has instructed some women members to play a pro-sex feminist role in the Raëlian Church .
" Rael 's Girls " is another group of women in the movement which are against the suppression of feminine acts of pleasure , including sexual intercourse with men or women .
Rael 's Girls solely consists of women who work in the sex industry . [ 240 ]
The women of Rael 's Girls say there is no reason to repent for performing striptease or being a prostitute . [ 240 ] [ 241 ]
This organization was set up " to support the choice of the women who are working in the sex industry " . [ 242 ]
Seminars [ edit ]
A Raëlian protest sign is raised at political rally demanding the return of U.S. troops from foreign military engagements
The Raëlian Church holds week - long summer seminars known as " Stages of Awakening . "
These include daily lectures by Raël , sensual meditation sessions , periods of fasting and feasting , testimonials , and various alternative therapies .
These seminars are used by Raëlians as an opportunity to form friendships or sexual relationships .
Attendees at these seminars wear white togas with name tags ; they have also used colored bracelets to indicate whether they wanted to be alone , be in a couple , or simply meet people . [ 243 ]
On a yearly basis , Raëlian members organize seminars that are often attractive to the sexually adventurous . [ 244 ]
At one camp , participants were invited to dress in the clothes of the opposite gender as part of an exercise to play with the fluidity of gender expression . [ 236 ]
Activities such as observations of one 's own genitals and masturbation with them disturbed Brigitte McCann , a Calgary Sun reporter who entered one of the Raëlian seminars .
[ 245 ]
Susan J. Palmer said a French journalist went to a Raëlian Seminar in 1991 and taped couples having sexual intercourse in tents .
These tapes gained widespread negative publicity — with news stories that described these practices as perverted and a form of brainwashing .
[ 112 ]
Following these seminars , a second seminar , this time restricted to members of the Structure , takes place .
Other activities , outreach and advocacy [ edit ]
The International Raëlian Movement have established a range of projects through which to promote their ideology .
In February 1997 , they created Clonaid , a company devoted to human cloning .
Individuals can bank a sample of their DNA with the group , which offers to then produce a single clone of the individual after they die .
Another Raëlian company , Ovulaid , seeks to provide ovaries for individuals and couples who cannot biologically produce their offspring .
It expresses its intention to develop technologies that can create " designer babies " to the desired specification of their client .
An additional project was Insuraclone , designed to clone organs for an individual in the event of future organ failure , and Clonapet , which stated that it would clone people 's pets after they had died .
In 2000 , the Raëlians launched NOPEDO , a group to combat paedophilia .
In 2009 it launched its " Adopt a Clitoris " project to raise money to create a hospital in Africa to reverse damage caused by female genital mutilation ( FGM ) ; it has also established Clitoraid , an organization whose mission is to oppose FGM . [ 249 ]
Another of the groups established by the Raëlian Church is the Raëlian Association of Sexual Minorities ( ARAMAIS ) , an LGBT rights group .
Activism [ edit ]
Raëlians protesting the South Korean government 's ban on Raël entering the country
The Raëlians are known for their social and political activism , specifically for women 's rights , gay rights , opposition to racism , banning nuclear testing , and promoting genetically - modified foods .
Throughout the history of Raëlism , members of the Raëlian Church have toured public settings advocating masturbation , condoms and birth control . [ 230 ]
Pro-GMO : On 6 August 2003 , the first day of Raëlian year 58 AH , [ 251 ] a tech article on the USA Today newspaper mentions an " unlikely ally " of the Monsanto Company , the Raëlian Movement of Brazil .
The movement gave vocal support in response to the company 's support for genetically modified organisms particularly in their country .
Brazilian farmers have been using Monsanto 's genetically engineered soy plants as well as the Roundup herbicide to which it was artificially adapted .
The Raëlians spoke against the Brazilian government 's ban on GMOs . [ 252 ]
The movement is supportive of genetically - modified foods .
Anti-war :
In 2006 , About 30 Raëlians , some topless , took part in an anti-war demonstration in Seoul , South Korea . [ 253 ]
In 2003 , Raëlians in white alien costumes bore signs bearing the message " NO WAR ... ET wants Peace , too ! " to protest the 2003 Invasion of Iraq . [ 254 ]
Anti-Catholic :
In 1992 Catholic schools in Montreal , Quebec , Canada objected to a proposed condom vending machine as contrary to their mission .
In response , Raëlian guides , in an event dubbed " Operation Condom " , gave the Catholic students ten thousand condoms .
The Commissioner of Catholic schools for Montreal said they could do nothing to stop them . [ 112 ] [ 255 ]
Raël presents himself as an opponent of the Roman Catholic Church in his writings , criticising it for perverting the meaning of the Bible .
In July 2001 , Raëlians distributed leaflets on the streets of Italy and Switzerland protesting the existence of over a hundred child molesters among Roman Catholic clergy in France .
They recommended that parents should not send their children to Catholic confession .
The Episcopal vicar of Geneva sued the Raëlian Church for libel but did not win . [ 96 ] : p. 91[ 256 ]
The judge did not accept the charges for the reason that the Raëlians were not attacking the whole of the Catholic Church . [ 96 ] : p. 91 In October 2002 , Raëlians in a Canadian anti-clerical parade handed out Christian crosses to high school students .
The students were invited to burn the crosses in a park not far from Montreal 's Mount Royal and to sign letters of apostasy from the Roman Catholic Church .
The Quebec Association of Bishops called this " incitement to hatred " , and several school boards attempted to prevent their students from meeting Raëlians . [ 96 ] : p. 92
Topless Rights of Women [ edit ]
Several Raëlian groups in the United States have organized annual protests , claiming that women should have the same legal right to go topless in public that men enjoy without fear of arrest for indecent exposure . [ 257 ]
Some have called this a publicity stunt designed to recruit members .
Go Topless
Day is their annual event , with women protesting topless except for nipple pasties to avoid arrest .
It is held near 26 August , the anniversary of the day women were given the USA right to vote . [ 258 ]
Intentional controversy [ edit ]
Palmer stated that the Raëlian Movement was involved in " concocting , then carefully monitoring , a mild level of cultural conflict " to generate publicity for the group .
She compared this deliberate use of controversy to the actions of Anton LaVey 's Church of Satan , which behaved in a similar fashion during the 1960s and 1970s .
This view is shared by Mike Kropveld , executive director of Info - Cult , who says the controversy leads to criticism by both religious and non-religious people . [ 237 ]
Palmer also noted that Raël engages in " blatant courtship of the media " to draw attention to his movement .
When media has adopted a mocking tone toward the religion , Raël has urged its followers to defend their beliefs , resulting in letter writing campaigns and sometimes lawsuits .
In 1992 , the IRM launched a series of protests after the Montreal Catholic School Commission decided to veto the addition of condom machines to the bathrooms of Roman Catholic high schools in Quebec .
The Raëlians parked a " condom - mobile " outside Roman Catholic high schools in Quebec and Ontario from which they dispensed contraceptives to the pupils .
In 1993 , the Raëlians organised a conference on masturbation in Quebec , at which speeches were given by Raël , Betty Dodson , and Daniel Chaloot .
Advertising this cause , Raëlians handed out badges with " Out à la masturbation " written on them to attendees at the Montreal Jazz Festival .
The book Yes to Human Cloning ( 2001 ) attracted media attention after its release , including segments on 20/20 and 60 Minutes . [ 263 ] : p. 156 Biophysicist Gregory Stock described the Raëlian Clonaid project as " sufficiently quirky to command instant media attention . " [ 264 ] : p. 157
It has been estimated that the group received free publicity worth US $ 500 million as a result of the Clonaid announcement . [ 265 ] : p. 15 Mark Hunt , a lawyer and politician who wished to clone his dead son with the help of the Clonaid services , was overwhelmed by the volume of media attention and in an interview said that Clonaid 's chief executive had become a " press hog " . [ 266 ] : p. 170 [ 267 ] :p. 283[268]:356
Demographics [ edit ]
Raëlians promoting " Go Topless Day " in Paris in 2018
Established in France , Raëlism initially spread in Francophone areas of Europe , Africa , and North America .
In 1999 , Bozeman noted that the Movement had around 35,000 members , while in 2003 Chryssides stated that it had about 55,000 members worldwide .
By the early 2010s , the group was claiming 60,000 members internationally , something which Palmer and Sentes thought was " probably inflated " .
As of the mid-1990s , membership clustered predominantly in France , Quebec , and Japan .
Palmer noted that in Canada , Raëlism had faced difficulty spreading from Quebec and into the country 's Anglophone provinces .
In 1989 , the sociologist Eileen Barker noted that there were " only a dozen or so " committed members of the movement in Britain .
In 2001 , the sociologist David V. Barrett suggested that there were around 40 to 50 committed members in the country and around 500 sympathisers .
In 2003 , Chryssides commented that there were about 40 members and 200 sympathisers in Britain .
An internal survey of the group 's members in 1988 found that there were almost double as many men as women in the Movement .
Similarly , based on her attendance at Raëlian events in Quebec , Palmer noted that men usually outnumbered women .
She noted that many of the men acted in an effeminate fashion , and were often attracted to other men .
Palmer also observed several transvestites at the meetings , and found that a significant number of the women present worked as strippers .
On these grounds , she suggested that Raëlism had a particular appeal for " people who define themselves as sexually marginal " .
Palmer also suggested that Raëlism had an appeal for " committed atheists who are hopelessly secularized yet suffering from the existential angst of living in a world devoid of order and higher values . "
Conversion and deconversion [ edit ]
Raëlians engage in missionary activities to attract new people to their religion .
Members buy books written by Raël and then sell them on the street , hoping to recoup their original costs in doing so .
Raëlians often encounter much resistance to their attempts to convert others ;
Raël explains that this is to be expected , for the Elohim told him that only 4 % of humanity is intelligent enough to be receptive to the Raëlian message .
Any Raëlian found trying to force someone to convert is barred from the organisation for seven years , the period which Raëlians believe it takes for every cell in the body to be replaced .
A Raëlian lecturing on his religion at Onyang High School in South Korea
Since 1979 , new members of the Raëlian Movement have been expected to sign an " Act of Apostasy , " and send a letter of apostasy to any religious organisation that they were previously involved with .
They also sign a contract permitting a mortician to cut a piece of bone from their forehead after death , which they understand as the " Third Eye . "
This specimen will be stored in ice at a Swiss facility until the Elohim return , at which point it could be used to facilitate the cloning of the deceased individual .
This process is known as the " lifting of the frontal bone . "
In addition , those joining are expected to bequeath their assets to the local Raëlian group , although this is not obligatory .
Former clergy of mainstream religions have joined the Raëlian Church , especially in Quebec . [ 277 ] [ 278 ] [ 279 ]
The structure of the movement had promoted some of them to the level of Priest or Bishop due to " extensive Bible training and teaching skills " .
[ 278 ]
Two ex-Roman Catholic priests , Victor Legendre [ 279 ] and Charles - Yvan Giroux , [ 280 ] converted to Raëlianism . [ 281 ]
A former bishop of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) joined the Raelian Movement so that he could be openly homosexual .
[ 277 ]
Raëlian Mark Woodgate stated that 8 % of Raëlians worldwide are former Latter - day Saints .
Couples who have converted from different religions from each other are common , especially with spouses who were Christians or Buddhists . [ 282 ]
Reception [ edit ]
The Raëlist movement has also undergone academic research from scholars of religion , especially from Susan J. Palmer , who first encountered the movement in Montreal in 1987 .
She initially thought that she " had never encountered an NRM that was so cooperative , that actually liked being studied . "
Between 2002 and 2003 , Palmer was blacklisted by the group , banned from attending any more of its meetings .
The group informed Palmer that she had now lost the opportunity to meet the Elohim on their arrival .
Palmer then drew upon both her interviews with active members and Raël 's published monographs to produce her book on Raëlism , Aliens Adored .
Palmer noted that in wider society , Raëlism is " universally mocked " ; Chryssides noted that at conferences of scholars of religion , where individuals are accustomed to studying a broad and diverse range of belief systems , attendees still often treated Raëlian beliefs with " incredulity or even mirth " .
A group of Raëlians protesting for gay rights in Wien , Austria
Lewis noted that people who were not part of the Raëlian Movement tend to view Raël 's claims , as presented in his writing , as a conscious forgery .
Raëlism has received a critical reception from both ex-Raëlians and members of the anti-cult movement .
Jean - Denis Saint - Cyr , a former high - ranking member of the Raëlian movement , for instance accused Raël of plagiarising the earlier writings of Sendy in creating his religion .
Another prominent apostate , the Quebecois Erick Lamarche — who calls himself Exraël — broke away while claiming that far too much money was being donated to Raël and the senior members so that they could have luxurious lifestyles .
Critics have argued that in promoting a governance system whereby people are graded by their intelligence , coupled with its emphasis on genetic engineering , Raëlism bears similarities with Nazism .
These allegations of neo -Nazi sympathies have also included emphasising the Raëlian use of the swastika as a symbol .
Palmer related that journalists she had encountered were often " fishing " for " bad things " to say about the Raëlians .
Many journalists sought to portray Raël as a danger to his followers , akin to David Koresh or Jim Jones , although Palmer thought this " ludicrous " , stating that Raël was " not prone to violence " .
Journalists also sought to present him as someone who sexually exploited his female members , which again Palmer found no evidence for .
Following statements that the Order of Raël 's Angels would do anything for Raël , there was also press speculation that the group would engage in mass suicide akin to that of the Order of the Solar Temple .
Palmer argued that the Raëlians lacked the paranoid mentality and demonization of the outside world that had been common to new religious movements that resorted to violence .
In 2005 , two amateur documentary makers , Abdullah Hashem and Joseph McGowen , were welcomed into a Raëlian seminar and had permission to videotape it .
They stated that the footage they took makes it clear that the Raelian Movement is a cult which should disband .
A Raëlian guide said in a Wired News interview that he was not ashamed of what is shown and that he has no concerns about this incident .
[ 296 ] [ 297 ]
In " International Raelian Movement v. Hashem , " which began in 2008 , the IRM filed multiple motions claiming that the purported filmmakers had misrepresented themselves in the making of the film , and had filmed the " documentary " intending to gain access to copyrighted materials and commit defamation and fraud .
[ 298 ]
The IRM also alleged the defendants had engaged in several criminal acts , under the RICO Act , including mail and wire fraud , threats of violence , blackmail , extortion and money laundering .
McGowen responded to , and was dismissed from , the lawsuit in 2009 .
A default judgement was made against Hashem in August 2011 , because " the defaulting defendants have not appeared , have not opposed plaintiff 's motions in any way , and have made no showing that their failure to respond to the complaint is due to excusable neglect . "
Hashem was ordered to return the film footage to IRM within 30 days of the decision , although motions for summary damages by IRM were denied , with the court stating they had " failed to offer evidence of a concrete financial loss proximately caused by defendants . " [ 299 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Barker , Eileen ( 1989 ) .
New Religious Movements : A Practical Introduction .
London : Her Majesty 's Stationary Office .
ISBN 978-0113409273 .
Barrett , David V. ( 2001 ) .
The New Believers : A Survey of Sects , Cults and Alternative Religions .
London : Cassell and Co. ISBN 978-0304355921 .
Botz - Bornstein , T. ( 2017 ) .
" How Would You Dress in Utopia ?
Raëlism and the Aesthetics of Genes : A Philosophical Analysis " .
Alternative Spirituality and Religion Review . 8 ( 1 ) . pp. 37–61 . doi:10.5840/asrr201751134 .
Bozeman , John M. ( 1999 ) .
" Field Notes : The Raelian Religion — Achieving Human Immortality Through Cloning " .
Nova Religio : The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions . 3 ( 1 ) . pp. 154–156 . doi:10.1525/nr.1999.3.1.154 .
JSTOR /10.1525/nr.1999.3.1.154 .
Chryssides , George D. ( 2003 ) .
" Scientific Creationism : A Study of the Raëlian Church " .
In Christopher Partridge ( ed. ) .
UFO Religions .
London and New York : Routledge . pp. 45 –61 . ISBN 978-0415263245 .
Gallagher , Eugene V. ( 2010 ) .
" Extraterrestrial Exegesis : The Raëlian Movement as a Biblical Religion " .
Nova Religio : The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions .
14 ( 2 ) . pp. 14–33 . JSTOR 10.1525/nr.2010.14.2.14 .
Grünschloß , Andreas ( 2004 ) .
" Waiting for the " Big Beam " : UFO Religions and " Ufological " Themes in New Religious Movements " .
In James R. Lewis ( ed. ) .
The Oxford Handbook of New Religious Movements .
New York and Oxford : Oxford University Press. pp. 419–444 . ISBN 978-0195369649 .
Lewis , James R. ( 2003 ) .
Legitimating New Religions .
New Brunswick : Rutgers University Press . ISBN 978-0813533230 .
Lewis , James R. ( 2010 ) .
" How Religions Appeal to the Authority of Science " .
In James R. Lewis and Olav Hammer ( ed. ) .
Handbook of Religion and the Authority of Science .
Leiden : Brill . pp. 23–40 . ISBN 978-9004187917 .
Lewis , James R. ( 2014 ) .
" Using the " F - Word " in Religious Studies : Toward a General Model of Sacred Forgeries " .
Alternative Spirituality and Religion Review . 5 ( 2 ) . pp. 188–204 . doi:10.5840/asrr2015221 .
Oliver , Paul ( 2012 ) .
New Religious Movements : A Guide for the Perplexed .
London and New York : Continuum .
ISBN 978-1441101976 .
Palmer , Susan J. ( 1995 ) .
" Women in the Raelian Movement : New Religious Experiments in Gender and Authority " .
In James R.Lewis ( ed. ) .
The Gods Have Landed : New Religions from Outer Space .
Albany : State University of New York Press. pp. 105–135 . ISBN 9780791423301 .
Palmer , Susan J. ( 2004 ) .
Aliens Adored : Raël 's UFO Religion .
New Brunswick and London : Rutgers University Press . ISBN 978-0813534763 .
Palmer , Susan J. ( 2014 ) .
" Raël 's Angels : The First Five Years of a Secret Order " .
In Henrik Bogdan and James R. Lewis ( ed. ) .
Sexuality and New Religious Movements .
New York : Palgrave Macmillan . pp. 183–211. ISBN 978-1-137-40962-1 .
Palmer , Susan J. ; Sentes , Bryan ( 2012 ) .
" The International Raëlian Movement " .
In Olav Hammer and Mikael Rothstein ( ed. ) .
The Cambridge Companion to New Religious Movements .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press. pp. 167–183 .
Partridge , Christopher ( 2003 ) .
" Understanding UFO Religions and Abduction Spiritualities " .
In Christopher Partridge ( ed. ) .
UFO Religions .
London and New York : Routledge .
pp. 3 –42 . ISBN 978-0415263245 .
Sentes , Bryan ; Palmer , Susan ( 2000 ) .
" Presumed Immanent : The Raëlians , UFO Religions , and the Postmodern Condition " .
Nova Religio : The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions . 4 ( 1 ) . pp. 86–105 . JSTOR 10.1525/nr.2000.4.1.86 .
Thomas , Paul Brian ( 2010 ) .
" Bible Lessons with Raël : On Religious Appropriation in ET - Inspired Religions " .
Nova Religio : The Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions . 14 ( 2 ) . pp. 6 –13 . JSTOR 10.1525/nr.2010.14.2.6 .
Further reading [ edit ]
Secondary sources [ edit ]
Primary sources [ edit ]
Other
Obama Swings And Misses In Oval Office Address
Doug Mataconis · · 28 comments
President Obama used the prestige of his very first Oval Office speech to report to the American public on Day 57 of the Gulf Oil Spill Crisis , and it was , quite honestly , less than it should have been :
WASHINGTON — President Obama summoned Americans on Tuesday to a “ national mission ” to move away from reliance on oil and develop alternative sources of energy , demanding that Congress move quickly to overcome “ a lack of political courage and candor . ”
Speaking to a national television audience from the Oval Office , Mr. Obama also promised a long - term plan to make sure that the gulf states suffering from the oil spill are made whole again .
He said he was appointing Ray Mabus , the secretary of the Navy and the former governor of Mississippi , to develop a Gulf Coast restoration plan in cooperation with states , local communities , tribes , fishermen , conservationists and gulf residents .
“ Today , as we look to the gulf , we see an entire way of life being threatened by a menacing cloud of black crude , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ We can not consign our children to this future .
The tragedy unfolding on our coast is the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now . ”
For Mr. Obama , the 18 - minute address , in which he spoke from his desk , took place in a far different venue from the crowded campaign rallies , international university halls and banquet rooms where he has produced some of his most soaring speeches .
This time , Mr. Obama , wearing a dark blue suit and light blue tie , struck a solemn tone but a hopeful one as he spoke of the American ingenuity he said was now needed to help the country rein in its reliance on oil .
Seizing on the widening oil calamity in the Gulf of Mexico to push for legislation he has advocated since his campaign , Mr. Obama said he was willing to look at approaches from Democrats and Republicans , including raising efficiency standards for buildings as well as cars and trucks .
But , he warned : “ The one approach I will not accept is inaction .
The one answer I will not settle for is the idea that this challenge is too big and too difficult to meet . ”
Beyond a now familiar recitation of the things that Obama says were done in the immediate aftermath of the April 20th explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon , there was very little substance in the speech beyond promises that the Gulf region would be restored to a state better than it was before the accident and that BP would pay for everything .
Even when he repeated his energy independence talking points , the President was fairly vague and certainly did n’t use the speech as an opportunity to lay down the gauntlet for a Senate that seems increasingly un-eager to take up the Cap & Trade legislation before the November elections .
In fact , the speech was more remarkable for what Obama did n’t say than what he did — there were no deadlines , no calls for citizens to call their Senators , and not even a mention of the phrase “ cap and trade . ”
Perhaps this is because the White House knows that the battle in the Senate is one they ’re not likely to win .
I will say that there was one specific provision in the speech that I think is a good idea , and that relates to Obama ’s announcement that he would be pressuring BP to establish an escrow fund from which claims can be paid .
While the fears about BP ’s fiscal solvency may prove to be unfounded , ensuring that justly owed claims will be paid in full is the least that BP can do at this point .
The real purpose of tonight ’s speech , though , was to put a stop to the talk both inside and outside the beltway that Obama has let the crisis get away from him and that he has n’t displayed the kind of leadership that the American public supposedly expects in these respects .
Judging from the reaction from those people who are usually the President ’s allies , one would have to say that he did n’t succeed in that task at all .
Here , for example , is Ezra Klein ’s take :
[ H ] is language was a close echo of the language he used in the health - care fight .
“ There are costs associated with this transition , ” he said , using a formulation many will remember from health care .
“ And some believe we ca n’t afford those costs right now .
I say we ca n’t afford not to change how we produce and use energy . ”
Similarly familiar was his reminder that “ I am happy to look at other ideas and approaches from either party – as long they seriously tackle our addiction to fossil fuels , ” and his promise that “ the one approach I will not accept is inaction . ”
The optimistic take , at least for environmentalists , is that this is the language and approach Obama uses when he really means to legislate .
The pessimistic take is that Obama shied away from clearly describing the problem , did not endorse specific legislation , did not set benchmarks , and chose poll - tested language rather than a sharper case that might persuade skeptics .
Even more remarkable is the reaction of two people who have perhaps been the President ’s biggest cheerleaders in the media , Chris Matthews and Keith Olbermann :
The White House was clearly hoping that tonight ’s speech , along with the just concluded two - day trip to the Gulf region , would start to turn the political tide for the Obama Administration .
If that was the goal , I think it ’s fairly clear that Obama completely failed to achieve it .
( Introduction )
We therefore formulated the hypothesis that higher prenatal testosterone exposure would improve a trader 's performance .
( Discussion )
The finding that a marker of prenatal testosterone levels predicts a trader 's long - term profitability ...
The success and longevity of traders exposed to high levels of prenatal androgens further suggests that financial markets may select for biological traits rather than rational expectations .
Earlier studies indicated that prenatal exposure to testosterone ... increases a person 's sensitivity to the effects of the hormone much later in life .
The greater the exposure as a fetus , in other words , the higher the levels of confidence , vigilance or risk appetite triggered by testosterone in an adult .
social scientists
II .
There are many reasons to think testosterone affects behavioral outcomes .
Just on semantics , high testosterone would be expected to correlate to virility , aggression , and leads in action movies .
But what is the effect of brief , intra-uterine testosterone ?
Do people who were exposed to higher testosterone in the womb become / behave different / ly ?
An example : fraternal twins .
Does the girl 's stewing in the boy 's testosterone make her a better athlete , President or serial killer ?
In an attempt to answer that , there 's been considerable research on the effects of intrauterine testosterone on later life outcomes .
I. ( This is how you construct a lie : do n't answer the question that was asked , answer the question you want to answer . )
III .
An example , a somewhat famous study .
Researchers examined a group of financial traders :
And from Time
It 's not hard to see why financial traders exposed to testosterone might be better at trading .
And now you have to think about society : maybe there are real sex differences in performance in the workplace .
It 's perfectly ok to select a lingerie model on the basis of femininity .
Is it -- should it -- okay to pick options traders the other way ?
And how can we level the playing field for those with a slight biological disadvantage ?
A. First Principles : what do the authors want to be true ?
None of the studies linking biology to behavior are about either the biology or the behavior , they are only about the link .
The question that they are answering is n't " does environment matter more than genetics ? "
It 's a more subtle , sneaky , social - policy questionr : " since we now know that genetics is n't as deterministic as we hoped , is there something else that we can focus on which is equally out of our control ?
What about the goings - on in utero ?
So that the environment factors matter only at that time , not later ?
Then we can safely say that behavior is " innate " and out of our control , while still leaving us the door to intervene in people 's lives for their benefit .
" No one in the behavioral sciences discovers something , and then constructs policy recommendations .
" We learned that people are like this , so ... " It 's the other way around .
The policies come first ; the money is spent on the research that supports them .
In questions about evolutionary psychology and behavior , the question they want to answer is always of the form , " how is it not the individual 's fault , but we can meddle anyway ?
" IV. Back to testosterone .
In order to tell if trading is related to that brief in utero burst of testosterone , we need a proxy : the ratio of the index finger to the ring finger .
Bigger ring finger ( and smaller 2D:4D ratio ) = more testosterone in utero .
There are many such studies , of very different behaviors : aggression , lesbianism , athleticism , success , risk appetite -- and they are all surprisingly robust , there really does appear to be some kind of link .
And it helps that the behaviors all have an intuitive connection to " masculinization " -- ( which was the whole point of the testosterone . )
And the associations are just as revealing when they 're absent .
A recent study found no association to ADHD : " These findings challenge the hypothesis that fetal testosterone exposure plays a prominent role in the aetiology of ADHD . " B. The problem is n't the data , but the words .
None -- read it again , none -- of the studies found any link between the behavior and fetal testosterone .
All of them found the link between the behavior and finger lengths , which are proxies for fetal testosterone .
But what if finger ratios are n't actually proxies for testosterone ?
" Then those studies are crap .
Another example of science overreaching .
All that research money wasted .
" Oh , no , Murdock , .
The studies are valid , the data are solid -- finger ratiosto these behaviors -- but all of the inferences you 've invented about them are wrong .
A recent article discovered that in birds , the correlation was between digit length andreceptors .
If that turned out to be true for humans , what are you going to do with all the stories about " masculine " traits ?
You can't simply say , " oh , it does n't have to do with testosterone after all . "
You must now explain why ithave to do with estrogen .
Are these feminine behaviors ?
What ?
There are other studies which similarly find the testosterone / finger story to be suspect or even backwards
So the data are n't wrong -- they 're right ; they 're just about something else .
The social implications of the studies ---- are wrong .
You can't dismiss the studies because they 're still true -- you have to go back and explain how you got it backwards .
Anyone who had taken a moment to look at the whole hypothesis -- masculine --> testosterone --> finger lengths --> behaviors would have said , " there are way too many loose connections to take this seriously . "
But no one would have takenseriously .
" Science " is three dimensional : " look at the stack of studies that find a relationship between testosterone and behaviors ! "
No one questions the intervening proxy ( digit span ) because to do so is perceived to be unrigorous .
When you say , " I do n't believe this testosterone link " they politely say , " look at the stack ! " but if you say you do n't buy the digit length , they roll their eyes : another amateur who does n't understand how science is done .
They do this because there 's no other argument to make .
" This is how we 've been doing it for decades , and it's a quite satisfactory method . "
Yeah .
That 's what they said about missionary , too .
Because there are so many researchers , and so many in the public willing to run with it , and so much time in between , there 's no one to point to as responsible .
You can't blame Cambridge University for the obviously preposterous notion that masculine traits make for better traders any more than you can blame the head of BP for the oil spill .
Both situations arefault .
Youwhat they were offering , even though it was bad for you .
Either we 're going to kill Iraqis , or we 're going to kill ducks .
It 's the world 's one and only truth , the law of equivalent exchange .
For every barrel of oil , you need to replace it with a barrel of blood .
C. But theyto blame , because when they presented you with their products , they knewwhat you were going to do with them .
V.I 'm telling you this not because I care about finger lengths , but because you are being corrupted .
The article does n't even have to spell it out for you : they just have to write " there 's a relationship to testosterone " and we 'll make the cultural / social value judgments ourselves .
But they leave nothing to chance ; thus Time Magazine .
That 's not an unfortunate , unexpected by product of science -- it is the very point of it .
In order for you to obtain this knowledge , you have to lose some other knowledge of equivalent value .
Once it 's happened , once you 've allowed this into your brain , there is no escape , ever , any more than there is an escape from oil .
No matter what else they discover , you will always have the suspicion that trading -- and lesbianism and risk taking and hand eye coordination -- are masculine traits .
Until , of course , new guys come in with a new story to tell .
" Thanks Dr. Kohut , we 'll take it from here . " VI . The science error of our generation is this :
If A is strongly associated with B , and B is strongly associated with C , then A is strongly associated to C.
That 's not just wrong , it is extremely wrong .
If that seems counterintuitive to you , Not in the way Robespierre was the problem , but in the way the French were the problem .
" Sounds about right to me .
And there 's a guillotining at 6:94 !
" It 's not your fault , you were n't trained to understand this , indeed , you were trained specifically not to understand this .
" Let 's look closely at the statistics " ( not the words . )
Science in the service of social policy is all about giving you everything you need to lie to yourself .
D.I repeat : I have enough rum to get through what 's left of my life , but the rest of you should heed my warning : if you do not rein in your , your civilization is doomed .---
After the fanfare and renewed optimism that followed the signing of Phil Kessel this past off - season , Leaf fans are now faced with a grim off - season to match the disappointment of the regular season .
Yes , things looked brighter when Burke called in some serious favours back in Anaheim to off - load Blake and Toskala , and bought low on Dion Phaneuf , but the 2009 - 2010 season was not an overall success .
The Maple Leafs secured 30 wins this season ( as opposed to last year ’s 34 ) , the goaltending situation was not cured by bringing in the best goalie in the 3rd best league , and the team still has n’t completed the 1st phase of Brian Burke ’s master plan ( Kaberle ... seriously , get out ) .
The off - season is usually what losing teams can look forward to most , because then they ’ll be able to convey their inability during the season into a juicy 1st round draft pick , but for the Leafs , this is unfortunately not the case .
Leafs fans will no doubt be dreading the next two off - seasons , as Burke traded not only the 1st and 2nd round picks of this year ’s draft , but also the Leafs 1st round selection for 2011 .
Looking at the 2nd overall selection with a bracketed FROM TOR , many Leafs fans have been investing in high - pillared roofs and sturdy lengths of rope , however , I say , do not be so rash my Blue and White friends , for there may not actually be so much to worry about .
The NHL draft is anything but predictable with some drafts giving a steady stream of all - stars calibre players ( 2003 - Marc - Andre Fleury , Eric Staal , Nathan Horton , Vanek , Phaneuf , Carter , Parise , Perry , Getzlaf ) and others giving a whole lot of nothing ( 1996 gave us the likes of Chris Phillips , Andrei Zyuzin and JP Dumont as top three , and the best players drafted were Danny Briere 24th and unibrow - era Tomas Kaberle 204th ) .
So draft shmaft , here ’s a few reasons why Leafs fans should n’t listen to Morrissey with a hand full of razor blades on June 25th :
1. Alexandre Daigle – Even the French spelling of his first name is enough to turn me off this guy ( here ’s looking at you , Burrows ! ) but his status as king of all draft flops has led him into NHL Entry Draft infamy .
The 1993 Draft was laden with talent , with 11 of the first round picks being future all - stars ( including names such as Pronger , Kariya , Koivu , and Bertuzzi ) , but luck was not on the side of the bottom - feeding Ottawa Senators of the early - 90s .
Years before they began their streak of humiliating playoff losses to the Leafs , the Sens faced the humiliation of obtaining the worst 1st overall pick of all - time .
Touted by scouts as a “ ca n’t miss ” forward , and following a season in which he scored a ridiculous 137 points in 53 games in the QMJHL , Daigle seemed to be the real deal , but it all fell apart .
Things began ominously when he absent - mindedly exclaimed that he was happy he was picked first because “ no one remembers number two ” , a comment that no doubt helped alienate / motivate his teammate Alexei Yashin , the number two pick in the entry draft the previous year .
Yashin outplayed Daigle every season .
To add insult to injury , the Sens gave Daigle an obscene contract ( 5 years , $ 12.25 million ) which led to a rookie salary cap being implemented a few years later , to protect other teams from being so stupid .
After 4 and a half years in Ottawa , Daigle was tossed around the league for a while before ending up out of the league for 2 seasons and returning for a career year in Minnesota in 2003 - 2004 before being waived the next season .
So you see , even the surest of things can go wrong .
2 . The Law of Averages – Looking at every single draft in the past 20 years , for every player in the first round that makes it as an everyday NHL player , there is usually one who does n’t .
Unless you ’re a diehard fan you ’ve never heard of these guys ( see : anyone drafted by the Leafs not dealt to the Boston Bruins ) and there ’s good reason , so many top picks just ca n’t adjust to the big game .
A story well - circulated amongst my friends is of Stefan Legein , a kid from our hometown , whom many knew from school and hockey .
Drafted 37th overall by the Blue Jackets in 2007 and openly man-crushed on by Pierre Maguire during the 2008 World Juniors , it looked like he was poised to become at least an everyday NHL - er , but there were always stories around town that he was pretty off - the - wall and nobody could believe that he was doing so well with so much pressure .
Whether it was the pressure of heightened expectations or just a coincidence , Stefan announced his retirement from the game before the 2008 - 2009 season .
He later redacted the announcement , but it shows that the demands of this sport are definitely more than just those of a game .
3 . Undrafted college players –
This has become a more common trend in the past few seasons , one that Brian Burke has been rolling the company dice on , since joining the Leafs management .
With a rookie maximum base salary of $ 900,000 , and rookie contracts generally set at 3 years , this gives the opportunity for a possible surprise from an undrafted collegiate player at a reasonable price .
Personally I ’d rather see three college players signed than one Jeff Finger , just my personal preference .
Burke has gone head - first into this strategy signing two of the biggest collegiate players last year : Slapshot - progeny Christian Hanson , and the big fish of the collegiate class , Tyler Bozak .
With performance bonuses these salaries can get pretty high ( Bozak ’s cap hit is just under $ 4 million if he reaches all his bonuses ) , but paying a player based on their present performance rather than past anomalies ( See : Why Leafs Nation hates Jason Blake ) is definitely preferable , and safer financially .
4 . The Detroit Red Wings – How can the lowly Leafs even be uttered in the same sentence as the glorious Red Wings ?!
Well they actually have something in common !
You see the Red Wings could n’t give a crap about draft picks , in fact , over the past 11 seasons they have traded away 13 draft picks at the trade deadline , more than any other team .
In comparison , the teams who have acquired the most picks have been perennially out of the playoffs ( LA Kings , Florida Panthers )
The Red Wings instead have focussed on the strongest scouting department in hockey , and turning late picks ( Franzen 97th , Datsyuk 171st , Zetterberg 210th in their respective entry drafts ) into legitimate superstars .
So as long as Burkie holds onto a few late round picks , Leafs Nation can still breathe easy , because this is n’t JFJ drafting , so no matter who Burke ’s 220th pick is , it will seem like the next Stevie Y in comparison to anyone Fergie would choose .
5. Aki Berg was drafted 3rd overall – I think I ’ve made my point .
The Pentagon has confirmed the weapons budget will grow at a rate past inflation for many years to come .
The U.S. government will enhance its role as a customer of the military - industrial complex through 2016 , Pentagon Comptroller Robert Hale said in an interview , Tony Capaccio reported today at Bloomberg ( via Business Week ) .
The government ’s “ spending on weapons through 2016 likely will grow faster than the overall defense budget , which will have annual increases of only about 1 percent above inflation ” , Mr. Cappacio reported .
Mr. Hale said that the “ goal would be to get forces and modernization to grow by 2 or 3 percent ” and “ to move money from support - type activities — operations and maintenance , military construction — into acquisition ” .
Mr. Cappacio reported on the recipients of this corporate welfare expansion :
An increase in weapons spending will include greater purchases of Bethesda , Maryland - based Lockheed Martin Corp . ’s F- 35 fighter , new ground vehicles , ship construction , satellite systems and unmanned drones , according to the Pentagon ’s long - range plan .
Northrop Grumman Corp. , of Los Angeles , and Chicago - based Boeing Co. also stand to benefit . [… ]
Hale ’s remarks are good news for defense contractors , said Todd Harrison , a defense analyst with the Washington - based Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Though Defense Secretary Robert Gates has announced the Pentagon will be shut off the “ gusher ” , Mr. Cappacio reported that the efforts will be to cut overhead , as the total spending itself only sees growth :
Congress approved $ 104.8 billion for weapons buying this year and is considering proposed procurement spending of $ 111.2 billion for fiscal 2011 , which begins Oct.
1 . The Pentagon may request $ 120 billion in 2012 , rising to $ 137 billion in 2015 , according to comptroller ’s office projections that Hale said are , at this time , only for planning purposes .
Estimates about how much money may become available from the cost - cutting efforts are “ going to get squishier ” as projections move further into the future , Hale said .
“ That ’s just inevitable . ”
The Pentagon plan calls for $ 7 billion in savings in 2012 , increasing to $ 11 billion in 2013 and $ 18.9 billion in 2014 , according to a Pentagon fact sheet .
The largest savings are projected at $ 37 billion in 2016 .
Missing from these projections is the axiom of economics that the price of what ’s guaranteed to be bought will rise and that which is at risk of not being sold will go down .
And all of this as the Treasury Department reports U.S. debt will rise to levels past projections of the gross domestic product .
Unemployment is surging and the only way the government can manipulate unemployment data is to simply cut the amount of people collecting unemployment insurance , whether or not they ’re employed .
Meanwhile , “ subtracting the cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , military spending still amounts to over 42 % of total spending ” , Reps. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) and Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) recently noted in a joint op - ed at The Huffington Post on their joint “ initiative to include substantial reductions in the projected level of American military spending as part of future deficit reduction efforts ” , adding that this U.S. spending consists of 44 % of what all governments spend on “ such expenditures ” .
The recent “ Rolling Stan ” episode in the media which led to the resignation of the top commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , was induced by an excellent article by Michael Hastings at Rolling Stone .
Largely ignored was his analysis concluding : “ So far , counterinsurgency [ COIN ] has succeeded only in creating a never - ending demand for the primary product supplied by the military : perpetual war . ”
Days before the controversial article and the general ’s resignation , he briefed NATO members of the occupying coalition “ not to expect any progress ” this year , documents leaked to The Independent revealed .
Yet , there ’s no shortage of ignorant think - tank support for this “ perpetual war ” , Kelley B. Vlahos wrote at AntiWar.com :
[ Andrew Exum , contributing architect of U.S. COIN strategy ] , who reacts with the unease of someone who realizes his think - tank festooned its entire image with the red , white , and blue bunting of a losing strategy , has been torn lately between refashioning himself as an “ open - minded ” pragmatist and reverting back to his bulldoggish defense of COIN .
But what of this claim that “ legions ” have declined to discuss the costs and benefits of withdrawal ? [ … ]
“ Costs ” can be defined many ways .
In American lives , as of July 4 , there have been 1,152 military fatalities in Afghanistan since 2001 , and that ’s not counting casualties among American - paid contractors , who now number some 70,000 on the ground .
The military has also incurred 14,936 injuries in Afghanistan , according to statistics issued three months ago [ .pdf ] .
This year the U.S. will appropriate close to $ 170 billion in funding for the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq , not to mention billions in non-military aid .
According to researchers , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost the U.S. a trillion dollars since 9/11 and could reach an estimated $ 5 trillion in direct and indirect expenses — including long - term veterans ’ health care and lifetime disability payments – if these military interventions continue through 2017 .
Then there are the costs to the Afghan and Pakistani people .
While the counterinsurgency is supposed to be “ winning hearts and minds , ” the wars have killed upward of 32,000 civilians since 2001 in Afghanistan , while U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan have killed approximately 700 civilians in 2009 alone , according to Pakistani officials .
Poverty , desperation , and corruption continue to fester in both countries , fueled by instability and a stream of aid and military resources into the region , the benefits of which never seem to reach the people the West is supposed to be “ winning over . ” [… ]
“ There is a mountain of evidence showing that large - scale U.S. ( or Western ) military presence in the Islamic world serves to anger and alienate the people who we are trying to influence , ” Boston University professor and respected COIN critic Andrew Bacevich told Antiwar.com .
“ Rather than enhancing stability , our wars do just the reverse .
They are literally counterproductive . ”
Civilian casualties “ creates new enemies ” , Spencer Ackerman reported today at Wired , citing a working study by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
The report found “ ‘ strong evidence for a revenge effect ’ when examining the relationship between civilian casualties caused by the U.S. - led military coalition in Afghanistan and radicalization after such incidents occur ” , he reported .
Why would policies that result in “ reverse ” of stated goals be so heavily pursued and sustained ?
To the point of enhancing those , the most expensive policies of the government , in the midst of a recession that is quickly becoming a depression ?
Mr. Ackerman reported , the study found “ that ISAF - caused civilian casualties corellate [ sic ] with long - term radicalization in Afghanistan ” .
It ’s this radicalization that is used to manufacture consent for the survival and enhancement of a self - defeating U.S. foreign policy .
The lock that military - industrial complex - funded think tanks have on the Obama Administration is fueled by the war profiteers ’ interest in perpetual war .
It ’s perpetual war on which their parasitic existence is predicated .
It ’s the president ’s cave - in to this interest enabling its stranglehold on global relations and it ’s because of this that he — Stephen Walt recently wrote at his Foreign Policy blog — “ will find himself stuck in the Afghan quagmire for the remainder of his time in office ” .
This lock fuels the “ secret wars ” run amok in 75 countries by the Obama Administration — compared to 60 at the beginning of 2009 left active by his predecessor — in Yemen , Somalia , Philippines , Colombia and elsewhere in Latin America , Africa , the Middle East and Central Asia .
This sector is the primary beneficiary of — what the American Civil Liberties Union recently found to be — the “ steady resurgence ” of the National Surveillance State on the domestic level .
An inherent flaw of mass - scale models of the ‘ representative democracy ’ ideal is that the representatives are always for sale and the sector which profits on fear by selling ‘ security ’ is always the highest bidder after the sector that monopolizes the money supply itself .
EDIT : AntiWar.com director Eric Garris interviewed Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) last week at AntiWar Radio on “ The War is Making You Poor Act ” he recently introduced , showing he is serious about targeting the military - industrial complex ( 19:01 ) :
http://dissentradio.com/radio/10_06_28_garris_grayson.mp3
This is a recently declassified photo from 1962 of the only nuke ever detonated in space by humans .
But what about aliens ?
They detonate those things all the f***ing time .
I 'm talking like fireworks on the 4th of July .
I know , I know -- that tie - in was the shit .
Why , pray tell , did the government want to launch nukes into space ?
Well , apparently they wanted to test a few theories .
The plan was to send rockets hundreds of miles up , higher than the Earth 's atmosphere , and then detonate nuclear weapons to see : a )
If a bomb 's radiation would make it harder to see what was up there ( like incoming Russian missiles ! ) ; b)
If an explosion would do any damage to objects nearby ; c) If the Van Allen belts would move a blast down the bands to an earthly target ( Moscow ! for example ) ; and -- most peculiar -- d ) if a man-made explosion might " alter " the natural shape of the [ Earth 's magnetic ] belts .
Um .... I do n't like the sound of any of that .
It sounds like the kind of experiment I 'd conduct .
Listen : some serious shit 's probably gonna go down and we all might die , but I already bought the supplies so we 're doin ' it anyway .
Scott -- put down the booze , you 're in charge of the explosives .
Image of the only nuke ever detonated in space [ dvice ]
Thanks to FDSY , who allegedly has the only real picture of the Death Star exploding .
Oh really , then what 's THIS ?!
Huh ?
Ha , that is my penis is n't it ?
Well .... what do you think ?
He adds , “ When earth is rich it bids defiance to droughts , yields in abundance and of the best quality . ”
His words reveal a man of the earth far ahead of his time : the scientific connection between fertile soil and plant health is only now being documented .
At Monticello , the gardeners dig plenty of homemade compost and aged manure into the soil , when they can get it .
But allegiance to Jefferson ’s methods goes only so far .
When flea beetles — known to Jefferson as turnip flies — hit the eggplant seedlings this spring , gardeners sprayed them with insecticidal soap .
They will use other pesticides , as benign as possible , to save crops .
Now , those eggplant seedlings are hefty three - footers , full of purple flowers .
The intense heat and humidity of a Virginia summer explain why colonial gardens were planted only in spring and toward the end of summer , when temperatures cooled .
But Jefferson gardened year - round , planting early in heat - collecting beds along the mountain slope and growing heat - loving crops like okra , melons and tomatoes during the scorching summers .
He also grew cool - season lettuces long past their time in the low - lying , damper areas farther down the mountain .
( So look for the warm spots around your own garden , as well as the shady , cooler ones , so you can push the limits as he did . )
Jefferson ’s biggest mistake was to put his monumental , 1,000 - foot - long garden on the south side of this mountain , where it is in full sun from dawn to dusk , with no water source .
The restored vegetable garden here is watered by overhead sprinklers supplied by a 30,000 - gallon cistern fed by a spring a half mile down the mountain .
If Jefferson ’s slaves hauled barrels of water from there on a mule - drawn wagon , there is no known record of it .
We might think that farmers ’ markets are new , but the Washington farmers ’ market was thriving when Jefferson was in the White House .
He avidly supported its farmers , bringing them seeds collected by his consuls in their respective countries , as well as seeds and cuttings from his own plantation , where crops from Africa and the Americas were flourishing .
THE world faces the nightmare possibility of fishless oceans by 2050 unless fishing fleets are slashed and stocks allowed to recover , UN experts warned .
" If the various estimates we have received ... come true , then we are in the situation where 40 years down the line we , effectively , are out of fish , " Pavan Sukhdev , head of the UN Environment Program 's green economy initiative , said .
A Green Economy report due later this year by UNEP and outside experts argues this disaster can be avoided if subsidies to fishing fleets are slashed and fish are given protected zones - ultimately resulting in a thriving industry .
The report , which was opened to preview overnight , also assesses how surging global demand in other key areas including energy and fresh water can be met while preventing ecological destruction around the planet .
UNEP director Achim Steiner said the world was " drawing down to the very capital " on which it relies .
However , " our institutions , our governments are perfectly capable of changing course , as we have seen with the extraordinary uptake of interest .
Around , I think it is almost 30 countries now have engaged with us directly , and there are many others revising the policies on the green economy , " he said .
Environmental experts are mindful of the failure this March to push through a worldwide ban on trade in bluefin tuna , one of the many species said to be headed for extinction .
Powerful lobbying from Japan and other tuna - consuming countries defeated the proposal at the CITES conference on endangered species in Doha .
But UNEP 's warning was that tuna only symbolises a much vaster catastrophe , threatening economic , as well as environmental upheaval .
Read the whole story here .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
In addition to the myriad other reasons , one thing that guarantees that Beck U. wo n't be showing up in the U.S. News and World Report survey anytime soon is that 33 percent of the faculty is a fraud .
That would be the Christian - oriented pseudohistorian and Texas schoolbook perverter David Barton , whose sins against knowledge have been chronicled here in the past .
Students at Beck U. can also learn economics from a Beck pal , David Buckner , with a mediocre pedigree ( he has been an adjunct associate professor not of economics but of psychology and education at Columbia ) and also from an actual professor who somehow sneaked in there , LSU 's James Stoner .
Moving the Markets Europe Looks to Break US Ratings Monopoly
Few doubt that US ratings agencies contributed greatly to the global financial crisis .
Europe is now worried that the euro could also fall victim to credit downgrades -- and is exploring the possibility of creating its own ratings agency .
Von Beat Balzli
One of my readers , in the comments section below , wrote the following in response to my last column on Israel ’s hijacking of the Gaza flotilla :
“ Again I ask the question : What do the Israelis have on our politicians that makes them such whores ?
Dirty pictures ?
Threats of withholding campaign contributions ?
It ’s really embarrassing as well as infuriating to see congress with its collective pants down around their legislative ankles just waiting for Israel to do it again . ”
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that …
Well , actually , there is a lot wrong with that , but , in any case , what ’s the answer to this question ?
Again and again Israel has outraged the world , and even many of its most dedicated supporters , by its actions : multiple invasions of Lebanon , “ incursions ” into Gaza and the West Bank , the ever - expanding settlements , the vicious racism and tribalism that characterizes the present ultra-rightist government of Benjamin Netanyahu , which includes the openly racist and fascist party of the thuggish Avigdor Lieberman – the list of Israel ’s sins is a long one , and that ’s going back but a few years .
Even when the Israelis blew up a US Navy ship , the USS Liberty , a military reconnaissance vessel that was monitoring Israeli troops movements prior to the Six Day War , Washington went along – in public – with Tel Aviv ’s fairy tale claiming it was an “ accident . ”
This disgrace is repeated , today , as the beaten and battered Americans who lived to tell the tale of what happened aboard the flotilla return to bear witness to Israeli brutality .
An American citizen is killed , and Washington looks the other way .
The ghost of Rachel Corrie is not surprised .
Nor am I .
Because the Israelis , after all , are our enemies .
Forget the fact that without aid from the US the Israeli settler colony would sink like a stone .
Ignore the ritualistic paeans to the “ special relationship , ” regularly mouthed by politicians in both countries who know their lines by heart .
And pay no attention to the propaganda that regularly depicts US - Israeli relations as a mutual admiration society founded on “ shared values ” and the love of liberal democracy .
Established in the wake of the Holocaust , and created by survivors of that horrific orgy of mass murder , the basis of Israel ’s founding was and is the idea that Jews are not safe in this world .
Not anywhere : no , not even in the United States .
The premise behind this view is that everyone is a potential enemy , to be kept at arm ’s length , at best , and to be crushed underfoot , at worst .
The lawlessness and brutality that we saw in the attack on the flotilla is inherent in the nature of Zionism , which , after all , came to birth at a time when the world was rife with nationalism of the most virulent sort .
Liberal friends of Israel look on in horror as the Jewish state evolves into a combination of South Africa under apartheid and the new North Korea .
Yet ideology has its own inexorable logic : it ’s hardly an anomaly that the early followers of Ze ’ev Jabotinsky , the leading figure in what is today the ruling party in Israel , were attracted to and full of praise for the “ blood and iron ” doctrine of Mussolini – and the feeling was mutual .
Not for nothing did Il Duce allow Jabotinsky ’s “ revisionist ” faction to set up a training camp in Italy for its naval fighters in the Irgun , the forerunner of today ’s IDF .
We ’re shocked when survivors of the flotilla attack testify to what happened , and the autopsy reports are coming in : one shot four times in the head , others shot and killed at very close range , execution - style .
Yet Israel has shown what it is capable of many times : the hijacking of the Gaza flotilla was just the most recent occurrence in a string of incidents stretching back years : the kidnapping of Mordecai Vanunu , the assassination squads that roam the world in search of Israel ’s enemies , the bombing of Western diplomatic and cultural facilities in Egypt to make it look as though the Arabs were responsible ( the Lavon incident ) , not to mention the long history of Israeli aggression against its neighbors and its indigenous Arab population .
These are not the actions of a Western liberal democracy , but of a frenetic and fanatic regime that resembles nothing so much as the legendary Order of Assassins , the 12th century adherents of the Nizari Ismaili Shiite sect whose leaders sent out their murderous minions to dispose of enemies with such deadly effectiveness that their name became synonymous with violent death .
Netanyahu is the modern day Old Man of the Mountain .
This role increasingly puts the Israelis at odds with their chief benefactors , the US government , and the political elites of Western Europe .
While generally kept under wraps , this mutual antipathy has been on the increase , lately , as the Israelis drop their “ Western ” mask .
The result has been a series of confrontations : the Israeli insistence on building new settlements in defiance of an American - sponsored peace plan , the ambushing of an American Vice President as he visited the Jewish state , the very real hatred for President Obama exhibited by the growing far - right in Israeli politics , and a series of high–profile attempts to penetrate America ’s security firewall .
To say nothing of the Israeli “ art students ” who flooded the US in the months prior to 9/11 , and the post - 9/11 revelation by Fox News – hardly the American al - Jazeera – that , as Carl Cameron put it :
“ Since September 11 , more than 60 Israelis have been arrested or detained , either under the new patriot anti-terrorism law , or for immigration violations .
A handful of active Israeli military were among those detained , according to investigators , who say some of the detainees also failed polygraph questions when asked about alleged surveillance activities against and in the United States .
“ There is no indication that the Israelis were involved in the 9 - 11 attacks , but investigators suspect that the Israelis may have gathered intelligence about the attacks in advance , and not shared it .
A highly placed investigator said there are ‘ tie-ins . ’
But when asked for details , he flatly refused to describe them , saying , ‘ evidence linking these Israelis to 9 - 11 is classified .
I cannot tell you about evidence that has been gathered .
It ’s classified information . ’ ”
If the Israelis are capable of this – standing pat while information they held could have prevented the worst terrorist attack in American history – then they ’re capable of anything .
And the US government knows it , which is one good reason why we do n’t dare cross them , at least openly , unless it ca n’t be avoided .
They can kill Americans , steal our biggest secrets , and laugh in our faces without fear of retaliation – because we ’ve nurtured a Frankenstein monster that is perfectly capable of turning on its creator , and doing considerable damage in the process .
Another good reason why we literally let them get away with murder is their political power in this country : the soft underbelly of America ’s defenses against foreign incursions is the ability of foreign - backed lobbyists to undermine – and shape – US policy .
A long and dedicated state - sponsored campaign to embed their agents of influence at the center of American political and social life has paid off quite handsomely .
On the left as well as the right , their partisans tirelessly promote the Israeli government line – and do n’t hesitate to rebuke their own political leaders whenever they show signs of straying from the narrow path of righteousness .
And who can blame them ?
After all , their physical existence , as well as their political independence as a nation - state , depends wholly on the lifeline of American subsidies ( a little detail fake “ libertarian ” Rand Paul seems to have left out of his statement on Israel . )
The martial spirit that infuses Israel ’s myrmidons with such passion is born of a sense of embattled isolation pulsing at the heart of the Zionist project .
Surrounded by enemies , perpetually in “ existential ” danger , the Jewish state exists simultaneously as a consummate bully and a helpless victim : thus the odd argument coming out of Tel Aviv that their commandos were brutalized by those nasty , stick - wielding Turkish “ terrorists , ” who had the temerity to fight back .
The Israelis released a video , which dominated the Western media coverage , of those awful Turkish “ terrorists ” beating commandos , omitting what happened in the moments before – live fire coming from helicopters – and after ( nine execution - style deaths , and many injuries . )
To the hard line Israeli nationalist – a disagreeable species firmly in control of the government in Tel Aviv , now and for the foreseeable future – everyone is an enemy , but especially the Americans , who , to be sure , hold the fate of the Jewish state in their unreliable hands .
What if , some day , we elect a President with some balls , one unafraid of the Lobby and willing to stand up for America ?
What if we elect a Congress that is n’t nearly as eager as this one is to kowtow to AIPAC and apologize for Israeli state terrorism ?
What if , one day , the aid spigot is turned off ?
Israel ’s national paranoia is not limited to the Israelis , per se , but also afflicts their American amen corner to such an extent that every criticism of Israel is portrayed as an anti-Semitic plot .
For example , the above - cited Fox News story is never disputed , or even quoted : it is simply dismissed as vile “ anti-Semitism . ”
Is Carl Cameron – a Fox News reporter once considered friendly to the Bush White House – an anti-Semite ?
Is Fox News “ anti-Israel ” ?
And what about the rest of Cameron ’s fascinating and detailed four - part report , which not only avers the Israelis were watching and aware of the 9/11 hijackers , but also exposes an extensive spy operation and systematic industrial espionage in the US ?
Disguised as ill feelings toward Barack Obama , the rabid anti-Americanism on the rise in Israel may seem bizarre , on the surface : why hate your best friend ?
Yet this development is perfectly understandable .
How would you like it if your “ best friend ” supported you , protected you , succored you , and gave you everything you needed and wanted , so that eventually you were lost in his all - encompassing embrace ?
At some point , if you had any kind of character , you ’d come to resent it – and even hate it , whilst hating yourself for allowing it .
The “ special relationship ” is a poisonous and deeply dysfunctional relationship , which benefits one party at the growing expense of the other .
Sooner or later it will end , but how ?
With an open break , perhaps even a violent conflict – remember how Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm .
Mike Mullen refused to rule out shooting down an Israeli jet crossing Iraqi airspace en route to Iran ?
Or , more probably , with a covert Israeli action of some sinister sort ?
In any event , you can be sure that Washington greatly fears the answer to that question .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Last October , Peter Orszag , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , sent out a memo to the heads of all federal agencies ordering them to ensure that no federal funds were awarded or obligated to the community organization ACORN .
Orszag ’s memo was a response to bipartisan legislation known as the De-fund ACORN Act , passed after right - wing activist and wanna - be pimp James O’Keefe ’s propaganda film sparked mass - hysteria about the community organization .
Ad Policy
ACORN was hardly a major US government contractor –the group had received just $ 53 million over the course of 15 years in federal dollars , most of it in the form of funding for low income housing initiatives .
ACORN has never received any money from the Department of Defense , yet Undersecretary of Defense Shay Assad , the Pentagon ’s top contracting official , sent a memo to the commanders and directors of all branches of the military instructing them to cease all business with ACORN and to take “ all necessary and appropriate ” steps to prevent future contracts with the organization .
All of this happened because ACORN was accused of some of its workers giving improper tax advice to a fake prostitute .
Contrast the Congressional response to ACORN ’s federal contracts with its response to BP , which does billions of dollars in business with the federal government , specifically the Pentagon .
BP holds more than $ 2 billion in annual US defense contracts and continues to be the premiere provider of fuel to the world ’s largest consumer of oil and gas : the Pentagon .
BP is responsible for the worst environmental crime in US history .
It is responsible for the deaths of 11 oil rig workers .
Attorney General Eric
Holder said he is conducting both criminal and civil probes into BP ’s actions in the US Gulf .
And yet , there is no real , bi-partisan Congressional march to de-fund BP .
The White House is reportedly considering the possibility of debarment of BP , but as of last week no formal inquiry had begun .
Last week ,
The Wall Street Journal reported , " Cutting BP off from future government contracts , though , would be an unprecedented and highly complicated move , lawyers say .
BP supplies the military with nearly 12 % of its fuel needs , making it the Pentagon ’s largest fuel supplier , with Royal Dutch Shell coming in a close second , according to the Defense Logistics Agency .
‘ It is not hard to block a debarment if an argument exists that it would harm the government , especially on national security grounds , ’ said Robert Burton , a Washington lawyer who worked as the Bush administration ’s top procurement official . "
It is n’t that there is no Congressional action happening , but rather that it is dramatically understated given the gravity of the situation and its past excitement over the fake pimp ACORN scandal .
Late last month , the House of Representatives passed an amendment to the Defense Reauthorization bill which calls on the Secretary of Defense to reevaluate all defense contracts with BP and consider debarring BP if it is determined not to be a " responsible source . "
According to the Federal Acquisition Regulations , all federal contractors must meet the definition of a " responsible source , " one provision of which states that the prospective contractor " has a satisfactory record of integrity and business ethics . "
The amendment was put forward by Illinois Democrat Luis Gutierrez .
" There is ample evidence leading up to and including the current disaster in the Gulf of Mexico that BP is not a ‘ responsible source ’ and shows a consistent disregard for federal law and the lives and livelihoods of Americans , " Gutierrez said .
The bill is currently in the Senate .
When discussing adopting Clojure or JRuby there are often heated discussions concerning the pros and cons of working with a language that has less IDE support .
This blog entry will focus on the common concerns I hear .
I 've never met anyone who has mastered Ruby or Clojure and had the opinion that they are more productive in Java .
I think that 's the best " proof " that the pros outweigh the cons .
* Other than that , things get complicated .
The problem is , I understand where reluctant adopters are coming from .
But , I just do n't see any way to convince them to make the leap .
Many Java programmers do a bit of Ruby or Clojure and make a determination .
I think their concerns are inflated by 3 factors : api/library fear , shallow understanding of powerful language features , and inability to optimize problem resolution .
A common concern is that learning a new language requires learning new libraries .
Even though Java 's libraries are available in Clojure or JRuby , both languages still have their own apis / libs to learn .
In Java , you often use auto - completion .
In Ruby and Clojure some auto - completion is available ; however , it 's often suspect .
Few people use a Java REPL , so they do n't understand how helpful / powerful a REPL is .
In Clojure and Ruby , the REPL is often the most effective way to learn new apis / tools .
Since most Java developers have n't experienced the value of the REPL , they exaggerate the overhead of learning apis / libs .
Writing idiomatic Java using Ruby or Clojure will produce painful and likely unmaintainable code .
Writing idiomatic Ruby and Clojure often require understanding the powerful aspects of a language ( metaprogramming , method_missing , macros , duck - typing ) .
Understanding those aspects of a language can greatly change the design of a system .
The result of mastering language features is often concise and significantly more maintainable code .
However , if you are n't able to see the concise / maintainable version , you will picture a design that may likely be hard to manipulate without IDE support .
Enter unnecessary concern and doubt .
Lastly , when things go wrong you need to know how to fix them .
Fixing issues is often a mix of tweaking the language and mixing in a few tools .
In Java it 's often Ignore the noise in the stacktrace , Click a few links and open a few files , Drop in some break points or print lines or change a few tests .
Getting to the source of the problem efficiently requires an IDE .
In Clojure and Ruby I have those tools ( since I do my Clojure and Ruby in IntelliJ ) , but I also have the REPLs .
I know what noise to ignore .
Even without those tools ( when I used TextMate for Ruby ) , I know what patterns generally represent what issues .
I can see the signal in the noise , and I have an additional tool ( the REPL ) to help me determine what is signal and what is noise .
However , if you do n't know what is noise and what is signal , and ( once again ) you do n't understand the value of a REPL then you exaggerate the cost of problem resolution .
Cosmin Stejerean recently mentioned " To me good IDE support for Clojure is very much like using training wheels on a bicycle .
" That 's almost true .
I 'll freely admit that I 'd love some free refactoring .
It would make me more productive .
However , I 'm already more productive so it 's icing on the cake , not a reason to stop me from using the language .
Unfortunately , those training wheels are very much a deal - breaker to conservative adopters . *
I have recently heard of a few projects starting as Python and switching to Java , but I have n't ever done any Python , so I wont speculate as to why that happened .
Photo by Mykl Roventine , FlickrOn June 25 , Kellogg ’s issued a “ voluntary recall ” of 28 million boxes of its breakfast cereals , including Froot Loops , Apple Jacks , Corn Pops , and Honey Smacks .
The company revealed it had detected an “ uncharacteristic off - flavor and smell coming from the liner in the package ” of the suspect cereal and warned of “ possible temporary symptoms , including nausea and diarrhea ” from eating it .
Before we plunge our spoon into this cereal bowl of trouble , let ’s ponder the enormity of the recall .
A box of cereal contains about 12 servings .
That means Kellogg ’s recalled enough cereal to serve breakfast to 336 million people — sufficient for every man , woman , and child in the United States , with more than enough left over for every single Mexico City resident .
My brain can barely fathom the enormity ; I ’m picturing a towering sugar - glazed mountain , a crazy - colored Everest of Froot Loops and Apple Jacks .
Now , on one level , the food - safety system worked in this case .
A Kellogg ’s spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal that the company had received complaints “ from about 20 people , including five who reported nausea and vomiting , ” and then quickly declared the recall .
In other words , a gigantic food corporation discovers a product problem and quickly does all it can to remove as much of that product as possible from the market .
System vindicated !
But dig in a little deeper , and you ’ll find a limp , corporate - friendly food - safety system on display .
First of all , the FDA has not demanded that the company release the name of the substance that caused the off - smell .
These are products marketed specifically to children , complete with cartoon - laden boxes and , despite the recall , there are likely millions of them on countertops across the country , being consumed daily by kids before school .
( According to a recent GAO report , companies recover only about 36 percent of targeted products in a typical recall . )
Yet the FDA has released no additional information on the dodgy cereal since the June 25 recall .
And if it were n’t for the efforts of Environmental Working Group , we still would n’t know what was causing the trouble .
According to an eye - opening report released Monday , an EWG staffer contacted Kellogg ’s to ask point blank what substance had triggered the recall .
Here ’s what happened :
Company representatives said initially that Kellogg ’s did not yet know what chemical had caused the problems , but a company nurse called back the next day with an answer : Kellogg ’s chemists had determined that the “ off - taste and smell ” was caused by methylnaphthalene , which had leached into the cereal from the package liner .
Well , it was big of the company to reveal to EWG the chemical in question , but Kellogg ’s still has yet to post that info on its website .
The FDA has n’t uttered a peep about it either .
According to EWG , methylnaphthalene is a “ component of crude oil and coal tar ” commonly used in packaging material .
And what are the health impacts of consuming it ?
Now things get murky again .
Kellogg ’s , or at least its staff nurse — one wonders , do all corporations employ nurses ? — is under the impression that it ’s safe to consume .
Reports EWG :
The Kellogg ’s nurse , who did not give her name , also said that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration classifies the chemical as “ Generally Recognized As Safe , ” or GRAS .
EWG , however , could not find the compound on FDA ’s GRAS list online .
In fact , according to EWG ’s exhaustive research , “ health agencies know very little about its safety . ”
It turns out that methylnaphthalene is on the EPA ’s infamous list of so - called highproduction volume ( HPV ) chemicals that are used in in massive volumes , even though no one seems to have the foggiest idea how toxic they are .
Reports EWG :
In 1998 , EPA identified the compound as a high production volume ( HPV ) chemical that lacked basic safety data in the public literature .
The agency sought a corporate sponsor to submit such data to EPA ’s “ HPV Challenge ” program .
In 1999 , a consortium of large petrochemical interests volunteered , including BP , Chevron , Condea Vista , Exxon , Fina Oil , Koch , Marathon Ashland , Mobil Oil , PDV Midwest Refining , Phillips Petroleum , Shell , and Sunoco .
Eleven years later , however , EPA ’s HPV Challenge program website shows no data whatsoever submitted by these companies .
According to EWG , the only U.S. government agency that has looked closely at methylnaphthalene is the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ( ATSDR ) , which performed a literature review on it in 2005 .
One of the agency ’s conclusions now seems quaint : “ You are not likely to be exposed to [ methylnaphthalene ] by eating foods or drinking beverages ; ” you risk exposure only “ if you live near a hazardous waste site . ”
Except now , that waste site likely sits on millions of kitchen counters .
The whole situation reminds me of the dispersants controversy that reared up early in the Deepwater Horizons disaster .
BP felt perfectly empowered to dump products into public waters that 1 ) had been subjected to scant , at best , safety testing ; 2 ) were full of mystery ingredients , shielded even from government rescue workers by “ proprietary information ” laws .
Kellogg ’s has been admirably more forthcoming than BP or the maker of its dispersants , Nalco , on the chemical that caused the cereal recall .
But its openness was purely voluntary and perhaps random — the staff nurse as whistleblower ? — not pushed by the FDA ; and we still know next to nothing about methylnaphthalene ’s toxicity .
Twenty years of deregulation and revolving - door cronyism have shredded the food safety system .
What other mystery chemicals are sneaking into the food supply ?
And of course , the real scandal is what Kellogg ’s is marketing to kids : a tarted - up slurry consisting mainly of sugar , corn products , partially hydrogenated oil , and food colorings .
But that ’s a whole different story .
Terse Hashes in Emacs Lisp
Data :: Dumper in Emacs Lisp
Terse Hash Dereferencing
Terse Hashes Miscellany
This is part 1 in my terse hashes in emacs lisp series
One thing I really love about Perl is the easy and natural syntax for deeply nested data structures .
I can make a hash of lists of hashes without a second thought .
( Okay , okay , Ruby and Python are equally good or even slightly better here , but I ’m thinking about in comparison with emacs lisp , and C++ and Java … )
my $ data = { list1 => [ { x => 'y ' } , { a => ' b ' } , # etc ... ] , # etc ... }
In contrast , the syntax for dealing with hashes in emacs lisp is extremely verbose .
Not only that , but for me , the arguments are the wrong way round .
In object based programming , the object is always the first argument .
( make - hash - table ) ( puthash < key > < value > < hash - table > )
When I came across the Clojure syntax for hash sets using #{ ... } I thought what a good idea .
Unfortunately , emacs lisp does n’t have reader macros .
Let ’s see what happens when I try it with a function .
( defun hash - set ( opening - brace &rest args ) nil ) ( hash - set { 1 2 3 4 } )
The result tells us that emacs is trying to evaluate the value of { as a variable before passing it to the function .
Debugger entered -- Lisp error : ( void - variable { ) ( hash - set { 1 2 3 4 } ) eval ( ( hash - set { 1 2 3 4 } ) ) ...
Fortunately , in emacs lisp , we can delay the evaluation of the arguments using a macro .
I use the same macro to make setting and retrieving individual hash values easy too .
( defun literal - hash ( &rest args ) ( let ( ( hash ( make - hash - table ) ) ) ( while args ( let* ( ( key ( pop args ) ) ( val ( pop args ) ) ) ( puthash key val hash ) ) ) hash ) ) ( defmacro _h ( arg1 arg2 &rest args ) ( cond ( ( eq arg1 ' { ) ;; check for empty case ( if ( eq arg2 '} ) ( make - hash - table ) ;; ( _h { k1 v1 k2 v2 ... } ) ( let ( ( rest ( cons arg2 args ) ) elem tmp ) ( while ( not ( null rest ) ) ( setq elem ( pop rest ) ) ( when ( not ( or ( eq elem ' } ) ( eq elem ' = > ) ) ) ( push elem tmp ) ) ) ( setq tmp ( reverse tmp ) ) `( literal - hash , @tmp ) ) ) ) ( ( null args ) `( gethash , arg2 , arg1 ) ) ( t ( let ( ( val ( car args ) ) ) `( puthash , arg2 , val , arg1 ) ) ) ) )
Even nested hashes work nicely ( I might be betraying my perl biases here ! )
( defvar %hash ( _h { 1 2 3 ( _h { 1 2 3 4 } ) ) ) ( _h ( _h %hash 3 ) 1 ) ;; ==> 2
Okay , retrieval is a little awkward , but I could add some more syntax to _h to make the following work .
( _h %hash -> 3 1 )
That is left as an exercise for the reader .
Update :
Hi atomicrabbit , I could n’t figure out how to do the syntax highlighting in the comment so I have included my reply below .
I did n’t know about the # s ( make - hash ... ) , so that looks pretty cool .
I found a mention in the Elisp Cookbook .
I could n’t get it to work though unfortunately .
Any ideas ?
( emacs-version ) ;; " GNU Emacs 23.0.60.1 ( i386-mingw-nt6.0.6000 ) ; ; of 2009 -01 - 12 on LENNART - 69DE564 ( patched ) "
( read ( prin1 - to - string ( make - hash - table ) ) ) ( read " # s( hash - table data ( ' key1 ' val1 ' key2 ' val2 ) ) " )
Debugger entered -- Lisp error : ( invalid - read - syntax " # " ) read ( " # < hash - table 'eql nil 0/65 0x143c880 > " )
Debugger entered -- Lisp error : ( invalid - read - syntax " # " ) read ( " # s( hash - table data ( ' key1 ' val1 ' key2 ' val2 ) ) " )
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s navy boarded a ship carrying aid to Gaza without incident on Saturday , five days after killing nine people on a Turkish aid ship to enforce what Washington calls an unsustainable blockade .
The navy , whose actions on Monday triggered an international outcry , took control of the Rachel Corrie and sailed it to Ashdod , where it docked , the Israeli military said .
The Irish - owned cargo vessel had ignored the navy ’s orders to divert and allow its cargo to be unloaded and inspected before delivery to Gaza .
Interior Ministry spokeswoman Sabine Haddad said all 19 passengers and crew had signed deportation papers and most would leave the country on various flights on Sunday .
“ The process went very smoothly and they will be flying out through Ben-Gurion Airport during tomorrow , ” Haddad said .
She added that six Malaysian citizens and one Cuban would leave the country via the Allenby Bridge land crossing to Jordan .
The army said the ship had been boarded in the Mediterranean “ with the full compliance of the crew and without incident . ”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement : “ Forces used the same procedures for Monday ’s flotilla and Saturday ’s boat but were met by a different response .
“ On today ’s ship and in five of the six vessels in the previous flotilla , ( their boarding ) procedure ended without casualties .
The only difference was with one ship where extremist Islamic activists , supporters of terrorism , waited for our troops on the deck with axes and knives . ”
The Rachel Corrie , carrying Irish , Malaysian and other activists , is named after a pro-Palestinian activist killed in Gaza in 2003 .
Its mission was the latest bid to break a blockade imposed on Gaza four years ago with the stated aim of stopping its Hamas rulers from bolstering their arsenal to fight the Jewish state .
“ Israel will continue to exercise its right to self defense .
We will not allow the establishment of an Iranian port in Gaza , ” Netanyahu said .
Kevin Squires of the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign in Dublin , one of whose members was on the Rachel Corrie , called the boarding “ another brazen act of Israeli piracy . ”
A senior Turkish pathologist said autopsy results had found 30 bullets in the bodies of the activists killed in the raid on the Mavi Marmara this week .
All the dead were Turks , including one with dual U.S. citizenship .
Ankara ’s already strained ties with Israel , once an ally , are at an all - time low .
ARRANGEMENTS “ UNSUSTAINABLE ”
Friends and foes alike have heaped criticism on Israel .
While the United States , its main ally , has expressed more sympathy than most for its security concerns , it has also spoken of the need for Gazans to receive adequate supplies , and signaled that the embargo cannot continue in its present form .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
“ We are working urgently with Israel , the Palestinian Authority and other international partners to develop new procedures for delivering more goods and assistance to Gaza , ” a spokesman for the White House National Security Council said .
“ The current arrangements are unsustainable and must be changed . ”
The U.N. high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay , said the embargo , which had blighted the lives of Gaza ’s 1.5 million people , was illegal .
“ International humanitarian law prohibits starvation of civilians as a method of warfare and ... it is also prohibited to impose collective punishment on civilians , ” she said .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
Israel denies there is a humanitarian crisis in Gaza and says it lets in hundreds of truckloads of supplies each day .
But it does stop cement and other materials that it says could be used by Hamas for military purposes , and a range of other goods with no obvious military application .
Hamas , an Islamist group backed by Syria and Iran , is hostile to Israel and does not recognize interim peace agreements signed by the Western - backed Palestinian Authority led by President Mahmoud Abbas , who holds sway in the West Bank .
TURKISH ANGER
Analysts expect Israel , buffeted by diplomatic storms in the past year , at least to modify the blockade .
Israeli officials say Netanyahu is considering some form of international role in enforcing an arms embargo , while letting in “ civilian goods . ”
There have also been calls for an international inquiry .
Israeli officials have proposed a foreign role in an Israeli inquiry .
The head of Turkey ’s state forensics laboratory said autopsy results on the nine Turkish activists killed in Monday ’s raid showed they had been shot a total of 30 times , many at close range .
Five were killed by gunshots to the head , he said .
Twenty - four people were still in a hospital in Ankara , including seven in critical condition , according to physicians .
o que nos falto ayer fue precisión en los pases finales que siempre fueron muy largos .
Así tenían ventaja siempre el portero y los centrales .
En cuanto a las bandas y el pase directo , alguien vio que ganásemos algún balón por alto ?
no era la solución .
Nuestros centrales , que son de los mejores del mundo , no tuvieron su día y por dos veces se encontraron descolocados y con un jugador de cara al portero con el balón , una dentro y otra al palo .
El árbitro debería haber cortado el juego barriobajero de los suizos que siempre fueron a los tobillos de Iniesta y Xabi , ese si fue el gran error del arbitro , ese juego hay que erradicarlo del futbol .
Ocasiones aun así tuvimos de Iniesta , Villa , Torres , Alonso , Navas o Piqué todas ellas claras pero ......
Mejorar los pases finales , asentar la defensa , quizás Capdevilla y Busquets no dieron el tono y tendremos muchas opciones de hacer un buen mundial .
Animo que solo es una derrota .
# 3455 vinzm
17.Jun.2010 | 19:35
Gano Suiza , mi pais , de forma limpia .
Hemos estado concentrados y hemos sabido temporizar el partido .
No nos hemos tirado para perder tiempo , y eso que añadieron 5 min , no sé como calcularon , es la primera vez en este mundial y el partido fue corecto .
Me gusto la actitud de España , ha sabido perder dignamente , fiel a sus ideas , y ha respetado el rival hasta el final , cosa dificil para jugadores tan consagrados cuando pierdes contra un equipo de 2da zona .
No era el dia de España y se empezo a ver bastante pronto , a la media hora senti que Suiza podia hacer algo .
Animo , teneis un equipazo y podeis ganar este mundial , me gustaria porque seriamos los unicos que habran batido al campeon .
A los que dicen que el gol suizo era fuera de juego , no sé , pero en la misma jugada previamente hay 1 penalty y roja a Piqué por agarrar la pelota con las manos .
No veo articulos alabando el gran trabajo del entrenador suizo , cuando lo hizo
Mou contra el Barça fue muy destacado en la prensa madrileña .
Professor Richard Dawkins explores the human genome sequence , ten years after the world 's scientists compiled their first draft of the genetic instruction book of human life .
In a new four part series , evolutionary biologist Professor Richard Dawkins decodes the discoveries and mysteries surrounding the genome .
Ten years ago this June , an international army of scientists announced that they had succeeded in completing their first draft of the genetic book of human life .
They had read most of the three billion genetic letters of the DNA instruction manual which resides in our chromosomes .
It was an achievement worthy of an international press conference with President Bill Clinton in the White House .
The Human Genome Project involved thousands of scientists in many different countries , cost hundreds of millions of pounds and took more than ten years .
It was the first big science project for biology .
But what have been the benefits and advances a decade on ?
The human genome sequence has led researchers to discover hundreds of genes implicated in our risk of common ailments such as heart disease , diabetes and schizophrenia .
Before the sequence they knew of only a handful .
Other discoveries are providing clues to novel therapies to treat inherited diseases which are currently incurable .
Extraordinary advances in genome sequencing technology are accelerating the medical progress .
Your genome could now be fully sequenced in just three weeks for less than Ã Â £ 10 000 .
It will not be long before it will cost no more than a hospital scan .
A full genomic screen may become part of our routine health care within the next ten years .
In spite of the advances , there have been some surprises and deepened mysteries .
One of the greatest shocks was the finding that we have far fewer genes than scientists had assumed before they read out our genetic instructions .
It takes no more genes to make a person than it does to make a simple microscopic worm .
What makes a man different from a worm lies more in what researchers now calling the Dark Matter of the genome - 300 million letters of genetic code which work in currently mysterious ways .
Producer : Andrew Luck - Baker .
Created by Daniel Remar creator of Iji , Hero Core and Garden Gnome Carnage and Erik Sjöstrand ( who wrote the song for the game ) , Man Enough addresses the attention deficit generation with a multitasking indie monster of a game that plays as much like a freaky Devo video as it does a simultaneous four - way multi - genre 8 - bit crack pipe .
Created in concert with the No More Sweden gathering – essentially an internationally sourced group of independent game developers who have met up every year since 2008 somewhere in Sweden , Man Enough features a chincy Swedish accent tinged electro pop song that plays along while the player negotiates a Space Invaders style shooter , a horsie themed platformer , a Donkey Kong tribute and a point and click style dating game .
It takes a moment to realize that the left and right arrow and Space bar are affecting all four games at once .
After you have picked your brain up off the mousepad , attempting to coordinate action between all four screens invokes the sudden “ holy shit how am I going to do this ” response .
Per his website , Remar likes to build games with Gamemaker 8 and thus can not and will not port his games to XNA , PSN or other gaming consoles , nor will he ever sell them commercially .
For now , he seems content to mess with possibilities , breaking down the very expectation one can have for GUI ( in Man Enough , gameplay is frequently interrupted by the pop song ’s tag line “ Are You Man Enough ” with a full screen challenge from an 8 - bit portrait of what looks like Burt Reynolds in his prime ) .
Check out Dan Remar and Erik Sjöstrand ’s “ Man Enough ” now :
Direct download for Man Enough ( 19.2MB )
Everybody is wondering who is in charge at Wikipedia ever since Fox News reported that founder Jimmy Wales has relinquished some control over the site 's material .
The story claimed that , following Wales ' alleged attempt to delete a slew of pornographic images from the site , he has been denied the right " to delete files , remove administrators , assign projects or edit any content . "
That 's something Wales supposedly started doing following a Wikipedia cofounder 's letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation claiming that Wikimedia Commons " may be knowingly distributing child pornography . "
" I do n't know if there is any more , " Larry Sanger added after forwarding the FBI various images he saw as examples , " but I would n't be surprised if there is — the content on the various Wikimedia projects , including Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons and various others , are truly vast . "
All this brought a fast response from the Wikimedia Foundation 's official blog .
" The Wikimedia Foundation obeys the law , " it declared in late April .
" In the weeks since Sanger 's published allegations , the Wikimedia Foundation has not been contacted by the FBI or any other law - enforcement agency with regard to allegedly illegal content on any Wikimedia projects .
Our community of volunteer editors takes action to remove illegal material when such material is brought to its attention . "
But Wales also put out a statement earlier this month announcing that " Wikimedia Commons admins who wish to remove from the project all images that are of little or no educational value but which appeal solely to prurient interests have my full support .
This includes immediate deletion of all pornographic images . "
And a timeline story posted on Wikipedia acknowledges Wales ' deletions and confirms that some of his ' founder ' privileges were removed .
Whatever is really going on , this is n't the first time that Wikipedia has gotten into trouble over sexual imagery .
Two years ago , ISPs across the United Kingdom blocked the site following a decency group 's complaint about the site 's publication of an old Scorpions album cover , Virgin Killer , which featured the image of an almost completely naked girl who looks to be under eighteen .
Eventually the group rescinded the objection , since , after all , the cover can be found on about a zillion places on the ' Net .
Beyond that history , we were curious about how Wikipedia actually handles pornography and sexual images in general .
What is on its sites , anyway , and how does Wikipedia decide what stays ?
A lot of changes
So we sent out queries to both Sanger and Wales , and got a response from Sanger pretty quickly .
" I left Wikipedia in 2002 , " he explained .
" A lot has changed since then .
Back then , there were no pictures of nudity that I recall , and certainly nothing X - rated . "
Those of you who are looking for a hot time on cyberspace , however , will probably be disappointed in Wikipedia 's main image site , Wikimedia Commons .
Although there is a wide variety of sexual images to be found , there 's a distinctly lab coat , nine - out - of - ten - doctors feeling to it all .
For example , we searched for " sexual intercourse , " and found lots of pictures , including an ancient Egyptian carving of a copulating couple , a medical textbook style photo , various old Kama Sutra drawings , Aubrey Beardsley style graphics , a fertility cycle chart , a used condom , and two dragonflies doing the wild thing .
There are also a couple of Robert Mapplethorpe type graphics , presumably for the National Endowment for the Humanities crowd .
Then we decided to input a somewhat more prurient search term , " sexy girl , " and we got , well , a bunch of generic sexy girls .
Most of these were clothed , including an image of a crew - cutted lady in a tuxedo holding a gun .
Next we typed " big penis , " and got some of those , too .
But mostly we saw high - powered - microscope photos of the genitalia of the Callosobruchus analis , subinnotatus , and maculatus beetles .
Determined to get to the bottom of this situation , we pushed the envelope further , with " hot sex , " and saw most of the same images as before , plus a nice photo of the Hot House at the Royal Botanical Gardens of Sydney , Australia .
No more stinkin ' photos
Perhaps the most intriguing find was a traffic sign style image of two stick figures engaged in the act , a red DON'T circle surrounding the graphic .
The summary of the picture read as follows :
" Symbol which might potentially have a number of meanings in various contexts , but which in the current context mainly means ' We do n't need any more gratuitous photographs of sexual activities , especially intercourse , uploaded to Wikimedia Commons ' ! "
So clearly Wikimedia and Wikipedia editors and administrators have their limits when it comes to this sort of fare .
You get a sense of how that works from the Existing Policy of Wikipedia 's pornography policy page .
" Wikipedia is not censored , " the service insists .
But " despite this , " the sections adds , " several images have been proposed for deletion on the grounds of being ' unencyclopedic , ' because those proposing deletion feel either that they add nothing to the article in question or that they damage Wikipedia 's reputation as a credible encyclopedia . "
These included photos or illustrations that Wales deleted , among them an " autofellatio " image that he deemed " completely unacceptable , " and a shot of a sexual act that he felt would force Wikipedia to retain legal age documents as required by the Child Obscenity and Protection Enforcement Act .
Not another penis ?
Sanger told us that Wikipedia " has no special process for dealing with pornographic , sexually explicit , or obscene material .
For example it is not approved , or tagged , or any such thing . "
But we did notice images that the service 's editors are currently considering for deletion .
These include debates over a drawing of a man and woman in the act , presumably to illustrate a sexual position .
One editor complains that the image is " redundant to higher - quality illustrations and / or photographs ... "
Another pushes back : " So having choices is bad ? "
Most of the rest concur that the low quality of the graphic makes it of little value .
Finally the actual artist gives in .
" Yes , please just delete my contribution , " he writes .
" It was just a dumb drawing , posted just for something to do .
I was not aware at the time that it would have to pass muster from the Wiki-Nazis . "
There are also discussions about penis pics .
" Yet another penis image , " an editor protests .
" Commons has too many of them already ... and we have a no penis template here . "
" But so what ? " another editor responds .
" Keep — We have a rule against grabbing your webcam and dropping your pants , not against artistic depictions that include a penis . "
So now we know there 's at least a rule against pants - dropping webcam artists .
The general idea seems to be that if the photograph or image illustrates a sexual genre , and is n't just posted to promote some pay site , it can stick around .
Thus a topless woman in a schoolgirl outfit seems likely to survive .
" Image educational value exists , " insists one editor .
" It illustrates the subject of school uniform fetish . "
Probably the toughest debate we ran into was one in which the age of the aroused subjects was unclear .
" Child porn accusations are extremely rude and unfounded , " one editor declares .
But another sees things differently : " There are other ways of teaching what this image tries to teach .
People would feel less offended with a schematic drawing , even other photographs ... I suggest it to be deleted or changed for other image . "
Work in progress
Clearly , the situation at Wikipedia is in transition , as is the role of Jimmy Wales , judging by Wikipedia 's barely comprehensible page dedicated to debating his future within the organization .
Apparently a compromise proposal in which Wales would renounce his use of the " block " tool was discussed .
" Ban these ' free speech ' fascists instead , " countered a Wales supporter .
" They 're the real ones who are responsible for ruining this site .
Most of them are probably unemployed , obese , middle - aged virgins who have completely worthless lives .
These scumbags only feel whole when they 're pretending to be some kind of ' revolutionary free speech organization ' by whining on Wikipedia that they are n't allowed host their homemade scat porn on Commons . "
We 're wondering how anxious the FBI is to get into this .
We asked Sanger if he'd heard from the government yet .
" No , " he told us .
" Two of my congressmen forwarded my letter to the congressional FBI liaison , and the Fox News reporter said that her contact there repeatedly asked for more time to comment ( but refused to comment at the time ) . "
Founded in 2005 , Nonprofit VOTE partners with America ’s nonprofits to help the people they serve participate and vote .
We are the leading source of nonpartisan resources to help nonprofits integrate voter engagement into their ongoing activities and services .
Fabricio Werdum shocked the world June 26 when he tapped out No. 1 - ranked heavyweight Fedor Emelianenko with a triangle armbar .
In this exclusive video , Werdum watches footage of the fight and breaks down how he caught Fedor and finished him .
Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) is a fountain of state - issued LOLS this week .
Yesterday , I blogged news of forbidden and approved hairstyles for Islamic gentlemen , as decreed by government officials in charge of monitoring guys ' hair .
Today , let us appreciate the beauty of this unadulterated IRNA headline :
Wait — " 2nd Iranian Robot Man , " meaning , what , Ahmedinejad was the first ?
Let 's read on :
The robot man dubbed as Sorina 2 was designed and manufactured by some 20 Iranian experts from Tehran University .
The robot man can replace human being in carrying out sensitive tasks in different situations .
Simultaneous with the " Day of Industry and Mine " honored in presence of President Ahmadinejad , the robot was unveiled in the hall of Summit conference .
The robot man is modelled upon human being and can walk on .
Sorina 2 with 12 degree of movement in feet , 8 degree of movement in hands and two degree of movement in head could carry out instructed programs .
Walking like human beings , synchronize movements of feet and hands are among the characteristics of Sorina 2 .
IRNA says the announcement proves " Iranian scientists are on the right track of scientific development and success . "
The West is awfully worried about Iran getting the bomb , but I fear we have not worried enough about Iran getting the 'bot .
We 've been using this word " hangover " a lot lately to describe the state of the housing market post - tax credit expiry .
The latest government data confirms that it 's real .
Both new and existing homes sales have been very weak .
And now private players are saying the same thing .
Calculated Risk points to this Bloomberg report from Lennar
Lennar Corp .’s home sales are down 20 percent to 25 percent this month compared with a year earlier ... Chief Executive Officer Stuart Miller said .
“ The entire market knew there ’d be a slowdown as we came off the tax credit , ” Miller said on a conference call with investors today .
“ It ’s just that the reality of it does n’t feel good . ”
Bear in mind that the market has seen this coming for awhile .
Yesterday we published 12 charts that show the carnage in the homebuilder stocks >
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A 6.2 magnitude earthquake struck Chile ’s mine rich north on Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported , but Chilean officials said there were no reports of any damage or injuries .
The quake was centered 49 miles east northeast of Calama , at a depth of 61.5 miles .
It hit at 20:11 local time ( 23:11 p.m. EDT ) .
“ It was a quake of medium intensity .
It caused some consternation among residents , but there are no reports of any damage , ” Johaziel Jamett , head of the early warning center at Chile ’s state emergency office Onemi , told Reuters .
An official at state copper giant Codelco , the world ’s top producer of the red metal , said there was no damage to the company ’s northern installations .
A huge 8.8 magnitude earthquake hit south - central Chile in February , killing at least 500 people and causing massive damage .
July 2 , 2010 --
Planned home births are associated with a tripling of the newborn mortality rate compared with planned hospital deliveries , yet planned home births are also linked to reduced preterm birth and low birth weight , according to a new study .
Research conducted by Joseph R. Wax , MD , and colleagues , from the department of obstetrics and gynecology at Maine Medical Center in Portland , shows that the overall newborn death rate was almost twice as high in planned home vs. planned hospital births , and was almost tripled among those newborns in planned home births without any congenital abnormalities .
Although rare , newborn deaths occurred in 0.2 % of the total planned home births included in the analysis , compared with 0.09 % of the total planned hospital births .
Among infants born without any birth defects , the rates were 0.15 % vs. 0.04 % , respectively .
Overall , compared with hospital deliveries , planned home births were associated with reduced medical intervention for the mothers and in reduced prematurity and low birth weight , the researchers reported .
However , planned home births were also linked to neonatal deaths attributed to respiratory distress and failed resuscitation .
This must be the cutest code injection method ever .
Hovav Shacham 's paper The Geometry of Innocent Flesh on the Bone : Return - into - libc without Function Calls ( on the x86 ) describes yet another method of injecting code into a process by clobbering its stack .
The cute part is n't the title ( although it did tempt me to read the paper ) .
The cute part is that this method uses a Turing - complete language for which an interpreter already exists by accident .
It 's a generalization of a well - known method called return - into - libc : if you can overwrite a function 's return address , you can turn its return into a call to some existing function , such as one from a common library like libc .
If you can arrange for the return address of that call to be another library function , you can call a series of them : it 's threaded code , expressed through return addresses .
This lets you run code of your choosing without injecting any machine code of your own , so it works even if you do n't have write access to any executable memory .
But it 's limited in its expressiveness , because it only calls the functions provided by the target library , and those usually do n't form a complete basis for computation .
The available libraries do n't generally include functions for branching , looping , moving data around , and the other trivial operations that enable computation .
( Languages whose standard libraries contain lots of high - order functions may be more vulnerable in this respect , but since they 're not so widely used and most of them are memory - safe , they are n't very attractive attack targets . )
Return - into - libc exploits an accidental threaded - code interpreter , but not a very flexible one : it can call arbitrary functions , but it can't compute much .
This paper removes this limitation by showing that the provided functions are not the only possible targets for return - into - libc .
Any sequence of instructions ending in a ret can in principle be called as a function , and such sequences are common — they occur at every return site of every function !
Furthermore , many such sequences perform useful operations such as arithmetic , conditionals , moves , and looping .
These are the missing primitives needed to make return - into - libc Turing - complete .
The necessary sequences occur quite frequently in real code , so any substantial x86 library contains a Turing - complete threaded - code interpreter .
The paper also argues that it 's difficult for any x86 library to avoid accidentally providing such an interpreter .
The architecture goes out of its way to provide convenient instructions for common operations , and to give the common instructions short representations .
In particular it provides function return , the crucial operation for this attack , as the convenient one - byte ret instruction .
Many other useful instructions are also only one or two bytes , so useful sequences can be quite short .
This means they occur not only at intended return sites but as frame shifts inside other instructions , and even in literal constants .
So even if a compiler carefully arranged for all return sites to be useless for return - into - libc purposes , the necessary sequences would still appear elsewhere .
On x86 , it 's hard to avoid making the return - into - libc language Turing - complete .
It 's not hard to make a Turing - complete language .
Many language implementors have done so by accident , when they took languages not intended as programming languages and added convenient features like functions without realizing the implications .
Many absurdly simple mathematical systems are also Turing - complete , including ones that do n't look like languages , such as Fractran and Rule 110 and Conway 's Game of Life .
But this is the first case I 've heard of where a Turing - complete language exists in the wild , without anyone intending to implement anything like an interpreter at all , as an inevitable consequence of a machine 's architecture .
( Via Z - Bo on LtU .
This is old news , but I had n't heard of it , so maybe you have n't either . )
( Natural News ) The H.J. Heinz company , most famous for producing Heinz brand ketchup , has been reprimanded by the United Kingdom 's Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) over an ad for its Nurture - brand infant formula .
According to the ASA , Heinz made " unsubstantiated " and " unacceptable " claims that its product could support the growth of infant brains , bodies and immune systems .
The ad , produced by the Abbot Mead Vickers BBDO agency , stated that each child needs a " special combination of nutrients to sustain the incredible growth in its brain , body and immune system . "
It then went on to state that Heinz had produced Nurture specifically in order to " provide for those three essential aspects of growth .
" The commercial concluded by saying that Nurture would help " nourish , protect and develop your baby .
" Three complaints were submitted to the ASA claiming that there was insufficient scientific evidence to support Heinz 's claims regarding immunity and child development .
When questioned by the ASA , Heinz claimed that the inclusion of iron , prebiotics and nucleotides would " protect " the immune system , omega - 3s and omega - 6s would help children 's brains and eyes " develop , " and milk protein and calcium would provide nourishment .
The ASA rejected these claims , ruling that the commercial falsely implied specific health benefits rather than general nutritional content .
" We concluded , therefore , that the claim was unsubstantiated and the ad was unacceptable , " the ASA said .
The decision follows a similar case in October , in which French company Danone claimed in ads that its probiotic - fortified yogurt drink Actimel was " scientifically proven to help support your kids ' defenses . "
The ASA also rejected this ad .
Christine Haigh of the Children 's Food Campaign expressed concern over the prevalence of unsubstantiated health claims in ads for children 's food products .
" We believe the Food Standards Agency needs to investigate how widespread this practice is , " she said .
For example , Gerber has recently begun marketing baby food in the United States in packaging claiming that the product " helps support brain and eye development .
" Sources for this story include : www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/...
Achluophobia - Fear of darkness .
The dark is pretty scary .
Not only does it limit your vision so you might walk into things , but you really do n't know what 's out there .
Also , ominous things seem to happen whenever it 's dark out .
There could be monsters or possums or something out there .
Acrophobia - Fear of heights
Tall things are scary because of you fall off of them , you die .
And death is n't very cool .
Deipnophobia - Fear of dinner conversations Dinner conversations ?
They are n't scary .
Until : " so what exactly are you doing with my daughter ? "
Enough said .
Gelotophobia - Fear of being laughed at Frankly , it 's humiliating .
Maybe it has n't happened to you , but when people are laughing at your expense it 's terrifying .
This is probably more likely to be scary as a kid .
Nostophobia - Fear of returning home
So maybe you grew up with a nice family , and went to college ... and now they 're all proud of you and stuff .
Or maybe you did n't .
For tons of delinquents ( like me ) , the thought of returning to my family / home town is absolutely terrifying .
Or maybe your family is just down right crazy .
Either way , home is not an awesome place for all .
Philophobia - Fear of being in love Man , have you seen what people do when they 're in love ?
They do all sorts of stupid , embarrassing stuff usually for no reason what - so - ever .
People who are scared of being in love are not strange at all , they 're just sensible .
Thalassophobia - Fear of the Sea Not only can you drown in the ocean , but you do n't know what 's down there .
Tocophobia - Fear of pregnancy Men and women alike should find this one scary .
In case you did n't know , pregnancy = children .
Nyctohylophobia - Fear of being in the Forest at night Do I need to say anything on this one ?
Monsters , killers , bears .
It 's all there in those dark forests .
BP Accused Of Blocking Media Access To Oil Spill Cleanup Efforts
Doug Mataconis · · 4 comments
On several occasions since oil started coming close to the Gulf Coast , members of the media have complained that they were being prevented from fully covering the story by BP workers or private security guards .
When ABC ’s Jake Tapper mentioned this to Admiral Thad Allen , the White House ’s “ man in charge ” of the oil spill crisis , Allen said he would immediately order “ uninhibited access ” to all aspect of the cleanup efforts , a promise which BP said it would abide by .
Only a few days later , though , ABC reporter Matt Gutman reported being “ hassled ” by a BP - hired security guard while doing a report from Grand Isle Beach .
Now , a local New Orleans television station is reporting the same sort of harrassment and it ’s become clear that Allen ’s promise of “ uninhibited access ” is n’t exactly being honored by BP and it ’s contractors :
Private security guards patrolling an oil - stained portion of Grand Isle attempted repeatedly to prevent a WDSU news crew from walking on a public beach and speaking with cleanup workers — a confrontation that followed a BP corporate promise not to interfere in such a manner .
It was the second day in a row WDSU News anchor Scott Walker was approached by hired security in the area .
On Friday , he told the guards he intended to ask contracted clean - up crews about their efforts while workers were on their breaks .
The guards told Walker he could not question the workers and was not allowed on the public beach .
Jefferson Parish sheriff ’s depuies eventually intervened and Walker asked a group of workers if they wanted to talk .
The guards followed Walker to a tent where the workers had gathered and told them they did n’t have to speak if they did n’t want to .
The workers declined to discuss their efforts .
Nobody is required to to talk to the press , of course , but the the extent to which a cone of silence seems to have been thrown over almost all aspects of BP ’s contributions to the cleanup effort seems to be more than just coincidental and , along with reports of workers being bused in for a photo op while President Obama was in town , it makes one wonder just how serious BP is about the cleanup effort .
The press should n’t be getting in the way of the cleanup effort , obviously , but BP ’s statement on the matter seems to be a subtle instruction to it ’s workers and contractors not to cooperate :
Recent media reports have suggested that individuals involved in the cleanup operation have been prohibited from speaking to the media , and this is simply untrue .
BP fully supports and defends all individuals rights to share their personal thoughts and experiences with journalists if they so choose .
(…)
It is extremely important that every individual is aware of BP ’s position to prevent further misunderstanding and miscommunication .
They should also be aware that they are under no obligation to speak to media and may refer journalists to the BP press office .
Wink , wink .
On a freezing night with a biting wind , around the holidays this past winter , I went to see the film Up in the Air with my wife , her sisters and my two teenage kids .
Laura mentioned the film in a great post last January .
The film 's protagonist , played by George Clooney , works for a firm that gets hired by other companies to fly him around and fire people from their jobs .
In addition , he has the temerity to promote a kind of sidecar career for himself , lecturing people looking for work about how they need to clean out their backpacks , or whatever .
I sat there trying to contain my anger , while part of me felt a deepening sadness -- not just for the people being thrown out of work , but for the spreading epidemic of corporate callousness and for the needless devastation wrought by this monster recession .
On the way out of the theater my kids asked me what I 'd thought of the film , and all I could say was " this all just makes me so angry , " adding I was glad that I still had my job .
Two months later , I did not .
For nearly twenty years I had managed a successful , multi-million - dollar retail store , part of a specialty chain .
In a move to further reduce store payrolls , which along with overall benefits had already been reduced several times in recent years , it was determined that my modest salary -- which was below the median household income in my state -- no longer fit the new payroll scheme .
The day I was informed of this I was also told it was my last day .
I was stunned .
To say that I had been the face and the name , the personification of the store and the company in a highly coveted market would be an understatement .
Yet , no new role was offered , no severance , nothing .
Less than a year earlier , after a significant restructuring in which a number of long - time employees had been let go , particularly at the firm 's headquarters , the company 's president had indicated to me that my job was safe .
So much for that .
I came home to find my wife having lunch in the kitchen .
When I told her what had happened , she cried .
I held her and told her we'd be alright .
But part of me did n't really believe it .
That I have n't cried yet probably is n't a healthy thing .
Within a couple of weeks , my long - time assistant manager was also let go .
We happen to both be 59 years old .
It had been determined that the new payroll scheme would not support having two assistants .
Apparently , the private equity group that had financed the company 's buyout several years earlier now wanted to see more of the ' R ' part of their ' ROI ' .
Think back to my post titled " Sharks " .
I applied for unemployment insurance for the first time in my life .
I began submitting claims online , but was told on the phone that I would not see any payments for a while , because my eligibility had to first be determined in a telephone hearing -- and , because of the high volume of first time claims ( this was , by the way , late February 2010 ) that hearing would n't be scheduled for a month .
Fortunately , I had filed my 2009 tax returns early and we 'd already received our refunds .
I filed to continue our family 's health insurance with the COBRA administrator , and for the federal COBRA subsidy -- the one that , while you 're unemployed , temporarily reduces monthly premiums by 65 percent , but that got stripped out of the jobless aid bill in the House last week .
So , unless the continuation of that program is restored , newly unemployed people will no longer be eligible for the reduced premiums .
Despite the lightning fast online application process , COBRA insurance approvals appear to take weeks .
So prescription medications , of which there are several for my son and myself , were paid for in full until the COBRA insurance was confirmed .
I postponed an annual physical checkup .
Meanwhile , of course , the networking , resume writing , posting , emailing and door - knocking began and has continued unabated .
Unlike many folks I 've heard about , I 've actually had several responses and even some interviews .
But , as yet , no actual offers .
Have I mentioned that I 'm 59 years old ?
The stories of these mundane details may vary from person to person .
Mine are certainly not unique .
What are far more significant are the stories of how being unemployed affects your life , your thoughts , your emotions , your self - esteem and your sense of social worth .
On these matters , I can only speak for myself .
What struck me most immediately was that , without my job , I had no place to go to .
Not just the routine of going to work , but having a sense of ' place ' and belonging in and to a place , was suddenly taken from me .
The psychologist James Hillman has written extensively on the subject of the soul being nourished by its sense of place , and that our workplaces are , or should be , vital places that help instill a sense of shared purpose , of mutual encouragement , so that they themselves have a sense of soul .
But increasingly our workplaces are being robbed of their soulfulness , replaced by the cold domination of callous cost- cutting and disregard for people .
The layoffs do n't just harm those laid off .
It is as if the lost souls of those laid off linger in the workplace , haunting those who remain on the job .
While it is difficult to admit , for me the sense of rejection has been palpable .
Several decades of experience and prior accomplishments at times feel all but negated , as if they not only mattered little but may as well not have happened at all .
I find myself struggling , at times to fight off a sense that society has deemed me expendable .
And a fear of the future , which while I was working had receded largely to lurk only in a far - off corner somewhere , is now back with a vengeance .
What will happen if I need surgery ?
What if my old car dies on me ?
Will we ever be able to have a real vacation or travel anywhere again ?
Will I be able to help my kids go to college in a couple of years ?
Will I ever be able to afford not to work ?
Will I ever be able to work ?
The staggeringly huge number of unemployed Americans has been fading from the headlines .
In a series of diaries posted on Daily Kos in the spring and late winter of 2009 , I noted to the astonishment of some that with nearly 15 million unemployed , the number of unemployed Americans was more than it was in 1933 at the depths of the Great Depression .
I made note of that fact again in my very first post on Main Street last September .
And it 's as true now as it was then .
Now , however , there appears to be a growing sense that mass unemployment is something that must be accepted , as if it 's somehow unavoidable .
Moves are already underway by some in Congress to chip away at and begin to dismantle the jobless aid programs for the unemployed .
Two months ago , when I wrote " Wall Street Declares War on the Unemployed " some readers probably thought I was exaggerating in order to make a point .
Where is the outrage ?
Where the fierce urgency to find and implement effective solutions to this , our most pressing national economic emergency ?
My sense of being socially expendable is increasing .
When a society begins trashing its human capital on a mass scale , it is headed down a very ominous road .
How can this be happening ?
One reason , I think , is the sheer invisibility of much of our current - day unemployment .
Gone are the Depression - era breadlines and the mass street demonstrations of the 1930s by unionists and the unemployed .
There 's no longer a need to stand in line at the unemployment office to file your claims -- it 's all done so privately and invisibly online .
And the sense of isolation , which Susan wrote about here , is reinforced by the media 's disregard and the implicit message that if you 're unemployed it 's your own fault .
But it 's the silence and the impersonal invisibility of our nation 's unemployment nightmare that must be countered creatively .
Perhaps this blog post will help .
News flash .
The United States engages in secret war .
To millions of Americans , and hundreds of millions around the world , this is not news .
It ’s part of an ongoing part of U.S. foreign policy .
Last century is littered with examples .
Chile , Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia , Korea , Congo , Somalia , Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Indonesia , Nicaragua , El Salvador , Cuba , Panama , Grenada , Haiti , Colombia , Poland , Hungary , Yugoslavia , Soviet Union … shall I go on ?
All these countries — and more — have had U.S. special forces deployed in them .
Many of them under the auspices of the CIA or the Pentagon or some other U.S. military / intelligence group , including private corporations .
Some of these operations have been run out of the basement of the White House .
( Last century ’s Reagan and Iran - gate ) Some have been run out of the vice president and president ’s offices .
( This century ’s Bush / Cheney and Iraq , Afghanistan … )
All of these operations have had the goal of crushing democracy and any budding socialist - oriented or worker - friendly movements or nations , controlling resources , including labor , for U.S. corporations , and , especially during the Cold War , blunting the Soviet Union .
Some of these operations have assassinated people , including elected leaders .
( It ’s also important to point out these “ special ops ” also happen on U.S. soil : re : COINTELPRO , etc .
That is one reason in the 1970s Sen .
Frank Church and a Senate committee investigated the CIA and FBI and found the CIA conducts “ covert media operations ” in the U.S. to “ manipulate ” public opinion .
Hmmm .
Sounds eerily familiar to 2002 - 2003 Iraq war build up . )
But recently , The Washington Post reports President Obama has “ significantly expanded a largely secret U.S. war against al - Qaeda and other radical groups . ”
A reality , they say , in a post - Sept. 11 world .
The article continues , “ Special Operations forces have grown both in number and budget , and are deployed in 75 countries , compared with about 60 at the beginning of last year .
In addition to units that have spent years in the Philippines and Colombia , teams are operating in Yemen and elsewhere in the Middle East , Africa and Central Asia . ”
There are 13,000 such special operatives , according to the report , with 9,000 of them mainly in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Eighty percent of them , one official said , are to resolve “ current conflicts . ”
Assassinations and drone attacks are part of the operations , yet , WaPo reports , they “ go beyond unilateral strikes and include the training of local counter - terrorism forces and joint operations with them . ”
The Atlantic Monthly , in a recent blog post called “ The end of Dick Cheney ’s kill squads , ” says there is considerable difference in Obama secret warfare policy and the Bush / Cheney years .
Comparing it to Seymour Hersh ’s expose of the Bush / Cheney “ executive assassination ring ” AM says , “ While reports for some time have indicated that the Obama administration has continued and even expanded military special operations throughout the world , it is now clear that he has increased oversight and ended the Bush - era practice running secret military operations directly from the presidential and vice president offices . ”
AM calls it “ an important change to the Bush - era use of military special operations , ” which now is overseen by “ regional military commanders as well as the State Department . ”
But , AM , questions , like many , the expansion of secret warfare , without any judicial oversight , legal ( or moral ) authority , including assassination orders , which only continues the “ judge , jury and executioner ” - type of foreign policy of old .
The secret war report somewhat eclipsed the release of the Obama administration ’s new National Security Strategy , which , by all reports , looks “ beyond ” military might to “ maintain ” U.S. influence and interests around the world ; emphasizes diplomacy and development ; does away with unilateralism of the Bush / Cheney era and emphasizes building “ global institutions , ” expanding partnerships and multilateralism beyond “ traditional allies . ”
Many have said it ’s a departure from the saber - rattling of the Bush administration , but does not go far enough in a break with past , destructive foreign policies , and is a long way from a more “ good neighbor ” - type of policy .
At a recent progressive conference , America ’s Future NOW ! , speakers on foreign policy emphasized the shift , but also said there has to be a larger and more influential movement on the ground to win a significant change in U.S. foreign policy .
Photo : Public Domain
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A study conducted at Uppsala University has demonstrated that obese people often suffer from serious vitamin D deficiency and poor calcium metabolism .
The findings have been published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism .
According to the researchers , the problem is underappreciated by the health care establishment .
Although several previous studies support a connection between obesity , poor calcium metabolism and vitamin D deficiency , the new study makes the point with much greater clarity .
The study comprised a total of 108 obese subjects ( 76 women , 32 men ) , 70.4 per cent of whom suffered from vitamin D deficiency , which can lead to osteoporosis , among other conditions .
A conclusion is that obese people ought to take vitamin supplements .
“ Vitamin D deficiency is not corrected by and may in fact become exacerbated following treatment of obesity by means of gastric by - pass surgery , ” says Per Hellman , Professor of Surgery at Uppsala University and a senior physician at Uppsala University Hospital , who , together with Hella Hultin , a physician and doctoral student , carried out the study .
“ Unfortunately , this fact is underappreciated .
Vitamin D supplements are important even in the aftermath of such surgery . ”
The scope of the study extended beyond the issue of vitamin deficiency to encompass the body ’s entire calcium regulation system .
The findings support earlier assumptions that obese people are frequently characterised by poor calcium metabolism , and that this impacts parathyroid function in a way that was not previously known .
The specific mechanism that results in vitamin D deficiency has not been determined , but the researchers hold it to be probable that obesity causes the vitamin deficiency and not vice versa .
A number of hypotheses have been proposed .
Vitamin - D , which is fat - soluble , may be taken up by fat tissue and thereby rendered unavailable for bodily processes .
There may even be a link to inadequate exposure to sunlight , given that obese people tend to spend less time outdoors .
The researchers assert the importance of adequate follow - up in connection with treatment of obese patients , especially in view of the osteoporosis risk .
“ Patients at the Uppsala University Hospital obesity unit now receive significant Vitamin - D supplementation , ” says Per Hellman .
“ Increased awareness of the issues involved is necessary at the primary - care level .
Today , many patients receive too little post - surgical follow - up care . ”
The study is the first in a series that will be published in a variety of journals .
Explore further Vitamin D tied to muscle power in adolescent girls
More information : Link to the article - Link to the article - jcem.endojournals.org/cgi/cont … tract / jc.2009-2822v1
by Ann Finkbeiner
Hanny van Arkel was 24 years old and teaching primary school in Heerlen , the Netherlands .
She also played guitar and during summer vacation back in 2007 , she was noodling around on the website of a famous rock guitarist named Brian May .
Brian
May got famous in the middle of a doctorate in astronomy on interplanetary dust , so his website had links to astronomy websites , and Hanny clicked on a new site called Galaxy Zoo .
A week or so before , Galaxy Zoo had posted a million galaxy pictures and asked the internet to please classify each one according to whether it was a spiral or an elliptical or something else - astronomers need these classifications , a million galaxies is a lot to classify , computers are no good at it and humans are spectacular .
So Hanny took a little online lesson and started clicking - spiral , elliptical , spiral - and after each click , another galaxy popped up .
She ’d just classified IC 2497 as a spiral and was looking at the next one , then thought , “ Wait , what was that ? ” and clicked the back button .
IC2497 was clearly a spiral , but below it was a blue - ish smudge that was clearly something else .
So even though she did n’t like online forums , she uploaded IC 2497 and its something else to the Galaxy Zoo forum so some real astronomers could look at it , and wrote , “ What ’s that blue stuff below ?
Anyone ? ”
The real astronomers agreed it was weird .
Hanny wanted to call it “ Unidentified Bluey Stuff , ” but the forum , knowing Hanny was Dutch , called it Hanny ’s Voorwerp - ” voorwerp ” is Dutch for “ object . ”
By early January , 2008 , the astronomers figured out that Hanny ’s Voorwerp was at the same distance as IC 2497 .
Then they found out it was a cloud of gas in a state of excitement brought on only by being hit with hard ultraviolet and xrays .
Unfortunately IC 2497 did n’t look capable of generating that kind of excitement .
So they looked at the Voorwerp again , but with bigger optical telescopes and in xrays , radio waves and ultraviolet light .
They compared , they argued , they discussed its every ramification and aspect , decided it was more green than blue .
By May 30 , Hanny ’s 25th birthday , they ’d asked for and received time on the Hubble Space Telescope .
By July , it was all over the internet .
By November they ’d figured out that the Voorwerp was embedded in a cloud of gas so big it hid IC 2497 ’s center , and in the center was a black hole out of which shot a hard x-ray jet - and where the jet hit the gas , it made the Voorwerp .
The gas cloud - the size of 8,500,000,000 suns - is probably what ’s left of some nameless galaxy that ran into IC 2497 and came apart .
As of this May , astronomers had gotten the Hubble data and are still looking in it to see how big that black hole is and whether that nameless galaxy left any stars behind .
Meanwhile , Galaxy Zoo uploaded 0.5 zillion other galaxies that , like IC2497 , have active black holes , looking for more of what they ’re calling little Voorwerps - ” Voorwerpje’s . ”
Hanny had gotten famous - interviewed , photographed , travels all over to give talks .
Brian
May congratulated her , some scifi / fantasy guys are turning her into a webcomic , to be released this fall .
She likes all this .
But she has n’t gotten any makeovers , she still looks like she plays guitar and teaches school , though she ’s moved on to teaching secondary school now , in the school she herself had attended .
And she still clicks on galaxies at Galaxy Zoo .
Somewhere in the process she took her first airplane flight , and coming in to land at night , she thought the city below looked like upside - down stars .
She says she likes telling people how cool science is and that everybody can do it .
Here , try it .
Ann Finkbeiner is a science writer .
For several years now , she ’s been mostly writing books .
She ’s just finished her last book , has no idea for another one and has n’t a clue what to do next .
She ’s co-owner of The Last Word on Nothing .
Photo : the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
Alright Apple , you win .
You do n't really want multitasking on the iPhone , and iOS4 's halfhearted attempt proves it .
iOS4 's multitasking is a mess of a feature .
Yes , it lets you listen to Pandora while using other apps .
Yes , it lets you freeze games that support multitasking , such as Plants vs. Zombies , while you take care of more important tasks .
But in exchange for those perks , some of the iPhone 's elegance is lost , and the advantages you 'd gain from true multitasking are n't there either .
( See related : iOS 4.0 Multitasking Has Challenge Ahead )
Let 's be clear about what iOS4's multitasking is :
Rather than run multiple apps at the same time , iOS4 freezes the ones that are n't in use , with the exception of certain functions .
Music , for instance , can play in the background , VoIP apps can answer calls and GPS apps can give directions .
But most apps wo n't do anything except go to sleep , which means one of the classic tricks of multitasking , loading one task while you perform another , is not available unless the developer adds that function under a special task completion API .
Some apps , such as Flickr , may take advantage of this feature for large file transfers , but others wo n't .
Waiting for a YouTube video to buffer over a 3G connection ?
It wo n't go anywhere unless you 're staring at the loading screen .
Then there 's the issue I 've seen acknowledged most often :
Developers must add multitasking functionality themselves , and the majority have yet to do so .
This will fix itself with time , but the lack of support dampens the initial impact of iOS4 's marquee feature .
What bothers me the most , however , is the sloppy implementation of iPhone multitasking .
Every time you open an app , it gets added to the tray , and the only way to close it is by pressing and holding any app icon , then clicking the top - left corner of the apps you want to close .
If you do n't micromanage , the tray quickly becomes overrun with clutter , making it hard to find the apps you really need .
When Apple chief executive Steve Jobs introduced iOS4 , he said this : " When it comes to multitasking , if a user has to use a task manager , they ( the developer ) blew it . "
I suppose Jobs was referring to Windows Task Manager , which you use when all hell breaks loose on a PC .
But taken literally , iOS4 has a task manager too , and all hell breaks lose if you do n't use it .
This time , Apple blew it .
Microsoft has silently slipped a Firefox extension onto user machines via an automatic software update .
Again .
This week , as part of its regular Patch Tuesday , Redmond released an update for its various browser toolbars , and as Ars Technica noticed , this update also installed an entire add - on for Internet Explorer and an extension for Mozilla Firefox – without asking users .
Ars was unable to identify the installs , but Microsoft now tells
The Reg that the update was installing the latest version of its Bing toolbar on machines that were running the older Windows Live Toolbar or MSN Toolbar .
The company says it has now , um , updated the update , and the silent toolbar install no longer occurs .
The company calls the silent install " a bug . "
" We discovered a bug in the latest update that was installing the Firefox extension for users with the Windows Live Toolbar and MSN Toolbar ( specifically people who have not upgraded to the latest version of the Bing Bar ) , " the company tells us .
" We fixed the update so that going forward folks who still have only the older Windows Live Toolbar or MSN Toolbar will not see this behavior anymore . "
The company apologizes for any inconvenience this may have caused .
Microsoft says that the update was supposed to include only its Search Enhancement Pack , a shared component used by the Windows Live Toolbar , MSN Toolbar , and Bing Bar .
The Pack , the company says , enables certain toolbar features , such as the search suggestions drop down .
The update was originally tagged with the Search Enhancement Pack label , but it also installed the Bing toolbar on certain machines .
The update was marked " important , " not " optional . "
And Firefox users at MozillaZone were n't too happy about the silent extension install .
" I am still annoyed that Microsoft thinks it is ok to arbitrarily tack on something to my FF browser WITHOUT asking , and worst of all , disabling the Uninstall button !
Why do they keep doing stupid things like that ?! " says one posted .
Users were similarly peeved a year ago , when a service pack for the .NET Framework silently pushed a Firefox add - on .
This add - on - Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant - enabled .NET apps to be installed with one click .
It also shipped with a disabled uninstall button . ®
Sie fragen sich , wie andere Unternehmen in den Suchmaschinenrankings immer weit oben landen und ihren Bekanntheitsgrad stetig steigern konnten ?
Eine Option für erfolgreiche Werbung im Internet kann Google Adwords sein .
Entdecken Sie mit der Hilfe unserer Google Adwords Agentur . wie auch Sie dieses Werbesystem für Ihr Unternehmen gewinnbringend nutzen können !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Both Democrats and Republicans found glimmers of hope for November ’s midterm elections amid the political rubble on Wednesday , the day after an anti-establishment wave crashed over the two parties .
Representative Joe Sestak ( D - PA ) waves to supporters as his carries his 9 - year - old daughter Alex alongside his wife Susan Clark - Sestak after declaring victory over Senator Arlen Specter in the Senate democratic primary election at the Valley Forge Military Academy in Wayne , Pennsylvania , May 18 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Beverly Schaefer
In Senate primary elections , disgruntled voters dumped one Democratic senator , Arlen Specter in Pennsylvania , and forced another , Blanche Lincoln , to a run-off in Arkansas in races that Republicans said showed broad anger with President Barack Obama and the Democrats ’ policies .
But Democrats touted their win in a special U.S. House of Representatives election in Pennsylvania and took solace in the rout of the Republican establishment choice in favor of a conservative “ Tea Party ” candidate in Kentucky .
“ It was a good news - bad news night for both parties , ” said Jennifer Duffy , an analyst with the nonpartisan Cook Political Report .
“ Voters clearly said to both parties they are not happy with the status quo . ”
The House race was the only contest that mirrored November ’s elections by pitting the two parties head - to - head -- and Democrat Mark Critz beat Republican Tim Burns by 8 percentage points in a blue - collar Democratic district that backed Republican presidential candidate John McCain in 2008 .
It was the kind of swing district both parties must win in November , and the Republican loss raised questions about their ability to benefit from a sour voter mood and gain the 41 Democratic seats they need to claim control of the House .
“ It demonstrates that Democrats can compete and win in conservative districts , ” Democratic Party chief Tim Kaine said at the National Press Club .
“ It represented exactly the type of seat Republicans must win this fall if they are to be successful . ”
But Republicans noted the Democrat won after distancing himself from Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and opposing parts of Obama ’s agenda .
They said the entire Democratic Party would be unable to do that in November , when all 435 House seats , 36 Senate seats and 37 governorships are at stake .
‘ AN EARLY PREVIEW ’
“ This hard - fought race gave us an early preview of what Democrats will attempt to do in the fall in order to survive , ” said Representative Pete Sessions , chairman of the House Republican campaign committee .
“ They will steer clear of publicly campaigning with President Obama and Speaker Pelosi , distance themselves from the Democratic agenda , and attempt to co-opt Republican positions on the issues , ” he said .
The loss by the six - term veteran Specter was a setback for Obama , who visited Pennsylvania on his behalf last September .
A Specter television ad used his quote from that visit : “ I love Arlen Specter . ”
Republicans said they could take advantage in November of Obama ’s unpopularity in conservative areas .
Rand Paul , the conservative “ Tea Party ” favorite who beat a handpicked Republican establishment candidate in a Kentucky Senate primary , practically taunted Obama after his win .
“ Please bring President Obama to Kentucky , bring him to campaign as much and as often as they can because he ’s incredibly unpopular here , ” Paul told Fox News Channel .
“ Bring it on . ”
Paul rode to victory on the anger of grass - roots Tea Party activists who oppose runaway government spending and favor more limited government .
Democrats hoped his win could open the door for their more moderate candidate , state Attorney General Jack Conway .
Kaine said the win by Paul -- and the recent defeat of Utah Republican Senator Bob Bennett by Tea Party activists -- was a sign of a Republican civil war that could have long - term benefits for Democrats .
“ In order to satisfy Tea Party activists , Republicans are running to the right .
As moderates are eliminated , the Republican Party will become less and less appealing to independents and other swing voters , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
Wall Street analysts expressed concern the anti-Washington mood would lead both parties to pick more extreme candidates , raising the risk of gridlock on Capitol Hill when policymakers say unified action is needed to tackle the budget deficit .
“ It seems to be the more extreme wings of either party who are winning and are not necessarily going to be fiscally responsible , ” said John Canally , an investment strategist and economist for LPL Financial in Boston .
While the primaries are about appealing to the extremes , the November election would focus on winning the broad middle , said Stephen Wayne , a political analyst at Georgetown University .
“ Voters who turn out in general elections are less ideological as a whole than in the primaries , ” he said .
“ You see polarization in primaries -- you wo n’t see it as much in the general election . ”
The next political showdown comes on Saturday in another special House election in a Democratic district in Hawaii .
Add one more possible danger from the Gulf oil spill : tiny oil particles ingested by translucent sea creatures could burn them up from the inside out .
The theory is still somewhat controversial , but it 's been shown to happen in the laboratory and several groups are looking in to it in real - world conditions .
The phenomenon is called photoenhanced toxicity .
What happens is when certain types of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from petroleum are absorbed into translucent cells and those cells are then exposed to sunlight , the ultraviolent radiation in the sunlight can excite the oxygen molecules present , acting as a catalyst inside the cell and literally burning it up from the inside out .
" It can magnify the toxicity of polyyclic hydrocarbons by several thousand fold , " says Jeffrey Short , a former NOAA chemist who is now Pacific Science Director with Oceana .
The chemical reaction can happen in both single and multi-celled organisms , including zooplankton , fish and crustacean larvae .
By Elizabeth Weise
CONCORD , N.H. —
The US Mint introduced a $ 1 coin yesterday bearing the image of President Franklin Pierce , a New Hampshire native who served from 1853 to 1857 .
The coin , the 14th in a series of coins honoring former presidents , features Pierce and his famously unruly hair on one side and the Statue of Liberty on the reverse .
Pierce has often been written off as a weak leader who was wrong on slavery , the overriding issue of his time .
But biographer Peter Wallner urged schoolchildren who attended yesterday ’s ceremony to look beyond their textbooks to learn more about Pierce , whom he called a complex man with simple values .
“ Franklin Pierce is n’t often remembered today in a celebratory way , and that is too bad , because in many ways , he was an admirable and patriotic citizen and was a formidable military and political leader , ’’ he told the crowd outside Pierce ’s historic home .
Pierce rose quickly in politics : he was elected to the Legislature at age 24 , was named Speaker of the House at age 25 , and by 32 had served in both the US House and Senate .
As president , he ran one of the most corruption - free administrations of the 19th century , paid down 60 percent of the national debt and was on “ the right side of history ’ ’ on most major issues , from the temperance movement to westward expansion , Wallner said .
The exception was slavery , Wallner said .
Pierce abhorred it personally , but he was dedicated to upholding the Constitution and avoiding civil war .
Most damaging to his presidency was his support for the Kansas - Nebraska Act , which allowed settlers in the two territories decide for themselves whether to allow slavery .
It resulted in sometimes fatal clashes between pro- and antislavery groups in Kansas , further animosity between the North and the South , and more divisions within Pierce ’s party , the Democrats .
“ For his failure to embrace the cause of emancipation and the civil war , his presidency and reputation are forever tarnished , ’’ Wallner said .
Legislation to create the presidential coin series was introduced in 2005 by John E. Sununu , a former senator from New Hampshire , and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada .
“ I tried to talk Harry Reid into starting with President Pierce ; it was a very short conversation , ’’ Sununu quipped in a phone interview .
He said the presidential coins have become even more of a success than lawmakers or US Mint officials anticipated , and have built on the success of the state quarter program .
Andy Brunhart , deputy director of the US Mint , attended yesterday ’s ceremony and helped dump a bowl of coins on a table to display them to the crowd .
“ As these coins move from hand to hand and actually pass from generation to generation , they will connect us to our history , ’’ he said .
Beyond the educational value , officials hope use of dollar coins will become more widespread because they last longer than paper dollars , he said .
Brunhart acknowledged it has been tough to get Americans to embrace the coins as everyday currency , rather than collectors ’ items .
Cait McAllister , 9 , said she had no intention of spending the coin she and other children were given after the ceremony .
“ I ’m going to save it , ’’ she said .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc said on Wednesday recent changes to Apple ’s developers agreement would effectively cripple Google ’s advertising tools for the iPhone , creating “ artificial ” barriers to competition .
A photo of the Google Inc. logo is shown on a computer screen in San Francisco , California July 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
Apple changed the language of the agreement on Monday .
As written , it appears to prohibit certain third - party ad agencies from collecting critical usage data from iPhone applications .
This would hamper rival ad agencies ’ ability to target their ads and make it more difficult to compete with Apple ’s own ad network , which is set to launch July 1 .
“ This change is not in the best interests of users or developers , ” Omar Hamoui , founder of mobile ad company AdMob , said in a blog post .
AdMob was recently purchased by Google .
Hamoui said Google will raise its concerns with Apple , which has declined to comment on the new terms of its developers agreement .
“ Artificial barriers to competition hurt users and developers and , in the long run , stall technological progress , ” Hamoui said .
AdMob recently disclosed that roughly one - third of the ads it served in April were for devices running the iPhone platform .
The iPad and the iPod touch also use the software .
The initial language of Apple ’s new iPhone developers agreement , which emerged in April , prohibited data about app usage to be transmitted to any outside analytics companies , which help agencies target their ads .
Those rules rankled some app developers and generated questions from the Federal Trade Commission , one developer said .
The updated language -- which was first noted by the MediaMemo blog -- appeared to put in place significant new restrictions , particularly when it comes to Google .
It allows user data to be transmitted only to “ an independent advertising service provider whose primary business is serving mobile ads , ” one that is not affiliated with “ a developer or distributor of mobile devices , mobile operating systems . ”
This would effectively bar Google , which designed the Android mobile operating system and makes the Nexus One smartphone .
Google paid $ 750 million for AdMob .
After holding the deal up for six months , the FTC approved it last month , saying Apple ’s entry into the mobile ad market would increase competition .
Apple purchased mobile ad company Quattro Wireless in January , after being outbid by Google for AdMob .
In April , Apple unveiled iAd , its own advertising network , which will sell and host ads on the iPhone platform .
Apple said Monday it has already reeled in $ 60 million worth of commitments for mobile ads .
Here ’s an unlikely effect of recession :
It may actually be helping some Americans improve their health .
The majority of middle - class Americans say they are healthier because of frugal behaviors during the last year , including cooking at home or spending less on junk food , according to the results of a survey that the financial planning firm First Command Financial Services plans to release this week .
Nearly half of those responding to the survey said their frugal behaviors were making them healthier , while another 45 percent said at least a portion of their frugal behaviors were making them healthier .
“ These survey results reveal an important connection between personal finance and health , ” Scott Spiker , chief executive of First Command Financial Services , said in a statement .
So what are some examples of the frugal behaviors respondents are engaging in ?
According to the results , 45 percent of respondents said they have cut back in the last year by cooking at home more often ; 30 percent said they were spending less on junk food ; 13 percent said they have reduced driving costs by walking or riding a bicycle to work ; 10 percent said they have reduced spending on alcohol ; and 7 percent said they were growing their own food .
In contrast , just 2 percent said they had canceled or postponed the purchase of home exercise equipment , 3 percent said they had quit smoking and 6 percent said they had reduced spending on medicine , prescriptions , vitamins and dietary supplements .
The survey data was collected in April as part of First Command ’s monthly online survey of about 1,000 consumers in the United States age 25 to 70 with annual household incomes of at least $ 50,000 .
The monthly results are compiled by the market research firm Sentient Decision Science , and April was the first month the survey , called the Financial Behaviors Index , asked about the health effects of frugal behaviors .
Still , some respondents — 6 percent — said their frugal behaviors were making them less healthy .
Do you agree with the survey results ?
Why or why not ?
What effect are your frugal behaviors having on your health ?
The next Microsoft Windows operating system should put everything and I mean everything in a sandbox .
There was a time when I disagreed with the idea that the core of Microsoft 's next major operating system , Windows 8 , would be a hypervisor , or .
Now , however , I see the beauty of this approach , especially for consumers .
An operating system that runs everything as a virtualized machine could be one of the most significant and beneficial steps Microsoft has ever taken in the continuing development of the Windows platform .
Plus , there is evidence , going all the way back to the early days of , that this is the exact direction Microsoft has been going in all along .
When I met with Windows executives at the Microsoft Professional Developers Conference in October 2008 , they told us about the newly componentized nature of the operating system .
For Windows 7 , this meant a peeling away of many things that had been intrinsic to the OS .
So , all of the apps that used to come with it the movie and DVD creation tools , messaging , and even e-mail would now be optional .
Even before Microsoft took a hatchet to Windows 7 , the company had to figure out how to disentangle Internet Explorer from the operating system 's core .
Now , at least in the European Union , you can choose to have other browsers pre-installed on your desktop .
While these are mostly minor changes that do not get to the true core of the OS , they do , in their small way , help clear the path for Windows 8 to become the first fully virtualized Windows .
I also have a theory that Microsoft has been working to reduce the size of the core OS dramatically ( though the company has gone on record , saying it hates to talk about the kernel ) and , even as it adds features and functionality to the interface , make it smaller , too .
If you look at what 's possible on 1MB Web pages , you can see that everything Microsoft is doing on Windows 7 is little more than calls to the core OS with some lightweight graphics work on the front end .
Even flashier features , like see - through panes , are really off - loaded to powerful graphics CPUs .
My point is that Windows 8 can , essentially , be a lightweight core ( or kernel ) and even a lighter - weight interface .
Everything else can be a virtual machine .
Here are the benefits .
If every single thing that runs on top of the operating system is a virtual machine , then applications , drivers , files , Web browsers , and the pages you view can all run in sandboxes , protected from each other and incapable of harming the OS .
It 's easy to shut down virtual machines , and in Windows 8 , I could imagine that technical functions , such as launching and closing virtual machines and even accessing system hard drives and peripherals outside the virtual machines , could be user friendly .
In other words , consumers would have no idea that they 're running a series of virtual machines .
They 'd see a " What 's running " window , with a bunch of buttons next to each item that lets them pause , stop , or turn off the app , browser , etc . .
They could still do it the old - fashioned way by selecting " Close " or " Exit " from a drop - down menu , but so many people are familiar with Windows Task Manager that they might appreciate this level of control .
Hardware control and mounting drives across virtual machines can be tough , but I think Microsoft can get this worked out by launch time .
One option would be to offer a new hardware control panel or " Sharing Center . "
This consumer - friendly interface would give consumers the option of sharing or shielding hardware and drives across all virtualized machines .
Most of the time , you 'll want full , cross- machine access .
Sometimes you wo n't .
Maybe , for example , Dad does n't want junior to access the NAS and possibly mess up the photo and video archives .
In this new control panel , he could give Junior access to certain drives only when he uses certain apps ( runs certain virtual machines ) .
To Dad , this will appear like basic user - level control settings , but to the OS , it 'll be a complex system of levers for virtualized access and user control .
Another obvious benefit of an all - virtualized OS is security .
If you 're browsing the Web and malware tries to attack or overtly suggest you install it to protect yourself , that nastyware simply wo n't get further than the browser sandbox .
This new kind of OS could kill the security software industry .
The biggest and , perhaps , most significant benefit , though , is that the Registry dies .
Windows would no longer keep track of every app , device , call , and DLL .
The OS will be done carrying the applications ' water .
Virtualized apps and hardware will only be allowed to store local XML files that tell them something about the base hardware and where to find locally - stored files .
Device drivers already get their Device Stage information from just such an XML - like file .
I see no reason why this could n't work for everything else .
I know some people will say that there 's little reason to wait for Microsoft to build this mythical virtualized OS  not when Google Chrome for the desktop is right around the corner .
Chrome will be very light and rely heavily on cloud - based apps to get stuff done .
From a security standpoint , it 'll already have a leg up on Windows 7 .
However , huge questions remain regarding power , usability , and always - on access to critical documents and files .
Most consumers will , I 'd venture , still look to Microsoft and Windows for their next OS .
However , if Microsoft does n't do something radical like what I 've proposed , there will be fewer and fewer people who will walk that well - worn path .
Virtualization is already a great tool for businesses , but the smart money is on making an operating system that sees the world in tightly - controlled sandboxes .
This is how Microsoft will pave a new road for Windows users in this still young 21st century .
Far - reaching legislation that would impose new environmental safeguards on offshore drilling , repeal oil industry - friendly provisions of the 2005 Energy Policy Act and hit producers with a new tax to fund conservation programs gained ground in Congress on Thursday .
Acting on the 86th day of the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , the House Natural Resources Committee approved the measure , which is among a pile of oil - spill - related bills lined up like planes at LAX .
The bill , which passed the Democratic - controlled panel on a largely party - line vote , would strip the oil industry of royalty relief for deep - water drilling .
It would repeal a provision of the 2005 energy legislation that exempted projects , including the Deepwater Horizon drilling , from detailed environmental analysis .
It would also bar companies with a poor environmental and safety record from bidding on future offshore oil and gas leases .
The bill would provide $ 900 million a year -- about triple the amount provided this year – for purchasing land for national parks , forests and wildlife refuges and helping states fund parks and recreation projects .
The money would come from a $ 2 - per- barrel " conservation fee " on the domestic production of oil .
Among the parks that could benefit from the increased funding is the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .
Rep. Nick J. Rahall ll ( D - W.Va . ) , the committee chairman , called the April 20 Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion a " game changer " and " proof positive that broad reforms are needed to ensure that oil and gas development on federal lands and waters is done efficiently while protecting human safety and the environment . "
Republicans and the oil industry accused the Democratic majority of acting in haste before the causes of the Deepwater Horizon explosion are known .
" Reforms are clearly needed , but Congress should n’t get ahead of the facts , " said the panel ’s top Republican , Doc Hastings of Washington state .
The American Petroleum Institute said the bill would " penalize the entire oil industry " for the Deepwater Horizon spill and " threaten American jobs , the nation ’s economy and its energy security . "
Republicans contended that the legislation would increase U.S. dependence on foreign oil .
They also accused Democrats of exploiting a tragedy to promote pet causes , such as advancing the $ 2 - per - barrel tax to triple the funding for conservation projects nationwide .
The committee ’s Democratic majority also thwarted a Republican effort to try to overturn the Obama administration ’s recently renewed deep - water drilling moratorium in the gulf .
Democratic leaders want to pass a raft of spill - related legislation before the August recess , but their plan to include spill - inspired legislation in a broader energy bill that could include measures to address global - warming emissions could complicate matters .
The provision to bar a company from bidding on offshore leases if it has a history of violating safety and environmental laws was added to the bill at the behest of Rep. George Miller ( D - Martinez ) , a critic of oil giant BP ’s safety record .
" Unable to change on its own , my amendment would require BP , and any other company like it , to become a responsible actor or lose access to the valuable offshore assets that belong to the American people , ’’ Miller said .
The measure would bar a company if its record indicated five times the industry average for willful or repeat worker - safety violations at its oil and gas facilities , if more than 10 fatalities occurred at any of its facilities , or if it incurred fines of $ 10 million or more under the Clean Air Act or Clean Water
Act within the preceding seven years .
A BP spokesman declined comment .
The $ 2 - per - barrel " conservation fee " drew criticism from Rep. Bill Cassidy ( R - La. ) , who said that it would increase the cost of domestic oil production and jeopardize jobs in his energy - producing state .
But the Wilderness Society , which supported the provision , noted in a letter to lawmakers that offshore energy production has " always been predicated on the idea that the depletion of one national , non-renewable natural resource must be balanced by the long - term protection of threatened habitats , beaches , waterways and other special places .
" Republicans cheered committee approval of their proposal for Congress to create its own commission to investigate the gulf disaster .
Republicans have complained that a presidential commission lacks drilling experts and includes members tilted against the industry .
The bill would require monthly inspections of offshore drilling rigs and better spill - response plans , and it would increase the maximum fine from $ 100,000 to $ 10 million for criminal violations of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act .
It also would write into law the Obama administration ’s revamping of the agency that regulates drilling .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar dismantled the scandal - plagued Minerals Management Service and replaced it with three offices aimed at reducing the potential for conflict of interest : one to lease federal lands and waters for energy development , one to enforce environmental and safety rules and another to collect royalties .
A summary of the bill is on the committee website .
-- Richard Simon , from Washington
by Mary Curtis , Herbalist
There comes a point after so many diet failures that you may be ready for dramatic measures to take off that extra weight .
Fasting for weight loss is touted by some as a sure way to kick - start major weight loss .
The Fast Diet , a new book written by Dr. Michael Mosley and Mimi Spencer , is based on the premise of intermittent fasting for weight loss .
This new diet regimen is better known as the 5:2 diet : five days of eating and drinking whatever a person wants , followed by two days of strict fasting .
This intriguing new approach to weight loss is based on Alternate Day fasting ( ADF ) .
In this type of fast , you eat what you want one day , then follow a very restricted diet ( fewer than 600 calories ) the next day .
A lot of people can’t handle ADF , so the 5:2 diet is basically an easier version .
With this plan , you eat five days a week as you normally do , then the remaining two days you eat two meals of roughly 250 to 300 calories each , for a total of 500 calories ( if you are a woman ) , or 600 calories ( if you are a man ) .
If you can follow this diet for five weeks , you can lose up to 20 pounds and your blood markers ( IGF - 1 , glucose and cholesterol ) should show significant improvement .
As a result , you may also substantially reduce your risk of contracting age - related diseases like diabetes and cancer .
Having said that , for those individuals who are serious about fasting , it ’s best to do the 5:2 diet under medical supervision .
This is because there are many individuals , such as pregnant women or diabetics on medication , for whom fasting could be dangerous .
Fasting for Healing and Detoxification
A major benefit of periodic fasting is that it allows your body the time to rest and rejuvenate .
Many people do n’t realize how much energy is required to digest food on a regular basis .
By avoiding food and the need to digest it , you are able to divert the body ’s resources to healing and detoxification .
Taking a break from food can renew your entire being and provide a fresh and dynamic outlook on every aspect of life .
Fasting as an Alternative Health Remedy
Let there be no doubt that obesity has become an epidemic , and people are letting the food they eat slowly kill them .
Unfortunately , most people do n’t take the steps necessary to prevent illness from taking root in their bodies .
Instead , they allow themselves to become overweight , perhaps even obese .
The bodies of overweight people become toxic and sick but still they do n’t take action to get better .
Then these same people start visiting the doctor in hopes of finding the cure that has been within them the whole time .
“ Patient , heal thyself ! ”
The fundamental issue here is that relying solely on doctors and medicine to address our personal health problems is not the answer .
It ’s better to assume personal responsibility for one ’s health .
You should be willing to do everything possible to improve and enhance your health , and fasting for weight loss tips like the ones in this article can be of great help .
For example , a detoxifying juice fast can do wonders for your energy and mental clarity .
Being overweight and with a toxic bowel can contribute to a multitude of illnesses including hypertension , heart disease , stroke , diabetes and even cancer .
Cleansing diets , when combined with exercise , can help to alleviate these serious and sometimes life - threatening conditions .
Fasting Helps the Body to Detoxify
Diets sometimes fail because the dieter often returns to the same poor eating habits after the diet is finished .
On the other hand , fasting for weight loss encourages deep body detoxification .
Fasting gives the body an important opportunity to take a break from digestion , allowing it instead to shift its attention to cleansing and healing of tissues .
Fasting – when done properly – can be a good way to lose weight and restore your health .
Fasting helps to eliminate toxins from the body that may cause pain or disease .
These toxins accumulate in the bloodstream and digestive system from the food you eat , the air you breathe and the water you drink .
Another benefit of fasting is that it also helps increase mental clarity .
Fasting allows you to hit the “ reset button ” on your eating habits and literally start again from scratch .
When you do a fast , you are giving your digestion a chance to rest and your body to rejuvenate .
Bad eating habits can be changed by starting over with healthier food choices that can become a way of life .
Breaking Food Addictions
A healing fast will help break addiction to food and change unhealthy eating habits .
Fasting provides a reset point to literally start over .
Most people have a relationship with food that is hard to break .
Juicing for weight loss allows you detoxify and then take a fresh look at your old bad habits .
Ideally , a successful fast leads to a permanent change in your eating habits .
A fasting program may take some time , but in the end you will teach your body to enjoy raw foods and feel satisfied with healthy foods .
It ’s not just about the weight – you literally can change your life by fasting for weight loss !
( published April 2 , 2010 )
Aline Wright told WRCB Officer Daves blocked the entrance to the emergency room at Erlanger Medical Center after her husband Eric " Jesse " Wright ran a red light while attempting to get her to the emergency room .
Aline , a cancer survivor , was showing symptoms of having a stroke at the time she was rushed to the hospital .
When Intel first unveiled its " Silverthorne " microarchitecture in 2008 , it was clear that the low - power , in - order processors based on it ( i.e. , Atom ) would be at the very bottom of the performance heap .
It 's fair to say that none of us in the tech press ever expected to see a server based on the design , much less one that would be aimed directly at Intel 's high - end Xeon line .
But we were n't the only ones watching the Silverthorne announcement .
SeaMicro is a Silicon Valley hardware startup that began work in July 2007 on a server that could gang together cheap , low - end processors like Atom in ways that would make sense for Web- centric server workloads .
The result of that effort was unveiled today in the form of the SeaMicro SM10000 , a datacenter server that squeezes 512 Atom processors into 10 U of space and draws 2 KW of power .
SeaMicro claims that the server provides the same SPECINT performance as a Dell Xeon server in one - fourth the space and at one - fourth the power .
Its biggest advantage is that it runs existing x86 software , from the disk images on each node up to load - balancing and automation packages .
How it works
We 've been over and over the economic case for the kind of server architecture that the SM10000 represents , so there 's no need to recap that here ( check " Further Reading " below for more on " physicalization " ) .
Instead , let 's take a practical look at how the SM10 K works .
Each server node consists of one Atom Z530 chipset ( Atom CPU plus I /O hub ) , a small pool of DRAM , and a special ASIC chip that attaches to the I/ O hub 's PCIe bus .
This ASIC is what makes the SeaMicro idea work , and it does so by pretending to be a standard complement of PCIe - based storage and networking controllers .
So while the front side of the ASIC attaches to the Atom chipset via PCIe , the backside of it attaches to a high - bandwidth , proprietary bus that connects the invidual server nodes to each other and to a shared pool of storage and network interfaces .
The ASIC does a bit of sleight - of - hand for the Atom node that it 's attached to , making it appear as if the OS instance that 's running on that node is directly looking at and talking to the storage and networking controllers ; in reality , those controllers are being shared by all of the Atom nodes in the system .
In other words , the ASIC implements a kind of I/O virtualization in hardware .
By removing all of the storage and I/ O controller hardware from each server node in order to centralize it in one place in the system , and by leaving a single ASIC at the node as the kind of ghost or avatar for that ( now centrally located ) controller hardware , the SM10 K dramatically reduces the size of each individual server node .
The picture below shows a single board that packs eight server nodes in a 5 " x 11 " space .
SeaMicro 's approach makes for an incredibly low cost per node , both in terms of bill of materials and power consumption .
On some kinds of workloads , like a Web application that features transient bursts of lightweight threads , the Atom - based server should indeed deliver better performance per watt and per dollar than a Xeon server running a bunch of virtual machines .
Right now , SeaMicro only offers a product based on Atom , which the company claims is head - and - shoulders above the dual - core ARM A9 parts it tested in performance per watt on server workloads .
But there 's nothing stopping the company from offering ARM - based servers , since the basic design should theoretically work with any chipset or SoC that talks to peripherals over PCIe .
What will really rock this design is Intel 's upcoming Tunnel Creek SoC , which is an Atom - based SoC that has a PCIe controller on the main die , instead of in an I / O hub .
A successor to the SM10 K based on Tunnel Creek could do away with the I/ O hub entirely , cutting down the number of components in each node to just an SoC , some DRAM , and the ASIC .
If SeaMicro moved to two SoCs per node in this case , they could instantly double the number of Atom cores in their design without increasing its size .
Absolute power consumption would go up , of course , but so would power efficiency ( the lack of an I / O hub chip would mean fewer wasted watts ) .
It 's likely that SeaMicro is only the first of a barrage of similar startups that we 'll see in the coming years .
Plenty of system architects across Silicon Valley think in exactly these terms , and SeaMicro 's exit from stealth mode shows that the approach is finally making the transition from a popular " what if ... " notion and a few one - off products to an actual movement .
Hayley Martin talks about the sexism she encountered on her path to become an engineer
I have spent the last eight months working as an industrial placement process engineer in a manufacturing engineering site .
I ended up here as I am currently reading chemical engineering at University .
I chose this degree as it seemed a nice mixture of physics , maths and common sense .
I have always been interested in science , and been actively encouraged at school to further my knowledge in this area .
I also did well in English and geography , but found they were n’t quite engaging enough for me .
I like the problems that physics posed , and the methodology and logic that maths required .
Because of this I took maths , physics and Spanish at A level .
I was lucky enough to go to an all - girls ’ school ( boarding at that ; my father was in the RAF ) where it was n’t even considered that girls were n’t as capable as boys .
There were no boys there to compare ourselves to , so really , we did n’t know any different .
Because it was a private school , the classes were also smaller , so if a student needed extra help in one area – or wanted to explore another area further , the teachers were able to provide the support needed .
It was n’t until university that I realised that perhaps not many other girls were as interested in the maths and physics that I loved .
Out of the 90 or so people on my course , there were about 10 girls ( incidentally , I was the only white girl in the class ) .
This did n’t bother me , as my background lead me to believe that everyone was as capable as everyone else – besides this we all had a common goal ; to gain our degree in chemical engineering .
Girls are constantly doing better than boys at school , but then later being told to focus their efforts on English , psychology and other more socially - relate degrees and careers .
And I do n’t know of one high - profile female engineer for girls to aspire to be like
In the beginning , I naively thought that the other students all had the same outlook on life as me , and believed that I was just as capable of doing this degree as them .
After a few comments and remarks on my ability to do my course , I realised that this was not the case at all .
The remarks occasionally made me a little upset , but I just put it down to the fact that these were naïve , ignorant boys who did n’t know any better .
I did n’t let it get to me too much , as I had a good group of supportive , clever course - mates who supported me whenever I did need any help .
I also thought that they would eventually grow up ( one hopes ! ) and I would n’t have to deal with this in industry .
How wrong I was !
Since starting my work placement eight months ago I have been subjected to ageism , sexism and a lot of being talked down to .
I am very aware that I know nothing ; and am completely happy to admit this .
I feel this makes me more willing and able to learn .
But I believe my age and sex combined leads people to believe I am less able to do a job of a man my age .
I have had contractors slap me on the arse on my way out of the office ; people suggest I only get anything done by fitters because I flirt with them .
I have had people try and book appointments on my colleagues ’ calendars – and I have had to politely inform them that I am not the office secretary , but in fact , an engineer .
I had expected all of these comments at university – but had expected the people making them to have grown up by the time they reached industry .
I did try and talk to one line manager of mine , who suggested I try dressing differently .
This meant , not dressing “ more professionally ” ( such as , more matching suit sets ) as I first thought , but showing less flesh .
I had thought a shirt and linen trousers were perfectly acceptable for August weather .
However , apparently wearing skirts and showing off my shapely 21 - year - old legs , was making me more of a target – I was asking for these comments .
Whether or not I was ‘ asking for it ’ , the men in my workplace should have behaved more professionally and kept their opinions to themselves .
When I look for role models , or someone to discuss my problems with , I see no other senior female engineer .
Out of the team of 70 engineers , there is just one woman , in a ( fairly low ) project engineer position .
The whole situation at work left me feeling very devalued and demotivated .
I realised I was in a very fortunate position , to be working for a large corporate business , with the world at my feet .
But the way I was being treated made it all seem barely worth it .
I attended workshops for women who were in similar positions to me , and the advice was basically “ put up and shut up , change it – or get out ” .
I think this actually very good advice .
So here I am now , a few months later , and still basically in the same position .
I have managed to change the opinion of some people , because I actually am very good at my job .
Despite my boss telling me that I was “ never going to be a high flyer , or even a very good engineer ” , following my supervisor ’s promotion I have taken over his role .
The fact that I have managed to fill the shoes of someone who has a degree , spent 10 years in industry – the last three of which were spent here , and I was able to satisfy the role after six months , I think says a lot for my character and determination to succeed .
However , it ’s not all bad news .
There are some very good engineers here who treat me as an equal , and I believe it is them I learn the most from .
In order for me to be on equal terms with them , I have to improve my understanding of my discipline , engage more and understand more – and ultimately working with them makes my job much more satisfying .
It also has to be said that the company has been voted in a list of Top 50 places where women want to work .
However I believe this is a bit deceiving .
Because of the size of the company , there is a huge commercial and administrative department , and I believe this skews the ranking a little .
It would be interesting to see a Top 50 places where female engineers want to work .
I hear that girls are constantly doing better than boys at school , but then later being told to focus their efforts on English , psychology and other more socially - relate degrees and careers .
And I do n’t know of one high - profile female engineer for girls to aspire to be like .
Girls are just as capable of doing maths and physics , and becoming very capable engineers ; possibly even better than the men .
Social skills such as employee and time management , with the technical knowledge , ability and skill is going to make for a very valuable asset .
Regardless of the attitude and treatment I have been subjected too , I plan to continue improving my talents and abilities , and to become the best engineer I can be – not to prove them wrong , but to prove me right .
Picture of Kitty Joyner , electrical engineer , at Langley in 1952 obtained from Wikimedia Commons .
‘ Computer Engineer Barbie ’ picture courtesy of Mattel .
Women Barefoot Solar Engineers of Mauritania shared by Barefoot Photographers of Tilonia on Flickr .
The other is Eversion , which I 've recommended before on account of how it 's super rad : it 's a puzzle platformer through parallel universes , each getting increasingly dark / awesome .
There 's a new HD version with fancy graphics up on Steam for only five bucks and it 's totally worth it .
I also noticed they 're using a quote from the last time I recommended the game to sell it , which is both sweet and flattering .
Hooray !
One year ago today : guest week 2009 : zach weiner of saturday morning breakfast cereal !
– Ryan
Washington
ELENA KAGAN uttered neither the word “ gay ” nor “ marriage ” in her opening statement at the Senate confirmation hearings on her nomination to the Supreme Court , but she addressed the issue nonetheless .
No , she did n’t say how she will vote when gay marriage comes before the court , as it may soon .
What she did say was this :
“ The Supreme Court , of course , has the responsibility of ensuring that our government never oversteps its proper bounds or violates the rights of individuals .
But the court must also recognize the limits on itself and respect the choices made by the American people . ”
Ms. Kagan may not have had gay marriage in mind when she made that statement , but it could not be more relevant .
She seems to be saying that protecting minority rights is the Supreme Court ’s job description , but also that a civil rights claim does n’t automatically trump majority preferences .
This is something absolutists on both sides of the gay marriage debate do n’t like to hear , but it has the virtue of being right .
While the Senate considers Ms. Kagan ’s nomination , Judge Vaughn Walker of the United States District Court in San Francisco is deciding how to rule in a major lawsuit challenging Proposition 8 , the 2008 ballot initiative that revoked and banned same - sex marriage in California ( while leaving the state ’s marriage - like domestic partner program intact ) .
Judge Walker may declare that the United States Constitution gives gay couples the right to marry  a decision sure to start a political firestorm ( possibly just in time to give the Democrats an additional headache in this year ’s midterm elections ) .
Whatever he decides is likely to be appealed , presumably up to the court that Ms. Kagan seems likely to join .
This case is not primarily about the merits of gay marriage .
It is primarily about who gets to decide .
The plaintiffs say marriage is a civil right , and when a civil right is assailed , the Supreme Court has no choice but to take command .
If the Supreme Court does n’t protect minority rights , it abdicates its job .
People use computers at an Internet cafe in Changzhi , north China 's Shanxi province June 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stringer
BERLIN ( Reuters ) -
Even the most quirky of computer nerds can learn to flirt with finesse thanks to a new “ flirting course ” being offered to budding IT engineers at Potsdam University south of Berlin .
The 440 students enrolled in the master ’s degree course will learn how to write flirtatious text messages and emails , impress people at parties and cope with rejection .
Philip von Senftleben , an author and radio presenter who will teach the course , summed up his job as teaching how to “ get someone else ’s heart beating fast while yours stays calm . ”
The course , which starts next Monday , is part of the social skills section of the IT course and is designed to ease entry into the world of work .
Students also learn body language , public - speaking , stress management and presentation skills .
“ We want to prepare our students with the social skills needed to succeed both in their private life and their work life , ” said Hans - Joachim Allgaier , a spokesman for the institute at Potsdam University where the course is being offered .
Will it really kill legal gun owners if we restrict them to one gun purchase a month ?
It may kill children if we do n’t .
In some neighborhoods , it ’s as easy to get your hands on a pistol as on a bag of Cheetos .
We ’re battling an epidemic of gun violence in this state , with 14 - year - olds dying .
We have to do something about gangs .
But we also have to do something about guns .
The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives traced 1,000 of the illegal guns recovered from criminals and crime scenes in Massachusetts last year and found that more than a third were originally bought — legally — right here .
How did they get into the bad guys ’ hands ?
Some were stolen .
And some were acquired through straw purchases :
That ’s where legitimate buyers purchase multiple weapons , then sell them illegally on the street .
Legislation being considered on Beacon
Hill would limit gun buys to one every 30 days , making it impossible for traffickers to buy in bulk in Massachusetts .
It would n’t solve all our gun problems — not even close — but it would certainly help limit the local supply line .
Law enforcement officials , including the Boston and New Bedford Police Departments , and the Bristol and Suffolk district attorneys , believe this will save lives .
A vote - counting mixup nixed the bill last week .
To his credit , House Speaker Robert DeLeo has revived it .
This is no mean feat :
The powerful Gun Owners Action League , the local outpost of the National Rifle Association , hates the bill .
“ I call it the lawful citizens imprisonment act , ’’ James Wallace , executive director of the gun owners ’ league , told me at the State House this week .
He says it ’s outrageous that his law - abiding wife wo n’t be allowed to buy two shotguns at a gun -shop sale any more .
“ Where are the straw purchases ? ’’ he asked .
“ Nobody has come to us with any evidence . ’’
Wallace is being cute here .
For years , it has been almost impossible to trace patterns of gun sales , and resales , because of federal rules his NRA helped put in place :
Those rules prohibit the ATF from releasing information about how a gun made its way from factory to crime scene , shielding manufacturers from lawsuits .
Gun advocates like Wallace are Second Amendment absolutists .
They think the right to bear arms means the right to do so without limits .
They ’ve fought every attempt to put restrictions on guns here and nationally , pouring gazillions into a Congress which has done their bidding for years , and putting immense pressure on state lawmakers , who are mightily spooked by them .
Suggest that the Second Amendment might not mean completely untrammeled access to guns , and talk turns to camels and tents .
Question any of the freedoms enjoyed by gun owners and you ’re only inches away from the government coming into our homes , confiscating our weapons , and subjecting us to a dictatorship .
We are now seeing the ridiculous but logical extension of that position in Washington : Incredibly , the NRA is supporting gun rights for suspected terrorists , opposing a federal law that would prohibit people on federal terror watch lists from buying guns .
More than a thousand people on the watch list bought firearms between 2004 and 2010 , and the NRA defends their right to keep doing it .
This is crazy .
By failing to give even a fraction of an inch on their reading of the Second Amendment , the NRA imperils the safety of all of us .
The same is true in Massachusetts .
Some gun enthusiasts feel they need to buy more than 12 guns a year .
Some parents in our besieged cities know they need fewer guns on the street .
We live in a world where we have to find a reasonable balance between those needs .
This bill is it .
Yvonne Abraham is a Globe columnist .
She can be reached at abraham@globe.com
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
/
/
You are here : The Most Clever Jewelry Store Billboard Ever
I do n’t know whether to ride on Kara Ginther ’s custom bike saddles or display them in a gallery — and fittingly , her designs have been put to both uses .
By meticulously hand - tooling Brooks leather saddles , the choice of discerning bikers from slouching hipsters to tweed - clad dandies , Ginther rides that fine line between art , craft , and style .
Here are some of my favorite works from her Flickr stream .
A trio of strikingly different designs :
A nautical - themed commission in which “ I had a lot of fun playing with waves and water , ” notes Ginther :
- Advertisement -
A paisley - style design for Ahren Rogers , owner of Banjo Cycles in Madison , Wisconsin :
It ’s not like we do n’t have this stuff in the states – that is to say the composite elements : fries , gravy , cheese curds ; but apparently , poutine belongs in the same mythocultural category as deep - fried coke or BLT sandwiches made with a pound of bacon – culinary Nessies whose very existence can only be spoken of in barely audible whispers by men and women forever changed by the experience .
At least , that was my experience after a conversation with a friend who , having spent much of her life in persistent pursuit of poutinized perfection , revealed the existence of this dish to me with something I expect was a mixture of national pride ( she might have been humming “ Oh , Canada ” to herself ) , the delight that comes from sharing the existence of something you love , and possibly the sadistic glee that one child might get from revealing to another that yes , giant squid do exist and one will very likely suction your face off in the near future .
One , some , or all , it ’s hard to tell – she can be quite inscrutable when she wants to be and the subtle shades of meaning imparted by her grin have yet to be fully decoded by behavioral scientists .
What followed this revelation was an attempt on my part to prove not only that an entire nation of people did consider the combination of starch , starchy fat , and fat an acceptable snack , but that they did so without falling into utter and total madness .
Cursory web searches revealed the usual suspects , but these things can be faked .
Personal interviews were met with either disgusted looks ( the average American considers fries the sacred domain of ketchup , prefers their cheese curds breaded and deep - fried , and thinks of gravy as an edible substance twice during the average year ) , or furtive glaces that might have been better suited to espionage films .
The consensus ?
It existed , but no man , woman , or beast in my acquaintance had strength enough to try .
We fast forward to some several weeks later , when She - Who - Grins and I stood in front of Smoke ’s Poutinerie ( the West Adelaide location ) .
There had been subtle hints that I might be introduced to what was heretofore described to me as an edible Ark of the Covenant , but no indication as to where or when this might occur .
Thinking back , the cryptic nature of her clues and our hurried journey through Toronto ’s entertainment district – her iPhone and bottomless grin our only guides – might have been part of some austere methodology espoused by a particularly stringent group of Canadian cultural anthropologists .
To this day , I have no idea if her insistence that I lose my P ( outine ) card in her presence was childish delight or a necessary component of a longitudinal study involving the reaction of Americans to the synthesis of potato , brown glorp , and cheese .
Regardless of her intention , I was propelled up a short flight of stairs and through a single glass door into what I was assured
was a temple to the poutinist ’s ancient and fattening craft .
Standing together at the corner , She - Who - Grins wasted no time in telling both counterperson and cook that I had never had taken communion at the altar of the starchy - gravied curd and laid my imperfections bare .
Up to this point , I had done what I thought an admirable job blending in with the local populace – my country of origin apparent only in my charmingly awkward pronunciations of subway stops ( fun fact : the American tongue is physically incapable of pronouncing “ Dundas ” – trust me , those of you who THINK you got it right did n’t ) ; but now I was revealed as an interloper , a strange creature from a land that had only cream gravies that had never been poured atop a fry .
While I did attempt to address the fact that yes , in America we do have brown gravy , I do n’t think I was taken seriously .
Order assembled , table acquired and She - Who - Grins maintaining appropriate academic distance , I ate the Nessie .
Attempts at explaining the flavor would be pretty pointless – if you ’ve eaten gravy , fries , or cheese at some point in your life , imagine them all together and you ’ve got the basic idea .
There is no alchemy that occurs at the moment of combination , the disparate elements to not suddenly fuse into a divine and perfect whole ( at least not initially – once the cheese melts , it ’s a different story ) .
This is n’t a bad thing , however – as the individual components are familiar and comforting , and none stands out enough from the other to be particularly disturbing .
The cheese , as the name of the dish implies , gets everywhere .
She - Who - Grins fired off a quick message to someone – probably her research team – stating that I was “ underwhelmed ” ; while this was n’t the whole truth , it is fair to say I was n’t blown away by the experience simply because , well , I ’m an American , and as a rule , we do horrible things to our gastrointestinal tracts ( earlier discussion of the chili five - way filled She - Who - Grins with the same kind of inexplicable dread that gripped my fellow countrymen ) .
Asking whether or not I like the stuff is kind of pointless : of course I do – it ’s cheese , gravy , and fries .
I have , at one point , eaten these things separately and rather enjoyed those experiences , and eating poutine is a bit like doing all that at once .
If I have one thing to say on the subject , it ’s that while the whole of Canada seems to think poutine the anytime treat ( seriously , it ’s everywhere – even places that do n’t serve fries as side dishes have it ) , for me , it ’s a bit iffy .
While I have consumed the aforementioned chili dish at several points in my lifetime , I tend to do so only after a very long night drinking and usually only because greasy / cheesy / noodley seems to taste better when you ’re coming down from a steady drunk .
My reaction to what was purportedly a perfectly prepared pile of poutine might have been improved had I come stumbling out of a bar and into Smoke’s .
At that moment , I could probably see what has been snidely called “ Canadian nachos ” in the light they truly deserve .
Something to attempt next time , I think .
PS : At the time of this publication , She - Who - Grins ’ monograph “ The Mythoculinary Customs of the North American Blogasaur : An Ethnographic Study ” will be available in bookstores shortly .
Her cross-country lecture circuit is scheduled to begin in the fall and conclude sometime next year .
16 Largest Oil Spills in History
Oil Spill is one of the most dangerous man-made disasters which leave its stains on the environment for a very long time .
The recent Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico , which started in April this year and is continued till date splitting millions of gallons per day , is a live example .
One of the biggest in US history which shook the world ’s environment .
Spill may take few more months or even a year to clean up but according to researchers it will definitely be tampering the biological cycle of living species around the world for more than a decade .
As being predicted the oil will penetrate up to the structure of many birds affecting there insulating ability hence making it difficult for them to survive the varying temperatures .
Not only birds but oil spill will affect the humans too .
While following up the recent oil spill and its hazardous affect on our environment we dug up few more major oil spills in the world history , which are as follows :
Gulf War oil Spill – ( January 23 , 1991 ) – One of the biggest oil spill of all times , caused due to the 1990 war of Iraq and Kuwait .
Which lead to the spilling of around 462 million gallons of oil resulting in a 13 inch thick layer of slick ( Oil and impurities mixture on the top of water surface ) .
It happened because of the Iraqi invasion over Kuwait .
In this the Iraqi Forces released a large amount of oil into the Persian Gulf in order to stop the US marines from attacking .
The oil spill happened on January 23rd1991 , and caused ferocious damage to the wildlife of Persian Gulf .
It has been estimated that it will take few more decades for the wildlife there to normalize which is still under its repercussions .
Lakeview Gusher Oil Spill – ( March14 , 1910 ) - Popularly known as The Lakeview Gusher Number One and is also regarded as the largest recorded U.S oil well Gusher , Which is located half mile to the east of The Taft Maricopa Highway , midway Sunset oil field in Kern County , California .
The Gusher was a result of insufficient and less advanced technology that was being used for the oil drilling .
The Spill began on March 14 and it took 18 months and loss of 348 million gallons of crude oil releasing approximately 18,800 barrels of oil per day , before the Gusher came under control .
Ixtoc I oil Spill – ( June 3 , 1979 ) – Ixtoc I which was an exploratory oil well in the bay of Campeche in the Gulf of Mexico .
On 3rd june1979 the major blowout was caused in the well which resulted in the third largest oil spill and second largest accidental spill in the history .
In the initial stage of the spill around 30,000 barrels of oil per day was spilled which was continued till 23rd march 1980 .
a large amount of oil till that time was carried towards the Texas and neighboring coastlines by the sea currents , which hampered around 261 km of the beach and 1421 birds .
A whopping amount of $ 100 million was spent by Pemex The oil Company to clean up the mess .
Atlantic Empress Oil Spill – ( July 19 , 1979 ) – An oil Tanker Named the Atlantic Empress was involved in two large oil spills .
Which account for the third largest oil spill and the largest ship based spill .
Started on 19th July1979 , due to a sudden outbreak of tropical rainstorm which lead to a collision between The Atlantic and Aegean Captain another oil tanker sailing in the sea which resulted in Spilling of around 276,000 tones of Crude oil .
Fergana Valley Oil Spill – ( March 2 , 1992 ) – Another major oil Spill disaster in the Fergana Valley , Uzbekistan .
A total loss of 88 million gallons of oil was calculated due to the spill .
Nowruz Oil Spill – ( February 4 , 1983 ) – The Nowruz Oil Field spill , occurred in the Persian gulf , Iran .
The oil spill was the result of an attack by the Iran which also caused a fire in the spill .
The ongoing Iran - Iraq war prevented the early actions of capping the well which lead to a prolonged oil spill fire till September 18 1983 , leading to the death of 11 people and spill of 100,000 tones .
ABT Summer Oil Spill – ( May 28th 1991 ) – a sudden outburst of oil causing 260,000 tonnes of oil spill in the Angola area .
Castillo De Bellver Oil Spill – ( August 6th , 1983 ) – Caused due to poor Machinery at the Saldanha Bay in South Africa , because of which around 252,000 tones of the crude oil was wasted in the sea .
Amoco Cadiz – ( March 16 , 1978 ) – The Amoco Cadiz a Very Large Crude Carrier that split into two parts due to collision with Portsall Rocks , 5 Kilometres off the coast of Brittany .
This caused the world ’s fifth largest spill .
A total damage of around $ 250 million was estimated .
M/T Haven – ( April 11 , 1991 ) – A Troodos Shipping Companies VLCC ( Very Large Crude Carrier ) who exploded with 1 million barrels of crude oil , and sank in the coast of Genoa , Italy .
Mediterranean was flooded with a huge amount of crude oil leaving the coast of Italy and France polluted for 12 years .
Odyssey – ( November 10 , 1988 ) – Another oil tanker which met with an accident in Canada causing a spill of 132,000 tones of crude into the sea .
Disturbing the whole wild life in Nova Scotia , Canada for the coming few decades .
Sea Star – ( December 19 , 1972 ) – A South Korean tanker which spilled around 115,000 tones of crude into the Gulf of Oman on collision with another VLCC Tanker named Horta Barbosa of Brazil .
Both the vessels caught fire , followed by massive explosion and sank in the chest of the deep gulf 5 days later , on December 24th .
Irenes Serenade – ( February 23 , 1980 ) – An oil tanker that spilled 100,000 tones of crude oil near Greece .
Urquiola -( May 12 , 1976 ) - A major accident that happened in Spain lead to the explosion in the oil tanker causing a huge spill of 100,000 tonnes of crude along the small coast of A Coruna .
Torrey Canyon – ( March 18 , 1967 ) – Torrey Canyon a supertanker which was shipwrecked off the western coast of Cornwall , England causing an environmental disaster , leading to a spill of 80,000 tonnes of crude oil .
Deepwater Horizon – ( April 20 , 2010 ) – Also Known as the BP Oil Spill , which is still continued for the 45th day , along the Gulf of Mexico .
Caused due to the Machinery failure and an immense leakage of crude in the gulf from the Oil Rig .
It is now considered as the largest offshore spill in U.S history , spilling around 16,000,000 liters of crude per day .
Destroying the flora and fauna of the majority coastal regions around the globe .
June 6 , 2010  -- Adm . Thad Allen says that 10,000 barrels of oil were collected Saturday using the newly installed containment cap on the gushing oil well in the Gulf and that number is expect to increase in the coming days .
The National Incident Commander told " This Week " anchor Jake Tapper that he expects the majority of the leaking oil can be contained " if the system is operating properly .
" We 're not going to know how much oil is coming out until we 're able to optimize the production , and that 's what they 're doing right now , " Adm .
Allen said .
" They are slowly raising production .
It was 6,000 a day before , and it was 10,000 yesterday . "
Allen explained that despite the unprecedented clean - up efforts massive amounts of oil are still reaching the coast because " this spill is just aggregated over a 200 - mile radius around the wellbore , where it 's leaking right now , and it 's not a monolithic spill .
It is literally hundreds and thousands of smaller spills . "
The size of the spills , he said , " could be anywhere from 20 to 100 yards to several miles in length . "
" What we 're going to have to do is not only be prepared to deal with the oil onshore , we are going to have to push it out to 50 miles offshore and basically have skimming capability that runs from southern Louisiana to Port St. Jill , Fla. , and we are in the process of putting those things in place right now , " Allen said .
" And this is a war , it 's an insidious war , because it 's attacking , you know , four states one at a time , and it comes from different directions depending on the weather . "
Allen said scientists are studying whether giant plumes or columns of oil are forming in the Gulf , and researchers are developing a massive model to better understand what is happening below the surface .
Sens. Cornyn and Kerry Offer Opposing Views on White House BP Response
Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn said " BP 's response has been lousy , " but he was also critical of President Obama 's leadership in managing the incident .
" I think , really , we need the president to step up and assert himself and to say , let 's cut through the red tape , let 's cut through the chain of command and let 's get assets where they need to be , " Cornyn said on " This Week . "
Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , also appearing on " This Week , " defended the Obama administration , saying , " they are holding BP 's feet to the fire . "
Kerry pointed fingers at the Bush administration for lax oversight of the oil industry .
" Frankly , we had eight years , as many of us remember , of secret oil industry meetings where they wrote the oil laws , where there was an incestuous relationship with the MMS , and everybody understands this relationship has to change , " Kerry said .
The oil spill has put the spotlight on a Kerry 's energy and climate bill .
Sen .
Cornyn would n't back the measure , but he said he does support some aspects of the bill .
" I think rather than try to hit a grand slam home run , I 'd like to work with Sen .
Kerry and others to try to do , you know , hit some singles and develop nuclear power , battery technology that will help us deal with our environmental concern , " Cornyn said .
Tapper also asked Adm .
Allen about government workers and BP contractors working on the spill who were told not to speak to reporters .
Allen said he has issued a directive that " the media will have uninhibited access anywhere we 're doing operations , except for two things , if it 's a security or safety problem .
That is my policy .
I'm the national incident commander . "
The admiral pledged to get the word out to workers that they can speak publicly about their efforts .
Police say that a driver targeting cyclists injured four people in the Mission and Potrero districts on Wednesday night .
A male driver allegedly went after cyclists in four different locations in San Francisco : " in the 2700 block of Harrison Street , the 2800 block of 24th Street , at the intersection of 23rd and Pennsylvania streets , and at 17th and Missouri street . "
San Francisco police Lt. Lyn Tomioka told KTVU , " There were four victims and all were believed to be on bicycles . "
Three of the victims were taken to the hospital to be treated for injuries .
All victims are expected to survive .
At the end of his rampage , according to ABC 7 , " [ w ] itnesses say the suspect driver was headed westbound on 17th Street when he veered off and slammed into a parked SUV .
He then backed up and struck a cyclist , then got out of his car and walked away . "
He is still at large .
Here 's another photo , snapped by Troy Holden , from the scene of the crime .
News report below .
Ahmed knocks .
What will he need today ?
“ Mister , can you give me 5 pounds for a shirt ? ”
“ Mister , 20 pounds for the hospital . ”
“ Mister , OK , OK , 3 pounds , only 3 pounds for bread . ”
Every day is a knock and a dance with Ahmed ’s desperation .
When the door opens he slips into the kitchen and sits , waiting for the supper he knows you ’ve wrapped in a bag , plying his charms .
He ’ll try a trick or a joke , but sometimes he ’s tired and does n’t say much .
He sells baskets in the street .
He sleeps under a cart or behind the gates of an abandoned villa in a garden grown ragged and wild .
He is one of the lost boys hustling and hoping in this Cairo neighborhood of magnolia and jacaranda ; of diplomats , oil men and rich Egyptians .
They collect garbage , wash cars , water lawns , haul bricks ; they ca n’t be gathered , this army of children , but you hear them at the edges , praying , laughing , fighting .
They have killer smiles , bright flashes that will carry them into manhood and disappear .
Ahmed borrows a phone and calls his mother .
She and his brother and two sisters live hours away in Fayoum with his father .
How is everyone ?
How is my sister ?
I miss you .
He sees them once a month or whenever his father delivers new baskets and minds the cart so his son can go home and swim in the lake .
Ahmed does n’t know how old he is .
All he knows for sure is that he ’s been selling baskets for years .
He is proud his brother and older sister are doing well in school .
He works so they can learn .
He has knocked nearly every night for more than two years .
He likes tuna and mango juice and a sugar cube in his yogurt .
When he does n’t knock , you wonder , you worry .
He came in one evening sobbing .
Someone had stolen a few of his baskets and his father beat him .
Another night , word came from Fayoum that his grandmother was dying .
Ahmed , a boy being hammered too early into a man , wanted to help but could n’t , so he sat miles away , alone , beneath the stars .
He ’s noticing girls these days .
He brushes dust from his clothes , scrubs his face beneath the street sweeper ’s spigot , but what can a boy who sleeps on a bed of cardboard offer ?
The girls are so pretty , the way they move .
Their shoes cost more than he will earn in a month .
Ahmed , though , is a born businessman , flagging SUVs and Mercedes - Benzes , waiting for electric windows to roll down , smiling and holding up a basket , saying , “ A good price for you , madam . ”
The bargaining begins and if madam or mister get out of the car , Ahmed will have a sale and something to show his father .
He loves to please the old man , to hand him a small fistful of money , to say I have done well in this place you have sent me .
His cart is draped in baskets , blooming like wheat - colored flowers in the sun .
He sits in a crooked chair in the shade .
His bike is broken , his soccer ball scarred and ripped .
It ’s hard to keep things nice when you have no place to put them , and Ahmed has learned that good tidings come and just as quickly slip away .
The only permanence in his life is his cart and his mother ’s voice , saying , yes , my son , your sister is fine , your brother , too , only a few more weeks , the chickens have laid new eggs , the honey is jarred .
The porters and security guards know Ahmed , the street sweepers too .
They sit with him and chat .
They tease and teach him life ’s hard lessons .
The other day there was talk of three dead babies left in a pile of trash .
The porters and the groundskeepers told him to stay quiet , to say nothing .
They are his school , he is their youth .
It ’s a fair trade .
The bonds are tight .
But boys are restless .
Ahmed knocks .
“ Mister , football ? ”
Into the car and down the street to the international school .
High walls , sprinklers and green fields .
Ahmed steps through the gate .
The guards , all Egyptian , know he does n’t belong here , he has no ID , but they let him pass , perhaps wanting him to play , if only for a while , in another world .
Ahmed sees children his age , carrying book bags , rushing off to music lessons , hurrying toward the pool .
He looks at his worn clothes , pushes his shoulders back .
He swallows .
Boys are kicking a ball on the small pitch .
They wear matching shirts and shorts ; they have cleats .
Ahmed is timid , but a boy who has practiced soccer for so long , dodging traffic in narrow streets , will not forsake a chance on wide , fresh grass .
He jogs toward them .
Children do n’t need language .
The ball rolls .
It comes to Ahmed .
He dribbles close to his feet ; he cuts one way , then another , the ball as if on a string .
The cleated boys chase , but the boy in ripped sandals and dirty feet is swifter .
He cocks his leg .
The ball takes flight and slaps the net , a poor kid scores on the field of the rich .
He is beautiful .
Ahmed runs with his hands in the air , his smile as big as if he has sold a cartful of baskets , a smile you wish would never disappear .
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
Former prime minister Kevin Rudd 's nephew says he now has more reasons for fighting Julia Gillard in her seat at the next election .
Van Rudd is running for the Revolutionary Socialist Party in the new Prime Minister 's Melbourne seat of Lalor .
Ms Gillard became Labor leader yesterday after former prime minister Kevin Rudd was ousted in a Labor leadership coup .
Van Rudd says the ascension of Ms Gillard marks a more conservative path for Labor because it was the NSW right faction that pushed for the leadership change .
" We feel that we need to make a stand against the policies of the Labor Government , " he said .
" Julia Gillard is a member of the Labor Party , so we chose the seat of Lalor because it 's quite close to where we live and it also represents to us an increase in migrants and asylum seekers , refugees who move to Australia .
" Julia Gillard has been influenced a lot and has been in the trajectory of right - wing politics .
" She 's been influenced by the mining magnates , the conservative unions , so what it says to me is we have to stand up and fight against this . "
update 2020 - not just evictions but also overdose deaths .
Between 2010 and 2017 there were 1,551 drug overdose deaths in San Francisco between 2010 - 2017 .
424 of them were in SRO hotels , which is 19 times higher than non SRO residents .
Drug overdose mortality among residents of single room occupancybuildings in San Francisco , California , 2010 –2017
Both Housing First and Harm Reduction is official policy of Tenderloin Housing Clinic " We use the Housing First and Harm Reduction models to " Get and Keep People Housed " .
These eviction filings are all Tenderloin Housing Clinic , a non profit that is exclusively Housing First supportive housing for the chronically homeless in San Francisco
also , another example .
This is a screen shot from the SF superior court .
Just one section has 75 pages of 10 each page of evictions 2004 - 2019 , Tenderloin Housing Clinic houses 1500 people so that 's half their clients evicted .
Of those , nobody knows how many were pre-existing tenants
These records tell a very different story than what advocates have been telling the public for the last 15 years .
It is also becoming clear that over the course of 15 years , Tenderloin Housing Clinic has evicted more people than they house
more evictions can be found here and here and here
One of the main problems with statistics the government officials keep repeating is that Housing First has an occupancy rate of 94 % .
What they do n't mention is that this percentage is for a single point in time .
Any landlord can fill a building to 94 % for a single point in time , but if one looks at extended time periods , the story becomes very different ( it is actually closer to 30 % over 2 years - see NIH article below )
Many of the causes of this can be attributed to out of control drug abuse and sales in and around the buildings including getting new people addicted and making even more people homeless
further reading here and here and a good article critical of Housing First and a NiH article Housing First and the Risk of Failure
The National Institute of Health is a good resource that confirms much of this with articles such as this one which contains this choice quote
Of the people in supportive housing in San Francisco , 93 % have a major mental illness that we can name .
That is very , very high .
80 % use cocaine , speed , or heroin every thirty days , or get drunk to the point of unconsciousness .
Tenderloin Housing Clinic specializes in this type of ' master lease ' SRO which is described as being worse and more traumatic in this NIH research , as opposed to newly built supportive housing
More related issues surrounding this type of ' master leasing ' of SRO 's can be found in two separate San Francisco Civil Grand Jury reports , one on homelessness and one on non profits , both being still valid after 10 years since none of the recommendations were ever addressed .
Two recent lawsuits are also related , one in state court and one in federal court .
Both of these lawsuits level various charges related to fraudulent misrepresentation of ' housing first ' and ' master leasing '
SROs including failing to report evictions for a city mandated eviction database , constructive evictions , drug trafficking , criminal conduct by employees , etc
Continue reading »
Motorola Droid
X now available for pre-order from Best Buy
You can now pre-order your Droid X from Best Buy .
Also , you wo n’t need to wait for your rebate , Best Buy will offer an instant rebate , so you get the phone for $ 200 rather than waiting for Verizon ’s mail - in rebate .
Hurry and pre-order yours so you are n’t waiting in line like a lot of people did for the EVO .
Best Buy and Best Buy Mobile have truly become the leading destination this summer for all your mobile smartphone needs – from HTC EVO 4G from Sprint to the iPhone 4 on AT&T to the upcoming DROID X on Verizon .
Enthusiasts of the Android platform can be the first to reserve a copy of the new Verizon DROID X by Motorola today at Best Buy .
The pre-sale begins June 25 and the smartphone will land in stores on July 15 .
“ With the buzz we ’ve seen around the Android platform , Best Buy is confident that consumers will be thrilled about the Verizon DROID X by Motorola pre-sale , ” said Scott Anderson , senior director of merchandising at Best Buy Mobile .
“ It has been a great summer for smartphones with the HTC EVO and iPhone 4 launches , and the addition of the DROID X adds another strong option for our customers to consider . ”
The Verizon DROID X by Motorola features Google ’s Android 2.1 operating system , 4.3 - inch screen and 720P HD video recording and playback .
Android 2.2 will arrive to customers on the DROID X later this summer .
The DROID X is available at Best Buy for $ 199.99 with 2 - year activation , with no mail - in rebate hassle .
France 1 - 1 Ireland AET : ' Hand Of Henry ' Gifts Les Bleus World Cup Place
It was ' the Hand of Henry ' that put the French through to the World Cup ...
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The crucifixion is apparently under review .
In his doctoral thesis , newly graduated Swedish theologian Gunnar Samuelsson argues that the cross Jesus supposedly died on may not actually have been a cross .
He explains in an interview with DRadio Wissen , a German station : " the New Testament said that Jesus died some way on something called a staurus ... that 's a Greek name for a cross or a pole or something ...
I call it an execution device only to be [ distinguished ] from the common notion that it must be a cross , because it must n't be a cross -- it could be a pole , for instance , or a tree trunk , or something else . "
Samuelsson did some serious research before advancing this provocative argument : " I spent almost three years , " he says , " reading all the ancient texts I could find ... from about Homer until the first century of the Common Era . "
He says " some kind of suspension of a living or a dead person or a part of a person " was indeed common at the time , but crucifixion is not mentioned .
In the Bible itself , all it says is that Jesus carried and then was executed on a staurus --" there is no other description beyond that . "
Fans of the humorist David Sedaris may be pleased .
The Wire can't help but notice the new light this research sheds on a scene described in Me Talk Pretty One Day , in which non-native French speakers attempt to explain Easter to a Muslim :
The Poles led the charge to the best of their ability .
" It is , " said one , " a party for the little boy of God who call his self Jesus ... oh shit . "
She faltered and her fellow country - man came to her aid .
" He call his self Jesus and then he be die one day on two ... morsels of ... lumber . "
The rest of the class jumped in , offering bits of information that would have given the pope an aneurysm .
" He die one day and then he go above of my head to live with your father . "
" He weared of himself the long hair and after he die , the first day he come back here for to say hello to the peoples . "
" He nice , the Jesus . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Matthew Simmons is on Bloomberg , living up to his moniker as the " Dr. Doom " of the oil spill .
He confidently predicts that the relief well will fail ( due to structural problems with the pipe ) and that unless we 're content with having 100K + barrels spill each day , then we have no choice to nuke the well .
Beyond that , he suspects that a giant undersea oil lake may already be covering 40 % of the Gulf .
Update :
And he just said he 's embarrassed by his old firm , Simmons & Co , for upgrading shares of BP , which he think will go to 0 .
Click here to see these amazing pictures of the rig explosion >
Own it on Blu–ray ™ & DVD December 14th
Also on Digital Download
Enter Site
After completing two days of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee that was alert , thoughtful , and punctuated with flashes of wit , Elena Kagan now seems almost certain to become the nation ’s 112th justice on the Supreme Court .
But one minor slip — on a question about , of all things , fruits and vegetables — has given Republicans at least one chance to benefit politically from the hearings .
As she demonstrated in the two days of testimony that ended Wednesday , Kagan is a gifted scholar , a savvy politician , and a talented administrator , who spent hours preparing for this week ’s appearances before the committee .
But perhaps no amount of cramming could have readied her for the question asked of her by Republican Sen .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma :
Can the government , he wondered , pass a law forcing Americans to eat fruits and vegetables ?
To Kagan , at first blush , the question must have seemed absurd , maybe even a joke .
“ It sounds like a dumb law , ” she replied off the cuff .
Then , realizing Coburn was serious , she segued into sort of the windy , contextual , cautious analysis that she has employed to answer most of the questions asked of her over the last two days .
Advertisement
But she had fallen into Coburn ’s trap by answering more like the law professor she is than by simply responding like most people would .
She never just said : “ Of course it can ’t . ”
Within hours , a video detailing the exchange was atop the Drudge Report website , hundreds of thousands had viewed it on YouTube , and conservatives were having a field day .
Her equivocation fit ideally with the narrative Republicans are trying to fashion during these hearings — a story of a federal government out of control and a Congress running amok .
For Kagan , it was a rare misstep in what proved to be an uneventful two days of testimony .
The confirmation hearing for President Obama ’s choice to replace the retired John Paul Stevens will continue Thursday with other witnesses , both supportive and critical .
Even top Republicans conceded that her confirmation appeared likely .
But to a large extent , the GOP ’s goal has always been about using the hearings to help set the political stage for the midterm elections in November .
Advertisement
Republicans tried to tether Kagan to the policies of the Obama administration .
“ When we look at Elena Kagan ’s resume , what we find is a woman who has spent much of her adult life working to advance the goals of the Democratic Party , ” Sen . Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , the Senate minority leader , said on the floor Monday .
Republicans on the committee asked questions designed to strike chords with voters in the coming congressional elections , to better outline an “ us-versus - them ” argument against Democratic contenders .
Coburn ’s seemingly innocuous inquiry was the perfect example :
The fruits and vegetables served as a metaphor for the requirement , enacted as part of the healthcare overhaul passed by Congress earlier this year , that all Americans purchase health insurance .
Coburn was essentially asking Kagan whether there was any limit to the reach of congressional power .
In his view , Kagan was saying that members of Congress “ have the right to tell us anything we want — anything the federal government tells you to do , you ’re going to do , ” Coburn said Wednesday .
Advertisement
Beyond that exchange , however , Kagan worked studiously to avoid handing the GOP red meat .
On Wednesday , she refused , for example , to state her position on the so - called partial - birth abortion procedure advocated in the 1990s by the Clinton administration , even though she worked as an advisor to President Clinton .
“ I had no agenda when it came to this issue , ” she told Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) .
Graham appeared incredulous .
“ I certainly have an agenda when it comes to abortion , ” he said .
“ You can be pro-choice and be just as patriotic as I am .
You can be just as religious as anybody I know . ”
Throughout the hearings , Kagan maintained that conservative outcomes in cases involving gun rights and campaign finance are “ settled law . ”
Advertisement
Republicans were skeptical .
One reason was Kagan ’s surprising honesty about her politics .
Unlike Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who testified before the committee last year , she freely admitted to a partisan affiliation .
“ I ’ve been a Democrat all my life , ” she said .
She also , after some hesitancy , conceded that she was a “ progressive , ” although the term went undefined .
“ The Republicans have made progress in painting her as a liberal on some core issues for conservatives like abortion , ” said Thomas Goldstein , a Supreme Court analyst who attended the hearing .
Still , GOP senators such as John Cornyn of Texas said that her beliefs would not doom her nomination unless she indicated that she would not be able to set them aside as a justice .
And there was some sense Wednesday that Republicans worried they had gone too far earlier in the week in criticizing Kagan ’s mentor , the storied African American Justice Thurgood Marshall .
“ Justice Marshall will go down in history as one of the icons of the law and one of the greatest justices in the history of the country , even though I disagreed with a lot of his rulings , ” Graham said .
“ That ’s the way it should be .
And if our people say that ’s activism , so be it . ”
Advertisement
In a sense , both sides prevailed upon Kagan to be the very thing that both sides say they decry : a nominee with preformed views about the law .
Republicans such as Coburn were dismayed because Kagan would not commit to curtailing the power of Congress where appropriate .
Democrats frequently pushed Kagan to criticize the current court , lead by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , suggesting it has a pro-business stance .
“ I want to make it clear that I ’m not agreeing to your characterizations of the current court , ” she told Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island .
“ I think that that would be inappropriate for me to do . ”
When pressed by Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) for her views on the right of certain parties to sue in court , she pushed back hard , to the point that Specter floated the possibility of voting against her confirmation .
Advertisement
“ You should n’t want a judge who will sit at this table and who will tell you that she will reverse a decision without listening to arguments and without reading briefs and without talking to colleagues , ” Kagan admonished .
She also exhibited a comprehensive body of knowledge about constitutional law , which gave the proceedings a more academic air than those of Sotomayor ’s a year ago .
By the second day of hearings , Republicans were no longer questioning her lack of experience on the bench .
“ She has been , in my view , a witness who has manifested a deep knowledge of the law , ” Assistant Minority Leader Jon Kyl of Arizona said .
A final Senate vote on Kagan ’s confirmation is expected by early August .
Advertisement
joliphant@latimes.com
BRUSSELS , June 16 , 2010 / PRNewswire / --
The European Federation of Public Service Unions ( EPSU ) says the austerity packages imposed by many countries around Europe will have a serious impact on the prospects for economic recovery .
EPSU sends this message to the European Council meeting on 17 June .
Carola Fischbach - Pyttel , EPSU General Secretary says : " As governments swing the austerity axe they risk chopping off any green shoots of recovery , leaving workers , pensioners and communities to face the prospect of an even longer recession .
We demand plans focused on investment in public services and infrastructure , on green growth and job creation and on addressing poverty and inequality . "
EPSU represents 250 European unions which organize nurses , tax - collectors , labour inspectors , port control authorities , custom officers , teachers , civil servants , fire - fighters , police , elderly and childcare workers , cleaners , librarians , utility workers , prison guards , ambulance drivers and many other public service workers .
Most workers are on low - or middle incomes and now see their purchasing power reduced by pay freezes and pay cuts ( see overview ) .
Governments are cutting or freezing public service jobs .
EPSU estimates that employment will be reduced by some 200,000 jobs in 2 - 3 years time .
First estimates show cuts in public spending to be more than 200 billion euros - more than the combined annual public expenditure of Hungary , Romania and Portugal .
EPSU underlines the cuts will : - Create more stress for the remaining overworked staff in hospitals , schools , prisons elderly homes and regulatory agencies .
- Reduce the quality of public services - less care for the sick ; less support for the poor and vulnerable .
- Undermine enforcement of laws and regulations , so letting off the hook polluting corporations and employers that violate health and safety and other labour laws or evade taxes .
-
Have a knock - on effect on non-EU countries that see their export markets affected , and on developing countries as aid budgets are reduced .
EPSU , with over 8 million members , is building for the European Trade Union Confederation ( ETUC ) day of action on 29 September .
Tens of thousands of people will march in Brussels to show their anger over the coordinated European cuts strategy that is hitting working men and women but leaving the wealthy , speculators and large corporations untouched .
EPSU is the European Federation of Public Service Unions .
It is the largest federation of the ETUC and comprises 8 million public service workers from over 250 trade unions ; EPSU organises workers in the energy , water and waste sectors , health and social services and local and national administration , in all European countries including in the EU 's Eastern Neighborhood .
EPSU is the recognized regional organization of Public Services International ( PSI )
Detailed briefings at : http://www.epsu.org/a/6599
Media contact Jan Willem Goudriaan +32-2-2501080 [ email protected ]
SOURCE European Federation of Public Service Unions ( EPSU )
If you are what you eat , then I should weigh - in at under $ 1 a pound .
That 's because , as a general rule of thumb , I try to only buy foodstuff that costs under a buck per pound .
Under $ 1 a pound , year - round — that 's my grocery shopping mantra .
It 's not just because I 'm a world - class penny - pincher and smart shopper ; believe it or not , it 's also about eating healthier .
When you look at the USDA " food pyramid , " many of the things we should be eating the most of — grains , legumes , fruits and vegetables — happen to cost the least .
It 's often the stuff that 's bad for us ( at least in large quantities ) — red meat , fatty dairy products , and processed foods high in trans fats — that cost the most , on a per pound basis .
( See also : Tips and Tricks to Eat Healthy on a Budget )
To prove my point , I 've put together this list of 50 healthy foods that I 've purchased at least once in the last six months for under $ 1 a pound .
First , a few disclaimers about my list - o- fifty :
NO , I do n't live on another planet or in a part of the country where the cost of living is deflated .
In fact , I live and shop in the Washington , DC metro area , which has one of the highest costs of living ( and groceries ) in the country .
NO , I 'm not saying that all of these items are available in every store , at all times .
But if you shop carefully , you can always find at least some variety of these foods around which to plan your meals .
Many of the items on the list ( e.g. most root vegetables , bananas , beans , etc. ) can usually be purchased for under $ 1 pound even when not on sale or in - season .
Other items on the list were " store specials , " and typically would cost more than $ 1 a pound , and / or they were in - season so cost less .
NO , none of the items on my under $ 1 a pound list are organically grown .
The pros/cons of that debate aside , for most people with a limited budget , the choice is n't whether or not to buy expensive organic , it 's whether or not to eat highly processed crap like fast food or eat inexpensive healthy foods like those on my list .
NO , I 'm not saying that by eating only these foods you 'll have a complete , healthy diet .
But they certainly can be the backbone around which to plan healthy , inexpensive menus for your family .
NO , I do n't burn up a lot of time and gas by running around to a lot of different grocery stores , and I rarely use coupons .
I shop only once every week or two , and I usually shop at only one or two stores .
I plan my meals around the - best - of - the - best weekly store specials ( aka the " loss - leaders " ) , the sale items that are usually on the front page of the weekly circular most stores publish .
If you 're not a creative cook like me , try a website like Delish or Epicurious , where you can enter the ingredients you have to work with and get all kinds of recipes .
So rev-up your shopping cart , but be careful : There 's a Green Cheapskate loose on aisle five !
Apples -
One a day keeps the cheapskate away .
Asparagus - HUGE store special at 99 cents a pound during Easter week .
I bought 10 pounds , blanched it and then froze it .
Bananas - Potassium for pennies .
Barley - A tasty alternative to rice and potatoes .
Beans - ( canned or dried )
Kidney , pinto , navy , black , red , and many more .
Bok Choy - Steam and serve with a little soy sauce .
Broccoli - Yes , a store special .
Usually closer to $ 2 per pound .
Bulgar Wheat -
Try it in pilaf or a tabouleh salad .
Cabbage - Green and red — I like mine fried .
Cantaloupe -
No , sorry , I can't ; I 'm already married .
Carrots - Raw or steamed ; rich in carotenes , a healthy antioxidant .
Celery -
Stir fry it for a change .
Chicken -
Whole or various parts , on sale .
Chickpeas - AKA garbanzo beans — mash 'em up as a healthy sandwich spread .
Cornmeal - " Polenta " is all the rage these days , but I loved it 40 years ago when Mom called it " cornmeal mush . "
Cucumbers -
Try peeling , seeding , and steaming with a little butter and salt .
Daikon Radish -
My new favorite raw veggie .
Eggs -
Do n't overdo them , but eggs provide high quality protein and still cost about $ 1 per pound .
( Plus , there are many eggscellent things you can do with the shells . )
Green Beans - Frozen , but fresh are sometimes on sale for under $ 1 a pound in - season .
Greens - Kale , mustard , turnip , and collard greens are rich in vitamins and a good source of fiber .
Here 's how I cook 'em .
Grapes -
Store special at .99 a pound .
Grapefruit - Bake with a little brown sugar on top for a healthy dessert .
Lentils - Perhaps the perfect food — healthy , cheap , and versatile ( think soups , salads , sandwich spreads — and those are only some of the " s " possibilities ) .
Liver - Chicken livers usually cost under $ 1 a pound , and sometimes beef and pork liver can be found in the DMZ ( " Dollar Maximum Zone " ) .
Mangoes -
High in fiber and vitamins A , B6 , and C .
Milk -
Yep , on a per- pound basis , milk still costs well under $ 1 a pound .
Napa Cabbage - Delicious steamed or raw in a salad .
Oatmeal -
The good old - fashioned " slow cooking " kind ... that takes all of five minutes .
Onions -
Try baking them whole in a cream sauce .
Oranges - Frequent sale price when in - season .
Pasta -
Store special at .89 a pound — I nearly bought them out !
Peanut Butter - Special sale price , but stock up because it usually has a long shelf life .
Pork -
Inexpensive cuts of pork frequently go on sale for 99 cents per pound or less ; sometimes even ham during the holidays .
Potatoes -
White and red — baked , mashed , boiled , broiled , steamed .
Pumpkin -
Yes , you can eat the same ones you buy as holiday decorations , and they usually cost under 50 cents a pound .
Rice -
White for under $ 1 a pound ; brown , a little more expensive but better for you .
Rutabagas -
Hated them as a kid ; can't get enough of them now .
Sour Cream - 99 cents on sale , but long shelf life , so stock up .
My cucumber awaits .
Spinach - Frozen ( but Popeye does n't care ) .
Split peas -
Add a hambone and make the ultimate comfort soup .
Try it in the crock - pot !
Squash -
Try baking acorn squash with a little brown sugar .
Sweet corn - Canned , or fresh on the cob , in - season .
( Try this recipe for summer corn fritters . )
Tomatoes ( canned ) - Canned are often better than fresh to use in cooking , and occasionally you can find fresh on sale for under a buck , in - season .
Turkey -
A popular bargain priced loss - leader around the holidays — buy an extra bird and freeze it for later .
Turnips -
Make me think of my grandparents , who always grew them .
Watermelon -
Whole , in - season melons can sometime cost less than 20 cents a pound if they 're on sale and you find a big one .
Wine -
Well , at least the stuff I drink — 5 liter box ( approximately 11 pounds ) for about ten bucks , on sale .
( BTW , the beer I drink is even less expensive per pound . )
Yams / Sweet Potatoes -
One of the healthiest foods you can eat , and usually available year round for under $ 1 a pound .
Yogurt - 8 - ounce containers on sale two for $ 1 .
Zucchini - OK , they 're a type of squash ( above ) .
But I love them so much they deserve their own place on the list .
Plus they look great in pantyhose .
Now look at all the money you 've saved !
This post from the Green Cheapskate by Jeff Yeager is republished with the permission of The Daily Green .
Check out more great content from The Daily Green :
South Korea has been working on deploying armed sentry robots along the border with North Korea since at least as far back as 2006 , and it looks like it 's still keeping at it .
While complete details are a bit light , they country apparently put a pair of new sentry robots in place in the Demilitarized Zone last month , which pack both a machine gun and a grenade launcher to ward off intruders .
Those would of course be controlled by humans , but the robots apparently use heat and motion sensors to do all the monitoring on their own , and simply alert a command center if they spots a trespasser .
Of course , they are still just in the testing phase , and the military says it 's waiting to see how things work out before it begins a more widespread deployment .
According to Stars and Stripes , the gun-toting robot in question is a Samsung Techwin SGR - 1 ( now pictured above ) .
If the video after the break is any indication , South Korea certainly seems to have made the right choice .
With a week under its belt , the ModNation Racers community is thriving .
It seems Hot Lap times are being set every second , casual races are packed , and – even though you have to wait quite a while sometimes – XP races have a healthy group striving to max out their levels .
Have+you+downloaded +the+IGN +Kart+yet ?+Search +
But all of that pales in comparison to the thousands of racers known as Mods , karts and tacks that users like you have whipped up .
There are comic book characters , cars from famous TV shows , and so much more .
It seems you can search for the most obscure references – there are already a number of Karl Pilkingtons live – and find something to satiate your appetite .
Rather than set you adrift in this sea of created crazy , we 've decided to start up a semi- regular feature detailing some of the coolest creations you can possibly find on the ModNation Racers servers .
Now , we 're not saying these are perfect Mods and karts , but we are saying that they 're rad and deserve your download .
Still , we can't do this on our own .
When you find something awesome in ModNation Racers , .
We do n't care if you submit your own stuff .
We 'll sort through them and pick the best for the next installment of IGN's ModNation Racers : The Coolest Content .
Until then , stick these in your creation station …
DraxaasYou can't throw a pink lightning bolt in ModNation Racers without hitting a comic book - inspired character , but what makes this Cyclops special is that he looks so good .
The separating lines on his straps and gloves are n't just stickers ; they 're real indentations .
The visor has that reflective look to it and is n't just a red line , and that mouth is perfect .
If Jim Lee 's Cyclops could be ModNation - ized , it would be this Mod .
BalornA lot of people are trying to make the time machine from Back to the Future in ModNation Racers , but without the ability to have vertical doors or those crazy vents , some karts really do n't cut the mustard .
Balorn 's DeLorean , however , captures the feel of Doc Brown 's design .
The paint is the right kind of flat silver , the famous logo looks awesome on the grill , and the meticulously recreated " OUTATIME " California license plate is a beautiful example of fan devotion .
Get this one , sing " Power of Love , " and make some flaming tire tracks .
MykleHYes , we can !
OK , OK – talking politics really is n't the best way to unify large groups of people , but we can all agree on how good MykleH 's Barack Obama looks , right ?
He 's got the big grin , the wrinkles around the eyes and mouth , and a close cropped hairdo that 's showing just a bit of gray thanks to reflection .
If you love the Commander in Chief , download this Mod to race for your country .
If you despise him , download this Mod and ram him into walls .
Bourne_LegacyWhen the evil Shredder attacks , these turtle boys do n't cut him no slack .
Sure , we 're only profiling Leonardo today , but Bourne_Legacy has whipped up all four heroes in a half shell if you 'd rather go pick your favorite .
Using a three - dimensional prop , Bourne_Legacy has managed to give the turtles the traditional , lumpy head we all know and love .
Beyond that , the creator 's dropped in slick shell detail on the front and back , elbow pads , and basically everything else you 'd expect a Ninja Turtle to rock .
Excellent work .
GimmeADWe expected a lot of obscure Mods and karts when ModNation Racers made its way to the public , but we never expected to see a Mod honoring Alan – the creepy , soon to be brother - in - law from the movie The Hangover .
If you missed the 2009 comedy chronicling a trip to Vegas , this Mod pretty much is EXACTLY what Zach Galifianakis ' character looked like – the goofy shirt , the black eye , the man purse .
The level of detail here is crazy , and it 's totally worth your time to download .
BERLIN — Google came under increased pressure in Europe on Tuesday over its collection of private data from unsecured home wireless networks as a German regulator threatened legal action if the company did not surrender a hard drive for inspection .
The German demand underscored the seriousness of the quandary Google now faced after its admission last Friday that it had stored the snippets of Web sites and personal e-mail messages from people around the world while compiling its Street View photo archive .
Johannes Caspar , the data protection supervisor for the city - state of Hamburg , where Google ’s German headquarters are located , said Tuesday that he had given Google until May 26 to hand over one of the hard drives that it had used to collect and store information in Germany , where Street View is not yet available .
Through a spokesman , Google reiterated its offer to destroy the WLAN data in conjunction with regulators , but stopped short of saying it would hand over a hard drive , which would allow regulators to see for the first time what kind of data had been collected .
104.1 The Spot · We Play Anything | New Orleans
Listen Now on iHeartRadio
Fed leaders : Economic recovery slower than expected
By Neil Irwin
Federal Reserve leaders marked down their expectations for growth and inflation last month , concluding that the economic recovery is proceeding more slowly than they had thought in the spring but that the slowdown did not warrant new policy actions .
But Fed leaders did agree to explore options for supporting the economy further in case conditions worsen .
" The changes to the outlook were viewed as relatively modest and as not warranting policy accommodation beyond that already in place , " said minutes of the Fed 's June 22 - 23 policy meeting , released along with revised economic forecasts .
" However , members noted that in addition to continuing to develop and test instruments to exit from the period of unusually accommodative monetary policy , the Committee would need to consider whether further policy might become appropriate if the outlook were to worsen appreciably . "
In forecasts made in advance of the meeting and released Wednesday , the officials expected that gross domestic product will grow 3 to 3.5 percent this year , compared with a forecast of 3.2 to 3.7 percent at their April meeting .
They modestly downgraded their projection for 2011 as well .
That lower growth could translate into unemployment staying higher for longer --
Fed leaders expect the jobless rate to be 9.2 to 9.5 percent in the fourth quarter of 2010 , and to be 8.3 to 8.7 percent at the end of 2011 , both slightly higher than in April forecasts .
But they see little threat from inflation , projecting that prices will rise 1 to 1.1 percent this year , compared with the 1.2 to 1.5 percent rate they forecast in April .
The new outlook is well below the 1.7 to 2 percent inflation rate that the Fed targets over the longer term .
The forecasts are the most explicit confirmation to date that Fed officials have lowered their expectations for growth -- and since their meeting three weeks ago , more weak economic data have been released suggesting a deceleration in the economy , including a reports on June employment conditions , international trade in May and retail sales in June .
Still , the minutes make clear that Fed leaders still anticipate a continued economic recovery , suggesting that most of the policymakers would still resist any push to take new steps to support growth .
Members of the policymaking committee " generally saw the incoming data and information received from business contacts as consistent with a continued , moderate recovery in economic activity , " the minutes said .
The minutes did note that " financial markets had become somewhat less supportive of economic growth , " mainly due to troubles in Europe , and that this was " likely to weigh to some degree on household and business spending over coming quarters . "
But the officials appear to place greater weight on data suggesting strength in the business sector .
They noted that investment in equipment and software was rising rapidly , and that household spending " continued to advance , " even as the weak job market could weigh on consumers .
As The Post reported last week , Fed leaders are starting to discuss policies that they might use to further support growth if the economy continues to weaken , including pledging to keep interest rates low for even longer than now expected , cutting the interest rate on banks ' reserves and buying some additional mortgage securities .
2010 KTM 1190 RC8
2010 KTM 1190 RC8 – Specifications
MSRP : See Dealer
Engine type 2 - cylinder , 4 - stroke , V 75°
Displacement 1148 cc
Bore x stroke 103 x 69 mm ( 4.06 x 2.72 ″ )
Performance ( homologated ) 113.8 kW @ 10000 rpm
Max . torque 120 Nm @ 8000 rpm
Compression ratio 12.5:1
Starter / Battery Electric Starter /12 V 11.2 Ah
Transmission 6 gears , dog clutch engagement
Fuel Mixture Generation Keihin EFI ( throttle body 52 mm ( 2.05 ″ ) )
Control 4 V/DOHC
Lubrication Pressure lubrication with 2 Eaton pumps
Engine lubrication Motorex , fully synthetic , SAE 10W -50
Primary drive 40:76
Final drive 17:37
Cooling Liquid cooled
Clutch
Wet multi-disc clutch , operated hydraulically
Motor Management Keihin EMS
Frame Chromium - Molybdenum trellis frame , powder - coated
Subframe Aluminium 7020
Handlebar Aluminium stump handlebar
Front suspension WP - USD Ø 43 mm
Rear suspension WP - Monoshock
Suspension travel front / rear 120/125 mm ( 4.7/4.9 ″ )
Front brake 2 x Brembo four piston , radially bolted caliper , brake disc 320 mm ( 12.6 ″ )
Rear brake Brembo two piston , fixed caliper , brake disc 220 mm ( 8.66 ″ )
Rims , front / rear Cast aluminium wheels 3.5 x 17 ″ ; 6 x 17 ″
Tires , front / rear 120/70 ZR 17 ; 190/55 ZR 17
Chain X-ring 5/8 x 5/16 ″
Main silencer Stainless steel underfloor silencer with regulated catalytic converter
Steering head angle 66.7°
Trail 90/92 mm ( 3.54 / 3.62 ″ )
Wheel base 1430 mm ( 56.30 ″ )
Ground clearance ( unloaded ) 110 mm ( 4.33 ″ )
Seat height 805/825 mm ( 31.69/32.48 ″ )
Tank capacity approx .
16.5 liters / 3.5 liters reserve ( 4.36/0.92 gal )
Weight ( no fuel ) approx .
184 kg ( 405.6 lbs )
Image caption Muslims consider it un-Islamic to draw pictures of the Prophet Muhammad
A court in Pakistan has ordered the authorities to restore the Facebook social networking site .
The court had ordered the blocking of the site after a petition was filed against a competition featuring caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad .
The petition , filed by a lawyers ' group called the Islamic Lawyers ' Movement , said the contest was " blasphemous " .
Pakistan 's deputy attorney told the court on Monday that Facebook had withdrawn the competition .
The Facebook page in question contained caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad and characters from other religions , including Hinduism and Christianity , as well as comments both critical and supportive of Islam .
On Monday , Justice Ejaz Ahmed Chaudhry of the Lahore High Court reversed his 19 May order to the Pakistani authorities to block the site .
" Restore Facebook .
We do n't want to block access to information , " Justice Chaudhry told the court .
He asked the government to develop a system to find out how countries like Saudi Arabia were blocking access to " blasphemous " content on the internet .
" It is the government 's job to take care of such things , which spark resentment among the people and bring them onto the streets .
" They should take steps to block any blasphemous content on the internet , " Justice Chaudhry said .
Last week , Pakistan restored access to popular video sharing website YouTube only after blocking some pages for " sacrilegious content " .
Correspondents say that the internet is uncensored in Pakistan but the government monitors content by routing all traffic through a central exchange .
In the past , Pakistan has often blocked access to pornographic sites and sites with anti-Islamic content .
It has deemed such material as offensive to the political and security establishment of the country , says the BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad .
In 2007 , the government banned the YouTube site , allegedly to block material offensive to the government of Pervez Musharraf .
The action led to widespread disruption of access to the site for several hours .
The ban was later lifted .
Jouez au Loto en ligne et améliorez vos chances de gagner
Votre accès aux loteries internationales
Nous vous montrerons comment jouer facilement au loto en ligne – pour tous ces gros jackpots , pour les loteries non seulement dans votre propre pays , mais partout dans le monde .
Votre loto national n’a pas de jackpots attractifs ?
Plus de problème , concentrez - vous sur les prix vraiment géniaux .
Ne gaspillez pas votre argent en petits prix – il y a plus de loteries pour vous , avec d’énormes jackpots .
Jetez un coup d’oeil aux bannières sur notre site Web pour voir les plus gros jackpots que vous pouvez jouer en ce moment .
Tous ces grands événements de loterie jackpot sont maintenant facilement accessibles , peu importe où vous vivez .
Cliquez simplement sur l’un des liens ou sur une bannière pour jouer au loto en ligne et inscrivez - vous à RedFoxLotto , où vous pouvez acheter un billet sur Internet pour chacun de ces énormes jackpots !
RedFoxLotto achètera votre billet de manière fiable et s’assurera que vous obtenez vos gains .
Sur notre site Web , vous trouverez des informations détaillées sur les principales loteries jackpot du monde , comment jouer en ligne , comment payer , comment obtenir vos gains , et quoi faire lorsque vous touchez le jackpot .
Jetez un coup d’œil et lisez les articles sur les différentes loteries ( voir le menu du haut ) , et vous pouvez facilement choisir la bonne loterie pour vous .
C’est facile de jouer en ligne avec RedFoxLotto
Que vous souhaitiez jouer au Powerball Jackpot américain , au Jackpot EuroMillions , au El Gordo espagnol , au SuperEnaLotto italien ou à toute autre loterie , vous pouvez acheter tous vos billets au même endroit .
Ou essayez une nouvelle loterie mondiale appelée GG World Lotto – elle a un jackpot minimum garanti de 100 millions de dollars !
Cliquez ici pour consulter le site de RedFoxLotto .
Avec RedFoxLotto , vous n’êtes plus limité à votre loto national .
Vous avez maintenant le choix de jouer à la loterie que vous voulez sur Internet .
De cette façon , vous pouvez choisir le jackpot qui est actuellement le plus élevé , ce qui augmente vos chances de gagner .
Ou choisissez le tirage au sort suivant – vous n’aurez pas à attendre indéfiniment pour savoir si vous avez gagné !
C’est si simple , du choix d’un jackpot de loterie , au choix de vos numéros , en passant par le paiement .
Vous pouvez acheter un billet uniquement pour le prochain tirage ou pour plusieurs semaines .
Service de billetterie en ligne
Voici comment cela fonctionne : RedFoxLotto offre un service de messagerie pour les billets de loterie internationale .
Vous choisissez la loterie que vous voulez jouer en ligne , puis sélectionnez vos numéros en ligne .
Si vous préférez que vos numéros de loterie soient sélectionnés par un générateur de numéros aléatoires , vous pouvez faire de même .
Une fois que vous avez choisi vos numéros , ouvrez un compte chez RedFox Lotto et choisissez un mode de paiement pour votre billet de loterie .
Il existe plusieurs méthodes de paiement sécurisées .
RedFoxLotto achètera alors le billet pour vous et vous enverra un courriel de confirmation comme preuve de votre achat .
Une copie scannée de votre billet de loterie sera affichée dans votre compte peu après votre achat .
Avantages de jouer aux loteries internationales en ligne
Plus de choix – au lieu d’être obligé de jouer à votre loterie locale , peu importe le montant du jackpot actuel , vous pouvez choisir parmi plusieurs loteries .
Un meilleur rapport qualité / prix – par exemple , au lieu de payer 2 € pour un billet qui peut gagner 1 million € , vous pouvez jouer pour un jackpot de 100 millions € ou plus .
Même si vous payez un prix plus élevé par billet pour cette grande loterie , votre argent serait mathématiquement mieux dépensé pour jouer pour la plus grande récompense .
Commodité – plus besoin de quitter la maison pour obtenir un billet .
Vous pouvez acheter votre billet chez vous ou jouer à la loterie avec votre téléphone portable .
Sécurité – un billet de loterie en ligne ne peut pas se perdre comme un billet de loterie physique .
Vos billets de loterie sont stockés en toute sécurité dans votre compte en ligne .
Quand ont lieu les tirages au sort pour toutes ces loteries ?
Regardez l’image ci-dessous .
Il vous donne un aperçu des jours de la semaine pour les tirages au sort des plus grandes loteries du calendrier international .
Et si vous gagnez à l’une des loteries ?
Si vous gagnez , RedFoxLotto vous enverra un email de notification de votre gain .
Vous ne pouvez jamais manquer un prix ou perdre votre billet de loterie .
RedFoxLotto traite votre demande de remboursement en transmettant votre demande de retrait à la société de loterie , qui vous fera alors un chèque .
Si vous gagnez un gros jackpot , dans certains cas , vous devrez peut - être vous présenter en personne au centre de loterie .
Pas de problème , n’est - ce pas ?
Les petits gains jusqu’à 2 500 € seront instantanément crédités sur votre compte RedFox Lotto et vous pouvez soit les encaisser , soit utiliser cet argent pour acheter d’autres billets .
C’est comme ça que ça marche .
Êtes -vous prêt à gagner des millions ?
Visitez RedFoxLotto maintenant et obtenez vos billets dès aujourd ’hui !
Sen . John Cornyn ( R - TX ) believes the pro-Palestinian activists who were killed in a clash with the Israeli military had provoked the confrontation .
ABC ’s Jake Tapper asked Cornyn how the US should react after Israeli commandos killed Furkan Dogan , a dual US and Turkish national who was part of the aid flotilla bound for Gaza .
“ It ’s become clear that Israel killed a US citizen in international waters with this flotilla incident , ” Tapper said .
“ What should the US response be when an ally kills a US citizen ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We do n’t know all the circumstances yet , ” Cornyn replied .
“ But it appears to be a premeditated provocation of Israel and an attempt to run the blockade that ’s existed since Hamas took over Gaza . ”
“ They took over Gaza through elections , we should point out , ” Tapper said .
“ Elections pushed by the Bush administration . ”
“ They are entitled , as matter of their self - defense to look to see if weapons or other items are being smuggled in , ” Cornyn continued .
“ This was pretty clearly a premeditated provocation and it ’s unfortunate that lives were lost . …
If the people organizing this flotilla had been committed to peaceful activity , as opposed to provocation , this would not have occurred and Israel would have been able to examine the contents of the flotilla and they would have been delivered to the people of Gaza who needed help . ”
Cornyn is joining a growing group of US politicians — on both sides of the political aisle — who have come out in defense of Israel ’s killing of nine activists aboard a Gaza - bound aid flotilla last Monday , despite a loud chorus of condemnation from the global community .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) has come out in defense of Israel ’s actions .
“ Israel is one of our strongest and most important allies , and the United States stands firmly with Israel at this critical time , ” Reid said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some lawmakers have gone even further .
California Democratic House Rep. Brad Sherman told reporters Friday that he wants to see US citizens who participated in the flotilla prosecuted under anti-terrorism laws .
“ I will be asking the Attorney General to prosecute any American involved in what was clearly an effort to give items of value to a terrorist organization , Ã¢â‚ ¬ Â  he said .
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast June 6 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
St Petersburg , RussiaStreet is flooding after a heavy rain pour and the girls want to cross it - I 'm so glad chivalry is not dead !
And if that was n't cool enough , the clip also includes a bonus water skier .
Russians never seize to amaze me . :)
President Obama plans to address the nation this week about the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , the worst in U.S. history .
White House adviser David Axelrod told NBC's Meet the Press Sunday that Obama will discuss the disaster after he returns from a visit to the region Monday and Tuesday , reports the Associated Press .
Follow Green House on Twitter
" The president will announce several steps " for handling the spill 's fallout , Alexrod said .
Scientists estimate the Gulf spill has spewed anywhere from 40 million gallons of oil to more than 100 million gallons since the Deepwater Horizon rig , run by energy giant BP , exploded April 20 .
Axelrod said Obama , who meets Wednesday at the White House with BP executives , will demand the company fund an escrow account that a third - party panel will administer to distribute damage claims from individuals and businesses hurt by the Gulf spill , reports POLITICO .
" We want to make sure that that money is independently administered so that [ they ] wo n't be slow - walked on these claims , " Axelrod told NBC .
Asked if a U.S. aid package will be announced , he said : " I think that the assistance is going to come from BP .
They 're responsible for it . "
Readers : Should BP establish a damage fund and allow a third party to pay out the claims ?
In vitro fertilization ( IVF ) resulted in the first ' test tube baby ' in 1978 and now an estimated 1 % of all American babies born each year has happened thanks to in vitro fertilization - wonderful for parents with reproductive issues but IVF and other assisted fertility treatments may be creating one problem by solving another , according to new research from Tel Aviv University .
In a recent study presented last month at the International Meeting for Autism Research in Philadelphia , Dr. Ditza Zachor of Tel Aviv University 's Sackler School of Medicine reported a strong link between IVF and mild to moderate cases of autism .
According to her research at the Autism Center at the Assaf Harofeh Medical Center in Israel , which Zachor directs , 10.5 % of 461 children diagnosed with a disorder on the autism spectrum were conceived using IVF , a significantly higher number than the 3.5 % autism rate in the general Israeli population .
While the study does n't draw any definitive conclusions , it presents some urgent questions , says Zachor .
" It 's too early to make a serious deduction based on that evidence alone , " she says , citing other birth - related factors in her study , such as low birth rate and prematurity .
Zachor 's ongoing research will attempt to separate out these risk factors to come up with more precise numbers for autism and other prenatal conditions in IVF .
The key may be ' imprinting ' , a biochemical procedure during cell division which determines which genes will be selected or " expressed " in the embryo .
Research into epigenetics - changes in gene expression that occur without a change in the DNA sequence - suggest that the malformations may be caused by imprinting abnormalities introduced into the embryo while it's in a test tube environment , says Zachor .
One such disorder linked with IVF appears to be Angelman syndrome However , Zachor does not want to discourage infertile couples from undergoing IVF implantation , which most often results in a healthy child .
Zachor notes that mothers in her study who had IVF tended to be older ― with a median age of 32.6 years .
Also significantly , nearly 4 % of the children with autism were born prematurely and about 5 % of those had a low birth weight .
In the general population , only about 1 % of all newborns are delivered with a low birth weight .
Aware of these risks , health practitioners may be able to intervene and find ways to avoid the problems , the researcher says .
For example , they might recommend that IVF treatments be delayed for a longer period , despite any psychological stress this might cause to would - be parents .
Some researchers believe that unassisted fertilization is a better way to avoid negative health effects .
" Many infertile couples choose this procedure , and they need to know whether there is a risk of autism , " concluded Zachor .
She stresses , however , that most women who undergo fertility treatments should not be scared away from IVF procedures : the majority of children born using IVF do not have autism , and most children who have autism were not conceived using IVF .
This story first appeared at Inter Press Service .
WASHINGTON , Jun 3 , 2010 ( IPS ) – Some CIA officers involved in the agency ’s drone strikes programme in Pakistan and elsewhere are privately expressing their opposition to the programme within the agency , because it is helping al Qaeda and its allies recruit , according to a retired military officer in contact with them .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Some of the CIA operators are concerned that , because of its blowback effect , it is doing more harm than good , ” said Jeffrey Addicott , former legal adviser to U.S. Special Forces and director of the Centre for Terrorism Law at St Mary ’s University in San Antonio , Texas , in an interview with IPS .
Addicott said the CIA operatives he knows have told him the drone strikes are being used effectively by al Qaeda and Taliban leaders to recruit more militants .
CIA officers “ are very upset ” with the drone strike policy , Addicott said .
“ They ’ll do what the boss says , but they view it as a harmful exercise . ”
“ They say we ’re largely killing rank and file Pakistani Taliban , and they are the ones who are agitated by the campaign , ” he added .
Because the drone strikes kill innocent civilians and bystanders along with leaders from far away , they “ infuriate the Muslim male ” , said Addicott , thus making them more willing to join the movement .
The men in Pakistan ’s tribal region “ view Americans as cowards and weasels ” , he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Addicott retired from the U.S. Army as a lieutenant colonel in 2000 after serving for six years as senior legal adviser to the Special Operations Forces but is still a consultant for the U.S. military on issues of terrorism and law .
Addicot said the CIA officers expressing concern about the blowback effects of the drone policy are “ mid - grade and below ” .
They learned about the impact of drone strikes on recruiting by extremist leaders in Pakistan from intelligence gathered by CIA and the National Security Agency , which intercepts electronic communications , according to Addicott .
ADVERTISEMENT
They have informed high - level CIA officials about their concerns that the programme is backfiring , Addicott told IPS .
“ The people at the top are not believers , ” said Addicott , referring to the CIA .
“ They know that the objective is not going to be achieved . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The complaints by CIA operatives about the drone strikes ’ blowback effect reported by Addicott are identical to warnings by military and intelligence officials reported in April 2009 by Jonathan Landay of McClatchy newspapers .
Landay quoted an intelligence official with deep involvement in both Afghanistan and Pakistan as saying al Qaeda and the Taliban had used the strikes in propaganda to “ portray Americans as cowards who are afraid to face their enemies and risk death ” .
The official called the operations “ a major catalyst ” for the jihadi movement in Pakistan .
A military official involved in counterterrorism operations told Landay the drone strikes were a “ recruiting windfall for the Pakistani Taliban ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
The CIA operatives ’ opposition to the drone strikes programme extends to Afghanistan , Yemen , Somalia and Sudan , all of which now have confirmed deaths from drone strikes , according to Addicott .
The official goal of the geographical expansion of drone strikes is to destroy or disrupt al Qaeda .
But al Qaeda is less a major organisation than “ a mentality ” in most Middle Eastern countries , Addicott said , and the CIA officers fear that the strikes will only reinforce that way of thinking .
Addicott said the drone programme has been driven by President Barack Obama , rather than by the CIA .
“ Obama ’s trying to show people that we ’re winning , ” he added .
The programme was originally authorised by President George W. Bush against a relatively short list of high - level al Qaeda officials , and with highly restrictive conditions on approval of each strike .
The strike could not be approved unless the target was identified with high confidence , and a complete assessment of “ collateral damage ” had to ensure against significant civilian casualties .
ADVERTISEMENT
In early 2008 , however , Bush approved the removal of previous restraints .
As recounted by David Sanger in his 2009 book , “ The Inheritance ” , Bush authorised strikes against targets merely based on visual evidence of a “ typical ” al Qaeda motorcade or a group entering a house that had been linked to al Qaeda or its Pakistani Taliban allies .
As a top national security aide to Bush acknowledged to Sanger , the shift was “ risky ” because , “ you can hit the wrong house or mistakenly misidentify the motorcade ” .
It also meant that anyone who could be linked in some way to al Qaeda , the Taliban or “ associated forces ” could now be targeted for drone attacks .
The Obama administration has continued to justify the programme as aimed at high - value targets , suggesting that it can degrade al Qaeda as an organisation by a “ decapitation ” strategy , according to Addicott .
However administration officials now privately admit that the objective of the programme is to “ demoralise the rank and file ” , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
That wo n’t work , according to Addicott , because , “ These are tribal people .
They do n’t view life and death the way we expect them to . ”
In effect , the drone strikes programme has become an “ attrition ” strategy for Pakistan , Addicott said .
Such a strategy in Pakistan ’s tribal region appears to be futile .
Madrassas in the region have churned out tens of thousands of young men with militant views , and their activities are spread across hundreds of sites in the region .
A U.S. military intelligence official told Bill Roggio of The Long War Journal in 2009 that there were 157 training camps and “ more than 400 support locations ” in the tribal northwest .
Within the administration , it appears that the logic behind the programme is that it has to be seen to be doing something about al Qaeda .
“ The argument I get from people associated with the programme , ” said Micah Zenko , a fellow in Conflict Prevention at the Council on Foreign Relations , “ is the same as the one [ CIA Director Leon ] Panetta gave last year . ”
“ Very frankly , ” Panetta declared May 18 , 2009 , “ it ’s the only game in town in terms of confronting or trying to disrupt the al Qaeda leadership . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Zenko , who has studied the bureaucratic in - fighting surrounding such limited uses of military force , told IPS drone strikes have appealed to the Obama administration because they offer “ clear results that are obtained quickly and are easily measured ” .
All the other tools that might be used to try to reduce al Qaeda influence in Pakistan and elsewhere take a long time , require cooperation among multiple actors and have no powerful political constituency behind them , Zenko observed .
Dissent from those who are involved in the programme itself has little effect when it is up against what is perceived as political pressure to show progress against al Qaeda – no matter how illusory .
Gareth Porter is an investigative historian and journalist specialising in U.S. national security policy .
The paperback edition of his latest book , “ Perils of Dominance : Imbalance of Power and the Road to War in Vietnam ” , was published in 2006 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This story first appeared at Inter Press Service .
Read also : BP Disaster Is Cheney ’s Katrina by Rebecca Lefton
Former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s National Energy Policy Task Force concluded in May 2001 that “ advanced , more energy efficient drilling and production methods : reduce emissions ; practically eliminate spills from offshore platforms ; and enhance worker safety , lower risk of blowouts , and provide better protection of groundwater resources . ”
At that time , with two oilmen in the White House and two more Texans leading an emboldened Republican majority in the House of Representatives , Big Oil had an unprecedented opportunity to set U.S. energy policy .
Big Oil did not miss the opportunity .
A deeper look at the energy legislation based on Cheney ’s secret energy task force underscores how the unabashedly pro-oil policies and permissive regulatory environment created during the Bush administration set the stage for Cheney ’s Katrina — the BP oil catastrophe .
Big Oil - backed Republicans move quickly
The House Republican leadership had extensive ties to Big Oil. Former Rep. Dick Armey ( R - TX ) , the majority leader from 1995 to 2003 , received more money from oil and gas interests than he received from any other industry during his nearly two decades in Congress .
The oil industry was also the biggest backer of former Rep. Tom DeLay ( R - TX ) , who represented a Houston - area district and served first as majority whip and then majority leader following Armey ’s retirement .
After Cheney ’s secret energy task force released its National Energy Policy Report in May 2001 , House Republicans almost immediately tried to enact much of it into law .
House Energy and Commerce Chairman Bill Tauzin ( R - LA ) , another favorite of Big Oil who received nearly $ 600,000 in campaign cash from the industry , had a bill on the House floor within two and a half months .
The so - called SAFE
Act revealed exactly what Cheney and his allies meant by a “ decent regard ” for the environment .
Among the many egregious provisions in the 2001 bill ( H.R. 4 ) were :
Taxpayer funds to reimburse oil companies for the costs of complying with the National Environmental Policy Act ( Sec. 6234 )
A suspension of royalties on tens of millions of barrels of oil produced in the Gulf of Mexico — especially from deepwater wells like the one now spewing into the gulf ( Sec. 6202 )
Opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling — with expedited leasing , limited judicial review , and lip service to environmental concerns ( Div. F , Title V )
Cheney ’s congressional allies find a new low
While disagreements with the Democratically controlled Senate prevented final passage of a bill during the 107th Congress from January 2001 to January 2003 , Cheney and his Big Oil - backed allies came back with a vengeance later in 2003 after seizing control of the Senate .
The House , with Tom DeLay now serving as majority leader , quickly passed an even more sweeping bill that fulfilled the pro-oil blueprint crafted by Cheney ’s secret energy task force .
Conference negotiations largely excluded Democrats and added provisions not passed by either chamber .
The conference report that emerged “ included the worst provisions of both bills , ” such as :
An exemption for all oil and gas construction activities , including roads , drill pads , pipeline corridors , refineries , and compressor stations from having to obtain a permit controlling polluted stormwater runoff caused by construction activities , as previously required under the Clean Water Act ( Sec. 328 ) .
Applicants for federal drilling permits could take up to two years to comply with application requirements , but would have given the Bureau of Land Management only 10 days to make decisions on drilling permit applications ( Sec. 348 ) .
Sweeping new authority for the Department of Interior to permit new energy projects in the Outer Continental Shelf without adequate oversight or standards ( Sec. 321 ) .
A $ 2 billion program to encourage already - profitable oil companies to drill in “ ultra deepwater ” ( Title IX , Subtitle E part II ) .
The House passed the conference report the same day it was filed .
Fortunately , one of “ the most anti-environment pieces of legislation in recent memory ” fell victim to a bipartisan filibuster in the Senate and was never brought to a final vote .
Cheney finally finds success
Republicans retained the White House ( with the help of over $ 2.5 million from the oil and gas industry ) and increased their majorities in both houses of Congress following the 2004 election .
Rep. Tauzin retired and was replaced as chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee by another Cheney ally , the equally pro-oil Joe Barton of Texas — the recipient of more than $ 1.4 million in campaign cash from the oil and gas industry .
Barton shepherded a bill through the House that included tens of billions in subsidies for Big Oil and other forms of dirty energy and dozens of other provisions to reduce or eliminate royalties paid by Big Oil to taxpayers , waive or eliminate environmental and safety reviews , and otherwise enhance Big Oil ’s ability to exploit our natural resources with little or no oversight and with maximum profit .
Lobbying records show that Andrew Lundquist , the executive director of Cheney ’s energy task force , left government to become a lobbyist ( at a firm later joined by since - jailed Deputy Secretary of the Interior Stephen J. Griles ) and was actively lobbying on the legislation on behalf of BP and other energy companies .
One of the worst elements of what has come to be known as the “ Dick Cheney energy bill ” had a direct role in eliminating the kind of regulatory oversight that may have prevented the blowout of BP ’s Mississippi Canyon 252 well on April 20 of this year .
Section 390 of the legislation dramatically expanded the circumstance under which drilling operations could forego environmental reviews and be approved almost immediately under so - called “ categorical exclusions ” from the National Environmental Policy Act .
The use of such exclusions went on to widespread abuse under the Bush administration .
BP ’s blown - out well did not undergo an environmental review thanks to a categorical exclusion .
( BP was lobbying as recently as April to expand the use of such exclusions . )
The expansion of categorical exclusions in the bill is far from the only giveaway to Big Oil at the expense of the environment and taxpayers .
Other troubling provisions include :
Tens of billions in subsidies for dirty energy , paid for by deficit spending .
Exempted hydraulic fracturing , a process invented by Cheney ’s former employer Halliburton , from the Safe Drinking Water Act ( Sec. 322 ) .
Relieved oil companies of paying royalties to the taxpayers for millions of barrels of oil produced from deepwater wells ( Sec. 345 ) .
Permanently exempted all oil and gas construction activities , including roads , drill pads , pipeline corridors , refineries , and compressor stations from having to obtain a permit controlling polluted stormwater runoff caused by construction activities , as previously required under the Clean Water Act ( Sec. 323 ) .
Required a study to “ identify and explain how legislative , regulatory , and administrative programs or processes restrict or impede the development of identified resources and the extent that they affect domestic supply , such as moratoria , lease terms and conditions , operational stipulations and requirements , approval delays by the federal government and coastal states , and local zoning restrictions for onshore processing facilities and pipeline landings . ”
Such “ impediments ” could typically include policies and regulations designed to protect human health , fish and wildlife , wild lands , and valuable cultural and historic sites on public lands ( Sec. 357 ) .
Weakened states ’ ability under the Coastal Zone Management
Act to have a say in projects and federal activities that affect their coasts including limiting appeals related to pipeline construction or offshore oil development ( Sec. 381-82 ) .
Allowed oil companies to have their leases reinstated if they had been terminated because of nonpayment of rental fees during Bush ’s first term ( Sec. 371 ) .
Created a loophole to allow oil companies to drill under a national seashore by transferring the mineral rights to private ownership or ownership by the state of Texas ( Sec. 373 ) .
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 , signed by President George W. Bush on August 8 , 2005 , achieved many of the goals set out by Cheney ’s secret task force in 2001 and ushered in a new era of deregulation , self - regulation , and utter disregard for environmental and safety laws .
It also coincided with a culture of deep and widespread corruption at the Interior Department , including the Minerals Management Service .
This era unquestionably set the stage for the BP oil catastrophe — Cheney ’s Katrina .
Joshua Dorner is Communications Director for Progressive Media .
To read more about the causes and consequences of the BP oil catastrophe , go the Energy and Environment page of the Center for American Progress web site .
Also see :
BP PLC postponed testing Tuesday on a new tight - fitting containment cap that could stop the flow of oil from its blown - out well for the first time .
The test , which was scheduled to start late Tuesday , was delayed after the U.S. government and company officials said that further analysis had to be done on Tuesday and Wednesday before determining the fitness of the cap .
Earlier ...
RESCHEDULED
Bike Week 2020 dates are 19th - 27th September .
Bike
Week is a celebration and promotion of all that 's great about bikes and cycling .
Held over an extended week each year , with bike themed events organised by local authorities , community groups and cycling groups throughout Ireland .
Read more .
Bike Week is a Government of Ireland initiative , under the broader Active Travel initiative , see Gov.ie
Ever wondered how much CO2 you could save by taking your bike instead of your car ?
Using a carbon calculator you can do this .
Enter your details and this calculator will show you just how much CO2 you could save .
Carbon Footprint
While Bike Week was postponed in June , many people rediscovered cycling during the restrictions .
We hope to bring you as many activities as possible this year , within public health guidelines - from free bike checks , fun cycles , lunchtime city rides , heritage cycles , electric bike races , school cycle events , road races and much more .
Cycling has much to offer people of every age and ability , so get on your bike and join the fun during this year ’s Bike Week or anytime .
See below and check your own local authority website for events in your area , which are subject to change in line with any changes that may be made to public health guidelines , so please check regularly .
By Aimee Lewis
The paparazzi pictures of the likes of Wayne Rooney and Frank Lampard relaxing on a beach in some luxury resort will no doubt pepper our newspapers and magazines in the forthcoming weeks .
Most , if not all , of the England squad will eventually return home to once again prepare for another season of toil in the familiar surroundings of the Premier League .
Rooney will head to Manchester United 's Carrington training ground , a mere 30 - odd miles from his hometown of Liverpool , while John Terry will don Chelsea 's colours , the club whose youth team he joined from West Ham in 1995 .
And therein lies the national team 's problem , according to Chris Waddle .
The former England and Tottenham winger , one of France 's favourite adopted sons after his successful spell with Marseille between 1989 and 1992 , believes the helter - skelter pace of the Premier League does not equip players sufficiently for international football and thinks the country 's most talented stars should ditch their home comforts and head for Europe .
My three years in Marseille taught me so much about football , which I would never have learnt in England
Chris Waddle
" Technically , it would improve them , " Waddle told BBC Radio 5 live .
" It 's an eye - opener .
You think it 's a game of football , like it is back home , but it 's not .
" When Marseille got the ball , we played patient football , it was about possession , it was like a waltz .
English football is based on the Charleston .
The Premier League has always been a basketball league - you attack then they attack - but other leagues do n't play like that .
" International football is about keeping the ball .
My three years in Marseille taught me so much about football , which I would never have learnt in England . "
Not one member of England manager Fabio Capello's World Cup squad in South Africa this summer had experience of playing club football anywhere other than in their own country .
But then there has never been a mass exodus of English players eager to tread on foreign pitches .
A number have succeeded : Gary Lineker ( Barcelona , Grampus Eight ) , David Platt ( Bari , Juventus , Sampdoria ) , Steve McManaman ( Real Madrid ) , Kevin Keegan ( Hamburg ) and David Beckham ( Real Madrid , LA Galaxy , AC Milan ) , to name a few .
But an Englishman playing abroad is rare these days .
Few have dared to follow in Waddle 's footsteps .
Currently , former Blackburn striker Matt Derbyshire is at Olympiakos in Greece while Darius Vassell , who started his career with Aston Villa , has just spent a season playing for Ankaragucu in Turkey .
The sole Englishman operating in one of Europe 's major leagues , other than the Premier League , is ex-Liverpool winger Jermaine Pennant .
Pennant is just about to start his second season in La Liga .
The 27 - year - old might not have set the Spanish league alight during what was an injury - plagued first season - he made 25 appearances for Real Zaragoza - but believes the experience has already improved him .
" Not many players get a chance of playing in La Liga , " Pennant told BBC Sport .
" This was a once - in - a - lifetime chance .
" I 'd say the Premier League is a bit quicker and more physical but the Spanish league is definitely more technical - and that makes it more of an enjoyment to play in .
" You 've obviously got your Barcelonas and Real Madrids but lower down the league in Spain is better than the Premier League .
It 's a great league , every team is very gifted .
" I got to play against Real and Barca .
It was the first time I 'd played against Barcelona for the full 90 minutes .
The experience was great and I can't wait to go again .
Pennant signed for Real Zaragoza on a free last summer " When we played them I think I touched the ball five times in one hour .
When I came off the pitch , I thought I needed to go to hospital .
I could n't breathe .
I thought I needed new pair of lungs ! "
The winger , notorious for his poor timekeeping ( in February there were reports he was sent home from training after arriving late for the third time in two weeks ) , is even looking forward to pre-season training , which starts next week .
" I 'm fully fit and I 'll be ready for pre-season .
It 's not as hard as I thought it would be .
It 's a lot of football and less running , " added Pennant , the first Englishman to play for Zaragoza .
" For sure it 's easier than in England .
In England there 's a lot of running , a lot of bleep tests .
In Spain they do n't do it .
I think if people read this they 're going to come to La Liga now ! "
Dutch legend Johan Cruyff once questioned why so few English , indeed British , players have succeeded abroad , saying : " There 's something going on here , something strange . "
Waddle - nicknamed ' Magic Chris ' by the Marseille fans - cited an unwillingness to embrace a new culture and the inability to learn a new language as reasons for this .
606 : DEBATE
Well the excitement of the EPL is great and entertaining but it would be better for England if there was a European league
ASNC " When I signed for Marseille , someone asked me if I was going to learn French .
' I would n't ' they said , ' I 'd make them speak English ' .
And that sums us up .
We do n't want to learn anything .
We do n't want to copy .
" Gary Lineker learnt to do it .
Bobby Robson learnt more by going abroad .
Steve McClaren will come back to England and he 'll know so much more . "
Pennant is still slowly overcoming the language barrier , although he admits , even after nearly a year , he is finding learning Spanish " very difficult " .
" I understand more than I speak it , " he admitted .
" When they give me instructions I understand .
The communication on the training pitch and on the football pitch is not a problem , it 's just the day - to - day life .
Having a conversation with someone is a bit difficult . "
Pennant , who had a troubled time in his early twenties ( he was jailed for drink - driving in 2004 during which time it was revealed he had trouble reading and writing ) , has persevered longer than most .
Former Liverpool and Aston Villa striker Stan Collymore lasted only three games for Oviedo before deciding he could not adapt to a new way of life and a new way of playing .
Like Burnley defender Tyrone Mears , who spent a season with Marseille back in 2008 , Pennant believes he has settled quicker than expected because of the camaraderie among his team - mates .
The Zaragoza squad along with manager Jose Aurelio Gay and his backroom staff socialise together twice a month , usually for a meal , and talk about matters other than football , allowing Pennant to get to know his team - mates " a bit better " .
" It does help a lot , " Pennant commented .
" At other clubs I 've been at the only time the team really goes out like that is at Christmas or for a charity dinner . "
However , encouraging players to take leave for pastures new is no panacea for England .
After all , just one member of the gifted young Germany squad , which inflicted that humiliating 4 - 1 defeat on a pedestrian - looking England , plays outside of the Bundesliga .
Numerous inquests into England 's World Cup exit seem to suggest that the country 's woes are more deep rooted , but Waddle and Pennant 's experiences suggest moving abroad might aid the national team 's recovery .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
De no controlarse la delincuencia el riesgo de que el pa�s caiga en un c�rculo vicioso de mayor desigualdad y pobreza que conduzca ineludiblemente a un mayor nivel de criminalidad , aumenta peligrosamente
Ciudad de M�xico | Domingo 09 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
10:05
Want to disable iPhone GPS geotagging of photos and the camera ?
Many users may wish to turn off geotagging on iPhone photos for privacy reasons .
In case you did n’t know , the iPhone Camera defaults to storing GPS and geographic tagging information in the EXIF data of your iPhone images .
If you do n’t want this type of location information stored in a pictures EXIF meta data , you can disable the feature easily in iOS settings , which essentially prevents the image from keeping location details within the file and can help to increase privacy .
We ’ll cover how to make this settings adjustment on all versions of iOS so you can disable the location feature of the camera and snapped photos .
How to Disable iPhone Photo GPS Geotag Location Data
This will prevent the location GPS coordinates from being embedded into all photos taken with the iPhone Camera app , this settings adjustments is available to and works in all modern versions of iOS :
Open the Settings app on iPhone Go to the “ Privacy ” settings Tap on “ Location Services ” and find “ Camera ” in the list of apps
Flip the switch next to “ Camera ” to “ Never ” or OFF so that Camera never uses location Exit Settings , or turn off location data for other photography apps if desired
The above setting screenshot shows what the Privacy > Location Services >
Camera setting should look like to prevent location tagging of iPhone photos .
It ’s important to point this settings adjustment only changes photos taken with the Camera app on an iPhone .
If you want to prevent other apps from being able to geotag images taken within their respective application , say like Instagram , you ’d need to locate that app from the same Privacy > Location Services list and disable those apps as well .
Do not overlook other apps usage of geolocation data if you are aiming to maintain maximum privacy with geographic location data and GPS coordinates , because it ’s not only the iPhone camera that will attempt to store and gather geolocation in images metadata .
You ’ll find this privacy setting in all modern iOS versions , from 6 , 7 , iOS 8 , iOS 9 , iOS 10 , iOS 11 , iOS 12 , and onward .
New versions of iOS actually gave “ Location Services ” it ’s own separate preference settings within the Privacy section of Settings app , whereas old versions of iOS still allow you to disable the settings but you have to go deeper into the iOS preferences to do so , which we ’ll cover next .
Turning Off Camera Location Services in Older iOS Versions
If you have a much older iPhone model with an older iOS release you can still turn off this feature too .
Turning off Camera GPS data with older models iPhone running iOS 5 and iOS 4 is done through the following settings adjustment , note how it ’s different from doing so in modern iOS releases :
Tap on Settings
Tap on General
Tap on “ Location Services ”
Select the On / Off switch next to “ Camera ” so that the switch is set to OFF
Exit settings
The appearance of these Camera location data and privacy Settings also has changed slightly , but again the functionality remains the same across all versions of iOS that include the ability to toggle the setting on or off .
Images taken from the iPhone will now no longer include GPS and location data when taking photos , and your privacy concerns should be alleviated .
For those interested , it ’s fairly easy to see the iPhone photo GPS data by using the Preview app or any other EXIF viewer on the Mac .
Likewise , it ’s also fairly easy to strip the EXIF details using applications as well , so if you want to remove location data from past images that ’s what you ’d want to do .
There are many reasons to want to disable geotagging of images , but perhaps the leading reason is for privacy and security .
Do you really want every photo you take to have the precise GPS coordinates and location of the image stored in that pictures metadata ?
This is something to consider , especially if you put photos on the internet through a website or social media .
Many photo sharing apps and services will also gather that GPS data from the photos too , keeping a record of exactly where images are taken .
Thus for many of us , simply turning off geotagging of images is a simple way to not have to deal with any of that .
Going beyond photos , if you care about this for privacy reasons , you might want to audit the Location Services access of other apps on your iPhone or iPad too , disabling location for social networks and social media along with other apps can be a simple way to enhance your own privacy and security a bit .
If you have any thoughts , tips , tricks , or helpful advice about turning on or off geotagging camera photos on the iPhone or iPad , share them with us in the comments below .
Greetings to the New Season : ABC – UPDATED
Another day , another network upfront .
Now it ’s time to say hello to ABC ’s Fall 2010 line - up .
No accompanying videos at the moment , but you can get an idea of what to expect from the descriptions they ’ve provided … and be sure to let us know what you think of the potential of the new series !
UPDATE : Hey , look : ABC came through with videos !
MONDAY
8 – 10 PM : Dancing with the Stars
10 – 11 PM : Castle
TUESDAY
8 – 9 PM : No Ordinary Family : The Powells are about to go from ordinary to extraordinary .
After 16 years of marriage , Jim and Stephanie ’s relationship lacks the spark it once had , and their family life now consists of balancing work and their two children , leaving little time for family bonding .
During a family vacation set up by Jim in an attempt to reconnect , their plane crashes into the Amazon River .
But this is where the fun starts for the Powells , as they soon discover that something ’s not quite right .
Each of them now possesses unique and distinct superpowers .
But saving and savoring their family life will be equally important , as they try to find purpose for their new powers and embark on a journey to find out what defines and unifies them .
The Powells are a totally relatable family who happen to be a little bit amazing .
Michael Chiklis ( “ The Shield ” ) stars as Jim Powell , Julie Benz ( “ Dexter ” ) as Stephanie Powell , Romany Malco ( “ The 40 - Year - Old Virgin ” ) as George St. Cloud , Tate Donovan ( “ Damages ” ) as Mitch McCutcheon , Autumn Reeser as Katie Andrews , Christina Chang as Yvonne Cho , Kay Panabaker as Daphne Powell and Jimmy Bennett as JJ Powell .
The pilot was written and executive - produced by Jon Feldman .
The series is executive - produced by Feldman , Greg Berlanti , Morgan Wandell and David Semel , who also directed the pilot .
Joe Hartwick , Jr. serves as producer .
9 – 10 PM : Dancing with the Stars ( Results Show )
10 – 11 PM : Detroit 1 - 8 - 7 :
What does it take to be a detective on America ’s most dangerous streets ?
Get ready to be part of the action when a documentary crew rolls with some of Detroit ’s finest , offering an insider ’s glimpse behind the curtain of a Homicide Unit .
The cameras unearth the crisis and revelation , heartbreak and heroism of these inner city cops — moments of raw exposure when they address us directly , as well as private moments when they forget they ’re being filmed .
There ’s the damaged but driven Detective Louis Fitch , a wily homicide vet who is the most respected — and most misunderstood — man in the division ; Detective Damon Washington , Fitch ’s new partner , who finds the first day on the job is a trial by fire , complicated by the imminent birth of his first child ; Detective Ariana Sanchez , sexy , edgy and beautiful , who has emerged from a rough background to become a rising star in the department ; Narcotics undercover cop John Stone , a streetwise smooth talker , clever and quick with a smile made for the movies , who is teamed with Sanchez — a combustible pairing rife with conflict and sexual tension ; Sergeant Jesse Longford , a 30 - year veteran struggling with his impending retirement from the force and the city he loves , who , together with his partner , Detective Aman Mahajan — a fully Americanized son of Indian immigrants — form an amusing mismatch of experience and enthusiasm , intellect and instinct , old school and new world , but whose combined skills have never encountered a case that could n’t be cleared ; and all are headed by Lieutenant Maureen Mason , a strong - willed single mom struggling to balance home and work .
“ Detroit 1 - 8 - 7 ” stars Michael Imperioli ( “ The Sopranos ” ) as Detective Louis Fitch , Jon Michael Hill as Detective Damon Washington , James McDaniel ( “ NYPD Blue ” ) as Sergeant Jesse Longford , Aisha Hinds ( “ True Blood ” ) as Lieutenant Maureen Mason , Natalie Martinez as Detective Ariana Sanchez , D.J. Cotrona as Detective John Stone and Shaun Majumder as Detective Aman Mahajan .
The pilot was written by Jason Richman .
Executive producers are Richman , David Hoberman , Todd Lieberman and David Zabel .
Jeff Nachmanoff directed the pilot .
WEDNESDAY
8 – 8:30 PM : The Middle
8:30 – 9 PM : Better Together : Maddie and Ben have been dating for nine years .
They know each other inside and out , a relationship marked by contentment and affection , seeing their commitment to one another as a “ valid life choice , ” something they proclaim often — and often loudly .
Maddie ’s younger sister , Mia , has been dating Casey for seven weeks .
With a shared c’est la vie attitude , Mia and Casey are smitten with each other , and thrilled to explore the oh - so - many things they do n’t know about each other yet .
But when they announce they ’re getting married and having a baby , it ’s news that throws Maddie for a loop .
Surprisingly , the girls ’ parents , Vicky and Joel , could n’t be more pleased .
Married 35 years , they have recently adopted a carpe diem sort of philosophy , rather like Mia ’s , maybe because they ’re getting older and lost a good portion of their savings when the economy tanked .
With three very different relationships tightly intertwined in one family , will it be free thinkers vs. over - thinkers , or will each couple begin to see things a little bit differently ?
“ Better Together ” stars JoAnna Garcia as Mia , Jennifer Finnigan as Maddie , Josh Cooke as Ben , Jake Lacy as Casey , with Kurt Fuller as Joel and Debra Jo Rupp as Vicky .
Shana Goldberg - Meehan is executive producer and writer .
The pilot was directed by James Burrows .
9 – 9:30 PM : Modern Family
9:30 – 10 PM : Cougar Town
10 – 11 PM : The Whole Truth :
This unique legal drama chronicles the way a case is built from the perspective of both the defense and prosecution .
Showing each side equally keeps the audience guessing , shifting allegiances and opinions on guilt or innocence until the very final scene .
Kathryn Peale , the product of a New England background and a sheriff father , is the Deputy Bureau Chief in the New York State District Attorney ’s office .
Jimmy Brogan , born and raised in Hell ’s Kitchen and a friend of Kathryn ’s since their days at Yale Law School , is one of New York ’s rising criminal attorney stars .
Buoyed by their respective teams , these evenly matched lawyers — each with a strong streak of competitiveness , a fervent belief in their clients and an equally intense passion for the law — go about creating two different stories from the same set of facts .
As this up - close , behind - the - scenes look at the legal process mirrors the excitement of a championship match , it becomes evident that truth has nothing to do with innocence or guilt — at the end of every trial , the only thing that matters is what the jury believes .
“ The Whole Truth ” stars Rob Morrow ( “ Numb3rs ” ) as Jimmy Brogan , Joely Richardson ( “ Nip / Tuck ” ) as Kathryn Peale , Eamonn Walker ( “ Oz ” ) as Sr. ADA Terrence “ Edge ” Edgecomb , Sean Wing as Chad Griffin , Anthony Ruivivar as Alejo Salazar and Christine Adams as Lena Boudreaux .
The pilot was written and co-executive produced by Tom Donaghy , and the executive producers are Jerry Bruckheimer and Jonathan Littman .
Alex Graves was executive producer and director for the pilot , and KristieAnne Reed serves as a co-executive producer .
THURSDAY
8 – 9 PM : My Generation :
What a difference ten years can make .
In 2000 , a documentary crew follows a disparate group of high schoolers from Greenbelt High School in Austin , TX as they prepare for graduation , then revisits these former classmates ten years later as they return home to rediscover that just because they ’re not where they planned does n’t mean they ’re not right where they need to be .
These students could n’t wait to graduate and head out into the real world .
But the world they were entering got very real very fast .
As these classmates return home to revisit their old hopes for their future , they ’ll discover that , even if you do n’t get exactly what you thought you wanted out of life , it ’s not too late to get what you need .
“ My Generation ” stars Michael Stahl David as Steven , Kelli Garner as Dawn , Jaime King as Jacqueline , Keir O’Donnell as Kenneth , Sebastian Sozzi as Falcon , Mechad Brooks as Rolly , Anne Son as Caroline , Daniella Alonso as Brenda and Julian Morris as Anders .
“ My Generation ” was created and written by Noah Hawley ( “ The Unusuals , ” “ Bones ” ) , who is also an executive producer , along with Warren Littlefield , Henrik Bastin , Patrick Magnasson and Martin Piersson .
Craig Gillespie directed the pilot .
9 -10 PM : Grey ’s Anatomy
10 – 11 PM : Private Practice
FRIDAY
8 – 9 PM : Secret Millionaire : a one - hour alternative series that follows some of America ’s wealthiest people for one week as they leave behind their lavish lifestyles , sprawling mansions and luxury jets , conceal their true identities , and go to live and volunteer in some of the most impoverished and dangerous communities in America .
Surviving on welfare wages , their mission is to discover the unsung heroes of America — deserving individuals who continually sacrifice everything to help those in need .
Throughout this incredible experience , the Secret Millionaires will attempt to remain undiscovered , coming face to face with extraordinary and amazing people battling the odds every day of their lives .
On the final day , in an emotional and dramatic climax , they reveal their true identities .
Ultimately , the millionaires will each give away at least $ 100,000 of their own money , changing lives forever .
Executive producers of “ Secret Millionaire ” include Grant Mansfield , Claire O’Donohoe and Leslie Garvin .
Co-executive producer is Paul Osborne .
It ’s directed by Bruce Ready .
9 – 10 PM : Body of Proof : Dr. Megan Hunt ( Dana Delany ) was in a class of her own , a brilliant neurosurgeon at the top of her game .
But her world is turned upside down when a devastating car accident puts an end to her time in the operating room .
Megan resumes her career as a medical examiner , determined to solve the puzzle of who or what killed the victims .
Her instincts are sharp , but she ’s developed a reputation for graying the lines of where her job ends and where the police department ’s begins .
It turns out her career is n’t the only thing that will need to be rebuilt ; Megan ’s family has taken a backseat to her ambition , and now she ’s discovering there ’s a lot of work to do when it comes to dissecting her relationships with the living .
Dana Delany stars as Dr. Megan Hunt , Jeri Ryan as Dr. Kate Murphy , Geoffrey Arend as Dr. Elliot Gross , John Carroll Lynch as Detective Bud Morris , Windell Middlebrooks as Dr. Curtis Brumfield , Nic Bishop as Peter Dunlap and Sonja Sohn as Detective Samantha Baker .
Christopher Murphey wrote the pilot , which was directed by Nelson McCormick .
Murphey and Matt Gross serve as executive producers .
10 – 11 PM : 20/20
SATURDAY
8 – 11 PM : Saturday Night College Football
SUNDAY
7 – 8 PM : America ’s Funniest Home Videos
8 – 9 PM : Extreme Makeover : Home Edition
9 – 10 PM : Desperate Housewives
10 – 11 PM : Brothers & Sisters
Canceled :
* Better Off Ted
* The Deep End
* FlashForward
* The Forgotten
* Romantically Challenged
* Scrubs
* Ugly Betty
Returning midseason :
* The Bachelor
* V
New at midseason :
* Happy Endings : Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits , the real question is , who gets to keep the friends ?
In this modern comedy , a couple ’s break - up will complicate all of their friends ’ lives and make everyone question their choices .
When life throws you for a curve , hold on tight to the people you love .
Every circle of friends has someone who ’s the gravitational center .
For years , perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together .
Now that they ’ve split , does this group have the stuff to stay together ?
Or do Max , Brad , Jane and Penny have to choose sides ?
Suddenly every event is a negotiation … like , who gets to go on the annual ski trip ?
There are a lot of big questions to be answered , but this group has been together so long , somehow , little by little , they ’ll figure out how to hold on , even though their center is split up .
It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends .
But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny ’s long - suppressed feelings for Dave .
What is the waiting period for dating a friend ’s ex ?
This show is n’t afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long - term , close - knit group of friends .
“ Happy Endings ” stars Elisha Cuthbert ( “ 24 ” ) as Alex , Eliza Coupe as Jane , Zachary Knighton as Dave , Adam Pally as Max , Damon Wayans , Jr. as Brad and Casey Wilson as Penny .
From executive producers Jamie Tarses , Jonathan Groff , Anthony & Joe Russo , and co-executive producer David Caspe , “ Happy Endings ” examines the complex network of long - term friendships .
The pilot was written by David Caspe and directed by Anthony & Joe Russo .
* Mr. Sunshine : Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan , the self - involved manager of a second - rate San Diego sports arena who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday .
Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner , Crystal — attractive , powerful and highly erratic ; Alice — the cute , tomboyish marketing director and Ben ’s friend with benefits ; Alonzo – a former basketball player , handsome and unbelievably happy ;
Ben ’s assistant , Heather – pretty , sweet , but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire ; Crystal ’s son , Roman – sweet - faced , clueless and Ben ’s newest employee ; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the “ Steves . ”
“ Mr. Sunshine ” stars Matthew Perry ( “ Friends ” ) as Ben , Allison Janney ( “ The West Wing ” ) as Crystal , Andrea Anders as Alice , James Lesure as Alonzo , Nate Torrence as Roman and Portia Doubleday as Heather .
Matthew Perry , Alex Barnow , Marc Firek , Jamie Tarses and Thomas Schlamme are executive producers .
The Pilot was written by Matthew Perry and Alex Barnow & Marc Firek and directed by Thomas Schlamme .
* Off the Map : Executive producers Shonda Rhimes and Betsy Beers ( “ Grey ’s Anatomy , ” “ Private Practice ” ) and creator Jenna Bans ( “ Grey ’s Anatomy ” ) bring you an uplifting medical drama that explores how far you have to go to truly heal .
Welcome to “ la ciudad de las estrellas ” ( the city of stars ) , a tiny town in the South American jungle which has one understaffed , under - stocked medical clinic .
That ’s where idealistic young Dr. Lily Brenner just landed , along with fellow doctors Mina Minard and Manny Diaz .
All of these young doctors are running away from personal demons , but they are n’t the only ones with emotional baggage .
Take the legendary and enigmatic Ben Keeton , who was the youngest Chief of Surgery at UCLA .
He walked away from it all to found the clinic .
Together with his right - hand doctor , Otis Cole , he ’ll teach these newcomers how to save lives in the most challenging environment they ’ve ever worked in .
“ Off the Map ” stars Martin Henderson as Ben Keeton , Caroline Dhavernas as Lily Brenner , Enrique Murciano as Manny Diaz , Mamie Gummer as Mina Minard , Jason George as Otis Cole , Valerie Cruz as Zita ( Zee ) and Jose Julian as Charlie .
“ Off the Map ” is executive - produced by Shonda Rhimes and Betsy Beers , and created / executive - produced by Jenna Bans .
Back in 2002 , Gator was one of the most reviled companies on the Net .
Maker of a free app called eWallet , the firm was under fire for distributing what critics called spyware , code that covertly monitors a user 's Web - surfing habits and uploads the data to a remote server .
People who downloaded Gator eWallet soon found their screens inundated with pop-up ads ostensibly of interest to them because of Web sites they had visited .
Removing eWallet did n't stop the torrent of pop-ups .
Mounting complaints attracted the attention of the Federal Trade Commission .
Online publishers sued the company for obscuring their Web sites with pop-ups .
In a June 2002 legal brief filed with the lawsuit , attorneys for The Washington Post referred to Gator as a " parasite . "
ZDNet called it a " scourge . "
Today Gator , now called Claria , is a rising star .
The lawsuits have been settled - with negligible impact on the company 's business - and Claria serves ads for names like JPMorgan Chase , Sony , and Yahoo !
The Wall Street Journal praises the company for " making strides in revamping itself . "
Earlier this year , The New York Times reported that Microsoft came close to acquiring Claria .
Google acknowledges Claria 's technology in recent patent applications .
Best of all , government agencies and watchdog groups have given their blessing to the company 's latest product : software that watches everything users do online and transmits their surfing histories to Claria , which uses the data to determine which ads to show them .
Apart from plush new offices at the northern edge of Silicon Valley , it 's remarkable how little the latter - day Claria differs from the old Gator .
It 's true that the company has toned down its most aggressive tactics .
Journalists , watchdogs , and regulators seem mollified .
For the most part , though , the company is in the same business as before , courting the same customers and selling a product that does the same thing in the same ways .
Claria wears in a sharp suit and has a scrubbed face and coiffed hair - but it still looks a lot like Gator .
CEO Scott VanDeVelde does n't deny this .
" I do n't feel like there 's a need to wipe the slate clean , " he says .
" Our technologies are dead center of where the market is going . "
The spyware wars are over - and spyware has won .
Like many dotcoms born in the late 1990s , Gator began with an idea for a product - but no clear way to make money from it .
" Our idea was a program that would store your passwords and automatically log you into password - protected sites , " says Wally Buch .
Buch brainstormed the software with a friend , Symantec founder Denis Coleman , who would remain involved in the company until early 2004 .
They called it eWallet .
Buch came up with the missing revenue model a few weeks later as he waited in the checkout line at a grocery store .
The woman in front of him bought diapers , and he noticed that her receipt included coupons for baby products .
Buch realized that the Web could do the same thing for advertising :
If he kept track of sites people visited , he could deliver ads that reflected their interests and thus increase the chance of triggering a sale .
Along with then - CEO Jeff McFadden and VP of marketing Scott Eagle , Buch and Coleman decided to give away eWallet and use it as a sort of Trojan horse for pop - up ads .
As users surfed the Web , ads would appear based on the site they were visiting .
The gambit worked .
Millions of people downloaded eWallet , and Gator 's bank balance began to grow .
A host of similar companies followed , including WhenU , 180Solutions , and DirectRevenue .
In 1999 , Gator parlayed its early success into $ 12.5 million in financing .
That 's when McFadden and Eagle decided the company 's main product was not password - storing freeware but a covert ad - delivery platform .
" Things really changed after that , " Buch recalls .
" It 's not that I thought pop-ups could n't be valuable , but the way they did it was over the top .
It was an invitation to trouble . "
Uncomfortable with the company 's direction , he left before the year was out .
The business took off without him .
In 2000 , The Industry Standard called Gator one of the " 10 companies to watch . "
The firm pulled in $ 14.5 million in 2001 ; revenue totaled $ 40.5 in 2002 , when Gator delivered pop-ups to 12 million desktops .
" We had 300 retailers , and the click rates were amazing , " Eagle says .
" All we were thinking about was how to continue growing . "
While Gator was raking in profits and plaudits , computer users were growing frustrated .
One minute they were downloading seemingly benign freeware , the next their systems were spewing pop-ups and uploading private data .
Programs they had n't deliberately installed and did n't want anyway were interfering with other apps and dragging down system performance .
All this spawned a backlash , leading to a new market for antispyware utilities , like Lavasoft 's Ad- Aware , designed to remove the offending software , including Gator 's , from users ' computers .
Meanwhile , executives at Web operations noticed that pop-ups interfered with their own ability to do business .
For one thing , the ads enticed visitors to click links that whisked them off to other sites .
For another , the ads papered over their own sites ' ads .
Advertisers who did n't get an adequate response on publishers ' sites would n't renew , and that was bound to compromise potential revenue .
As the leading distributor of pop-up software , Gator became a lightning rod for criticism .
By summer 2001 , the Interactive Advertising Bureau was telling the press about Gator 's " deceptive " practice of " illegally " interfering with Web businesses .
Gator wasted no time in striking back .
In August , the company had sued IAB for " malicious disparagement " that interfered with its right to deliver pop-ups .
The parties settled in November , agreeing to cooperate in the development of future Gator products .
In June 2002 , The Washington Post , The New York Times , Dow Jones , and seven other online publishers filed a lawsuit , charging Gator with nine counts , including interfering with business and violating trademark .
Gator 's software , they claimed , infringed on their trademarks because it used their brand names to trigger ads for competitors - éthat is , when it detected a user logging into The New York Times ' site , it would pop up an ad promoting The Wall Street Journal .
The publishers hoped to convince the court that Gator was specifically targeting their businesses and delivering competing pop-ups .
They hired Ben Edelman , a Harvard economics graduate student with a law degree and a techie bent , to trace the trail of secret signals , both within users ' computers and over the Net .
Thanks to his forensic work and eventual testimony , the publishers won a preliminary injunction forcing Gator to stop targeting their sites .
Ben Edelman is the world 's premiere spyware epidemiologist .
In his Cambridge , Massachusetts , lab near Harvard Yard , he deliberately infects a sacrificial PC with programs like eWallet .
Then he tracks the way the applications sink their tendrils into host desktops , collect sensitive information , and transmit it to the mothership .
This research has earned him few friends in the industry .
Eagle , ever on the defense against competitors , believes Edelman is a spy for his rival WhenU .
After I tell the Claria VP I 'm planning to visit Edelman , he turns grim .
" Why do n't you ask him who he works for ? " he asks testily .
The fact is , Edelman works for the same kind of customers Eagle does : large organizations with a substantial Web presence .
His consulting clients include AOL , the National Football League , and Wells Fargo .
In Edelman 's testimony on behalf of the publishers in their 2002 suit , he gave a step - by - step overview of how Gator 's user tracking and ad delivery software wound up on the machines of unwitting users .
When someone downloaded eWallet , Edelman found , another program called OfferCompanion came along for the ride .
Whenever the browser loaded a new site , OfferCompanion sent the new URL to Gator , which served a related pop-up for the software to display .
Moreover , Edelman discovered , the stealth program could n't be removed using the Windows uninstall command .
Once it was on a PC , it took some effort to erase .
He also found that thousands of smaller companies were also distributing OfferCompanion ( along with similar programs ) bundled with Kazaa and AudioGalaxy .
These distributors made deals with yet another tier of companies that gave away the bundle along with still more freeware .
Whenever a user clicked on an ad , everyone along the chain took a cut .
So if Gator got $ 10 for each click on a Home Shopping Network pop-up , the second - tier distributors might get 10 cents each and the third - tier distributors 5 cents each .
Sometimes , though , the middlemen did n't wait for a user to click ; they simply made it look that way .
When someone clicks on a pop-up ad , the advertiser puts a cookie - a small text file - on the user 's browser to track his movements .
The more active the user is on the advertiser 's site , the more the distributors get paid - especially if the result is a sale .
These companies realized they could add code that stashed a cookie in the browser whenever a pop-up appeared .
Thus , each pop -up served made them another dime , whether or not it ever got clicked .
The scam , known as cookie stuffing , became endemic to the industry .
" Quite simply , affiliates use spyware to rip off marketing departments , " Edelman says .
The publishers ' suit set off a cascade of bad news for Gator .
L.L. Bean , Hertz.com , and Overstock.com piled on during 2003 and 2004 , launching separate suits for unfair business practices and trademark infringement .
In April 2004 , the FTC held a summit to address the spyware problem and followed up with lawsuits against companies like Seismic Entertainment .
Seismic 's code embedded itself so deeply in the operating system that trying to delete it occasionally ruined the host PC .
The agency did n't go after eWallet or OfferCompanion , but it was clear that the Feds were paying attention .
Then Yahoo ! announced that its toolbar would block pop-ups from Gator , among others .
Amid the string of setbacks , Gator canceled plans for an IPO .
Eagle declines to talk about it .
" Suffice it to say that market conditions were n't right , " he says .
The lawsuits and bad publicity left the company wounded , but the numbers were exploding anyway : Profit grew from $ 91,000 ( on revenue of $ 40.5 million ) in 2002 to nearly $ 35 million ( on revenue of $ 90 million ) in 2003 .
The user base was roughly 35 million and growing 50 percent annually .
Apparently , Gator did n't need to change its software ; it needed to change its image .
So , as Eagle puts it , " we shifted the momentum and grabbed the mike . "
The first move was to give the company a new name .
Thus , in October 2003 , Gator , the fearsome snapping reptile , became Claria , the paragon of transparency and light .
Next Claria went to work replacing the pejorative word spyware with the more business - friendly adware .
The adware model was already an accepted way for software companies to support otherwise free products - the free version of the Eudora email program , for instance , displays ads in a small window that can't be closed while the program is in use .
Claria execs argued that eWallet was no different .
Moreover , they policed the distinction with diligence :
Anyone who called the company 's products spyware risked a lawsuit .
In late 2003 , Claria filed a libel suit against PCPitstop.com , a mom-and - pop site that distributed spyware - removal tools .
The suit claimed that PCPitstop was infringing on Claria 's business by including the company on a list of firms that distributed spyware .
As part of a settlement , PCPitstop took down several pages on its site describing how the company 's pop-up generator ruins PC performance and tracks every move consumers make online .
Meanwhile , Claria quietly settled the suits filed by L.L. Bean , Hertz.com , and Overstock .com .
All parties signed nondisclosure agreements , so the terms are secret and nobody will discuss them .
The next step was to cozy up to regulators .
Claria offered to help government agencies and industry watchdogs establish guidelines for spyware , and perhaps show how its own practices were more benign .
To that end , the executive suite made room for a new position : chief privacy officer .
Reed Freeman , a former staff attorney at the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection , took the job .
Freeman spoke at industry events about the importance of privacy and consumer rights , and Claria became a supporter of the Antispyware Coalition , a public interest group headed by the Center for Democracy and Technology in Washington , DC .
Claria seemed to embrace the Coalition 's business - friendly list of rules for pop -up advertising companies that sought to rise above the spyware label .
The rules are simple :
There must be " conspicuous notification " when adware is downloaded , and that notice must include a clear explanation of what the software will do and how it can be uninstalled .
But for all Claria 's rhetoric , critics pointed out , its actions suggested a less than hearty embrace of the coalition 's intent .
For example , it complied with the notification provision by adding to the installation procedure a pop-up window full of small type explaining how Claria 's products work .
Edelman scoffs at this solution , arguing that the notification text is " longer than the US Constitution and nobody reads it . "
If Edelman was n't convinced , several makers of antispyware software were .
In April 2005 , Claria issued a press release saying it had convinced McAfee to " acknowledge " that Claria 's software apps were n't " malicious threats " ; McAfee had " inadvertently labeled " Claria a " top threat of 2004 . "
Claria also persuaded Microsoft and Aluria to remove its products from the list of programs targeted by their antispyware apps .
Eagle wo n't discuss how he made his case to these companies , but Aluria CEO Rick Carlson says he 's satisfied with Claria 's disclosure policy .
" At some point theéconsumer has to take responsibility and read , " he says .
As for whether it 's easy enough to remove Claria 's software , " users are never more than two clicks away from uninstalling , " he says .
Claria 's cleanup strategy very nearly paid off in a big way .
According to a June 30 , 2005 , New York Times piece , Microsoft considered acquiring Claria .
The two went as far as holding meetings to discuss terms .
However , Redmond employees who were aware of Claria 's reputation demurred , setting off what the Times called an " internal battle " among Microsoft execs .
Neither company will comment on the article .
The reported deal did n't go through , but Eagle says he 's not worried .
His company 's revenue for 2004 topped $ 100 million .
Claria is back .
As Claria sheds the last of Gator 's skin , Eagle is keen to talk about the final element in the company 's corporate makeover .
" We 're moving into the personalized content business , " he says .
Translation :
The company plans to stop delivering pop-ups altogether .
At first blush , the news sounds like solid evidence that Claria has emerged from the spyware wars with a new focus .
Having taken pop-ups as far as it could , the company has decided to leave the format behind .
But this is n't to say it 's finished tracking customers and using the information to sell advertising .
PersonalWeb , a Claria product scheduled to launch in January , is a close cousin of the OfferCompanion program that hitched a ride on eWallet .
It tracks everything users do on the Internet and sends the information to remote servers for analysis .
Then it places ads on partnering publishers '
Web sites , changing them depending on the profile of the visitor .
The crucial difference is that PersonalWeb does n't display irritating pop-ups that might make users wonder what else has been installed on their PCs .
Better yet , publishers will get a cut of the clickthrough commissions for ads Claria places on their sites .
There will no more fights over territory .
" It 's great for everybody , " Eagle says .
" Merchants make money , publishers make money , and so do we . "
The new product does n't alter Claria 's course .
Rather , it cuts a more viable pathway through the wilderness McFadden and Eagle first opened in 1999 .
PersonalWeb reflects the key lesson the company has learned since then :
While everyone hates pop-ups , nobody much minds behind - the - scenes spying .
In fact , surreptitious tracking is all the rage .
Google - with its interconnected search , email , chat , blogs , and social networks - is also in the business of targeting ads based on user behavior .
So are MSN and Yahoo !
All three maintain profiles of everyone who signs up for their services .
They use cookies to track what visitors do on their sites while they 're logged in ; the downloadable Google and MSN toolbars track which sites users visit when they 're logged out .
Like Claria , Google has amassed a vast database of user profiles that it plans to use for even better targeting in the future .
Few people in the online business community question the idea that marketing software should track user behavior .
Lydia Parnes , director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection , says it 's possible to track people online without being underhanded .
The FTC is in favor of online advertising , she explains , " and sometimes tracking makes advertising work better for consumers . "
Esther Dyson , who has been harshly critical of spyware companies in her influential newsletter , Release 1.0 , agrees .
" As long as there 's disclosure and people are given a choice , I think monitoring users ' behavior is n't a problem , " she says .
That 's the kind of green light Gator could never get .
But in the evolving world of behavioral marketing , Claria is the hottest , um , adware company around .
Contributing editor Annalee Newitz ( brainsploitation@yahoo.com ) wrote about the female orgasm in issue 13.07 .
credit : Tomer Hanuka
