Internet filtering software that China plans to distribute nationwide blocks content related to a spiritual movement banned in China , despite government claims that the software targets only porn .
The program automatically closes a browser window when it detects Chinese words related to Falun Gong , according to a keyword blacklist decrypted and posted online Thursday in a report by researchers at the University of Michigan .
Falun Gong , a meditation practice , was banned in China as a cult ten years ago after mass gatherings by followers in Beijing stoked government fear .
China this month ordered PC makers to include the porn filtering software , called Green Dam Youth Escort , either pre-installed or on a CD - ROM with all new computers sold in the country from July 1 .
The move has raised concern among PC makers and rights groups that the program could be used to block other Web sites as well , but China has insisted the software targets only " harmful " information like porn and violent content .
A Chinese Internet official called filtering porn the " only purpose " of the program , according to the state - run China Daily .
Visiting Chinese sites dedicated to Falung Gong with the filter active confirmed the program 's response .
A pop-up message notifies the user that the information is " harmful " and closes the window .
It does the same thing when it detects a small number of political keywords revealed in the University of Michigan report , including " evil Jiang Zemin , " a negative reference to China 's former president .
Bryan Zhang , manager of Jinhui Computer System Engineering , the program 's main developer , said he did not know its keyword blacklist included non-pornographic terms .
Jinhui developed the program 's image filtering tool , which blocks Web sites when it detects pornographic pictures .
Dazheng Human Language Technology , which contributed the program 's language filter , declined to comment .
The security of the program could also be an issue .
A specially crafted Web address could overrun the buffer the program uses to process URLs , redirect users to malicious sites and take over their computers , according to the U.S. researchers .
That control could be used to drag computers into a botnet , steal personal information or send spam , the report said .
The researchers took less than 12 hours to uncover the flaw and other " serious security vulnerabilities due to programming errors , " the report said .
While those flaws could be easily patched , extensive rewriting would be needed to remove all of the program 's problems , it said .
The software can be turned on or off by users with the parental control password , but uninstalling it does not remove all log files of user activity , according to the report .
Jinhui's
Web site became inaccessible this week after foreign industry executives and Chinese Internet users protested the move to distribute the software .
China is also working to place the software on all computers in Chinese schools .
Advertisements
In her June newsletter to constituents , Missouri State Representative Cynthia Davis extolled the virtues of childhood hunger .
Davis said , “ Hunger can be a positive motivator .
” Tonight on MSNBC ’s Countdown host Keith Olbermann hammered Davis ’ lack of compassion .
Check out the video .
Davis argued that hungry kids should get a job , “ Anyone under 18 can be eligible ?
Ca n’t they get a job during the summer by the time they are 16 ?
Hunger can be a positive motivator .
What is wrong with the idea of getting a job so you can get better meals ?
Tip :
If you work for McDonald ’s , they will feed you for free during your break . ”
Here is Olbermann naming Davis “ The Worst Person in the World ” :
Olbermann said , “ It is embarrassing enough that Cynthia “ Let them eat McDonalds ” Davis is a public servant paid by tax dollars , but she is also the chairwoman of the Missouri house special standing committee on children and families .
It would seem that her advocacy of hunger would disqualify her from that job , and that we’d be better off if she was working at a McDonalds .
Although clearly , she has used , and is using , hunger as a positive motivator , because she seems to have been starving her brain of the recommended daily dosage of intelligence and humanity and oxygen . ”
The only thing that I can add to Keith Olbermann ’s comments is that the poor have always been an easy of blame for many Republicans .
Whether they are trying to impose voting laws that act as a defacto poll tax , or cutting programs to make room for tax cuts , this is standard operating procedure for some Republicans who are always trying to put selfishness ahead of the needs of the community .
Tip : Ctrl +/- to increase / decrease text size
At last week ’s 2009 analyst meeting , Dan Warmenhoven , NetApp ’s CEO , addressed industry pundits at the company ’s Sunnyvale headquarters .
As he did last year , Warmenhoven indicated the firm is doubling down on its bet that pure play storage companies will continue to dominate the field .
This was an interesting topic to us here at Wikibon as we ’ve recently written about EMC ’s prospects in this regard .
NetApp is a $ 3.4B company with 8,000 employees and a good balance sheet .
But it ’s a ‘ tweener ’ in the IT sector .
Not huge like HP and IBM , but much larger than smaller pure plays like 3PAR and Compellent .
In his keynote , Warmenhoven raised the question that he said he ’s frequently asked : “ Who is going to buy NetApp ? ”
His answer is essentially no one , because no company wants to own or can afford to own NetApp .
Warmenhoven put up the following chart in defense of his thesis :
Enterprise IT Supplier Market Caps
The graphic shows the market values of leading IT players and certain potential acquisition candidates .
Here ’s what Warmenhoven said about some of the companies on this list of likely NetApp pursuers .
-EMC would face anti-trust issues .
- Dell – NetApp is too rich for Dell to absorb .
- HP is happy with its existing offerings .
-IBM is already selling NetApp and making good money , why buy the company ?
- Cisco really needs VMware , not NetApp .
As such , says NetApp ’s CEO , the company will remain independent and be a buyer , not a seller .
On balance , Wikibon agrees , perhaps for somewhat different reasons .
With a market cap of between $ 6 - 7B , NetApp in our view is too expensive or not a good fit for prospective buyers .
Here ’s our take on why companies are n’t likely to shell out the $ 8B that would be required to acquire NetApp :
EMC – Too much overlap .
Spending $ 8B to fill a storage virtualization hole makes no sense .
– Too much overlap .
Spending $ 8B to fill a storage virtualization hole makes no sense .
Dell – Oil and water
– Oil and water HP – Unlike Warmenhoven , we do n’t see what HP has to be so happy about with its current offerings .
It resells Hitachi at the high end and the EVA and MSA platforms are un-remarkable .
HP ’s virtualization strategy is fragmented , it ’s software is a marketecture band - aid made to look like a complete solution , and its sales force consistently loses to EMC and NetApp outside the HP base .
Having said that …it appears HP is happy with this position and is more likely to invest in software and services .
– Unlike Warmenhoven , we do n’t see what HP has to be so happy about with its current offerings .
It resells Hitachi at the high end and the EVA and MSA platforms are un-remarkable .
HP ’s virtualization strategy is fragmented , it ’s software is a marketecture band - aid made to look like a complete solution , and its sales force consistently loses to EMC and NetApp outside the HP base .
Having said that …it appears HP is happy with this position and is more likely to invest in software and services .
IBM invests big money in software and services , as that ’s where the company ’s margin and differentiation model thrive .
XIV and Diligent are about as much as Palmisano would allow IBM storage to spend .
invests big money in software and services , as that ’s where the company ’s margin and differentiation model thrive .
XIV and Diligent are about as much as Palmisano would allow IBM storage to spend .
Cisco –
There ’s no overlap with NetApp , and Cisco is building out its stack .
But Cisco ’s objectives are to create a data center stack that can efficiently communicate with resources across the network and become the dominant player in the data center of the future .
Why does Cisco need to pay $ 8B to own proprietary storage technology in its stack ?
It does n’t .
So we 're left agreeing with Warmenhoven , NetApp will remain independent for a while .
NetApp has had a huge run with WAFL ( Write Anywhere File Layout ) .
It has enabled a single - architecture , industry - leading storage virtualization , the industry 's most flexible architecture for a widely installed platform , ease of support for multiple protocols , a single set of software and a # 1 spot in the market for space efficient storage .
The question we have is how much further can NetApp go ?
Are we witnessing a trend similar to the minicomputer days , where the likes of Prime Computer , Wang Labs and Data General , while highfliers in their day , were big but not attractive enough growth prospects to be acquired ( notwithstanding DG ’s smart move to re-invent the company as a storage player and subsequently sell to EMC ) .
How NetApp behaves in the near term depends on whether it wins the battle to acquire Data Domain .
If it succeeds , it will be intensely distracted for 18 months with a weakened balance sheet .
If it loses to EMC , we expect NetApp to go shopping for a solution to help it compete in the backup market .
Maybe acquiring backup software in the portfolio would be a good start .
Action Item : Users should expect NetApp to remain independent for the forseeable future .
NetApp will likely continue to acquire technologies to incrementally improve efficiency but the company is not expected to radically change its fundamental shape in the near - to - mid - term .
Footnotes :
A federal jury on Friday acquitted W.R. Grace & Co. and three of its former officials of charges that they knowingly exposed residents of Libby , Mont. , to asbestos poisoning associated with a mining operation and conspired to hide it .
The verdict brings to an ignominious end one of the most significant criminal prosecutions the government had ever filed against a corporate polluter .
The acquittals raise new questions about prosecutorial failings in the Justice Department , which already was reeling from the dismissal of its corruption case against former Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) .
In Libby , where an estimated 1,200 residents have died or developed cancer or lung disease , the judgment dashed hopes that someone would be held accountable for decades of suffering .
“ We never expected restitution on this , ” said Libby resident Gayla Benefield , who has seen dozens of family members become sick from asbestos exposure .
“ How can you give someone restitution when you ’ve taken their life ?
This was about closure , to finally say , ‘ Yes , this company did this to us , and we can finally get on with our lives . ’
But that did n’t happen , did it ? ”
Advertisement
W.R. Grace still faces civil cases in which residents are seeking compensation for health claims .
For nearly three decades , the Columbia , Md. - based company operated a vermiculite mine in Libby , producing the puffy granules used to insulate attics and aerate gardens .
The vermiculite contained cancer - causing asbestos fibers that could lodge in the lungs .
The material posed a risk for not just the mine workers and their families , but the entire town :
The high school running track and community ice - skating rink both were built with asbestos - laden mine tailings .
And prosecutors said that Grace executives should be held accountable for continuing to expose residents to a substance the company knew could kill them in order to keep making money .
It took the jury little more than a day to reach its verdict , after an 11 - week trial during which U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy told the prosecution that he found one of its star witnesses to be not believable .
The government , he suggested , had brought a case whose scope was far larger than what prosecutors were prepared to pursue and prove at trial .
Advertisement
“ Poor planning and incompetence are common threads throughout the government ’s [ conduct ] . . . dating back to the beginning of the case , ” the judge wrote in an order last month .
Though failing to find prosecutorial misconduct , Molloy said that Justice Department lawyers had withheld key information that would have undermined the credibility of former Grace executive Robert H. Locke ’s testimony .
At least one juror was in tears as the verdict was read .
The defense had argued that after W.R. Grace bought the vermiculite processing plant in 1963 , it worked for years to clean up a facility with a bad record of asbestos contamination .
“ There ’s a lot of people up in Montana , Libby in particular , who certainly had their lives adversely affected by the whole chain of events .
But those [ problems ] . . . go back , and I ’m not exaggerating , 50 , 60 years , ” said Jack Wolter , a former vice president of Grace ’s construction products division who was among those acquitted Friday .
Advertisement
“ They and their families were exposed at levels that were well over a thousand times higher than what is required by regulations today . . . and there ’s no question they suffered immensely .
. . .
But that ’s not what the trial was about , ” he said .
Henry Eschenbach , Grace ’s former director of health , safety and toxicology , and Robert Bettacchi , who helped oversee the dismantling and sale of Grace ’s processing plant and vermiculite mine , also were acquitted .
Charges against two other former executives were dismissed during the trial at the request of prosecutors .
A sixth defendant , O. Mario Favorito , who was Grace ’s in - house counsel , is scheduled to be tried on a conspiracy charge later this year .
Justice Department officials issued a brief statement Friday , saying that “ the jury has spoken , and we thank them for their service . ”
From the start , government prosecutors faced a difficult hurdle :
With statutes of limitations preventing criminal charges for any negligence that may have occurred in the mine ’s early years , they had to prove that Grace officials knowingly allowed Libby residents to be exposed decades later to the lingering effects of the hazardous material and kept adverse health studies a secret .
Advertisement
“ This case is about a company that mined and manufactured a hazardous product , and individual executives that chose profits at the expense of people ’s health , and chose avoiding liability over disclosing the health hazard to the government , ” Assistant U.S. Atty .
Kris McLean told the jury .
Kevin Holewinsky , a former Justice Department environmental prosecutor , said the government should have dismissed the case once it became apparent that it was n’t holding together .
“ The proof that the government relied on was this former employee , Robert Locke , who left the company on not very favorable terms and -- based on evidence that was disclosed during trial -- had a very close relationship with government agents and had a seeming interest [ in the outcome of ] the case , ” Holewinsky said .
“ Locke went down in flames , and so did the government ’s case . ”
Though Locke had been presented as an independent witness , he had worked closely with federal investigators and been offered immunity .
During the trial , Molloy said that Locke “ came as close as I would ever want to see to perjury . ”
Advertisement
The judge also scoffed at prosecutors ’ claim that they had “ a thousand balls in the air ” and had failed to turn over exculpatory e-mails to the defense out of oversight , not ill intent .
But by then neither side wanted a mistrial .
The issue of Locke ’s credibility was left for the jury to decide .
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Gordon Brown yesterday endorsed radical measures to put a revived parliament back at the centre of British political life , in a reform package designed to revive his flagging constitutional agenda and restore MPs ' lost credibility .
The prime minister set out ideas to curb the power of whips and surrender to MPs important controls over the way Westminster business is conducted .
In future , MPs would elect all select committees , take control of the Commons ' business programme , and be given a greater chance to introduce legislation .
Brown has asked one of parliament 's biggest advocates of reform , the Labour MP Tony Wright , to chair a quick all - party inquiry into parliament .
It will examine :
• How parliament can be strengthened in its scrutiny of the government .
• How Westminster connects with the public .
• How control of parliament 's daily business can be wrestled away from the government and its whips .
Wright , chair of the all - party public administration select committee , made the suggestion of a " new special committee of authoritative reform - minded MPs " in a private letter to Brown on 1 June , saying his ideas would not threaten the government 's legislative programme , but " would help make a more vital Commons from which other reforms would flow " .
A number of the measures under consideration have been championed in the Guardian 's A New Politics debate .
Wright argues , in common with other MPs , that the expenses scandal and lack of respect for parliament stemmed partly from the fact that the role of MPs trying to hold the government to account had been reduced to one of " heckling a steamroller " .
The announcement on reform came on the day Brown received some good news as the first increase in industrial output in more than a year signalled the economy was recovering from the sharpest slump since the second world war .
Wright told the Guardian he did not know how long his committee would take to complete its work , but its proposals are likely to dovetail with the election of a more reform - minded Speaker , such as the Conservative MP John Bercow .
The former foreign secretary Margaret Beckett announced yesterday that she was joining the crowded field for the Speakership once an election is triggered by the stepping down of Michael Martin , widely blamed by MPs for the expenses scandal .
Conservative MP
Ann Widdecombe today also announced her decision to run with her aim being to " clean up the place " and connect with the public .
Government sources said they had partly picked up Wright 's proposal after MPs found themselves unable to table a motion of no confidence in the Speaker unless the government tabled the motion .
The aim would be to give MPs far more time to force debates and meaningful votes , while ensuring there was enough time for the debate of government bills .
Jack Straw , the justice secretary , wants Wright 's committee to look at the possibility of using well - supported public e-­petitions on specific issues as a way of requiring MPs to hold debates on issues that matter to voters .
" We need to find a way of ending the distance between MPs and the public , and this may be it , " he said .
Until now the government has refused to provide funding for the project .
The communities minister , Shahid Malik , was yesterday facing fresh questions over his expenses claims only a day after the new independent system of inquiry into compliance with the ministers ' code of conduct had given him a clear bill of health .
The inquiry had been conducted by Sir Philip Mawer .
Malik was facing questions over why he was claiming money from the taxpayers ' office costs allowance to fund an office in his constituency home in Dewsbury when he was making claims for his office costs elsewhere in his constituency at the same time .
Malik was also making a claim for a home in London , to which he was entitled , so long as it was designated as his second home .
Number 10 will be concerned if its new thorough independent review into compliance with the ministerial code failed to pick up any wrongdoing .
Downing Street had initially refused to publish its inquiry into the initial allegations against Malik , but changed its mind yesterday .
David Cameron said the prime minister 's proposals were a smokescreen to distract attention from Brown 's loss of authority , and used prime minister 's questions to call for an immediate general election .
The Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , urged Brown to cancel the Commons ' 72 - day summer break to ensure the reforms are in place by the autumn .
Brown , scrambling to assemble a more radical final year agenda , is in a race against time to revive his becalmed constitutional reform programme .
Legislation will be rushed through parliament to end Westminster 's system of self - regulation and impose a new code of conduct on MPs in the wake of the expenses scandal .
The prime minister also proposed legislation to introduce a largely elected second chamber , but skirted around plans to make the attorney general independent of the government .
In a sign of the seismic shifts in Labour thinking , Tom Watson , the former Cabinet Office minister and one of Brown 's closest allies , writing in the Guardian today , calls for a move towards an alternative vote system to " help rebuild the trust and authority given to our elected representatives " .
It seems like it was just yesterday .
The phone rang and our realtor gleefully said , ” You ’ve got the house , they took your offer . ”
As I sit here and think about it I can only think of a couple events that pumped my body full of so much joy ; saying “ I do ” to my beautiful bride and the births of my nieces and nephews to name a few ( No kids of my own yet , I know I ’m getting old ) .
The pride and joy of becoming a homeowner was n’t short lived but the lessons learned from purchasing and living in my first home will be etched in my memory for the rest of my life .
I hope the following lessons I ’ve learned help keep you from falling into the same predicaments that I faced .
1. ) Mortgage Brokers , Lenders , Loan Officers , etc …
This is going to piss some people off but it has to be said , they can not be trusted .
I do n’t care if it ’s a second cousin who ’s getting you the loan , do not trust them .
Treat them like you would a stranger in your home .
At this point with a home purchase , a refinance , and a second mortgage I have adequate experience to tell you to be very wary of anything they tell you .
Always read the fine print .
I ’ve only had one pleasant experience with a lender and he was in fact a friend of the family but do n’t think for one second that I let my guard down .
2. ) Home Inspection –
It ’s not a good idea , it ’s a GREAT idea !
Do n’t skimp out on this .
When we purchased our home we opted to save the money and my dad and I did the inspection .
No offense but dad , YOU’RE FIRED .
( As am I ) Everything looked great but boy were we wrong .
Duct Work for the HVAC ( Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning ) :
If we had paid a home inspector we would have likely saved $ 1,400.00 in HVAC work .
After having our heat pump serviced three times within the first 18 months we started wondering why ?
The answer was simple , the individual who installed the unit was a pathetic , unintelligent , low - ball , piece of garbage .
Okay that may be a bit harsh but this SOB cost me $ 1,400.00 and counting .
What did he do wrong ?
Our two ton heat pump required 16 ” flex duct work from the intake / filter in the house all the way to the outside unit .
( 50 ft away )
This genius installed 14 ” flex duct the entire way which choked my system and forced it to work harder than it needed to .
( Causing the repeated service calls for replacing capacitors ) .
His ingenuity did n’t stop there , he also screwed up on the exhaust side ( The duct work that sends air into the house ) of the system .
The exhaust line was supposed to be truncated from 16 ” to 14 ” to 12 ” to insure proper air distribution and pressure .
This guy installed 14 ” duct work .
I wish that ’s all he did wrong but it ’s not .
He also made some horrible transition pieces that connected the duct work directly to the outside unit without any kind of metal extension .
I know that sounds confusing but it ’s a major fire hazard and someone ’s house in our sub-division had caught on fire for this very reason a few months prior .
Moral of the story : Pay for an inspection !
Builders tend to use the cheapest installers they can find .
( I know there are some good builders out there )
3. ) Wiring – Electrical
Depending on where you live you may or may not have building codes that require electrical wiring to be routed and installed in a particular manor .
One thing we overlooked was the mess of wiring in our attic .
The professional and safe way to run wiring is to secure each romex cable every 12 to 36 inches with a staple or other approved method .
As you can see our wiring is a webbed mess of wire with none of them securely fastened to the houses structure ( Except for the additions I ’ve made ) .
4. ) Drainage – Water Concerns
Again this is dependent on where you live and what kind of home you have but you should always be aware of the effect water can have on your home .
We purchased our home with no form of drainage other than the water shoots that come off of our main gutters .
In addition to the that we also have a sloping lot that I have had to slightly re-work several times to keep the water from entering our foundation .
We had an event that had me stressing out more than my dad after working a fifteen hour day only to come home to babysit all of the grand kids .
We started seeing cracks in our homes foundation !
I ’m not talking small surface cracks I ’m talking major cracks , some of which went through both sides of the bricks .
After getting two different estimates / opinions my mind was put at ease thanks to the credible , professional , and courteous information I received from Olshans Foundation Repair .
I ca n’t say the same for B - Dry who attempted to extort me for nearly 20 k for a problem that did n’t exist .
I understand times were getting rough at the time of his estimate but to claim I needed upwards of 16 piers drilled down and installed to keep my homes foundation from falling apart was absurd .
It ’s now been nearly two years and I our foundation is perfectly fine .
Of course along with the help of my neighbor we sealed and repaired all of the cracks .
It turns out that out foundation was just reacting to the initial settling that many homes go through in the first couple of years after being built .
This does n’t mean that the moisture detected under our house was n’t a concern but it did mean that I could start breathing again and my heart rate could drop a bit .
Moral of this story :
Be alert to any possible drainage problems and keep an eye on your foundation .
Also , Call Olshans if you ever have any doubt .
5. ) Roofing and the Universal Excuse
This was one of the more upsetting problems we discovered with our home ; tar paper .
I did n’t even think to look because it ’s presumed that anyone who has any common sense lays tar paper down as a moisture barrier / membrane before installing the roofing shingles .
However , as houses started going up all around us I started noticing a trend , I did n’t see any of these roofers installing tar paper .
In every instance they were nailing the roofing shingles down straight on the plywood .
After prying up one of my shingles I made the discovery ; there was n’t any tar paper on our roof .
Even if you catch something like this before you sign the papers it ’s more than likely a deal breaker .
I do n’t know a single builder who would pull the roof shingles off and start over from square one .
What are we really talking about here ?
No more than a couple hundred dollars of material ( tar paper ) and they are willing to compromise the life span and integrity of the roof to save a handful of change .
The universal excuse I heard in reply to my questioning the lack of tar paper was , ” We do n’t need tar paper in this climate . ”
Really ?
You do n’t need a moisture barrier in an area where there is plenty of moisture and humidity ?
It obviously was n’t cost effective for us to replace the entire roof so I did the next best thing and installed an attic ventilator .
The ventilator is a powerful fan that activates once a preset temperature or humidity point is reached in an effort to dispose of heat and damaging humidity / moisture .
To be continued !
TEHRAN 
An eerie stillness has settled over this normally frenetic city .
In less anxious times , the streets are clogged with honking cars and cranky commuters .
But on Saturday , drives that normally last 45 minutes took just a third of the time , and shops were mainly empty .
Even Tehran ’s beauty salons , normally hives of activity , had few customers ; at one , bored workers fussed over one another ’s hair .
People who did venture out said they were dispirited by the upheaval that has shaken this country over the two weeks since the contested presidential election , and worried they would get caught up in the brutal government crackdown of dissent that has followed .
Even in areas of the city not known for liberal politics , the sense of frustration , and despair , was palpable .
Those who accuse the government of stealing the election said they had lost the hope for change they had during the protests that drew tens of thousands of people into Tehran ’s streets .
But others also confessed to feeling depressed .
One staunch supporter of the incumbent president , who the government says won in a landslide , said he was distressed by the street protests and the crackdown that , by official counts , claimed more than 20 lives .
Comedian Frank Mirahmadi Calls Entire Horse Race Using Impressions : Video
Comedian & impressionist Frank Mirahmadi doubles as the announcer at Turf Paradise in Phoenix , Arizona .
During the recent Hasta La Vista Handicap , Mirahmadi called the entire race using impressions , almost 2 dozen different people in all .
Some of the impressions are definitely spot on , others less so , and others might be spot on if you ’re 70 years old and have any idea who the people are .
Here ’s the complete list of impressions Mirahmadi did during the call of the race :
Marv Albert
Tony Calo
Mark Johnson
Richard Grunder
Michael Wrona
Larry Collmus
Keith Jones
Dick Stockton
Jack Buck
Hank Stram
Phil Georgeff
Dave Johnson
Robert DeNiro
Marlon Brando
Andy Rooney
D. Wayne Lukas
Mike Battaglia
Vic Stauffer
Rodney Dangerfield
Trevor Denman
Ed Burgart
With Frank Caliendo losing much of his material due to John Madden & George W. Bush disappearing from the spotlight , as well as losing his job with Frank TV , let ’s hope he does n’t see this and get any bright ideas .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
“ Never underestimate the web , ” says Google VP of Engineering Vic Gundotra in his keynote at Google I /O this morning .
He goes on to tell the story of a meeting he remembers when he was VP of Platform Evangelism at Microsoft five years ago .
“ We believed that web apps would never rival desktop apps .
There was this small company called Keyhole , which made this most fantastic geo-visualization software for Windows .
This was the kind of software we always used to prove to ourselves that there were things that could never be done on the web . ”
A few months later , Google acquired Keyhole , and shortly thereafter released Google Maps with satellite view .
“ We knew then that the web had won , ” he said .
“ What was once thought impossible is now commonplace . ”
Google does n’t want to repeat that mistake , and as a result , he said , “ we ’re betting big on HTML 5 . ”
Vic pointed out that the rate of browser innovation is accelerating , with new browser releases nearly every other month .
The slide below , from early in Vic ’s talk , shows the progress towards the level of UI functionality found in desktop apps through adoption of HTML 5 features in browsers .
This looks like one of Clayton Christensen ’s classic “ disruptive innovation vs sustaining innovation ” graphs .
It ’s also fascinating to see how mobile browsers are in the forefront of the innovation .
While the entire HTML 5 standard is years or more from adoption , there are many powerful features available in browsers today .
In fact , five key next - generation features are already available in the latest ( sometimes experimental ) browser builds from Firefox , Opera , Safari , and Google Chrome .
( Microsoft has announced that it will support HTML 5 , and as Vic noted , “ We eagerly await evidence of that . ” )
Here ’s Vic ’s HTML 5 scorecard :
During his keynote , Vic was joined on stage by Jay Sullivan , VP of Mobile at Mozilla and Michael Abbot , the SVP in charge of application software and services at Palm .
Both showed their own commitment to working with HTML 5 .
Jay expressed Mozilla ’s commitment to keeping the web open : “ Anything should be hackable ; anything should be scriptable .
We need to get out of plugin prison . ”
Javascript rendering in Firefox 3.5 is 10 x faster than in Firefox 2 , with support for video , offline storage , web workers , and geolocation .
Michael showed how Palm ’s WebOS relies on HTML 5 .
“ You as a developer do n’t need to leave your prior knowledge at the door to develop for the phone . ”
He demonstrates the power of CSS transformations to provide UI effects ; he shows how the calendar app is drawn with Canvas , how bookmarks and history are kept in an HTML 5 database .
Michael emphasized the importance of standardization , but also suggested that we need new extensions to HTML 5 , for example , to support events from the accelerometer in the phone .
Palm has had to run out ahead of the standards in this area .
If you ’re like me , you had no idea there was so much HTML 5 already in play .
When I checked in with my editors at O’Reilly , the general consensus was that HTML 5 is n’t going to be ready till 2010 .
Sitepoint , another leading publisher on web technology , recently sent out a poll to their experts and came to the same conclusion .
Yet Google , Mozilla , and Palm gave us all a big whack upside the head this morning .
As Shakespeare said , “ The hot blood leaps over the cold decree . ”
The technology is here even if the standards committees have n’t caught up .
Developers are taking notice of these new features , and are n’t waiting for formal approval .
That ’s as it should be .
As Dave Clark described the philosophy of the IETF with regard to internet standardization , “ We reject : kings , presidents , and voting .
We believe in : rough consensus and running code . ”
Support by four major browsers adds up to “ rough consensus ” in my book .
We ’re seeing running code at Google I/O , and I ’d imagine the 4000 developers in attendance will soon be producing a lot more .
So I think we ’re off to the races .
As Vic said to me in an interview yesterday morning , “ The web has not seen this level of transformation , this level of acceleration , in the past ten years . ”
Vic ends the HTML 5 portion of his keynote with hints of an announcement tomorrow : “ Do n’t be late for the keynote tomorrow morning . ”
Additional Resources
Here is a convenient list of the HTML 5 demo apps shown in the keynote this morning .
Be sure to look at the page source for each of the applications .
New developer features in Firefox 3.5
To learn more about these HTML 5 features , check out these tutorials from the Opera , Mozilla , Palm , and Google teams ( plus a few others ) :
Canvas :
HTML 5 Canvas : The Basics
Painting with HTML 5 Canvas
Video : A Call for Video on the Web
HTML 5 Video Examples
Geolocation : Track User Geolocation with Javascript
Web cache and database :
Palm WebOS HTML 5 DataBase Storage
HTML 5 Features in Latest iPhone Applications
Gmail for Mobile : Using AppCache to Launch Offline
Web workers :
Using DOM Workers
Description
Inlining is a form of partial evaluation [ 1 ] .
Code
The code requires the [ Metalua 0.5 ] ( development branch ) .
It consists of these files :
[ dmlib/sourceoptimizer.mlua ] - library module ( in Metalua )
[ sourceoptimize.lua ] - command line utility
[ test_sourceoptimizer.lua ] - test suite
Quick Start
Download tar file from http://github.com/fab13n/metalua/tree/0.5-branch . tar xzvf fab13n - metalua-28e8e1037ab33d96c123667f4c3fc94b5aca83bc.tar.gz mv fab13n- metalua-28e8e1037ab33d96c123667f4c3 fc94b5 aca83bc metalua cd metalua && make Download sourceoptimizer .mlua and place in metalua / build / lib / dmlib .
Download sourceoptimize.lua and place in metalua / .
Download fib.lua example and place in metalua / .
./build/bin/metalua sourceoptimize.lua fib.lua # or ./build/bin/metalua sourceoptimize.lua fib.lua | lua -
Examples
This is a basic example :
local y= - 1 local function square ( x ) return x*x end local function g( x ) return x >= 0 and square ( square ( x ) ) + 1 or 1 end while ( function ( ) y = g (y ) ^( 1/4 ) return y < 2 end ) ( ) do print ( y ) end local y = - 1 while 1 do local __v13 x = y local __v10 = 0 <= __v13 x if __v10 then local __v12 x = __v13 x local __v14x = __v12 x * __v12 x __v10 = __v14 x * __v14 x + 1 end local __v11 = __v10 if not __v11 then __v11 = 1 end y = __v11 ^ ( 1 / 4 ) if not (y < 2 ) then break end print ( y ) end
Examples of inlining some of the Lua examples ( after adding " local " before function names , which is required for inlining ) are below :
Capability Notes
The code will inline anonymous functions that are immediately evaluated :
x= ( function ( x ) return x*x end ) ( y ( ) )
and local functions that are " constant " ( function variable never modified ) :
local function square( x ) return x*x end ; x=square (y ( ) )
It eliminates dead functions , such as functions that are fully inlined ( as above ) .
It correctly performs transformations to convert expressions into statements :
x = y or ( function ( x ) z=1 return x*x end ) ( w )
if ( function ( ) x=x + 1 return x end ) ( ) then f( ) elseif ( function ( ) y=y + 1 return y end ) ( ) then g( ) else h() end
Functions that use setfenv and stack levels with the debug library might not inline correctly .
This potentially could occur on access to any global variable :
local function f( ) local _ = x end f()
In theory we should not inline the above function since the access to global variable x " might " trigger a metatable on the global environment , which in turn might alter the environment of f , so inlining f would alter the environment of f 's caller .
( Environments will not be an issue anymore in LuaFiveTwo , but some debug functions still utilize stack levels . )
Ideally , the translator should be extended to support pragmas inside Lua comments that define how aggressive we want to inline :
local function f( ) local _ = x end f()
This could be on a per-function basis or can be a more global default setting in the file .
( See luaanalyze in LuaFish for suggested syntax design . )
See source code of sourceoptimizer .
mlua for further details .
Limitations
Warning : may not work correctly for odd cases where inlined function uses setfenv or debug functions that utilize stack levels ( see above ) .
The getfenv / setfenv issue will be less significant in LuaFiveTwo .
Possible Applications
Avoid manually inlining functions for optimization ( OptimisationTips ) .
Refactoring
Optimize code before sending to LuaToCee .
Optimize automatically generated Lua code from source preprocessors , including MetaLua and token filters .
( Use native Lua byte code generator to expand Metalua ` Stat nodes ? )
Does LuaJIT 2.x do something similar ?
LuaList:2009-02/msg00411.html
Possible Extensions
Replace " for i , v in ipairs ( t ) do " with " local __t=t ; for i=1 , #__t do local v=__t [ i ] " ( typically more efficient ) .
Only do if ipairs not redefined in file .
But allow " local ipairs = ipairs " .
" with " " ( typically more efficient ) .
Only do if not redefined in file .
But allow " " .
Remove dead code , e.g. " if false then ... end "
" Add option to preserve line numbers to the reduce impact on debugging information .
LuaList:2010-06/msg00311.html
Author
DavidManura
The American space agency 's acting administrator , Chris Scolese , told lawmakers on Wednesday that NASA would most likely not engage in efforts of constructing a permanent scientific base on the Moon .
The official 's statements left to be understood that the agency would rather orient its efforts towards missions to Mars , or maybe even on near - Earth asteroids , such as Vesta .
The Ceres dwarf planet could also be included in the space exploration program , as could several of Jupiter 's and Saturn 's moons , such as Europa , Titan and Enceladus .
The statements came as a blow to the astronautic community , which expected the US agency to spearhead the efforts for a permanent lunar base .
“ We were looking at an outpost on the moon , as the basis for that [ 2020 ] estimate and that one is being revisited .
It will probably be less than an outpost on the moon , but where it fits between sorties , single trips , to the moon to various parts and an outpost is really going to be dependent on the studies that we 're going to be doing .
Recall the Vision was not just to go to the moon as it was in Apollo , it was to utilize space to go on to Mars and to go to other places .
We 've demonstrated over the last several years that with multiple flights we can build a very complex system reliably – the space station – involving multiple nations , and we 'll need something like that if we 're going to go to Mars , ” Scolese said .
“ So what I would like to see from NASA over time is an architecture that …will give us flexibility for taking humans beyond low - Earth orbit and allowing us to have options for what we can do at the moon as well as other destinations (...)
Mars or an asteroid ( ...) so that there are options on what we do in 2020 , ” he told the Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , Science , and Related Agencies of the House Committee on Appropriations .
However , the acting administrator 's deposition left the chairman of the subcommittee in the dark , NewScientist reports .
“ Does the 2010 budget request impact in any way our target – is this so complicated – our target of getting to the moon by 2020 ?
Is there any consideration being given within the organisation to not attempting to meet the 2020 moon [ deadline ] ?
Is there any reconsideration of going there ?
What is going on here ? ” congressman Alan Mollohan asked .
NASA 's Associate Administrator for Exploration Systems , Doug Cooke , replied that no changes in the agency 's schedule had yet been made , but that experts were still analyzing the impact of the 2010 budget on the 2020 objectives .
Over the last few years , NASA has accelerated its efforts of returning astronauts to the Moon , and has since set 2020 as the year in which this objective is to come true at last .
For this very end , the agency has funded the Constellation Project , aimed at providing the US with a versatile launch delivery system array , as well as with two crew vehicles , able to take people to the Moon or even to Mars .
The array includes the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle rocket , ARES I , as well as the ultra - heavy ARES V lift system , able to deliver more than a hundred metric tons of cargo to orbit .
Für alle Kinderschutzverbände , die es verpasst haben , rechtzeitig auf den Empörungszug zur RTL - Reality - Show „ Erwachsen auf Probe “ aufzuspringen , hätte ich folgendes Alternativobjekt , das auch ein bisschen Wutschaum verdient hätte :
Es stammt von der Homepage der Firma „ Joker Productions “ , die unter anderem die RTL - Unterschichten - Reihe „ Mitten im Leben “ mit üblem Trash versorgt .
( Ich weiß nicht , wie es Ihnen geht , aber ich war erstaunt , wie viele Aggressionen so ein Smiley bei mir auslösen kann . )
" Stu-dennnt ! "
Bill called out for Gary with the level of respect Gary had become accustomed to , in a tone not unlike Superintendent Chalmers 's calling for Principal Skinner .
" Is this ... decaf ‽ "
Gary had grown numb to the lack of respect .
He used to remind himself that this was his first job out of college , that he 'd eventually earn Bill 's respect , that if he just kept his chin up and proved himself then someday Bill would treat him like an equal .
Over time , that inner voice gave up .
Bill was the type of abuser that not only did n't realize he was abusive – he thought he was being good to Gary .
He 'd describe at length how generous he was to give Gary , a recent college graduate , such a great opportunity , and that he'd put a lot of faith in a simple student , blah blah blah .
Always with the same nauseating grin .
Bill would often flash a similar grin at the ladies around the office – the cute receptionist , the DBA that always wore low - cut shirts , and the vixen that he'd often spot outside a conference room .
He posessed a natural talent for making the most innocent sentence make him sound like a complete lech ( " Oh yeah , I 'll file that report " ) .
Gary imagined him having a closet full of leisure suits for non -work time .
Regardless of where Gary would wind up at the company which we 'll call " HTech " , he'd have to deal with one of the three management types ( The Three " B "s )
Bouncers – these managers have never made a wrong decision .
To be more specific , they 've never made any decisions , opting to bounce the choice to someone else .
Blamers – those that have maybe made some wrong decisions , but would always point the finger at the newest team member .
Bill was a Blamer .
Buffoons – those that have made nothing but wrong decisions .
And for whatever reason , they never had to answer for them .
These people probably had naked pictures of their managers or something .
Gary had worked with all three types , but Blamer Bill was the worst .
So when word came down that HTech was going to send someone to the far east for three months to work with the new offshore team , Gary jumped at the opportunity to get out of the office .
Later , Bill announced that he was going to go , which was the next best thing – either way , there would be ten thousand miles between them .
With a red marker , Gary crossed off the days until Bill 's departure , until the day finally came .
" Student !
Here 're my keys , you 're taking me to the airport . "
Gary had a hard time holding back a smile driving Bill to the airport while Bill detailed how great he was .
" I 'm going to meet some nice girls out east .
Maybe I 'll even bring one back for you , student !
HAW haw haw ! "
" One last thing , student , " Bill said , struggling with his bags as he got out of the car .
" I 've made a note of the mileage .
It 's 22 miles back to the office , do n't be tempted to use the car while I 'm gone . "
Super Productive
With Bill out of the office , Gary was enjoying the ability to finally get work done , in peace , while being treated like a fellow human from the other staff .
The office had been transformed into an oasis of productivity – so much so that Gary finished all his work in just a few days and had time to review some of Bill 's work .
Tracing the code with his fingertips , he made a discovery .
So we 're using this variable , converting to an int here , and ...
Gary 's stomach twisted , and his throat dried .
He was in utter disbelief .
Bill had screwed up .
The careless conversion of a decimal to an int in this instance made the function he was reviewing always return zero .
In a module dealing with money .
This huge no - no would 've been identified by unit tests ... once they got around to creating the unit tests , anyway .
This was eating at Gary when he was in a meeting with the execs later that afternoon ; a meeting that was meant to address a major defect in the system that had recently been discovered .
The long cherrywood table in the maroon conference room did n't have a single scuff .
The executives sat silently , looking daggers at Gary .
Despite the pent up hatred for Bill , Gary 's conscience kept telling him to be the bigger man .
Do n't throw Bill under the bus .
" We understand some of the financial calculations are incorrect ... " came a low morticianesque voice from across the table .
" We do n't like ' incorrect . ' "
* gulp * THIS is the error they wanted to discuss ?
I did n't know anyone had found it yet !
And again , he kept reminding himself : do n't sail Bill down the river .
Again a booming voice demanded " This is something you worked on , correct ? "
" Well , y ... "
Gary fidgeted in his chair making the leather squeak .
Gary cleared his throat .
" No , that was done by Bi ... another developer . "
" WHAT other developer ‽ " Gary sat in silence again for several moments , finally admitting that it had been Bill .
That was a terrible mistake .
Paying the Piper
" Stu-dennnt ! "
Bill was fuming when he got back into town the following week , with bulging neck veins that looked ready to burst in a shower of red .
Teeth clenched , he hammered out a probation notice for Gary , clutching it with a heavy , sweaty fist from the printer , and then dragging Bill into a meeting with HR so quickly that Bill 's feet barely touched the ground .
" How DARE you ‽ "
Bill 's face was a mixture of shock , disbelief , and blind rage .
How could Gary , a junior , have the gall to not take the fall .
" You 're going to sign this , " he yelled , slamming the crinkled paper on the table with a thud , sending the pen flying .
Gary froze like a deer in headlights , hoping that by some miracle Bill 's vision was based on movement .
" PICK IT THE F–CK UP , " Bill demanded , his voice cracking on the four letter word .
Gary eyed the sheet dubiously to the whistling of Bill deeply inhaling and exhaling from his nose .
Blah blah blah ... disciplinary action starting with termination and possible legal action ... blah blah blah ... immediate surrender of future pay in the case of future errors ... blah blah blah ... waiver of rights to sue if Bill f–cking strangles you to death ...
Your typical legalese .
In American , one more slip - up in the next 30 days and Gary would be terminated , and possibly sued .
Gary felt about two feet tall as he watched Bill carve his signature the form .
It 'll blow over soon , Gary reassured himself .
Bill will have to head back out to see the offshore team in a few months .
Alone Again
Time heals most wounds , and things had gotten more or less back to normal after a few weeks .
Bill was out east again , and his mind turned to things a man 's mind often turns to .
Bill had recently suffered a bit of a dry spell ; he needed a woman 's touch .
Problem was , Bill 's game was a little shaky .
His usual techniques were n't working , and with each passing day his appetite grew .
Ultimately , he had to do something he'd done a few times on his previous trip – seek professional assistance , if you know what I mean .
From professionals in the oldest profession , if you 're hearing what I 'm screaming .
The profession where they do n't let you kiss them on the lips , if you 're picking up what I 'm throwing down .
Somehow , in the first few days of his trip , Bill contracted a condition .
And since we 're all adults here , I wo n't pussyfoot around this – his deedledoo was crawling with gremlins and it would burn whenever he tinkled .
The poor guy .
Gary had a hard time feigning sympathy while Bill described his condition .
In fact , Gary had a hard time staying focused on the conversation , so much so that he ( let 's say ) accidentally conferenced in line 10 .
The department 's intercom .
Unbeknownst to Bill , he described his condition to most of the staff .
" The doctor says the antibiotics will stop the infection down there , so I should have an easier time peeing in the next couple of days .
The trouble was that it was n't my usual girl this time . "
I 'll leave it up to the reader to decide whether this endeared him to the cute receptionist , the DBA with the low - cut shirts , or the conference room vixen .
Gary 's life now complete , he tendered his resignation that very day with a smile on his face .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
An aircraft flying from Germany to Washington with 261 people on board was diverted on Friday to Boston after a female passenger complained of flu - like symptoms , an airport official said .
United Airlines flight 903 landed at Boston ’s Logan International Airport and a medical team planned to board the aircraft , said Massachusetts Port Authority spokesman Phil Orlandella .
Health authorities are on alert for sufferers of a new H1N1 flu strain that has killed up to 176 people in Mexico and raised fears of a global epidemic .
Worldwide , 13 countries have confirmed cases .
Almost all infections outside Mexico have been mild , and only a handful of patients have required hospital treatment .
An international coalition of consumer groups has issued a resolution calling into question global enforcement policy and offering core principles for policymakers to consider in setting new enforcement standards .
The Trans Atlantic Consumer Dialogue on 18 June issued the resolution on the enforcement of copyright , trademarks , patents and other intellectual property rights .
The TACD is a trade advisory body to the European Union and United States government , and brings together 80 member organisations from those regions , claiming a direct paid - up membership of some 20 million consumers .
The resolution calls for a halt to the plurilateral negotiation of an Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) led by the United States , until the negotiating texts are made available to consumer groups and other conditions are met .
TACD wants future negotiations to be respectful of civil liberties such as the right to privacy and also demands the inclusion of developing countries in ACTA negotiations as the stated intention is to extend and apply the treaty to them .
The resolution offers recommendations to ensure IP enforcement policies and practices address issues such as transparency , evidence and process , competitiveness , consumer protection , human rights , access to knowledge , and digital rights .
The resolution reflects discussions TACD had with representatives from the EU and the US government on 9 June , during the TACD 10th annual meeting in Brussels ( IPW , Enforcement , 11 June 2009 ) .
But the resolution was released for the first time on 18 June and forms part of a larger effort by TACD to push back on the IP rights enforcement issues , according to consumer representatives .
The resolution comes at a time when governments in Europe and North America are considering a wide range of new global standards for IP enforcement .
Among those new norms are ACTA , new customs procedures through the World Customs Organization ( WCO ) , anti-counterfeiting measures at the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , World Trade Organization ( WTO ) disputes over enforcement , and proposals in Europe for “ graduated response ” penalties and other internet filtering solutions .
It also includes EU directives and bills pending before the US Congress and other countries to further strengthen IP enforcement , bilateral trade agreements , and unilateral trade sanctions by the EU and the US .
“ All those with an interest in public health need to be very worried about the intellectual property enforcement agenda , ” Sophie Bloemen of Health Action International ( HAI ) , a TACD member , said in a statement along with 10 other groups .
“ Some of the enforcement initiatives developed under the guise of ‘ anti- counterfeiting ’ moves will in reality hamper the legitimate trade in generics and as a result pose a serious threat to access to essential medicines in developing countries . ”
“ The global push by incumbent multinational corporations for lopsided regulation to protect their business models negotiated behind closed doors is undermining public confidence in the important fight to protect consumers against counterfeiting and piracy , ” said Eddan Katz of the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , another TACD member .
“ We call for responsible policymaking on IP enforcement based on empirical evidence and meaningful public debate , especially at this pivotal moment of technological innovation .
The future of the knowledge economy for the benefit of many rather than the few is what is at stake in the wrong direction now taken by our trade negotiators . ”
According to Anne-Catherine Lorrain of the TACD secretariat , the organisation will be scheduling meetings with various US and EU agencies , EU members of parliament and US congressional members to follow up on the resolution recommendations .
One million dollars is a huge amount of money .
For a relatively young non-profit , a million dollars is even bigger .
On June 9 , at an economic conference in Montreal , the non-profit organization Colorado - based Trees , Water and People ( TWP ) was awarded the Rio Tinto Prize for Sustainability .
Rio Tinto , a leading mining group based in the UK , awards the $ 1 million dollar Rio Tinto Prize annually in an effort to recognize and reward non-profit , civil society and non-government organizations for their significant contributions towards economic , environmental and social sustainability .
TWP focuses on preserving the North and South American natural reserves and wetlands through education and reforestation .
TWP also deals with watershed protection and renewable energy to help maintain the wildlife and vegetation in these Central American and American West areas .
Not surprisingly , there 's a Peace Corps connection to this story .
In fact , three !
Before co-founding TWP , International Director Stuart Conway ( pcitured ) worked in the Peace Corps and served for eight years as the Director of the Washington D.C. - based New Forests Project .
During that time , Stuart initiated reforestation and watershed protection projects in Central America , Africa , and the Philippines .
( pcitured ) worked in the Peace Corps and served for eight years as the Director of the Washington D.C. - based .
During that time , Stuart initiated reforestation and watershed protection projects in Central America , Africa , and the Philippines .
Director of Watershed Protection Jim Webster joined TWP in 2007 .
He received his undergraduate degree from Duke University and worked for the Peace Corps in Mali , West Africa and for the World Wildlife Fund in Madagascar and Washington , D.C. Most recently he provided technical assistance to the Western Center for Environmental Decision Making .
joined TWP in 2007 .
He received his undergraduate degree from Duke University and worked for the Peace Corps in Mali , West Africa and for the World Wildlife Fund in Madagascar and Washington , D.C. Most recently he provided technical assistance to the Western Center for Environmental Decision Making .
And Assistant International Director Allison
Shaw worked in the Peace Corps as a municipal agroforestry extension agent in Guatemala , completed a preserve stewardship internship with The Nature Conservancy , and interned with the National Park Service to provide ecological monitoring and data management before joining TWP .
“ We are absolutely thankful , delighted and overwhelmed with gratitude at being announced the 2008 Prize winner . " said Conway .
" We now have the opportunity to expand our community reforestation and improved cook stove programs in Honduras , Nicaragua , and Haiti .
In particular , we will look to use the Prize to leverage additional sources of funding , and increasingly share the work we are doing with other interested organizations . "
>>
Trees , Water , People ( Website )
>>
Trees , Water , People Blog , Sustainable Change that Works
EU ’s version of the US Green Card system in the offering
EU ’s Blue Card
May 29 , 2009
Inspired by the famous American " green card " scheme , the European Commission is considering introducing its own " blue card " system to attract more qualified immigrants .
An impact assessment is currently being drawn up and will be ready “ in the next two months or so ” after which the Commission will draft detailed proposals , EU justice spokesman Friso Ascam Abbing told www.usadiversitylottery.com.
He admitted that EU member states hold differing opinions over legal migration but added that " everyone understands immigration will be part of the solution to the aging population .
We had better manage immigration properly as it is going to happen anyway , " he said .
The " blue card " -- taking its name from the EU flag , blue with gold stars -- " would allow holders to move around the EU , " EU Immigration Commissioner Franco Frattini said recently .
" Today if a multinational wants to move an engineer from a non-EU country from Rome to Brussels , they have to go through visa procedures , get a residency permit , a work permit , " explained Frattini , who plans to present a formal proposal on the matter in September .
The Commission , the EU ’s executive arm , hopes the scheme will aid member states as they seek to remain economically competitive as well as tackle the problems they face from aging populations .
The 27 - nation European Union trails both the US and Canada , which have a " very active recruitment policy , " an EU official close to the issue said .
" There is that kind of potential in Africa which could be very useful to the EU . "
A Green , or Indeed Blue , Card
A green , or indeed blue , card scheme would help the EU bring in the best workers from abroad , and target areas where they are particularly needed .
According to Brussels , half the immigrants to North America from the Mediterranean , Middle East or north African regions are university graduates .
Throughout Europe that figure stands at under 13 percent .
While the Commission does not intend to go as far as the United States , where the Green Card endows a permanent status , Frattini stresses that " if it is going to be attractive , there have to be inducements ; no language requirements , the possibility of bringing the family over and a reasonably long permission to stay , more than just a year or two .
" Many EU nations have been working towards a more selective immigration policy .
Britain , for example , plans to introduce a points system this year for selecting immigrants .
Last year France adopted a law creating a " competencies and talents " card to attract more qualified people , plus high - level artists and sports people .
The details of the initiative remain to be ironed - out , like whether workers be valued according to their pay scales or their qualifications , for example .
Whatever the details , overseas workers would not be invited if a vacant post could be filled by an EU citizen or resident .
The Commission knows that it is treading a fine line , as the member states have varying needs and are unwilling to hand over national jurisdiction on immigration matters .
It ’s an area where unanimity among the 27 member states would be required for changes , a fact which suggests several years of discussion lie ahead .
Brussels , a major supporter of African development , wants to avoid accusations that is increasing the already considerable African " brain drain . "
" Developing countries have at least as much need as we do -- to put it mildly -- of their doctors , technicians and nurses , " EU Development Commissioner Louis Michel said last year .
Qualified workers from sub-Saharan Africa , who make up just 4 % of the total active population , constitute over 40 % of those who go overseas , according to World Bank figures for 2005 .
Under the blue card scheme , EU nations would not recruit from sectors where there is already a lack of staff in the home nation , and key workers would return home after a certain period bringing their acquired experience abroad with them .
Related Articles
Enter the Green Card Lottery .
55,000 Green Card ’s Must Go Each Year .
Let us help you reach your dream of becoming an American resident today !
Return to USA Diversity Lottery 's immigration news page to read more immigration news .
On October 16 , 2004 , President George W. Bush signed the Israel Lobby 's bill , the Global Anti-Semitism Review Act .
This legislation requires the US Department of State to monitor anti-semitism world wide .
To monitor anti-semitism , it has to be defined .
What is the definition ?
Basically , as defined by the Israel Lobby and Abe Foxman , it boils down to any criticism of Israel or Jews .
Rahm Israel Emanuel has n't been mopping floors at the White House .
As soon as he gets the Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 passed , it will become a crime for any American to tell the truth about Israel 's treatment of Palestinians and theft of their lands .
It will be a crime for Christians to acknowledge the New Testament 's account of Jews demanding the crucifixion of Jesus .
It will be a crime to report the extraordinary influence of the Israel Lobby on the White House and Congress , such as the AIPAC - written resolutions praising Israel for its war crimes against the Palestinians in Gaza that were endorsed by 100 per cent of the US Senate and 99 per cent of the House of Representatives , while the rest of the world condemned Israel for its barbarity .
It will be a crime to doubt the Holocaust .
It will become a crime to note the disproportionate representation of Jews in the media , finance , and foreign policy .
In other words , it means the end of free speech , free inquiry , and the First Amendment to the Constitution .
Any facts or truths that cast aspersion upon Israel will simply be banned .
Given the hubris of the US government , which leads Washington to apply US law to every country and organization , what will happen to the International Red Cross , the United Nations Commission on Human Rights , and the various human rights organizations that have demanded investigations of Israel 's military assault on Gaza 's civilian population ?
Will they all be arrested for the hate crime of " excessive " criticism of Israel ?
This is a serious question .
A recent UN report , which is yet to be released in its entirety , blames Israel for the deaths and injuries that occurred within the United Nations premises in Gaza .
The Israeli government has responded by charging that the UN report is " tendentious , patently biased , " which puts the UN report into the State Department 's category of excessive criticism and strong anti-Israel sentiment .
Israel is getting away with its blatant use of the American government to silence its critics despite the fact that the Israeli press and Israeli soldiers have exposed the Israeli atrocities in Gaza and the premeditated murder of women and children urged upon the Israeli invaders by rabbis .
These acts are clearly war crimes .
It was the Israeli press that published the pictures of the Israeli soldiers ' T - shirts that indicate that the willful murder of women and children is now the culture of the Israeli army .
The T - shirts are horrific expressions of barbarity .
For example , one shows a pregnant Palestinian woman with a crosshairs over her stomach and the slogan , " One shot , two kills . "
These T - shirts are an indication that Israel 's policy toward the Palestinians is one of extermination .
It has been true for years that the most potent criticism of Israel 's mistreatment of the Palestinians comes from the Israeli press and Israeli peace groups .
For example , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz and Jeff Halper of ICAHD have shown a moral conscience that apparently does not exist in the Western democracies where Israel 's crimes are covered up and even praised .
Will the American hate crime bill be applied to Haaretz and Jeff Halper ?
Will American commentators who say nothing themselves but simply report what Haaretz and Halper have said be arrested for " spreading hatred of Israel , an anti-semitic act " ?
Many Americans have been brainwashed by the propaganda that Palestinians are terrorists who threaten innocent Israel .
These Americans will see the censorship as merely part of the necessary war on terror .
They will accept the demonization of fellow citizens who report unpalatable facts about Israel and agree that such people should be punished for aiding and abetting terrorists .
A massive push is underway to criminalize criticism of Israel .
American university professors have fallen victim to the well organized attempt to eliminate all criticism of Israel .
Norman Finkelstein was denied tenure at a Catholic university because of the power of the Israel Lobby .
Now the Israel Lobby is after University of California ( at Santa Barbara , ) professor Wiliam Robinson .
< http://www.counterpunch.org/henwood04292009.html>Robinson's crime : his course on global affairs included some reading assignments critical of Israel 's invasion of Gaza .
< http://www.counterpunch.org/henwood04292009.html>
The Israel Lobby apparently succeeded in convincing the Obama Justice ( sic ) Department that it is anti-semitic to accuse two Jewish AIPAC officials , Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman , of spying .
The Israel Lobby succeeded in getting their trial delayed for four years , and now Attorney General Eric Holder has dropped charges .
Yet , Larry Franklin , the DOD official accused of giving secret material to Rosen and Weissman , is serving 12 years and 7 months in prison .
The absurdity is extraordinary .
The two Israeli agents are not guilty of receiving secrets , but the American official is guilty of giving secrets to them !
If there is no spy in the story , how was Franklin convicted of giving secrets to a spy ?
Criminalizing criticism of Israel destroys any hope of America having an independent foreign policy in the Middle East that serves American rather than Israeli interests .
It eliminates any prospect of Americans escaping from their enculturation with Israeli propaganda .
To keep American minds captive , the Lobby is working to ban as anti-semitic any truth or disagreeable fact that pertains to Israel .
It is permissible to criticize every other country in the world , but it is anti-semitic to criticize Israel , and anti-semitism will soon be a universal hate - crime in the Western world .
Most of Europe has already criminalized doubting the Holocaust .
It is a crime even to confirm that it happened but to conclude that less than 6 million Jews were murdered .
Why is the Holocaust a subject that is off limits to examination ?
How could a case buttressed by hard facts possibly be endangered by kooks and anti-semitics ?
Surely the case does n't need to be protected by thought control .
Imprisoning people for doubts is the antithesis of modernity .
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration .
He is coauthor of The Tyranny of Good Intentionshttp://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0307396061/counterpunchmaga
He can be reached at : PaulCraigRoberts@yahoo.com
Following up on our 8 Starship Enterprise Facts Every Trekker Should Know post , here are some of the neatest Star Trek cakes ever made .
Enjoy ( Resistance is futile ! )
Star Trek Cake by Ace of Cakes - via TrekMovie ( note the angry nerd comments )
CakeCentral user Spense uploaded these photos of the Captain Kirk Cake made for the 2009 Star Trek Cake Contest ( many , many more cool Star Trek cakes there )
Another one for the CakeCentral Star Trek Cake contest , this one is simple yet very chic : the Star Trek Uniform groom cake by CakeCentral user tenmeows .
USS Reliant Birthday Cake complete with blue LED , by Victoria Sgro-Konopka of SunShine 's Cake Creations
Star Trek Communicator Cake by Rick Reichart of Cakelava
This one is quite beautiful : Jonathan Lane 's groom cake , over at USS Angeles .
The four sides of the cakes include messages from the Klingons ( " Where do you keep the chocolate " - chocolate is an aphrodisiac for Klingons ) , Ferengis ( " You humans still owe us for this cake " ) , Romulans ( " The Praetor says hello " ) , Cardassian ( " Hey , why were n't we invited to the wedding " ) , Bajoran ( " May the Prophets guide you both in your lives together " ) and Vulcans ( " Live long and prosper " ) - in their native languages .
The Star Trek Enterprise Cake by Edward and Antoni Frys of
European Cake Gallery ( ironically , in Texas ) - via Cake Wrecks
A Star Trek Birthday Cake by Alix Lewer of Alixs Cakes - a wonderful fondant work !
Star Trek Cupcakes by Clares Cupcakes
Borg Wedding Cake ( look at the lil ' Enterprise getting phasered ! )
And last but not least , the Picard Cake to celebrate Captain Picard Day tomorrow ( June 16 ) :
Captain Picard Cake at POWET.TV
" Owls , Backwoods & Phillies , smokin ' sess blunts , mixed with illy , Got me bustin ' , now the whole world looks dusted , I'm in the area with the skill that never rusted . "
~ Method Man~Tical~
What The Blood Clot
Mercury Poisoning – A Growing Health Issue
Ca n’t think straight anymore ?
Got headaches , memory loss or mood swings ?
Are you suddenly losing coordination when it comes to writing ?
If you are suffering any of these symptoms , then you might be a victim of mercury poisoning .
People who consume mercury - contaminated fish are typically prone to mercury poisoning .
Health problems caused by mercury depend on how much has entered your body , how it entered your body , how long you have been exposed to it , and how your body responds to the mercury .
The good news is that for most adults with recent exposure , symptoms usually go away once they stop eating contaminated fish on a regular basis .
However , things are quite different when it comes to pregnant women and young children .
For an unborn fetus , exposure to mercury can result in lowered IQ levels on a permanent basis .
It is unusual to find people with a zero - level of mercury these days .
A rise in toxic lifestyles due to industrialization has led to an increase in levels of mercury in the environment .
People now pick it up from a wide variety of sources beyond fish , including air and food .
If you are concerned , it is a good idea to speak with a doctor and limit your intake of high mercury fish such as tuna , swordfish and mackerel .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Offshore tax havens must be regulated as part of global plans to tackle the banking crisis , Gordon Brown has said .
The prime minister told the Scottish Labour conference there must also be internationally agreed standards to end the " short - term banking bonus culture " .
And he said there should be help for countries unable to restructure their own banking systems .
Mr Brown also expressed his anger at hard - working people being " squeezed " by banking mistakes .
He told delegates that urgent reforms to the system were needed .
The prime minister also launched an attack on the SNP , saying that a united Britain was stronger in the face of the economic downturn .
We give guarantees that no country the size of Scotland could ever have been able to give
Gordon Brown Mr Brown said his proposals for reform would be put to the forthcoming G20 summit of the world 's leading nations in London .
He told the conference , in Dundee : " What makes me angry is that good people , hard - working people are being squeezed by banking mistakes and that 's why we need the urgent clear - up and clear out in our banking system . "
Setting out his proposals for reform , the prime minister said it was time to establish a " global framework for international supervision " .
It was time , he said , to bring tax havens and the shadow banking system " into the regulatory net " .
' Wrong again '
He went on : " We must agree international principles to end that short - term banking bonus culture and build rewards instead on long - term , sustainable results .
" We must monitor not just individual firms , but ensure the whole financial system remains in good health and that means using the international institutions so that we restructure the banking system in countries that cannot afford to do so themselves . "
Mr Brown said it was the UK Government which had come to the aid of Scotland 's historic banks , the Royal Bank of Scotland and HBOS , with investments bigger than the size of the Holyrood administration 's budget .
Turning to the Scottish Government 's planned independence referendum , he added : " We give guarantees that no country the size of Scotland could ever have been able to give - and that 's what is the truth , that Scotland does better when part of the United Kingdom and not outside it . "
There 's no one to stand up for millions of people if we fall down .
Mr Brown Mr Brown 's conference speech came just days after he urged the US congress in Washington to push for economic change .
Back home , the prime minister pledged to support reforms which would enhance Scottish devolution , currently being reviewed by the Calman Commission 10 years after it came about .
He said most MSPs at Holyrood understood that " the first priority for the people of Scotland is not separation , it is social justice " .
Attacking the SNP economic policy , Mr Brown said : " First they said that , simply by virtue of our geography , we would be part of an arc of prosperity with Iceland .
" Then they said that , by virtue of our geology , we could float to prosperity on the back of ever higher oil prices .
" Then they said we could base the Scottish independent economy simply on the Scottish financial services sector that would never be undermined .
" And now today we know that they were wrong , wrong and wrong again . "
' Hand of hope '
Mr Brown said Labour had a different philosophy to the SNP and Conservatives - parties he said would cut public services when they were most needed .
He went on : " A great responsibility rests on our shoulders , not just as a government , but as a party .
" Because there 's no one there to help if we 're not there .
" There 's no one to stand up for millions of people if we fall down .
" There 's no one to extend the hand of hope if we withdraw from the fight .
" Let it be said of us that we help people in times of need , we came to the aid of people in times of distress , we built communities in our country that were strong and fair , that in times of trial , we do not , we will not , we will never walk by on the other side . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Conservation Voters of B.C. are urging people to vote for " Anyone but Carole " in the Vancouver Island riding of NDP Leader Carole James .
In their " ABC " campaign , the non-partisan group says they do not endorse James for re-election in the Victoria - Beacon Hill riding because of her wish to dump the controversial carbon tax .
" We believe the party needs new leadership and new voices that take a more urgent , principled and collaborative approach to meeting the challenges of climate change , " spokesperson Will Horter said .
The announcement was made Thursday during the group 's first round of endorsements for the upcoming provincial election .
The Conservation voters have only endorsed four candidates : Environment Minister Barry Penner , NDP members Lana Popham and Gary Holman and the Greens ' Damian Kettlewell .
James is sticking to her decision to scrap the carbon tax if her party takes office .
" I 've had this discussion with environmentalists .
Some of the groups who 've come out strongly around the carbon tax , I 've agreed to disagree with them on carbon tax , " she told reporters after a leader 's debate at CKNW radio on Thursday .
The NDP party has endured a firestorm of criticism from environmentalists since the beginning of the election campaign -- an unusual turn for a party that is normally supported by green thinkers .
On Saturday David Suzuki said the NDP stance on axing the tax would poison other jurisdictions against making the move .
" If [ Liberal Leader Gordon Campbell ] goes down because of the axe the tax , the repercussions are that the carbon tax will be toxic for future politicians , " he said .
" No politician will raise it .
That 's why environmentalists are so upset . "
On April 17 , longtime NDP supporter and environmental activist Tzeporah Berman gave up her membership and support for the party , saying the carbon tax policy is an attempt to " confuse the public " for political gain .
A brief history
The Liberal government introduced the first North American carbon tax last year .
It taxes almost all fossil fuels , including gasoline , diesel and home - heating fuel .
The tax rate will rise over the next four years .
The NDP says that the tax should be replaced by a cap - and - trade system , which would cap the amount of pollutants companies can emit before they must purchase credits from those who pollute less .
Last week , an independent federal advisory panel , the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy , suggested that Ottawa and the provinces should adopt the cap - and - trade system , saying it is the most efficient and least costly means of controlling greenhouse gas emissions .
A San Bernardino Superior Court judge on Thursday rebuffed Wal - Mart ’s plan for a super center in the desert city of Yucca Valley , partly on the grounds that the giant retailer failed to take measures to reduce its contribution to global warming .
Environmentalists had been pressuring Wal - Mart to install solar panels to provide electricity for its proposed 184,000 - square - foot store .
But the retailer contended that the estimated 7,000 metric tons per year of planet - heating greenhouse gases that would result from the store ’s operation was too insignificant to require such measures under the California Environmental Quality Act .
Judge Barry Plotkin , relying on contrary evidence from state air quality officials , ruled otherwise on Thursday , in a case that signals a growing legal consensus that climate change must be considered by businesses and governments promoting new developments .
“ California is in the forefront , ” said Matthew Vespa , an attorney for the Center for Biological Diversity , an Arizona - based advocacy group , which sued Wal - Mart and Yucca Valley .
The center also won a case last year against Desert Hot Springs after the city failed to analyze the greenhouse gas emissions that would result from a golf course and 2,600 - home development .
Activists have had a powerful ally in California Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , who has won agreements from San Bernardino County , ConocoPhillips , the Port of Los Angeles , the San Diego Airport Authority , and Cilion , a Kern County ethanol plant , to measure or mitigate greenhouse gas emissions .
The efforts to account for the effect of land use on climate change are part of California ’s groundbreaking plan , adopted in December , to slash the state ’s overall emissions by about 15 % by 2020 .
Cat Falls 26 Stories , Lives to Purr Again ' Lucky ' the cat 's fall from New York apartment ledge captured in photographs .
May 30 , 2009 --
Do cats always land on their feet ?
The unbelievable tale of a cat named Lucky -- who fell 26 stories and survived -- does n't quite prove the myth but it comes pretty close .
In early May , Keri Hostetler was readying her lower Manhattan apartment for guests who were coming to visit .
She cracked the window of her home office a few inches -- something she " never , ever did " -- just to air the place out .
She left the door to the room ajar and got to work on her laundry .
Her beloved cat Lucky , a 3 - year - old gray - and - black striped male who Hostetler describes as " a lover and a hugger " was wandering around the apartment .
Or so Hostetler thought .
" I came back up from doing laundry and saw that the room where the window was open -- the door was open , " she told " Good Morning America Weekend Edition . "
" I rushed in to the window and saw the window washers kind of waving for me . "
Meanwhile , across the street , two men were on scaffolding , caulking windows more than 30 stories up , when one of them spotted Lucky on a narrow ledge just across the way .
" The cat was on the ledge and we saw it trying to turn a corner .
But there was no ledge for him to step on , " said John Hayes , the eagle - eyed worker .
" My partner told me to get my camera , so I did . "
Lucky fell 26 stories before landing on a cement balcony below .
Hayes was able to snap three photos : Lucky on the ledge , Lucky in midair , and Lucky 's landing .
Back in the apartment , Keri noticed the door was open and the cat was missing .
" I ran around the apartment screaming for him , " she said .
" And then I saw the window and I knew what had happened . "
When she went to the window , she saw Hayes signaling her , letting her know that the cat had indeed taken a great fall .
" I did n't know if it was dead or alive , " Hayes said .
" I found him curled up in a grill cover on the sixth floor . "
For Hostetler , who has had Lucky from the time he was a kitten , it was an emotional day .
" It was the worst day , " she said .
" If you have children , I imagine that that relationship is somewhat similar for mine for a pet since I do n't have kids yet .
He 's awesome .
And he 's been with us .
He goes with us on trips .
He flies to see our families , so it was devastating , at first . "
Lucky was rushed to a veterinary hospital , where he was treated for minor injuries -- a broken toe and a broken lower jaw .
" That 's the miraculous thing about Lucky , " Hostetler told " GMA . "
" He has been [ lucky ] since we got him . "
At the scene of the accident , Hayes mentioned to Hostetler that he'd taken some pictures of the cat 's plunge .
Hostetler thanked him repeatedly for keeping a sharp eye out for her cat and waving to her so she knew that he 'd fallen .
" It was just the human thing to do , " Hayes said .
Hostetler just feels -- well -- " lucky " to have her cat back .
" He 's incredible , " she said .
" He 's just an amazing cat . "
She recommends cat owners use screens on their windows ( her home office did n't have any ) and , most importantly , pet insurance .
" Get it , seriously , " she said .
" Even if your cat is an indoor cat .
You never know . "
In August 2006 , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) sought government records concerning the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) 's Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
After the FBI failed to respond to EFF 's requests within the timeline provided by the FOIA , EFF filed a lawsuit on October 17 , 2006 .
Records began to arrive in September 2007 .
On April 14 , 2009 , the government filed a brief stating that no more documents were going to be provided , despite the Obama Administration 's new guidelines on FOIA .
The following report is based upon the records provided by the FBI , along with public information about the IDW and the datasets included in the data warehouse .
I. Overview of the Investigative Data Warehouse
The Investigative Data Warehouse is a massive data warehouse , which the Bureau describes as " the FBI 's single largest repository of operational and intelligence information . "
As described by FBI Section Chief Michael Morehart in 2005 , the " IDW is a centralized , web - enabled , closed system repository for intelligence and investigative data . "
Unidentified FBI agents have described it " one- stop shopping " for FBI agents and an " uber - Google . "
According to the FBI , " [t ] he IDW system provides data storage , database management , search , information presentation , and security services . "
Documents show that the FBI began spending funds on the IDW in fiscal year 2002 , " and system implementation was completed in FY 2005 . "
" IDW 1.1 was released in July 2004 with enhanced functionality , including batch processing capabilities . "
The FBI worked with Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) , Convera and Chiliad to develop the project , among other contractors .
As of January 2005 , the IDW contained " more than 47 sources of counterterrorism data , including information from FBI files , other government agency data , and open source news feeds . "
A chart in the FBI documents shows IDW growing rapidly , breaking the half - billion mark in 2005 .
By March 2006 , the IDW had 53 data sources and over half a billion ( 587,186,453 ) documents .
By September 2008 , the IDW had grown to nearly one billion ( 997,368,450 ) unique documents .
The Library of Congress , by way of comparison , has about 138 million ( 138,313,427 ) items in its collection .
In addition to storing vast quantities of data , the IDW provides a content management and data mining system that is designed to permit a wide range of FBI personnel ( investigative , analytical , administrative , and intelligence ) to access and analyze aggregated data from over fifty previously separate datasets included in the warehouse .
Moving forward , the FBI intends to increase its use of the IDW for " link analysis " ( looking for links between suspects and other people – i.e. the Kevin Bacon game ) and to start " pattern analysis " ( defining a " predictive pattern of behavior " and searching for that pattern in the IDW 's datasets before any criminal offence is committed – i.e. pre-crime ) .
II .
IDW Systems Architecture
According to an FBI project description , " The IDW system environment consists of a collection of UNIX and NT servers that provide secure access to a family of very large - scale storage devices .
The servers provide application , web servers , relational database servers , and security filtering servers .
User desktop units that have access to FBINet can access the IDW web application .
This provides browser - based access to the central databases and their access control units .
The environment is designed to allow the FBI analytic and investigative users to access any of the data sources and analytic capabilities of the system for which they are authorized .
The entire configuration is designed to be scalable to enable expansion as more data sources and capabilities are added . "
A DOJ Inspector General report explained : " Data processing is conducted by a combination of Commercial - Off - the - Shelf ( COTS ) applications , interpreted scripts , and open - source software applications .
Data storage is provided by several Oracle Relational Database Management Systems ( DBMS ) and in proprietary data formats .
Physical storage is contained in Network Attached Storage ( NAS ) devices and component hard disks .
Ethernet switches provide connectivity between components and to FBI LAN / WAN .
An integrated firewall appliance in the switch provides network filtering . "
IDW Subsystems
Pursuant to the IDW Concept of Operations , the IDW has two main subsystems , the IDW - Secret ( IDW-S ) and IDW - Special Projects Team ( IDW - SPT ) .
It also has a development platform ( IDW -D ) and a subsystem for maintenance and testing ( IDW - I ) .
IDW - SecretThe IDW - S system is the main subsystem of the IDW , which is authorized to process classified national security data up to , and including , information designated Secret .
However , IDW -S is not authorized to process any Top Secret data nor any Sensitive Compartmented Information ( SCI ) .
The addition of IDW - TS / SCI , a Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information level data mart , appears to remain in the planning stages .
The IDW -S system is the successor of the Secure Counter - Terrorism / Collaboration Operational Prototype Environment ( SCOPE ) .
IDW - Special Projects TeamAccording to an Inspector General report , " [ i ] n November 2003 , the Counterterrorism Division , along with the Terrorist Financing Operations Section ( TFOS ) , in the FBI began a special project to augment the existing IDW system with new capabilities for use by FBI and non-FBI agents on the JTTFs .
The FBI Office of Intelligence is the executive sponsor of the IDW .
The IDW Special Projects Team was originally initiated for the 2004 Threat Task Force . "
By May 2006 , the " Special Project Team provided services to 5 task forces or operations . "
As described by the FBI : Special Projects Team ( SPT ) Subsystem
The Special Projects Team ( SPT ) Subsystem allows for the rapid import of new specialized data sources .
These data sources are not made available to the general IDW users but instead are provided to a small group of users who have a demonstrated " need - to - know " .
The SPT System is similar in function to the IDW - S system .
With the main difference is a different set of data sources .
The SPT System allows its users to access not only the standard IDW Data Store but the specialized SPT Data Store .
IDW Features
In 2004 , the Willie Hulon , then the Deputy Assistant Director for the Counterterrorism Division , said that the FBI was " introducing advanced analytical tools to help us make the most of the data stored in the IDW .
These tools allow FBI agents and analysts to look across multiple cases and multiple data sources to identify relationships and other pieces of information that were not readily available using older FBI systems .
These tools 1 ) make database searches simple and effective ; 2 ) give analysts new visualization , geo - mapping , link - chart capabilities and reporting capabilities ; and 3 ) allow analysts to request automatic updates to their query results whenever new , relevant data is downloaded into the database . "
Deputy Assistant Director Hulon also asserted that " [ w ] hen the IDW is complete , Agents , JTTF [ Joint Terrorism Task Force ] members and analysts , using new analytical tools , will be able to search rapidly for pictures of known terrorists and match or compare the pictures with other individuals in minutes rather than days .
They will be able to extract subjects ' addresses , phone numbers , and other data in seconds , rather than searching for it manually .
They will have the ability to identify relationships across cases .
They will be able to search up to 100 million pages of international terrorism - related documents in seconds . "
( Since then , the number of records has grown nearly ten - fold ) .
At the FBI National Security Branch 's " request , the FBI 's Office of the Chief Technology Officer ( OCTO ) has developed an ' alert capability ' that allows users of IDW to create up to 10 queries of the system and be automatically notified when a new document is uploaded to the database that meets their search criteria . "
" Users can search for terms within a defined parameter of one another .
For example , the search : ' flight school ' NEAR /10 ' lessons ' would return all documents where the phrase ' flight school ' occurred within 10 words of the word " lessons . "
Users can also specify whether they want exact searches , or if they want the search tool to include other synonyms and spelling variants for words and names . "
" IDW includes the ability to search across spelling variants for common words , synonyms and meaning variants for words , as well as common misspellings of words .
If a user misspells a common word , IDW will run the search as specified , but will prompt the user to ask if they intended to run the search with the correct spelling . "
In its 2004 report to the 9 - 11 Commission , the FBI used an example ( shown on the right ) to illustrate the planned use of the IDW for data mining and link analysis , showing i2's Analyst 's Notebook .
i2 described the program as " the world 's most powerful visual investigative analysis software , " which is able to analyze " vast amounts of raw , multi - format data gathered from a wide variety of sources . "
By 2006 , the IDW was processing between 40,000 and 60,000 " interactive transactions " in any given week , along with between 50 and 150 batch jobs .
An example of a batch process is where " the complete set of Suspicious Activity Reports is compared to the complete set of FBI terrorism files to identify individuals in common between them . "
Datasets in the IDW
According to various FBI documents , the following 38 data soures were included in the IDW on or before August 2004 .
Of these , IDW - S included at least the first six items .
In August 2004 , the FBI was considering adding several more datasets : the " FBI 's Telephone Application , DHS data sources such as US - VISIT and SEVIS , Department of State data sources such as the Consular Consolidated Database ( CCD ) , and Treasury Enforcement Communication System ( TECS ) . "
A later document shows that at least " most " of the Telephone Application is now in the IDW .
The Telephone Application ( TA ) " provides a central repository for telephone data obtained from investigations . "
" The TA is an investigative tool that also serves as the central repository for all telephone data collected during the course of FBI investigations .
Included are pen register data , toll records , trap / trace , tape - edits , dialed digits , airnet ( pager intercepts ) , cellular activity , push - to - talk , and corresponding subscriber information . "
Records obtained through National Security Letters are placed in the Telephone Application , as well as the IDW by way of the ACS system .
" The United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indicator Technology ( US - VISIT )
Program is an integrated , automated biometric entry - exit system that records the arrival and departure of aliens ; conducts certain terrorist , criminal , and immigration violation checks on aliens ; and compares biometric identifiers to those collected on previous encounters to verify identity . "
The Consular Consolidated Database ( CCD ) is a set of databases that includes " current and archived data from all of the Department of State 's Consular Affairs post databases around the world .
This includes the data from the Automated Biometric Identification System ( ABIS ) , ARCS , Automated Cash Register System ( ACS ) , Consular Lookout and Support System ( CLASS ) , Consular Shared Tables ( CST ) , DataShare , Diversity Visa Information System ( DVIS ) , Immigrant Visa Information System ( IVIS ) , Immigrant Visa Overseas ( IVO ) , Non-Immigrant Visa ( NIV ) , Visa Opinion Information Service ( VOIS ) , and Waiver Review System ( WRS ) applications .
The CCD also provides access to passport data in the Travel Document Information System ( TDIS ) , Passport Lookout and Tracking System ( PLOTS ) , and Passport Information Electronic Records System ( PIERS ) .
In addition to Consular Affairs data , other data from external agencies is integrated into the CCD , such as the ' Master Death Database from the Social Security Administration . "
The Student and Exchange Visitor Information System ( SEVIS ) " maintains information on nonimmigrant students and exchange visitors ( F , M and J Visas ) and their dependents , and also on their associated schools and sponsors . "
The Treasury Enforcement Communication System ( TECS ) " is a computerized information system designed to identify individuals and businesses suspected of , or involved in violation of federal law .
The TECS is also a communications system permitting message transmittal between Treasury law enforcement offices and other Federal , national , state , and local law enforcement agencies . "
Unidentified Additional Data Sources Added to IDW
The FBI set up an Information Sharing Policy Group ( ISPG ) , chaired by the Executive Assistant Directors of Administration and Intelligence , to review requests to ingest additional datasets into the IDW , in response to Congressional " privacy concerns that may arise from FBI engaging in ' data mining . ' "
In February 2005 , the Counterterrorism Division asked for 8 more data sources .
While the names of the data sources are redacted , items 1 , 2 and 4 came from the Department of Homeland Security , and items 6 , 7 and 8 were additional IntelPlus file rooms .
The February 2005 email chain also refers to " 2 data sets approved at the meeting yesterday " and " 2 data set under consideration . "
In context , it appears that one of the two approved datasets was IntelPlus , which contained three file rooms .
The FBI would " get all of the DHS data from the FTTTF [ Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force ] including the [ Redacted ] . "
In March 2005 , the Information Sharing Policy Group approved seven more unidentified datasets for the Special Projects Team version of the IDW .
In May 2005 , ISPG approved an additional seven unidentified datasets for the IDW - SPT .
The IDW Special Projects Team " ingested and published a new telephone - type data source " on two dates : February 18 , 2005 , and March 18 , 2005 .
In August 2005 , the " [ Redacted ] Reports Collection " was moved from the limited access IDW - SPT to the more widely available IDW - S . " This [ Redacted ] dataset contains copies of reports regarding [ Redacted ] . "
Data Retention
As of March 2005 :
There is no current Disposition Schedule for IDW .
We have looked at the system and it is on our list of systems to be scheduled .
With no Disposition Schedule , there is really no limitation on importing data , at least not from a records management standpoint .
But , they will not be able to delete or destroy any of that information until a Disposition Schedule is approved .
Nevertheless , the IDW has a process to delete files : " it can occur that data for which IDW - S is not authorized is ingested into IDW - S .
When such data is discovered on IDW - S it is necessary to delete this data and to update the Document Tracking Database with the appropriate " DEL " status for the file . "
The IDW also has a " secure delete " function .
III .
Privacy Impact Assessment
The E - Government Act of 2002 , Section 208 , establishes a requirement for agencies to conduct privacy impact assessments ( PIAs ) for electronic information systems and collections .
A May 12 , 2005 email from an unidentified employee in the FBI 's Office of the General Counsel to FBI General Counsel Valerie Caproni notes that the author was " nervous about mentioning PIA in context of national security systems . "
The author admitted that " It is true the FBI currently requires PlAs for NS [ national security ] systems as well as non-NS systems . "
However , the author thought that the policy might change .
Accordingly the author " recommend[ed ] against raising congressional consciousness levels and expectations re NS PlAs . "
Caproni's response is short : " ok . "
This email was in reply to a May 11 email from Caproni expressing her desire " slide something in about PIA " to a give a " sense that we really do worry about the privacy interests of uninvolved people whose data we slurp up . "
However , this strategy failed .
Congressional consciousness levels were raised by an August 30 , 2006 Washington Post article on the IDW , in which EFF Senior Counsel David Sobel raised the issue of the IDW 's lack of a formally published PIA .
The day the Post article ran , several FBI emails discussed the privacy concerns raised by the IDW .
One Office of the General Counsel employee ( only identified as Bill ) explained the FBI 's desire to play down the concerns : " I 'm with [ Redacted ] in view that if everyone ( [ Redacted ] ) starts running around with their hair on fire on this , they will just be pouring gas on something that quite possibly would just fade away if we just shrug it off . "
After these discussions , the FBI released the following response to the article :
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Response to Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) Press Article for Senate Appropriations Committee
September 7 , 2006
There are two concerns being expressed about IDW in the article .
One deals with whether the FBI has complied with the Privacy Act 's requirement to publish a " systems notice " in the Federal Register and the other is whether the FBI has complied with the privacy impact analysis requirements of the " E - Government Act . "
The answer to the first question is " yes . "
We consider IDW to be part of the FBI 's Central Record System , an " umbrella " system that is comprised of all of the FBI 's investigative files .
While it is true that " IDW " is n't specifically mentioned in the CRS Privacy Act System Notice , we do n't believe that is necessary .
The system notice does state : " In recent years ... the FBI has been confronted with increasingly complicated cases , which require more intricate information processing capabilities .
Since these complicated investigations frequently involve massive volumes of evidence and other investigative information , the FBI uses its computers , when necessary to collate , analyze , and retrieve investigative information in the most accurate and expeditious manner possible . "
The system notice describes in reasonable detail what information we obtain , what routine uses we make of it , the authorities for maintaining the system and so forth .
This notice is published in the Federal Register and is publicly available .
In our view , we are compliant with both the letter and spirit of the Privacy Act in this regard .
The answer to the second question is also " yes . "
In fact , since IDW has been categorized as a " national security system , " the E - Government Act does not require it to undergo a privacy impact analysis ( PIA ) at all .
Even so , FBI and DOJ policy requires a PIA to be conducted .
For IDW , the FBI has done several PIA's .
We did one for the original system and did others as significant datasets were added to IDW .
None of these systems were published since the law does not require them to be conducted in the first place .
The point is that we have done far more to analyze the privacy implications of IDW than the law requires .
Yes , the analyses have not been conducted in the public domain but Congress weighed the costs and benefits of conducting such an analysis in public and chose to exclude national security systems from that requirement when it passed the E- Government act .
For purposes of the E - Government Act , a National Security System is " an information system operated by the federal government , the function , operation or use of which involves : ( a ) intelligence activities , ( b ) cryptologic activities related to national security , ( c ) command and control of military forces , ( d ) equipment that is an integral part of a weapon or weapons systems , or ( e ) systems critical to the direct fulfillment of military or intelligence missions . "
A heavily redacted March 2005 FBI Electronic Communication enclosed a completely redacted Privacy Impact Assessment about the IDW .
In August 2007 , the Office of the Inspector General conducted an audit of " all major Department [ of Justice ] information technology ( IT ) systems and planned initiatives . "
The OIG noted that it " did not obtain PIAs or explanations for the FBI 's IDW . "
IV .
The Future of the IDW is Data Mining
When the FBI explained the IDW to Congress in 2004 , it noted that when FBI Director Mueller testified about the IDW in 2003 , he " used the term ' data mining ' to be synonymous with ' advanced analysis . '
The FBI does not conduct ' data mining ' in accordance with the GAO definition , which means mining through large volumes of data with the intention of automatically predicting future activities . "
Nevertheless , in March 2003 , the FBI issued its Fiscal Year 2004 ( Oct. 2003 – Sep. 2004 ) budget , in which the Bureau had requested a new " Communications Application " :
The FBI requests $ 4,600,000 to obtain a software application that is capable of conducting sophisticated link analysis on extremely high volumes of telephone toll call data and other relational data .
This software would enable the FBI to leverage modern technology to expeditiously conduct analyses of large collections of relational data .
By 2005 , the FBI was still trying to minimize Congressional concerns over data mining .
The FBI was concerned that the " distinction between a data mart and a data mining vehicle will be lost on those who just think we are looking into citizens ' lives too much . "
On March 1 , 2005 , an unidentified Office of Congressional Affairs ( OCA ) employee noted in an email ( emphasis original ) :
We had agreed on the following sentence as a way of avoiding some of the intricacies of data mining policy : " Where permitted by law , and appropriate to an authorized work activity , information gleaned from searching non-FBI databases may be included in FBI systems and , once there , may be accessed by employees conducting searches in furtherance of other authorized activities . "
Unfortunately , I could n't get that to fly , since that was the crux of the Senator 's inquiry .
In October 2005 FBI emails discuss the response to the August 2005 GAO report on data mining by the Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force ( FTTTF ) .
" In 2001 , Homeland Security Presidential Directive - 2 established the Foreign Terrorist Tracking Task Force ( FTTTF ) to provide actionable intelligence to law enforcement to assist in the location and detention and ultimate removal of terrorists and their supporters from the US . "
The FTTTF " operates two information systems — one unclassified and one classified — that form the basis of its data mining activities , " using tools such as i2 Analyst Notebook application , Query Tracking and Initiation Program ( QTIP ) , and Wareman .
In addition to the FBI , " the participants in the FTTTF include the Department of Defense , the Department of Homeland Security 's Bureaus of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Customs and Border Protection , the State Department , the Social Security Administration , the Office of Personnel Management , the Department of Energy , and the Central Intelligence Agency . "
In these 2005 emails , an OCA employee suggested a limitation on the scope of the FBI 's response to Congress : " Maybe we say that 'FTTTF refers to an operational task force .
We understand the question to ask about data mining initiatives of FTTTF . ' "
Around the same time , an unidentified Office of the General Counsel employee wrote :
Finally – I 'm concerned about the statement that we only have 3 data mining projects in the FBI .
In the cover letter , you make the point that our definition of data mining only includes large sets of data but I still think the definition is very broad and could include other systems .
For example , what about STAS systems ?
I am not familiar with those systems -( but we are starting work on a PIA so I will be in the near future ) but my sense is that they collect and sift through a lot of data .
What about EDMS and some of the other systems that collect tech cut data from FISAs and allow analysts to search through the data for relevant info ?
I would think that could be considered data mining under your definition - but I 'll defer to the CIO 's office on this issue .
We just need to make sure we can distinguish these other projects .
A few years later , however , the FBI became less circumspect about marrying the data sets of the IDW with the data mining capabilities of the FTTTF .
For the FBI 's FY2007 War Supplemental budget request , the FBI requested $ 10 million to consolidate the IDW and the FTTTF " and to develop and deploy a robust infrastructure capable of receiving , processing , and managing the quality of substantially increased amounts of additional data .
In its FY2008 " budget justification , " the FBI explained that " [t ] he Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) , combined with FTTTF 's existing applications and business processes , will form the backbone of the NSB 's data exploitation system . "
The FBI also requested " $ 11,969,000 ... for the National Security Branch Analysis Center ( NSAC ) . "
It explains :
Once operational , the NSAC will be tasked to satisfy unmet analytical and technical needs of the NSB , particularly in the areas of bulk data analysis , pattern analysis , and trend analysis .
…
The NSAC will provide subject - based " link analysis " through the utilization of the FBI 's collection datasets , combined with public records on predicated subjects .
" Link analysis " uses datasets to find links between subjects , suspects , and addresses or other pieces of relevant information , and other persons , places , and things .
This technique is currently being used on a limited basis by the FBI ; the NSAC will provide improved processes and greater access to this technique to all NSB components .
The NSAC will also pursue " pattern analysis " as part of its service to the NSB .
" Pattern analysis " queries take a predictive model or pattern of behavior and search for that pattern in datasets .
The FBI 's efforts to define predictive models and patterns of behavior will improve efforts to identify " sleeper cells . "
" The National Security Analysis Center ( NSAC ) would bring together nearly 1.5 billion records created or collected by the FBI and other government agencies , a figure the FBI expects to quadruple in coming years . "
In June 2007 , after seeing this budget request and noting that " [ d] ocuments predict the NSAC will include six billion records by FY2012 , " the House Science and Technology Committee asked the Government Accountability Office to investigate the National Security Branch Analysis Center .
In 2008 , the non-partisan National Research Council issued a 352 - page study concluding that data mining is not an effective tool in the fight against terrorism .
The report noted the poor quality of the data , the inevitability of false positives , the preliminary nature of the scientific evidence and individual privacy concerns in concluding that " automated identification of terrorists through data mining or any other mechanism is neither feasible as an objective nor desirable as a goal of technology development efforts . "
Acronyms
The Iranian events have produced a veritable flood of commentary , most of which tells us more about ourselves than it does about what is really going on in the land of the Persians .
On the one hand , we have the cheerleaders – Andrew Sullivan comes to mind – who uncritically support the student - led " Green Revolution , " and are now demanding … what ?
Well , with Sullivan it ’s not so clear : one minute he ’s telling us the U.S. ought to withhold any kind of recognition of Iranian " President " Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and the next he ’s hailing President Barack Obama for his restraint in not declaring all - out support for the Green Wave .
His teetering between these two positions is reflected in the actions of his idol , our sainted president , who , on the one hand , initially refused to say anything much beyond hoping the crisis could be abated without resort to violence , and then – under pressure from Hillary and Joe Biden – issued a much stronger statement , calling for " justice , " quoting Martin Luther King , and ending with a conjuration of some of that old - time Sixties rhetoric : " The whole world is watching . "
As indeed it is .
As a statement of concern , Obama ’s message to the Iranians could have been a lot worse : he might have issued a not - so - veiled threat , and even pulled back from his election promise of meeting with Iranian officials without preconditions to negotiate the nuclear issue .
This he did not do , and so we – at least those of us who anticipate with horror the prospect of war with Iran – can breathe a sigh of relief .
On the other hand , one has to wonder why it was necessary to say anything at all , beyond what had already been said : why is it that American chief executives feel compelled to pontificate on all matters , large and small , especially in this case ?
Everyone knows what Obama – and most Americans – feel and hope for when it comes to the Iranian crisis : he ’s hoping Ahmadinejad is gone , replaced by his chief challenger , former prime minister Mir Hossein Mousavi , a veteran of the 1979 Iranian revolution , and – up until now – a mainstay of the regime .
No statement beyond Obama ’s first response was necessary , and one gets the impression the president allowed himself to be pushed into it , against his better judgment .
In any case , the cheerleaders have been getting louder as the protests continue and blood is shed : leading the charge are our old " friends , " the neoconservatives , most of whom had been keeping a low profile ( except on the op - ed page of the Washington Post ) .
After the humiliation of having been proved totally wrong about Iraq , relative silence was the only viable option , at least for the moment .
Prompted by the Iranian turmoil , however , they have come out of hiding to claim an ersatz vindication .
After all , did n’t they say that the " liberation " of Iraq would spark revolutions across the region , and specifically in Iran ?
Well , yes , but to attribute the Green Revolution to the presence of 120,000 American soldiers to the south , and more to the east in Afghanistan , is Bizarro World logic , at best .
The fact that Iran is nearly surrounded by enemies empowers and emboldens the hard - liners – Ahmadinejad ’s faction – and cripples the opposition with a rather large albatross hung ’ round its neck : the suspicion that they are a fifth column , agents of the Yankees and the hated Brits .
Ahmadinejad and his supporters are now taking this line , including the supreme leader , Khamenei , who – in a weird , rambling speech – labeled them " terrorists , " demanded an end to the demonstrations , and warned that failure to get with the program will end badly for the protesters .
Insofar as America ’s impact on events in Iran is concerned , it ’s a lot closer to the truth to say it was the Obama effect , rather than the " axis of evil " rhetoric , that loosened up the Iranian status quo enough to cause a split in the ruling elite and pit the moderates – Mousavi , Rafsanjani , the Ayatollah Montazeri – against Khamenei and his ally , Ahmadinejad .
The military threat to Iran posed by the presence of American troops in large numbers right across the border strengthens the Ahmadinejad faction , and it ’s only the prospect of a U.S. withdrawal from Iraq that depressurizes the situation .
There have been signs that the military is acting to protect the demonstrators from the Basij and other pro-Ahmadinejad paramilitary gangs , such as Ansar Hezbollah ( not the Lebanese outfit , but a homegrown Persian hard - liner militia ) .
This development – not yet fully unfolded – directly threatens the stability of the present regime and calls into question the authority of the supreme leader .
Khamenei ’s legitimacy has already been undermined , perhaps fatally , by his ridiculous assertion that the election " results " amounted to a " divine assessment . "
If there is a divine assessment of Khamenei ’s role in all this , he ’ll wind up smack dab in the midst of the fires of Gehenna – and , if this goes on much longer , perhaps a lot sooner than he or anyone else thinks .
Although Flynt and Hillary Leverett think otherwise , there seems little doubt that the election results announced by the regime were completely fake .
As one Iranian woman contemptuously remarked : " They did n’t even bother to count the votes .
They just made it all up . "
Indeed they did , as this statistical analysis proves .
The devil , it appears , is in the last two digits of the numbers provided by Iran ’s Interior Ministry , broken down by province .
While the last two digits do n’t usually make the difference and are considered " random noise , " as statisticians Bernd Beber and Alexandra Scacco put it :
" But that ’s exactly why they can serve as a litmus test for election fraud .
For example , an election in which a majority of provincial vote counts ended in 5 would surely raise red flags .
Why would fraudulent numbers look any different ?
The reason is that humans are bad at making up numbers .
Cognitive psychologists have found that study participants in lab experiments asked to write sequences of random digits will tend to select some digits more frequently than others . "
So what about Ahmadinejad ’s " landslide " ?
" The numbers look suspicious .
We find too many 7s and not enough 5s in the last digit .
We expect each digit ( 0 , 1 , 2 , and so on ) to appear at the end of 10 percent of the vote counts .
But in Iran ’s provincial results , the digit 7 appears 17 percent of the time , and only 4 percent of the results end in the number 5 .
Two such departures from the average – a spike of 17 percent or more in one digit and a drop to 4 percent or less in another – are extremely unlikely .
Fewer than four in a hundred non-fraudulent elections would produce such numbers . "
It gets worse , however , for the Ahmadinejad camp once we get into the frequency of adjacent numbers , which , apparently , human beings also have a penchant for when asked to generate random digits :
" On average , if the results had not been manipulated , 70 percent of these pairs should consist of distinct , non-adjacent digits .
" Not so in the data from Iran : Only 62 percent of the pairs contain non-adjacent digits .
This may not sound so different from 70 percent , but the probability that a fair election would produce a difference this large is less than 4.2 percent .
And while our first test – variation in last - digit frequencies – suggests that Rezai ’s vote counts are the most irregular , the lack of non-adjacent digits is most striking in the results reported for Ahmadinejad . "
Mathematics is an exact science , unlike politics , which is not a science at all , but statistical proofs do n’t deter dogmatists , i.e. , people whose minds are already made up and whose agenda is going to be pursued no matter what the facts are .
And while the numbers do n’t lie , governments do .
This is particularly true of repressive regimes , such as the one presently lording it over the Iranian people , and yet there are some who defend the election " returns " reported by the Ahmadinejad - controlled Interior Ministry – in spite of a strong statement by some ministry employees who explicitly accused the regime of committing a massive fraud .
Imagine if the same thing happened in the U.S. – the uproar would preclude even an attempt to defend such a clumsy fabrication .
Yet the Leveretts have no problem with this , averring that the regime ’s accusers have " no evidence " of election fraud .
I guess those Interior Ministry employees – or , perhaps , ex-employees – do n’t count .
Nor does the statement by Ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi , Ahmadinejad ’s spiritual mentor , issued right before the election , that rigging the vote would be okay , as long as it was for a good cause .
The Leveretts make some valid points .
Yes , Western commentators preferred Mousavi .
Yes , " they were oblivious – as in 2005 – to Ahmadinejad ’s effectiveness as a populist politician and campaigner . "
They ’re right that Ahmadinejad cleaned Mousavi ’s clock in the televised presidential debate , where the pious son of a blacksmith accused his opponent of being part of Iran ’s pervasive culture of corruption .
The average Iranian really identifies with this kind of rhetoric , and Ahmadinejad no doubt enjoyed a surge of support that was missed by most Western commentators .
Yet the Leveretts ignore the atmospherics that accompanied the announcement of Ahmadinejad ’s " victory . "
As the indispensable Pepe Escobar describes the sequence of events :
" Phones , SMS , text messaging , YouTube , political blogs , opposition websites , foreign media websites , all communication networks , in a cascade , were shutting down fast .
Military and police forces started to take over Tehran ’s streets .
The Ahmadinejad - controlled Ministry of Interior – doubling as election headquarters – was isolated by concrete barriers .
Iranian TV switched to old Iron Curtain - style ‘ messages of national unity . ’
And the mind - boggling semi-final numbers of Ahmadinejad ’s landslide were announced ( Ahmadinejad 64 % , Mousavi 32 % , Rezai 2 % , and Karroubi less than 1 % . "
Ahmadinejad supposedly won a majority of the votes in Tehran , where he is clearly hated .
Leverett fails to mention this , although he does mention the Azeri issue .
Much has been made of Mousavi ’s big loss in Azeri areas , since he is an Azeri , and the Leveretts take out after this talking point with alacrity .
Well , they aver , Ahmadinejad speaks fluent Azeri and made a special appeal to that ethnic group , which seems plausible .
However , what does n’t seem so plausible is the fate of the other reform candidate , Karroubi , who supposedly lost in Oligudarz , his hometown .
According to the Interior Ministry ’s numbers , Karroubi lost his native province of Lorestan , and , says Escobar , " had less votes than volunteers helping in his campaign " !
Ahmadinejad , according to the official numbers , also took Kurdistan , one of Karroubi ’s bastions of support .
The official numbers , however , have Karroubi getting about 1 percent of the vote .
Another suspicious detail : the ultra - conservative candidate , Rezai , is from Khuzestan , yet he was supposedly beaten by Ahmadinejad here , too .
The Leveretts do n’t address these odd anomalies , but – in the fantastical context of the Interior Ministry ’s numbers – they are n’t anomalies , because , as Escobar points out ,
" Everywhere , all over the country , Ahmadinejad got between a steady 66 % and 69 % , no matter the region , no matter the predominant ethnic group , no matter the demographics . "
How they arrived at the official numbers * over at Iran ’s Interior Ministry is anybody ’s guess .
It ’s just another indication of their supreme incompetence that they could n’t even cobble together a semi-plausible lie .
Their manipulation of the vote is so painfully obvious that it boggles the mind : how in the name of Allah the most merciful did they imagine they ’d get away with it ?
They likely did n’t care , yet they clearly did n’t expect such an outburst of popular rage .
They thought they could contain it .
They were wrong .
Now we have the final verdict on the Interior Ministry ’s numbers , coming from the Iranian government itself :
" Iran ’s Guardian Council has admitted that the number of votes collected in 50 cities surpass the number of those eligible to cast ballot in those areas .
" The council ’s Spokesman Abbas - Ali Kadkhodaei , who was speaking on the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting ( IRIB ) Channel 2 on Sunday , made the remarks in response to complaints filed by Mohsen Rezai – a defeated candidate in the June 12 Presidential election .
“ ‘ Statistics provided by Mohsen Rezai in which he claims more than 100 % of those eligible have cast their ballot in 170 cities are not accurate – the incident has happened in only 50 cities , ’ Kadkhodaei said . "
Yeah , that Rezai character is such a drama queen !
What ’s he getting so excited about ?
After all , as Kadkhodaei assures us , “ it has yet to be determined whether the amount is decisive in the election results . "
Oh , well , then , never mind !
Move along – nothing to see here !
Backed into a corner , Ahmadinejad and his supporters are playing their trump card , and that is labeling the demonstrators " terrorists . "
In their typically incompetent fashion , however , they ’re accusing Mousavi of being a " criminal " in league with a tiny cultish " opposition " group known as the Mujahedin-e Khalq ( MEK ) .
I ’ve written about these jokers at length , and you can refer to those pieces for more information , but suffice to say here that they have next to zero support in Iran .
Indeed , their main base of support seems to be in Washington , D.C. , where the more perfervid neocons have been agitating for the U.S. government to take MEK off the State Department ’s list of terrorist organizations ( where they ’ve been ever since they bombed U.S. offices in Iran before the Revolution and killed and injured several U.S. citizens ) .
The neocons , in their heyday during the Bush years , were pushing to use MEK the way they used Ahmed Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress ( INC ) – those " heroes in error " who infamously lied us into war and ripped us off ( in more ways than one ) in the bargain .
Significantly , MEK has been " credited " with funneling the same sort of phony evidence of Iranian " weapons programs " that the INC stove - piped to the Bush White House in the runup to war with Iraq .
The Ahmadinejad - Khamenei faction is calling this just another U.S. - engineered " color revolution , " created and controlled by the Americans , and , unfortunately , some libertarians – in an excess of anti-interventionist zeal – are taking exactly the same line .
Writing on the blog of LewRockwell.com , Daniel McAdams – a great guy , who has written for Antiwar.com and done good work for the anti-interventionist cause – asks " Who put the green in the Green Revolution ? "
His answer : " The United States , of course . "
The demonstrators , you see , have adopted the color green as their theme , and so it must be a " color revolution " along the lines of those seen in the former Soviet bloc .
What is the evidence for this ?
Well , it seems that last year congressional leaders approved $ 400 million to effect regime - change in Iran , " plenty of lead time " to lay the groundwork for the Green Revolutionaries , but in fact this money , as the Washington Post ( and Seymour Hersh , much earlier ) reported , went to " rebel groups , " such as Jundallah , armed groups who want to overthrow the regime by force .
McAdams makes sure to boldface the words " rebel groups , " but he does n’t seem to understand the meaning of this phrase in plain English .
The Iranian Greenies are n’t a " rebel group " like the MEK or Jundallah : they exist inside the Islamic system set up by Ayatollah Khomeini and the 1979 Revolution , as even the supreme leader acknowledged in his speech .
But that is just the beginning of McAdams ’ errors .
He writes :
" As in the previous ‘ color revolutions ’ that seem to tirelessly capture the romantic imagination of U.S. journalists , elites , and the propagandized population , the warm embrace of the U.S. empire is firmly guiding the ‘ spontaneous ’
Iranian uprising against last week ’s election results .
While I do not and should not – nor should any other American – care in the slightest who rules a country some seven thousand miles away , when the fingerprints of the U.S. empire show up on these dramatic events overseas it is very much my business . "
The error McAdams makes here is that there is a difference between " caring " about the freedom ( or lack of it ) in a country seven thousand miles away and organizing a U.S. - government - backed attempt to overthrow a sovereign government .
I would argue that if one truly cares about spreading freedom overseas , the last agency to put in charge of the effort should be the U.S. government – especially when it comes to Iran , given the history of U.S. meddling in that country ’s affairs .
U.S. intervention , in nearly every case , has led to the betrayal and defeat of the pro-freedom forces .
Our allies became mere instruments of U.S. foreign policy instead of a truly indigenous movement with roots in the population .
I have no doubt that the U.S. is covertly trying to effect regime - change in Iran and that some of that $ 400 million found its way into the hands of the Green Revolutionaries , but that does n’t mean the movement is controlled or has been created by the CIA , as McAdams ( and Ahmadinejad ) claim .
Yes , they ’ve adopted green as their official color , but so what ?
Green stands for Islam , and this movement – like all movements in Iran – is based on religious principles .
McAdams putting the Iranian events in the same league as Georgia ’s U.S. - engineered Rose Revolution or the Orange Revolution in Ukraine is a facile explanation that does n’t stand up under the most cursory examination .
It ’s interesting that the neocons , or most of them , are saying essentially the same thing as McAdams and his fellows at the now nearly defunct British Helsinki Human Rights Group , albeit for an entirely different reason .
The neocons aver that Ahmadinejad ’s " victory " proves the hopelessness of dealing with the Iranians at all – except , of course , by bombing them from an altitude of 20,000 ft .
They ’re cheering Ahmadinejad ’s dubious triumph because they want war ; McAdams is rationalizing that same phony victory because he knows the U.S. is behind the whole thing .
Stranger bedfellows have yet to cuddle .
In both cases , however , there is a certain similarity insofar as facts are not allowed to get in the way of ideology .
Libertarians , of all people , should care about the freedom of peoples overseas , and , of all people , they should know that U.S. intervention will not aid but only hold back the legitimate aspirations of the oppressed .
Siding with dictators is not the way to ensure that the U.S. abandons its imperial pretensions and returns to the foreign policy of the Founders .
The massive election fraud and de facto coup carried out by Ahmadinejad & Co. is very bad news indeed for advocates of non-interventionism .
Iran under Ahmadinejad is simple to demonize , and the case for war will be far easier to make with that nut - job in power – which is precisely why the War Party is cheering him on .
It ’s too bad McAdams has joined their chorus , albeit singing counterpoint .
Yes , I ’m cheering on the Green Revolutionaries , because the foreign policy positions taken by Mousavi will be conducive to negotiations with the U.S. over the issue of nuclear weapons .
I agree with the Leveretts that no matter who wins , we need to start those talks now , with no preconditions , and in the context of Iran ’s right – under the Non-Proliferation Treaty – to develop the peaceful uses of nuclear power .
I agree with McAdams that the U.S. government should stay out of Iran ’s internal affairs .
But that does n’t mean I do n’t care about the Iranian people – who are even now being slaughtered and beaten in the streets of their own cities .
The regime they suffer under is kept in power by the threat of U.S. imperialism , which has encircled the country and is even now preparing to strike – and it ’s precisely because I understand this , and oppose it with all my being , that my heart goes out to the Green Revolutionaries .
No , I do n’t want our president to declare his support , and I applaud Ron Paul for his lone vote in Congress against a grandstanding resolution endorsing the Mousavi movement .
Our government should steer clear of this entirely .
But that does n’t mean that I , as an individual , ca n’t hope that the good guys win – for once .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Yes , I have more to say on the Iranian events , here .
And check out the rest of Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty Web site while you ’re at it .
I have to confess to having joined Facebook , and plenty of my readers have discovered this : it ’s gotten to the point that I probably get ten - to - twenty " friend " requests every day .
So please note that if I have n’t yet responded in the affirmative to your request , it ’s not that I do n’t want to be your friend – I do , really I do !
– it ’s just that time is limited , as is my patience with the somewhat plonky and unwieldy Facebook site .
I ’ll get to it eventually .
On the same subject : Facebook also has a feature that allows people to form groups – fans of this or that cause – and I get an equal number of such requests .
I ’ve established a firm policy , which is that I never join any of these groups , as appealing as some of them are .
I simply do n’t have the time or the energy to vet each and every group – and I do n’t , as a general rule , join any groups , online or off .
So please do n’t be insulted if I do n’t respond to your request to join – it ’s just that I ’m not a joiner .
* It has been pointed out that there is a discrepancy between Escobar ’s figures and the ones in the link .
If you follow the link , Mousavi has a majority or plurality in two districts and Ahmadinejad has below 60 percent in a total of eight , but Ahmadinejad ’s numbers are incredibly high everywhere else .
Unearthed , digitized and soon to be repatriated , artifacts from two Native American towns are beginning to share their rich stories online thanks to a collaborative project by anthropologists , librarians and Indigenous community members .
The recently launched digital collection – Onöndowa 'ga : ' ( Seneca ) Haudenosaunee Archaeological Materials , circa 1688 - 1754 – features two historical locations – White Springs and Townley - Read , both near Geneva , New York – which were inhabited consecutively by members of the Onöndowa ’ga : ’ ( Seneca ) Haudenosaunee ( Six Nations Iroquois ) after they fled the French military destruction of the town of Ganondagan in 1687 .
Various cultural artifacts and the changing layout of the towns show how the communities adapted and thrived in their new environments , according to Kurt Jordan , anthropology professor in the College of Arts and Sciences and director of the American Indian and Indigenous Studies Program in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences .
Jordan led archaeological work at the two locations .
“ There ’s a misconception common among scholars until recently that , as soon as Europeans arrived , Native people went on a long , slow slide into disappearing and irrelevance , ” he said .
“ But you can really see that there is a ton of Native technology and local plant and animal species that were being used alongside European imports . ”
In 2017 , Jordan partnered with graduate student Dusti Bridges to highlight these discoveries by starting an online collection , supported by the Grants Program for Digital Collections in Arts and Sciences at Cornell University Library and with earlier seed funding from the Great Lakes Research Alliance for the Study of Aboriginal Arts and Cultures ( GRASAC ) .
The collection , which focused on domestic spaces and does not include sacred objects , is a vehicle for descendant communities to virtually connect with their cultural heritage , according to Bridges , who is completing a Ph.D. in anthropology .
The project will also physically reunite descendant communities with their heritage objects when the original physical artifacts are transferred from Cornell ’s Department of Anthropology to the Seneca - Iroquois National Museum in Salamanca , New York .
The transfer of materials is scheduled to start next summer .
“ Bringing the materials back empowers the Seneca community , ” said Joe Stahlman , director of the museum and a consultant on the project .
“ This becomes an opportunity for the Seneca to contribute to the research but also to show themselves as knowledge holders . ”
Community involvement has always been essential to the project .
Jordan and Bridges gathered initial feedback from Seneca partners during a meeting at Ganondagan and through consultations with Indigenous colleagues from GRASAC .
Questions about language emerged as a major consideration .
“ We took out the specialist archaeological language , which could be alienating , ” said Bridges .
“ So instead of using ‘ structure ’ we used ‘ house . ’
We used ‘ town ’ instead of ‘ site . ’ ”
Bridges and Jordan are now inviting Indigenous community members to share Onöndowa ’ ga : ’ language terms , and other information about the artifacts , via the feedback forms in the online collection .
To present and collect this abundance of information on the website , the project has depended on the expertise of library staff like Jasmine Burns , visual resources metadata librarian and a proponent of a movement known as critical cataloging practice .
“ Institutions are becoming more reflective about the way that they ’re describing their collections , ” she said , “ particularly collections that represent marginalized communities and a diverse audience . ”
Burns customized the standard metadata template used for image collections in order to replace colonially tinged terms ( such as “ discovery site ” which was substituted with the neutral term “ former site ” ) while also adjusting the metadata vocabulary so that Indigenous - language terms can be further added , linked and easily searched .
The digitization and the transfer of the physical artifacts are steps toward healing a deep divide , according to Michael Galban , curator for the Seneca Art and Culture Center at Ganondagan State Historic Site and an expert on Native American material culture who also served as a project consultant .
“ The unethical practices that took place in the earliest days of archaeological science – including the desecration of burials and the removal of ancestors ’ remains – have so damaged the trust between Native peoples and archaeologists in universities and museums , ” Galban said .
“ Kurt and Dusti have been very diligent in repairing that relationship .
Every time that a successful project like this is responsibly brought into fruition , it not only helps Native people but also the science of archaeology . ”
This story also appeared in the Cornell Chronicle .
Operating system vendors face this problem once or twice a decade :
They need to migrate their user base from their old operating system to their very different new one , or they need to switch from one CPU architecture to another one , and they want to enable users to run old applications unmodified , and help developers port their applications to the new OS .
Let us look at how this has been done in the last 3 decades , looking at DOS / Windows , Macintosh , Amiga and Palm .
CP / M to PC - DOS / MS -DOS
CP/M was an 8 bit operating system by Digital Research that ran on all kinds of Intel 8080 - based systems .
Seattle Computer Products “ 86 - DOS ” , which later became MS - DOS ( called “ PC - DOS ” on IBM machines ) , was a clone of CP / M , but for the Intel 8086 , much like DR ’s own CP / M - 86 ( which later became DR - DOS ) .
While not binary compatible , the Intel 8086 was “ assembly source compatible ” with the 8080 , which meant that it was easily possible to convert 8 bit 8080 / Z80 assembly source into 8086 assembly , since the two architectures were very similar ( backward - compatible memory model ; one register set could be mapped onto the other ) and only the instruction encoding was different .
Since MS - DOS implemented the same ABI and memory map , it was source - code compatible with CP / M .
On a CP / M system , which could access a total of 64 KB of memory , the region from 0x0000 to 0x0100 ( Zero Page ) was reserved to the operating system and contained , among other things , the command line arguments .
The running application was located from 0x0100 up , and the operating system was at the top of memory , with the application stack growing down from just below the start of the OS .
The memory model of the 8086 partitions memory into ( overlapping ) chunks of contiguous 64 KB , so one of these segments is basically a virtual 8080 machine .
MS - DOS “ . COM ” files are executables below 64 KB that are loaded at address 0x0100 of such a segment .
0x0000 - 0x0100 is called the Program Segment Prefix and is very similar to the CP / M zero page , the stack grows down from the end of code segment , and the operating system resides in a different segment .
Because of the high compatibility of the CPUs and the ABIs , a port of a program from CP / M to DOS was pretty painless .
Such a direct port could only support up to 64 KB of memory ( like WordStar 3.0 from 1982 ) , but it was also possible to maintain a single source base for both CP / M and MS - DOS just by using a few macros and two different assemblers .
DOS 2.0 then introduced more powerful APIs ( file handles instead of FCBs , subdirectories , relocatable .EXE files ) , obsoleting most of the CP / M API – but DOS kept CP / M compatibility until the last version .
CP /M to PC - DOS / MS - DOS Change New CPU
New OS codebase Running new applications Native Running old applications Not supported Running old drivers Not supported Porting applications
High level of source / ABI compatibility
DOS to Windows
Microsoft Windows was first architected as a graphical shell on top of MS - DOS :
All device and filesystem access was done by making DOS API calls , so all MS - DOS drivers ran natively , and Windows could use them .
DOS applications could still be used by just exiting Windows .
Windows / 386 2.1 changed this model , as it was a real operating system kernel that ran a number of “ virtual 8086 mode ” ( V86 ) virtual machines side by side :
One for the MS - DOS operating system and one per Windows application .
The DOS VM was used by Windows to call out to device drivers and the filesystem , so it was basically a driver compatibility environment running inside a VM .
The user could start any number of additional DOS VMs to run DOS applications , and each of these contained a copy of DOS .
Windows hooked memory accesses to screen RAM as well as some system calls to route them to the Windows graphics driver or through the “ root ” DOS VM .
Windows 3.x started using Windows - native drivers that replaced calls into the DOS VM , and had the DOS VM call up to Windows for certain device accesses .
The standard Windows 95 installation did n’t use the DOS VM for drivers or the filesystem at all , but could do so if necessary .
DOS was not only a compatibilty environment for old drivers and applications , it was also the command line of Windows , so when Windows 95 introduced long file names , it trapped DOS API calls to provide a new interface for this functionality to command line tools .
MS - DOS to Windows Change New OS
Running new applications Native Running old applications Virtual machine with old OS Running old drivers Virtual machine with old OS Porting applications
No migration path
DOS to Windows NT
Windows NT was never based on DOS , but still allowed running MS - DOS applications since its first version , NT 3.1 .
Like non-NT
Windows , it runs DOS applications in V86 mode .
But instead of running a copy of MS - DOS , using its logic and trapping its device accesses , NT just runs the application in V86 mode and traps all system calls and I/O accesses and maps them to NT API calls .
It is not a virtual machine : V86 mode is merely used to provide the memory model necessary to support DOS applications .
One common misconception is that the Windows NT command line is a “ DOS box ” :
The command line interpreter and its support tools are native NT applications , and a Virtual DOS Machine ( NTVDM ) is not started until a real DOS program is launched from the command line .
DOS to Windows NT Change New OS Running new applications Native Running old applications API reimplementation Running old drivers Not supported Porting applications
No migration path
Windows 3.1 ( Win16 ) to Windows 95 ( Win32 )
Since the release of Windows NT 3.1 in 1993 , it was clear that it would replace classic Windows eventually , but although it had the same look - and - feel and good Win16 and decent DOS compatibility , every current version of NT typically required quite high - end hardware .
The migration from Windows to Windows NT was done by slowly making Windows more like Windows NT , and when they were similar enough , and even low - end computers were powerful enough to run NT well , switching the users to the new codebase .
The big step to make Windows more like Windows NT was supporting NT ’s 32 bit Win32 API :
The first step was the free “ Win32S ” update to Windows 3.1 , which provided a subset ( thus the “ S ” ) of the Win32 API on classic Windows .
Win32S extended the Windows kernel to create a 32 bit address space for all 32 bit applications ( NT had a separtate address space for each application ) .
It also provided ported versions of some new NT libraries ( e.g. RICHED32.DLL ) , as well as 32 bit DLLs that accepted the low - level Win32 API calls ( “ GDI ” and “ USER ” ) and forwarded them to the Win16 system ( “ thunking ” ) .
Windows 95 included this functionality by default , ran 32 bit applications in separate address spaces , supported more of the Win32 API and included several 32 bit core applications ( like Explorer ) , but a good chunk of the core system was still 16 bit .
With Windows 95 , most developers switched to writing 32 bit applications , making them instantly available as native applications on Windows NT .
Windows 3.1 ( Win16 ) to Windows 95 ( Win32 ) Change New CPU mode / bitness Running new applications Thunking Running old applications Native Running old drivers Native Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Windows 9X to Windows NT
The second step in the migration from 16 bit Windows to Windows NT was the switch from Windows ME to the NT - based Windows XP in 2001 .
Windows NT ( 2000 / XP /… ) was a fully 32 bit operating system with the Win32 API , but it also allowed running 16 bit Windows applications by forwarding their Win16 API calls to the Win32 libraries ( thunking ) .
The driver model of Windows NT 3.1/3.5/4.0 ( “ Windows NT Driver Model ” ) and classic Windows ( “ VxD ” ) was different , so Windows 98 ( successor of Windows 95 ) and Windows 2000 ( successor to Windows NT 4.0 ) both supported the new “ Windows Driver Model ” .
A single driver could now work on both operating systems , but each OS continued to support their original driver mode .
When Microsoft switched the home users to the NT codebase , most current applications , games and drivers worked on Windows XP as well .
It was only the system tools that had to be rewritten .
Windows 9X to Windows NT Change New OS Running new applications Native Running old applications Win16 : Thunking
Win32 : Native Running old drivers Providing the same API for the old OS Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Providing the same API for the old OS
Windows i386 ( Win32 ) to Windows x64/x86_64 ( Win64 )
The switch from 32 bit Windows to 64 bit Windows is currently in progress : Windows XP was the first version to be available for AMD64 / Intel64 , and both Windows Vista and Windows 7 are available as both 32 bit and 64 bit editions .
On the 64 bit edition , the kernel is 64 bit native , and so are all libraries and most applications .
The 32 bit API is still supported using the “ WOW64 ” ( Windows - on - Windows 64 - bit ) subsystem : A 32 bit application links against all 32 bit libraries , but the low - level API calls it wants to make get translated by the WOW64 DLL into their 64 bit counterparts .
Since drivers run in the same address space as the kernel , 32 bit drivers could not be easily supported on 64 bit Windows , and thus are not .
Support for DOS and Win16 applications was dropped on 64 bit Windows .
Windows i386 ( Win32 ) to Windows x64/x86_64 ( Win64 ) Change New CPU mode / bitness Running new applications Native Running old applications Thunking Running old drivers
Not supported Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Macintosh on 68 K to Macintosh on PowerPC
Apple switched their computers from using Motorola 68 K processors to Motorola / IBM PowerPC processors between 1994 and 1996 .
Since the Macintosh operating system , called System 7 at that time , was mostly written in 68 K assembly , it could not be easily converted into a PowerPC operating system .
Instead , most of the system was run in emulation :
The new “ nanokernel ” handled and dispatched interrupts and did some basic memory management to abstract away the PowerPC , and the tightly integrated 68 K emulator ran the old operating system code , which was modified to hook into the nanokernel for interrupts and memory management .
So System 7.1.2 for PowerPC was basically a paravirtualized operating system running inside emulation on top of a very thin hypervisor .
The first version of Mac OS for PowerPC ran most of the operating system inside 68 K emulation , even drivers , but some performance - sensitive code was native .
The executable loader detected binaries with PowerPC code in them and could run them natively inside the same context .
Most communication to the OS APIs went back through the emulator .
Later versions of Mac OS replaced more and more of the 68 K code with PowerPC code .
Macintosh on 68 K to Macintosh on PowerPC Change New CPU
Running new applications Thunking Running old applications Paravirtualized old OS in emulator Running old drivers Paravirtualized old OS in emulator Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Classic Mac OS to Mac OS X
Just like Microsoft switched from Windows to Windows NT , Apple switched from Classic Mac OS to Mac OS X . While Classic Mac OS was a hacky OS with cooperative multitasking and without memory protection that still ran some of the OS code in 68 K emulation , Mac OS X was based on NEXTSTEP , a modern UNIX - like operating system with a completely different API .
When Apple decided to migrate towards a new operating system , they ported the system libraries of Classic Mac OS ( “ Toolbox ” ) to Mac OS X , omitting the calls that could not be supported on the modern OS ( and replacing them with alternatives ) , and called the new API “ Carbon ” .
They provided the same API for ( Classic ) Mac OS 8.1 in 1998 , so developers could already update their applications for OS X , while maintaining compatibility with Classic Mac OS .
When Mac OS X was introduced in 2001 , binaries of “ carbonized ” applications would then run unmodified on both operating systems .
This is similar to the “ make Windows more like Windows NT ” approach by Microsoft .
But since not all applications were expected to exist as carbonized versions with the introduction of OS X , the new operating system also contained a virtual machine called “ Classic ” or “ Blue Box ” in which the unmodified Mac OS 9 was run together with any number of legacy applications .
Hooks were installed inside the VM to route network and filesystem requests to the host OS , and window manager integration allowed the two desktop environments to blend almost seamlessly together .
Classic Mac OS to Mac OS X Change New OS Running new applications Native Running old applications Classic : Virtual machine with old OS
Carbon : Intermediate API for both systems Running old drivers Virtual machine with old OS Porting applications Intermediate API for both systems
Mac OS X on PowerPC to Mac OS X on Intel
In 2005 , Apple announced that they would switch CPUs a second time , this time away from the PowerPC towards the Intel i386 architecture .
Being a modern operating system mostly written in C and Objective C , it could be easily ported to i386 – actually , Apple claims that they have always maintained i386 versions of the whole operating systems since the first release .
In order to run legacy applications that had not yet been ported to i386 , Apple included the emulator “ Rosetta ” with the operating system ; but this time , it was not tighltly integrated into the kernel as with the 68 K to PowerPC switch , but the kernel only added support to run an external recompiler with the application as a parameter whenever a PowerPC application was launched .
Rosetta translated all application code as well as the libraries it linked against , and interfaced to the native OS kernel .
Mac OS X on PowerPC to Mac OS X on Intel Change New CPU Running new applications Native Running old applications User mode emulator Running old drivers Not supported Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Mac OS X ( 32 bit ) to Mac OS X ( 64 bit )
The next switch for Apple was the migration from 32 bit Intel ( i386 ) to 64 bit ( x86_64 ) in Mac OS X 10.4 in 2006 .
Although the whole operating system could have been ported to 64 , as it was done with Windows , Apple decided to take an approach which is closer to the Windows 95 one :
The kernel stayed 32 bit , but got support for 64 bit user applications .
All applications and drivers on the system were still 32 bit , but some system libraries were also available as ported 64 bit versions .
A 64 bit application thus linked against 64 bit libraries , and made 64 bit syscalls that were converted to 32 bit calls inside the kernel .
Mac OS X 10.5 then provided all libraries in 64 bit versions , but the kernel remained 32 bit .
OS X 10.6 will be the first version with a 64 bit kernel , requiring new 64 bit drivers .
Mac OS X ( 32 bit ) to Mac OS X ( 64 bit ) Change New CPU mode / bitness Running new applications Thunking Running old applications Native Running old drivers Native Porting applications Carbon : Not supported
Cocoa :
High level of source compatibility
AmigaOS on 68 K to AmigaOS on PowerPC
The Amiga platform was the same OS on the same 68 K CPU architecture in the Commodore days between 1985 and 1994 , but third - party manufacturers offered PowerPC CPU upgrade boards since 1997 .
The closed source operating system could not be ported to PowerPC by these third parties , so AmigaOS continued to run on the 68 K CPU , and an extension in the binary loader detected PowerPC code and handed it off to the other CPU .
All system calls then went though a thunking library back to the 68 K .
AmigaOS 4 ( 2006 ) is a native port of AmigaOS to the PowerPC , which was a major effort , since a lot of operating system code had to be converted from BCPL to C first .
68 K application support is done by emulating the binary code and interfacing it to the native API .
AmigaOS on 68 K to AmigaOS on PowerPC ( 3.x ) Change New CPU Running new applications Thunking ( new CPU ) Running old applications Native ( old CPU ) Running old drivers Native Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
AmigaOS on 68 K to AmigaOS on PowerPC ( 4.0 ) Change New CPU Running new applications Native Running old applications User mode emulator Running old drivers Not supported Porting applications
High level of source compatibility
Palm OS on 68 K to Palm OS on ARM
Palm switched from 68 K processors to the ARM architecture with Palm OS 5 in 2002 .
The operating system was ported to ARM , and a the “ Palm Application Compatibility Environment ” ( “ PACE ” ) 68 K emulator was included to run old applications .
But Palm discouraged developers from switching to ARM code and did not even provide an environment in the OS to run native ARM applications .
They claimed that most applications on Palm OS did most of their work in the native operating system code anyway , so they would not see a significant speedup .
But for applications that were heavily CPU bound and contained compression or crypto code , Palm provided a way to run small chunks of native ARM code inside a 68 K application .
These “ ARMlets ” ( later called “ PNOlets ” for “ Palm Native Object ” ) could be called from 68 K code and provided a minimal interface with a single integer for input and output , so the developer had to write the code to pass extra parameters in structs and care about endianness and alignment .
ARM code could neither call back to 68 K code , nor could it call operating systems API directly .
Sticking with 68 K code for most applications practically meant having a virtual architecture for user mode programs , not unlike Java or .NET .
The switch to ARM was mostly unnoticed by developers , and this approach could have allowed Palm to switch architectures again in the future with little effort .
Palm OS on 68 K to Palm OS on ARM Change New CPU Running new applications
Not supported ( PNOlet for subroutines ) Running old applications User mode emulation Running old drivers Not supported Porting applications
Not supported ( PNOlet for subroutines )
Summary
Let us summarize the OS and CPU switches and how the different vendors approached their respective problems .
Bitness
Switching to a new CPU mode is the easiest change in an operating system , since old applications code can run natively , and API calls can be translated .
An operating system can either stay in the old bitness and convert calls from new applications for the old system , or move up to the new bitness and convert calls fom old applications .
There are also two ways where to hook the calls :
An operating systems could hook into high - level API calls like creating a GUI window , but this is hard to do , since the high - level API is typically very wide , and it is very hard to get a converter for so many calls correct and compatible .
Alternatively , the OS can convert low - level system calls .
With this solution , the interface is quite narrow .
But since all old applications link against the old libraries and new applications against the new libraries , equivalent libraries will end up twice in memory if the user runs old and new applications concurrently .
New CPU mode / bitness OS
Old mode New mode Thunking direction Thunking level Windows 16 bit 32 bit new to old library Windows NT 32 bit 64 bit old to new kernel Mac OS X 32 bit 64 bit new to old kernel
For the 16 to 32 bit switch in Windows , the operating system stayed 16 bit and converted 32 bit calls into 16 bit calls at the API level .
When Windows NT switched from 32 bit to 64 bit , the whole OS became 64 bit , and low - level kernel calls were converted for old applications .
The same switch was done differently on Mac OS X : The OS stayed 32 bit , and 64 bit calls were translated at the kernel level .
The solutions of Windows NT and Mac OS X are quite similar , as they both run all 32 bit code with 32 bit libraries , and all 64 bit code with 64 bit libraries , and it is just the kernel that is different .
For Windows , this has the advantage of having access to more than 4 GB in kernel mode , as well as some speedup from the new registers in x86_64 long mode , and for Mac OS X , it has the advantage of running old 32 bit drivers unmodified .
( In a second step , Mac OS X later switched to a 64 bit kernel . )
CPU
It is harder to switch to a new CPU , because the new CPU just cannot run the old application code any more , and some operating systems cannot be easily adapted to a new CPU .
New CPU OS Old CPU New CPU Running old apps Thunking level CP/M , DOS 8080 / Z80 8086 Developer has to recompile – Macintosh 68 K PowerPC Run OS and app in emulation – Mac OS X PowerPC i386 User mode emulation kernel Amiga 68 K PowerPC Dual - CPU thunking library Palm 68 K ARM User mode emulation library
Mac OS X Intel and Palm OS ARM were written in a platform independent enough way so that they could be ported to the new architecture .
They both included recompilers that ran the old code .
This is the easy way .
Amiga OS could not be ported , because the source code was not available .
So systems had both CPUs , the original operating system code ran on the old CPU , and new applications ran on the new CPU , switching back to the old CPU for system calls .
For Classic Macintosh ( 68 K to PowerPC ) , the OS source code was available , but could not be ported easily , so it was done similarly to the Amiga , although with a single CPU :
Most of the old operating system ran inside emulation , and new applications ran natively , calling back into the emulator for system calls .
DOS was a reimplementation of the old OS by a different company that did not support running old binary code .
Instead , it made the developer recompile their code .
OS
Switching to a new operating system , but keeping your users and developers is the hardest of all switches .
New OS Old OS New OS Running old apps CP / M DOS Compatible API DOS Windows Virtual machine with old OS DOS Windows NT API emulation Windows 9X Windows NT Compatible API Mac OS Mac OS X Classic : Virtual machine with old OS
Carbon : Compatible API
The approach to take depends on the plans with the API of the old operating system .
If the API is good enough to be worth supporting in the new OS , the new OS should just have the same API .
This has been the case for the CP / M to DOS and the Windows 9X to Windows NT migrations .
In a way , this was also true for Classic Mac OS to Mac OS X , but in this case , Carbon was not the main API of the new OS , but one of three APIs ( Carbon , Cocoa , Java ; while everything but Cocoa is pretty much deprectated today ) .
If the old API is not worth maintaining on the new OS , but it is important that old applications run very well , it makes sense to run the old operating system in a virtual machine , together with its applications .
This was done by Windows to run DOS applications as well as Mac OS X to run old Mac OS applications .
If the OS interface of the old operating system is relatively small and easy , or perfect accuracy is not necessary , the best solution might be API emulation , i.e. hooking the system calls of the old application and mapping them into the new operating system .
This was done by Windows NT to run DOS applications , and was only moderately compatible .
Conclusion
It is interesting how different the solutions for all these OS migrations were :
There have been hardly two instances that followed the same approach .
The reason for it might be that the situations were all subtly different , and a lot of time was spend to work out the perfect solution for the specific problem .
But there is a trend that can be seen :
As systems are getting more modern , solutions tend to get less hacky , and migrations tend to happen in many small steps instead of few big steps .
Modern operating systems like Windows NT and Mac OS X can be ported to new architectures quite easily , emulators help running old applications , and thunking can be used to interface with the native syscall interface .
Because of the abstractions in a system , an operating system can be ported to a new architecture or a new CPU bitness in steps , with some parts in the new system , and others still in the old system .
These abstractions also allow developers swapping out complete subsystems or rearchitecting parts of the operating system without much user impact .
It is getting more and more convenient for OS developers – but unfortunately , it ’s also getting less exciting .
Links
1234
An Afghan government commission has concluded that 140 civilians were killed in the United States air strikes in the Farah Province last week , and are providing relatives with $ 2,000 for each slain civilian .
The findings provided further confirmation that the attack was the single deadliest incident of US forces killing Afghan civilians since the 2001 invasion .
The US military has yet to admit to the toll , claiming it is “ extremely over - exaggerated . ”
They insist that only around 50 were killed in the attack , and that most of them were insurgents .
This was in stark contrast to its previous claims that the entire incident was manufactured out of wholecloth by the Taliban , who captured scores of civilians , killed them with hand grenades , stored them in a house then tricked the US into blowing up the house .
The deaths have led Afghan President Hamid Karzai to demand that the international forces end all air strikes in the country .
US officials have insisted that the attacks must continue in spite of Afghan opposition , and National Security Adviser James Jones said he believed President Karzai would understand .
Sardine Run
Every year , between the months of May and July , many millions of silvery sardines travel north from the cold southern oceans off South Africa ’s Cape Point , hugging the shore as they make their way up along the coastlines of the former Transkei ( northern Eastern Cape ) and KwaZulu - Natal in what is commonly known as the annual Sardine Run .
These small fish migrate from the colder waters of the Cape into the warm sub-tropical waters of the former Transkei ( northern Eastern Cape ) and KwaZulu - Natal in a northwards direction , coming close to shore in the South Coast area during autumn and winter , moving further offshore in the Durban area and finally , disappearing into the vast blue yonder .
Because of the cold currents along this stretch of coastline and their appetite for plankton , these fish converge close to the shoreline and to the surface , making ideal targets for hungry predators and perfect viewing for snorkellers and scuba divers .
Visible even by satellite , these famous sardine shoals travel in seething masses stretching for up to fifteen kilometres in length , three and a half kilometres wide and nearly forty metres deep .
THE FEEDING FRENZY
The sardines shoal closely together minimising their chances of being taken by predators .
Picture tens of thousands of birds plunging from the sky , feeding on the fish , with larger game fish and numerous species of sharks all feasting on the wealth of food that is available .
The numbers and variety of sharks is astounding : Bronze Whalers , Zambezies , Hammerheads , Coppers and Great Whites can be seen by the hundreds .
Bottlenose and Common dolphins join in the excitement and employ a hunting strategy that works the shoals into what is referred to as a “ baitball ” .
By working together , like sheepdogs in a field of sheep , the dolphins herd the sardines into a tight ball and push them towards the surface .
The dolphins then pounce on them , gorging themselves on the tiny fish .
AN UNEXPLAINED PHENOMENON
In South Africa , the main spawning grounds for these fish are off the Southern Cape coast , where the adults gather for a prolonged breeding season through the spring and early summer .
Their eggs are simply released into the water , fertilized and left to drift off in the open ocean .
The ocean currents carry most of the developing larvae westwards and northwards into the waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the West Coast .
Therefore , the migration of large shoals of sardines into the waters of southern KwaZulu - Natal during the winter months , remains an unexplained phenomenon !
This is an event for everyone to enjoy – be it bird watchers , marine - life enthusiasts , amateur or highly experienced divers or snorkellers .
Experience the Sardine Run beneath the waves or above .
Either way it has been described as one of the greatest marine spectacles on earth .
Via Sardinerun.com
While our government scratches its chin over the evils of overpriced cellphone text messaging , technology is fighting the battle faster .
Specifically , Apple 's new " push notifications " system -- and others like it -- could start the disruption process that could force wireless carriers to price text messages far cheaper than they are today .
AOL 's new AIM app for the iPhone -- available now in free , ad - supported , and $ 2.99 , no - ad flavors -- is the start .
It 's the first major IM app for the iPhone 's new 3.0 software that includes push notifications .
What does that mean ?
It means that when you receive an IM , no matter what you 're doing , the iPhone pops up an alert message and a cue to open the AIM app to reply .
Just the way text messages show up on the iPhone .
In our brief tests last night and this morning , it 's not quite there yet -- but it 's getting close .
AIM 's alerts work most of the time , instantly alerting you to a new message .
But at one point , they stopped working with no warning , and did n't start working again until we cycled push notifications off and on in the iPhone 's settings section .
No big deal .
We assume these are kinks that will work themselves out , and soon , iPhone users will be able to get instant messages as quickly and reliably as text messages , all the time .
( And because push notifications use the iPhone 's data signal -- including wi-fi -- they can even work where AT&T 's cell signal does not .
Such as in my Brooklyn garden apartment . )
Again , this is just the beginning .
We expect IM software companies like Meebo or eBuddy to release IM apps with push notifications that connect to all major services , including AIM , Google chat , Facebook chat , Yahoo and MSN Messenger , etc. , within weeks .
Someone will eventually release Twitter apps that send you push notifications for direct messages or @replies .
And so forth .
What does this mean for AT&T and other carriers ?
Not much yet , because most people will still probably stick with the text messaging plan they 're paying for today .
But it could eventually mean cheaper text messages for everyone .
I can assure you that the day I get the people who SMS me the most -- most of whom have iPhones -- sending me IMs instead of texts , I 'll drop down to the $ 5 / month , 200 text message plan , from the $ 15 / month , 1500 text message plan I 'm on today .
That 's a $ 10 reduction -- 12 % -- in my monthly AT&T bill ( before taxes and fees ) .
That adds up : $ 120 a year I 'll be saving , thanks to Apple , or $ 240 spread over the life of my contract .
And because that 's very high - margin revenue , I will be a less lucrative subscriber to AT&T .
( For U.S. carriers , data revenue -- driven by text messaging -- is 20 % to 25 % of their revenue , and much of their growth . )
So how can they keep me spending all that money ?
They can't .
One last - ditch effort is to include multimedia messaging -- photos and videos -- in their plans .
But those sorts of things are just as easily posted to Twitpic and YouTube and linked to in an email , tweet , or IM .
That wo n't be enough for me .
In the long run , as the SMS and MMS message formats lose their exclusivity , carriers will have to eventually offer them for less .
How ?
They could cut the costs for single - use messages -- currently a laughable ripoff at more than 20 cents per message sent / received .
Or they could offer more messages as part of their monthly buckets -- making each message cheaper .
Or they could at least offer more subscription options .
For example , it 's annoying that AT&T does n't offer a messaging plan between $ 5 and $ 15 a month .
Now they might have to .
The biggest challenge now is getting push notifications rolled out on enough smartphone platforms and apps , so it 's more useful outside of packs of iPhone users .
BlackBerry maker RIM is starting , Google could easily , etc .
Then we 'll need to make sure carriers do n't disable or disturb them out of competitive nervousness .
( So far , there 's no precedent for " net neutrality " on mobile networks -- telcos can pretty much block stuff at will .
If a carrier blocked or delayed smartphone platform - based push notifications , that could be the start . )
In summary , the idea is n't to completely replace text messaging overnight -- that wo n't happen .
But if it can replace some text messaging for most people -- and most text messaging for some people -- it could truly be disruptive .
SEE ALSO : 10 Ways The iPhone Changed Smartphones Forever
In a recent podcast , Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller fame says he 's against banning games like RapeLay because it " normalizes sexual violence . "
In a seven - minute Penn Says video ( also available on YouTube ) , Jillette notes that murder has been a central point of entertainment throughout history , pointing out that many Shakespearean plays feature violence and death , and questions why rape , while a horrible crime , would be the focus of such an uproar while killing is barely worth a PG13 rating .
He makes an even more interesting argument when he suggests that blaming and banning the game as a catalyst for rape would " normalize sexual violence " more than the game itself .
" I think that blaming a video game for rape is normalizing violent sexual behavior .
What that says is that we are all rapists and that rape is just under the surface of us and all we need is a video game to just push us a little way , " he says in the video .
" What blaming the video game does is it shows compassion for the rapist .
It shows understanding .
At some level , in some small amount , it says , ' It 's not really the rapist 's fault ; it 's society 's fault for putting this stuff out here ' . "
While best known as the big , talking half of the Penn & Teller comedy magic team , Jillette is also an outspoken atheist and libertarian , views that regularly come to the fore in the duo's Showtime documentary series Penn & Teller : Bulls --t!
via : GamePolitics
The power struggle inside Iran ’s political class appeared to be intensifying , with reformist and conservative leaders exchanging sharp statements Sunday that blamed each other for last week ’s deadly street violence , while authorities arrested five family members of one of the nation ’s most prominent politicians .
The divide between Iran ’s senior clerics over the direction of the country took on a harsh public tone on a day when an uneasy calm settled over the streets of Tehran .
There was no repetition of Saturday ’s bloody battles between state security forces and demonstrators protesting what they say was a fixed presidential election that kept hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in power .
But state - owned Press TV reported that the authorities had detained five relatives of former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani -- a senior cleric and an architect of the 1979 Islamic Revolution who is a key backer of reformist opposition candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi .
Among those in custody was Faezeh Hashemi , Rafsanjani ’s eldest daughter , who was picked up Saturday after she addressed a rally of Mousavi supporters .
All five were later released , according to Press TV and the Associated Press .
Advertisement
The arrests signaled the persistence of rivalries and disputes among Iran ’s senior clerics .
Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei supports Ahmadinejad , while reformers such as Rafsanjani back the opposition .
Mousavi appeared unwilling to bend , issuing a statement Sunday on his website telling supporters that “ protesting against lies and fraud is your right . ”
His words , however , also cautioned against using violence , urging those who have taken to the streets to “ continue to show restraint . ”
His statement came as tension seemed to ease between security forces and protesters after clashes Saturday in which at least 13 people were killed .
Western officials believe the death toll nationwide has reached 100 since the protests began .
Advertisement
Some news agencies reported sporadic gunshots in Tehran neighborhoods Sunday evening .
There were no reports of casualties .
A source inside Tehran ’s Evin Prison said nearly 1,000 people were detained Saturday .
Many were released by the morning .
But the aftermath of Saturday ’s demonstrations was an atmosphere of blame and recrimination as security forces labeled protesters “ terrorists , ” and demonstrators condemned the harsh tactics of government - backed militias .
The public nature of the dispute deepened the sense of a struggle at the heart of the Islamic Republic and has led to uncertainty about whether the two sides can recalibrate their strategies to keep the nation from sliding into further chaos .
--
Advertisement
‘ Dangerous ’
The outcry from reformists continues .
Another former president and a moderate leader , Mohammad Khatami , openly blamed the nation ’s conservative leadership for the days of chaos and violence .
“ Preventing people from expressing their demands through civil ways will have dangerous consequences , ” Khatami , a Mousavi ally , said in a statement , the semiofficial Mehr news agency reported .
Meanwhile , Ali Larijani , the conservative speaker of parliament , who for days had been supporting Khamenei , suggested that Iranians had lost faith in a legal system that validated the disputed June 12 election results that gave Ahmadinejad a wide victory .
Advertisement
“ Although the Guardian Council is made up of religious individuals , ” said Larijani , referring to the board that oversees elections , “ I wish certain members would not side with a certain presidential candidate . ”
Yet authorities continued to make it clear that they were prepared to use force to shut down the brawling protests that have rocked the capital and other cities .
Reuters reported that Iran Police Chief Ismail Ahmadi Moghaddam told opposition leader Mousavi that “ bandits are acting in the shadow of the illegal atmosphere created by you . ”
And the Press TV website called the protests “ a torrent of illegal rallies . ”
Meanwhile , Iranian hard - liners continued to accuse the United States and other Western countries of interfering in the country ’s domestic affairs .
Advertisement
On Sunday , Ahmadinejad reportedly rebuked the West during a meeting of clerics and scholars .
“ Definitely , by hasty remarks , you will not be placed in the circle of friendship with the Iranian nation , ” the president said , according to the Reuters news agency .
“ Therefore I advise you to correct your interfering stances . ”
--
‘ Soft war ’
Advertisement
The government has grown increasingly agitated by the protests and by what it perceives as meddling by Western powers and the media .
The U.S. and Britain have denied the accusations .
But government - owned IRIB TV launched a scathing attack on the BBC ’s Persian channel , accusing it of using tactics reminiscent of Britain ’s imperial days .
“ Soft war is a neo -colonialist method to intervene in the domestic affairs of other countries , ” Iran TV stated .
“ In order to achieve its colonialist goals , it tries to change other countries ’ situations through the BBC channel by broadcasting false reports and contradictory analysis . ”
Jon Leyne , the BBC ’s Tehran bureau chief , was given 24 hours to leave the country .
And Maziar Bahari , a correspondent for Newsweek , was reportedly arrested at his home Sunday morning , the magazine said .
Advertisement
Remaining foreign journalists have been warned not to go to the scenes of unauthorized demonstrations .
Khamenei appears unmoved by international criticism .
He has rebuffed Mousavi ’s demand that the election be annulled and has instead turned to security forces and government - backed militias to crack down on protesters .
The arrests of Rafsanjani ’s family members caught some observers by surprise , however , particularly since Khamenei had appeared to reach out to his rival during a sermon Friday .
Rafsanjani , 75 , sits on two influential organizations , including one that can elect and dismiss the supreme leader .
He heads the Expediency Council , which mediates disputes between parliament and the presidency , and the Assembly of Experts , which oversees the office of the supreme leader .
Advertisement
The conservative , privately owned Fars news agency quoted a security official as saying the detentions of Rafsanjani ’s family members were carried out to protect them from assassination by terrorist groups and rioters who would blame the government in an effort to create more turmoil .
--
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
Times staff writer Borzou Daragahi in Tehran contributed to this report .
And Twitter , the fastest growing online social network , which is being adopted practically en masse by politicians , celebrities ...
Texting has been a boon for telecoms .
Giants Verizon Wireless and AT&T each charge 20 to 25 cents a message , or $ 20 for unlimited texts .
Verizon has 86 million subscribers , while AT&T 's wireless service has 78.2 million .
U.S. mobile users sent an average of 357 texts per month in the second quarter of 2008 versus an average of 204 calls , the report said .
His optimism was clearly on the mark .
Text messaging has become the prevalent form of mobile communication worldwide .
Americans are sending more text messages than making calls on their cellphones , according to a Nielsen Mobile report released last year .
Before his typewriter experiment , Hillebrand had an argument with a friend about whether 160 characters provided enough space to communicate most thoughts .
" My friend said this was impossible for the mass market , " Hillebrand said .
" I was more optimistic . "
The communications researcher and a dozen others had been laying out the plans to standardize a technology that would allow cellphones to transmit and display text messages .
Because of tight bandwidth constraints of the wireless networks at the time -- which were mostly used for car phones -- each message would have to be as short as possible .
" This is perfectly sufficient , " he recalled thinking during that epiphany of 1985 , when he was 45 years old .
" Perfectly sufficient . "
That became Hillebrand 's magic number -- and set the standard for one of today 's most popular forms of digital communication : text messaging .
As he went along , Hillebrand counted the number of letters , numbers , punctuation marks and spaces on the page .
Each blurb ran on for a line or two and nearly always clocked in under 160 characters .
Alone in a room in his home in Bonn , Germany , Friedhelm Hillebrand sat at his typewriter , tapping out random sentences and questions on a sheet of paper .
... and news outlets , has its very DNA in text messaging .
To avoid the need for splitting cellular text messages into multiple parts , the creators of Twitter capped the length of a tweet at 140 characters , keeping the extra 20 for the user 's unique address .
Back in 1985 , of course , the guys who invented Twitter were probably still playing with Matchbox cars .
Credit : Friedhelm Hillebrand
Hillebrand found new confidence after his rather unscientific investigations .
As chairman of the nonvoice services committee within the Global System for Mobile Communications ( GSM ) , a group that sets standards for the majority of the global mobile market , he pushed forward the group 's plans in 1986 .
All cellular carriers and mobile phones , they decreed , must support the short messaging service ( SMS ) .
Looking for a data pipeline that would fit these micro messages , Hillebrand came up with the idea to harness a secondary radio channel that already existed on mobile networks .
This smaller data lane had been used only to alert a cellphone about reception strength and to supply it with bits of information regarding incoming calls .
Voice communication itself had taken place via a separate signal .
" We were looking to a cheap implementation , " Hillebrand said on the phone from Bonn .
" Most of the time , nothing happens on this control link .
So , it was free capacity on the system . "
Initially , Hillebrand 's team could fit only 128 characters into that space , but that did n't seem like nearly enough .
With a little tweaking and a decision to cut down the set of possible letters , numbers and symbols that the system could represent , they squeezed out room for another 32 characters .
Still , his committee wondered , would the 160 - character maximum be enough space to prove a useful form of communication ?
Having zero market research , they based their initial assumptions on two " convincing arguments , " Hillebrand said .
For one , they found that postcards often contained fewer than 150 characters .
Second , they analyzed a set of messages sent through Telex , a then - prevalent telegraphy network for business professionals .
Despite not having a technical limitation , Hillebrand said , Telex transmissions were usually about the same length as postcards .
Just look at your average e-mail today , he noted .
Many can be summed up in the subject line , and the rest often contains just a line or two of text asking for a favor or updating about a particular project .
But length was n't SMS 's only limitation .
" The input was cumbersome , " Hillebrand said .
With multiple letters being assigned to each number button on the keypad , finding a single correct letter could take three or four taps .
Typing out a sentence or two was a painstaking task .
A GSM document outlining the definition of SMS .
Credit : Friedhelm Hillebrand .
Later , software such as T9 , which predicts words based on the first few letters typed by the user , QWERTY keyboards such as the BlackBerry 's and touchscreen keyboards including the iPhone 's made the process more palatable .
But even with these inconveniences , text messaging took off .
Fast .
Hillebrand never imagined how quickly and universally the technology would be adopted .
What was originally devised as a portable paging system for craftsmen using their cars as a mobile office is now the preferred form of on - the - go communication for cellphone users of all ages .
" Nobody had foreseen how fast and quickly the young people would use this , " Hillebrand said .
He 's still fascinated by stories of young couples breaking up via text message .
When he tells the story of his 160 - character breakthrough , Hillebrand says , people assume he 's rich .
But he 's not .
There are no text message royalties .
He does n't receive a couple of pennies each time someone sends a text , like songwriters do for radio airplay .
Though " that would be nice , " Hillebrand said .
Now Hillebrand lives in Bonn , managing Hillebrand & Partners , a technology patent consulting firm .
He has written a book about the creation of GSM , a $ 255 hardcover tome .
Following an early retirement that did n't take , Hillebrand is pondering his next project .
Multimedia messaging could benefit from regulation , he said .
With so many different cellphones taking photos , videos and audio in a variety of formats , you can never be sure whether your friend 's phone will be able to display it .
But he 's hoping to make a respectable salary for the work this time .
-- Mark Milian
Programming Ruby 1.9 ( The New Pickaxe ) Now In Print
By Peter Cooper
Whether you love it or not , as a Rubyist you probably have a copy of Programming Ruby ( also known as The Pickaxe ) floating about .
It was the first English language Ruby book to be published and was instrumental in boosting Ruby 's popularity in the early noughties .
Now , after quite some time , the latest , third , edition of Programming Ruby has gone into print and is now available in both print and PDF / e- book formats .
Direct from the publisher , The Pragmatic Programmers , you can pick it up as a eBook +
Paper Book package for $ 59.95 , an eBook only for $ 25 , or the print version for $ 49.95 .
If you want to save some pennies , Amazon has the print copy for $ 32.97 ( not an affiliate link ) .
The third edition of the Pickaxe is notable as the only complete reference for Ruby 1.9 ( and the standard library ) so if you want to be up to speed , fill your boots .
O'Reilly 's The Ruby Programming Language , by David Flanagan and Yukihiro " Matz " Matsumoto also covers 1.9 but is n't quite as up to date and presents Ruby in a more walkthrough fashion .
Programming Ruby now clocks in at a stomping 960 pages , quite a growth on the 800 page second edition ..!
Author and Page information
This page : https://www.globalissues.org/issue/178/climate-change-and-global-warming.
To print all information ( e.g. expanded side notes , shows alternative links ) , use the print version : https://www.globalissues.org/print/issue/178
Global warming and climate change is looked at in this section of the global issues web site .
Introduced are some of the effects of climate change .
In addition , this section attempts to provide insights into what governments , companies , international institutions , and other organizations are attempting to do about this issue , as well as the challenges they face .
Some of the major conferences in recent years are also discussed .
32 articles on “ Climate Change and Global Warming ” and 1 related issue :
Climate Change and Global Warming Introduction Last updated Sunday , February 01 , 2015 .
The climate is changing .
The earth is warming up , and there is now overwhelming scientific consensus that it is happening , and human - induced .
With global warming on the increase and species and their habitats on the decrease , chances for ecosystems to adapt naturally are diminishing .
Many are agreed that climate change may be one of the greatest threats facing the planet .
Recent years show increasing temperatures in various regions , and / or increasing extremities in weather patterns .
This section looks at what causes climate change , what the impacts are and where scientific consensus currently is .
Read “ Climate Change and Global Warming Introduction ” to learn more .
UN Framework Convention on Climate Change Last updated Saturday , December 25 , 2004 .
The world mostly agrees that something needs to be done about global warming and climate change .
The first stumbling block , however , has been trying to get an agreement on a framework .
In 1988 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) was created by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) and the World Meterological Organization ( WMO ) to assess the scientific knowledge on global warming .
The IPCC concluded in 1990 that there was broad international consensus that climate change was human - induced .
That report led way to an international convention for climate change , the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , signed by over 150 countries at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 .
This section looks at this Convention and some of the main principles in it .
Read “ UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ” to learn more .
Reactions to Climate Change Negotiations and Action Last updated Monday , March 05 , 2012 .
The United States plus a few other countries , and many large corporations , have opposed climate change treaties seemingly afraid of profit impacts if they have to make substantial changes to how they do business .
However , as more climate change science has emerged over the years , many businesses are accepting this and even asking their governments for more action so that there is quick clarification on the new rules of the game so they can get on with their businesses .
This section explores some of those fears to see if they are justified or not .
Read “ Reactions to Climate Change Negotiations and Action ” to learn more .
Action on climate change is cheaper than inaction Posted Monday , February 02 , 2015 .
Many are afraid that tackling climate change is going to be too costly .
But increasingly , studies are showing action will not just be cheaper than inaction , but could actually result in economic , environmental and even health benefits , while improving sustainability .
Read “ Action on climate change is cheaper than inaction ” to learn more .
Global Warming , Spin and Media Last updated Saturday , October 19 , 2013 .
For many years , large , influential businesses and governments have been against the idea of global warming .
Many have poured a lot of resources into discrediting what has generally been accepted for a long time as real .
Now , the mainstream is generally worried about climate change impacts and the discourse seems to have shifted accordingly .
Some businesses that once engaged in disinformation campaigns have even changed their opinions , some even requesting governments for regulation and direction on this issue .
However , a few influential companies and organizations are still attempting to undermine climate change action and concerns .
Will all this mean a different type of spin and propaganda with attempts at green washing and misleading information becoming the norm , or will there now be major shift in attitudes to see concrete solutions being proposed and implemented ?
Read “ Global Warming , Spin and Media ” to learn more .
Climate Justice and Equity Last updated Sunday , January 08 , 2012 .
For a number of years , there have been concerns that climate change negotiations will essentially ignore a key principle of climate change negotiation frameworks : the common but differentiated responsibilities .
Realizing that greenhouse emissions remain in the atmosphere for a very long time , this principle recognizes that historically : Industrialized nations have emitted far more greenhouse gas emissions ( even if some developing nations are only now increasing theirs ) ;
Rich countries therefore face the biggest responsibility and burden for action to address climate change ; and
Rich countries therefore must support developing nations adapt — through financing and technology transfer , for example .
This notion of climate justice is typically ignored by many rich nations and their mainstream media , making it easy to blame China , India and other developing countries for failures in climate change mitigation negotiations .
Development expert , Martin Khor , calculated that taking historical emissions into account , the rich countries owe a carbon debt because they have already used more than their fair quota of emissions .
Yet , by 2050 when certain emission reductions are needed by , their reduced emissions will still add up to be go over their fair share :
However , rather than continue down the path of unequal development , industrialized nations can help pay off their carbon debt by truly helping emerging countries develop along a cleaner path , such as through the promised - but - barely - delivered technology transfer , finance , and capacity building .
So far however , rich nations have done very little within the Kyoto protocol to reduce emissions by any meaningful amount , while they are all for negotiating a follow on treaty that brings more pressure to developing countries to agree to emissions targets .
In effect , the more there will be delay the more the poor nations will have to save the Earth with their sacrifices ( and if it works , as history shows , the rich and powerful will find a way to rewrite history to claim they were the ones that saved the planet ) .
These issues are explored in more depth here .
Read “ Climate Justice and Equity ” to learn more .
Climate Change Flexibility Mechanisms Last updated Monday , April 02 , 2012 .
Flexibility mechanisms were defined in the Kyoto Protocol as different ways to achieve emissions reduction as part of the effort to address climate change issues .
These fall into the following categories : Emissions Trading , Joint Implementation and Clean Development Mechanism .
However , these have been highly controversial as they were mainly included on strong US insistence and to keep the US in the treaty ( even though the US eventually pulled out ) .
Some of the mechanisms face criticism for not actually leading to a reduction in emissions , for example .
Read “ Climate Change Flexibility Mechanisms ” to learn more .
Carbon Sinks , Forests and Climate Change Last updated Tuesday , October 29 , 2002 .
A mechanism suggested for tackling climate change and warming has been the idea of using Carbon Sinks to soak up carbon dioxide .
To aid in this , reforestation , or planting of new forests , have been suggested .
This is a popular strategy for the logging industry and nations with large forests interests .
While there may be some potential in this solution , it can not be effective on its own .
This is because it legitimizes continued destruction of old - growth and pristine forests which are rich ecosystems and have an established biodiversity base ( albeit shrinking now ) that naturally maintain the environment ( at no cost ! ) .
Creating new forest areas would require the creation of entire ecosystems .
It is also criticized for being a quick fix that does not tackle the root causes effectively and does not lead to , or promote actual emissions reduction .
Read “ Carbon Sinks , Forests and Climate Change ” to learn more .
Climate Change Affects Biodiversity Last updated Sunday , January 19 , 2014 .
Rapid global warming can affect an ecosystems chances to adapt naturally .
The Arctic is very sensitive to climate change and already seeing lots of changes .
Ocean biodiversity is already being affected as are other parts of the ecosystem .
Read “ Climate Change Affects Biodiversity ” to learn more .
Global Warming and Population Last updated Sunday , December 05 , 2010 .
It seems there has been a recent interest in associating climate change / global warming with “ over population ” and that countries such as China and India have to do more to help contain global warming .
Yet rich countries have a lot to do themselves .
There were agreed reasons why developing countries were exempt from initial greenhouse gas emission targets : it was the emissions from rich countries that accumulated in the atmosphere for so long to trigger climate change .
Read “ Global Warming and Population ” to learn more .
Coral Reefs Last updated Sunday , March 03 , 2013 .
One type of ecosystem that perhaps is neglected more than any other is perhaps also the richest in biodiversity — the coral reefs .
Coral reefs are useful to the environment and to people in a number of ways .
However , all around the world , much of the world ’s marine biodiversity face threats from human and activities as well as natural .
It is feared that very soon , many reefs could die off .
Read “ Coral Reefs ” to learn more .
Energy Security Last updated Sunday , May 15 , 2011 .
Energy security is a growing concern for rich and emerging nations alike .
The past drive for fossil fuel energy has led to wars , overthrow of democratically elected leaders , and puppet governments and dictatorships .
Leading nations admit we are addicted to oil , but investment into alternatives has been lacking , or little in comparison to fossil fuel investments .
As the global financial crisis takes hold and awareness of climate change increases , more nations and companies are trying to invest in alternatives .
But will the geopolitics remain the same ?
Read “ Energy Security ” to learn more .
Dominance and Change in the Arctic Last updated Sunday , June 06 , 2010 .
The Arctic region has long been considered international territory .
Five countries — Canada , Denmark ( via Greenland ) , Norway , Russia , and the United States — share a border with the frozen Arctic Ocean .
Some of these nations have claimed parts of the region to be their territory .
Underlying the interests in the area are potentially vast oil , gas and other resources , as well as the opening up of lucrative passages for trade and economic activity as climate change reduces the amount of ice in the region .
As a result , these nations have been vying for dominance in the Arctic .
Climate change provides an additional threat — not just to the local wildlife and indigenous populations that are already seeing their surroundings change rapidly , but to the rest of the planet , too .
While retreating sea ice may open up shipping routes , the regions ability to reflect sunlight back into space would diminish , further increasing climate change effects .
Read “ Dominance and Change in the Arctic ” to learn more .
Global Dimming Posted Saturday , January 15 , 2005 .
Research has shown that air pollutants from fossil fuel use make clouds reflect more of the sun ’s rays back into space .
This leads to an effect known as global dimming whereby less heat and energy reaches the earth .
At first , it sounds like an ironic savior to climate change problems .
However , it is believed that global dimming caused the droughts in Ethiopia in the 1970s and 80s where millions died , because the northern hemisphere oceans were not warm enough to allow rain formation .
Global dimming is also hiding the true power of global warming .
By cleaning up global dimming - causing pollutants without tackling greenhouse gas emissions , rapid warming has been observed , and various human health and ecological disasters have resulted , as witnessed during the European heat wave in 2003 , which saw thousands of people die .
Read “ Global Dimming ” to learn more .
COP20 — Lima Climate Conference Posted Saturday , January 24 , 2015 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 20 ) , held in Lima , Peru in December 2014 .
While it seemed like it was a successful meeting , because developing nations were committed to drawing up their own plans for emissions reductions for the first time , a number of important issues were left undecided such as how financing would work .
This page is an overview of the Lima Climate conference .
Read “ COP20 — Lima Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP19 — Warsaw Climate Conference Posted Monday , December 02 , 2013 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 19 ) , held in Warsaw , Poland in November 2013 .
Predictably and sadly , the same issues have resurfaced :
West stalling on doing anything , lack of funding , disagreement on priorities , etc .
This page is an overview of the Warsaw Climate conference .
Read “ COP19 — Warsaw Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP18 — Doha Climate Conference Posted Sunday , December 02 , 2012 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 18 ) , held in Doha , Qatar in December 2012 .
Predictably and sadly , the same issues have resurfaced : lack of media coverage , West stalling on doing anything , lack of funding , disagreement on how to address it , etc .
This page is an overview of the Doha Climate conference .
Read “ COP18 — Doha Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP17 — Durban Climate Conference Posted Wednesday , January 04 , 2012 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 17 ) , held in Durban , South Africa in December 2011 .
Predictably and sadly , the same issues have resurfaced : lack of media coverage , West stalling on doing anything trying to blame India and China instead , lack of funding , disagreement on how to address it , etc.
Geopolitical threats ( real and imaginary ) quickly focus a lot of political will and money is easily found to mobilize military forces when needed .
The economy also takes center stage as the current pressing issue , while climate change is easily deferred , in the hopes that the West can let China and India pick up the burden of addressing emissions even though they have not contributed to the historical build up of emissions that have started the recent changes in the climate .
This page is an overview of the Durban conference .
Read “ COP17 — Durban Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP16 — Cancún Climate Conference Posted Tuesday , January 04 , 2011 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 16 ) , held in Cancún , Mexico in the December 2010 .
This conference came a year after the Copenhagen conference which promised so much but offered so little .
It also came in the wake of WikiLeaks ’ revelations of how the US in particular tried to cajole various countries to support an accord that served US interests rather than the world ’s .
What resulted was an agreement that seems much watered down , even an almost reversal , from original aims and spirit of climate change mitigation .
In effect , the main polluters ( the industrialized nations ) who should have borne the brunt of any emission reduction targets , have managed to reduce their commitments while increasing those of the developing countries ; a great global warming swindle if any !
Read “ COP16 — Cancún Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP15 — Copenhagen Climate Conference Posted Wednesday , December 30 , 2009 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 15 ) , held in Copenhagen , Denmark , in the middle of December , 2009 .
There was a lot of hope and optimism before this conference that a meaningful climate negotiation could be agreed to , as climate change concerns are increasing rapidly .
Instead , a mixture of posturing from nations such as China and the US , and the inability for nations to agree on numerous issues led to a meeting failure .
But amongst the various reasons for failure are concerns that repeatedly show themselves every year at these climate conferences .
Read “ COP15 — Copenhagen Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP14 — Poznań Climate Conference Posted Thursday , January 01 , 2009 .
An overview of the Climate Change Conference ( also known as COP 14 ) , held in Poznań , Poland , at the beginning of December , 2008 .
As with past conferences , this too was not without its controversies .
For example , while the Adaptation Fund was launched the funding of it caused lots of disagreements .
The conference came at a time when Europe seemed to weaken their usually strong stance on climate change action and on news that in recent years , emissions from industrialized nations had risen .
Read “ COP14 — Poznań Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP13 — Bali Climate Conference Posted Tuesday , January 01 , 2008 .
The UN conference on climate change held in Bali , Indonesia in December 2007 led to a final agreement known as the “ Bali Roadmap ” .
The Bali Roadmap outlined a new negotiating process to be concluded by 2009 to feed into a post - Kyoto ( i.e. a post - 2012 ) international agreement on climate change .
The Roadmap included a decision to launch an Adaptation Fund as well as further decisions on technology transfer and on reducing emissions from deforestation .
However , as with past climate conferences , this was not without its controversies , especially Europe and developing countries ’ criticisms of the US position and negotiation tactics .
Read “ COP13 — Bali Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP11 — Montreal Climate Conference Posted Thursday , December 29 , 2005 .
December 2005 saw the eleventh session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) Conference of the Parties ( or , COP11 for short ) .
At the same time , the first Meeting of the Parties of the Protocol ( MOP 1 ) took place .
These meetings attempted to advance discussions on the future emission reductions and ways to help developing countries .
The US walked out at one point of the meeting , but were eventually convinced to come back to the conference .
The result , some felt , was a slightly weakened text , but something to build upon for the future .
Developing countries were also discussed , but issues of climate justice and equity seemed to be missing once again .
Read “ COP11 — Montreal Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP10 — Buenos Aires Climate Conference Posted Friday , December 24 , 2004 .
December 2004 saw the tenth session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) Conference of the Parties ( or , COP10 for short ) .
This marked the 10th anniversary of the Kyoto Protocol .
Countries were to discuss adaption measures , and the entry of the Kyoto Protocol into force .
In addition , some discussion on post - Kyoto was also attempted .
Read “ COP10 — Buenos Aires Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP8 — Delhi Climate Conference Last updated Saturday , November 02 , 2002 .
October 23 to November 1 , 2002 saw the eighth session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) Conference of the Parties ( or , COP8 for short ) .
Leading up to this conference there has still been little progress on reducing emissions .
Read “ COP8 — Delhi Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP7 — Marrakesh Climate Conference Posted Sunday , November 11 , 2001 .
October 29 to November 9 , 2001 saw the seventh session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) Conference of the Parties ( or , COP7 for short ) .
The purpose of the meeting was to agree legal text covering outstanding technical aspects of the political agreement reached in Bonn in July 2001 on how to implement the Kyoto Protocol .
While an agreement resulted , there are still concerns there will be little impact on emissions as a result .
Read “ COP7 — Marrakesh Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP6 — The Hague Climate Conference Last updated Tuesday , September 04 , 2001 .
November 13 to November 24 , 2000 saw the sixth session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) Conference of the Parties ( or , COP6 for short ) .
Each COP meeting is where nations meet to evaluate the accords and compliance with meeting emissions reduction targets .
This one was intended to wrap up three years of negotiations on the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol .
Instead though , the talks pretty much collapsed .
Read “ COP6 — The Hague Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP4 — Buenos Aires Climate Conference Last updated Sunday , November 12 , 2000 .
November 2 - November 13 , 1998 in Buenos Aires , Argentina the Fourth Meeting of the Conference of the Parties ( COP - 4 ) to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) was held .
There were many issues that still needed to be discussed , especially on the trading of Carbon emissions and equity between the rich and developing nations .
Read “ COP4 — Buenos Aires Climate Conference ” to learn more .
COP3 — Kyoto Protocol Climate Conference Last updated Friday , February 15 , 2002 .
1997 , at the Conference of Parties III ( COP3 ) , Kyoto , Japan , the Kyoto conference on climate change took place .
There , developed countries agreed to specific targets for cutting their emissions of greenhouse gases .
A general framework was defined for this , with specifics to be detailed over the next few years .
This became known as the Kyoto Protocol .
The US proposed to just stabilize emissions and not cut them at all , while the European Union called for a 15 % cut .
In the end , there was a trade off , and industrialized countries were committed to an overall reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases to 5.2 % below 1990 levels for the period 2008 - 2012 .
( The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said in its 1990 report that a 60 % reduction in emissions was needed ... )
As with the following COP meetings , there was enormous media propaganda by affected big businesses and by countries such as the U.S. who were openly hostile to the treaty .
In fact one of the first things George Bush did when he came to power was to oppose the Kyoto Protocol .
Read “ COP3 — Kyoto Protocol Climate Conference ” to learn more .
The Ozone Layer and Climate Change Last updated Saturday , June 08 , 2002 .
Scientists believe that Global Warming will lead to a weaker Ozone layer , because as the surface temperature rises , the stratosphere ( the Ozone layer being found in the upper part ) will get colder , making the natural repairing of the Ozone slower .
Read “ The Ozone Layer and Climate Change ” to learn more .
El Niño and Climate Change Last updated Wednesday , July 04 , 2001 .
The 1997 Niño caused huge problems all over the world , from droughts to floods and poor yield of crops .
It is thought that there is a link between climate change and the severity of Niño .
Read “ El Niño and Climate Change ” to learn more .
Environmental Issues Last updated Monday , February 02 , 2015 .
Environmental issues are also a major global issue .
Humans depend on a sustainable and healthy environment , and yet we have damaged the environment in numerous ways .
This section introduces other issues including biodiversity , climate change , animal and nature conservation , population , genetically modified food , sustainable development , and more .
Read “ Environmental Issues ” to learn more .
Share this Bookmark or share this with others using some popular social bookmarking web sites : Email
Email Facebook
Facebook Twitter
Twitter WhatsApp
WhatsApp Google +
Google + Reddit
Reddit Digg
Digg del.icio.us
Link to this page from your site / blog Copy / paste the following HTML code to your page : < p > Anup Shah , < a href= " https://www.globalissues.org/issue/178/climate-change-and-global-warming "
>Climate Change and Global Warming </a > , < cite > Global Issues </ cite > , Updated : February 02 , 2015 </p > … to produce this : Anup Shah , Climate Change and Global Warming , Global Issues , Updated : February 02 , 2015
Alternatively , copy / paste the following MLA citation format for this page : Shah , Anup .
“ Climate Change and Global Warming . ” Global Issues .
02 Feb. 2015 .
Web. 30 Sep. 2020 .
< https://www.globalissues.org/issue/178/climate-change-and-global-warming>.
The bodies lying at the British embassy in Baghdad yesterday were the grimmest reminders of a dark tale with accusations of betrayal and intrigue .
Two years of frantic searches , night raids and secret negotiations amid the murderous violence had failed to save at least two of the five men who disappeared on 29 May 2007 .
They were taken from an Iraqi government building in the centre of the Iraqi capital by men in police uniform , past army checkpoints and a second security screen into Sadr City , the base of Shia militias , all signs , say the men 's families , of official collusion .
As the months dragged on without any sign of their release , the father of Peter Moore , viewed as the main hostage , told The Independent that he felt that his son and the others had been " abandoned " by the British Government .
The Foreign Office , said Graeme Moore , had not bothered to keep him informed of what was going on .
At the same time , Iraq 's national security adviser , Mowafaq al - Rubaie , accused the British Government of not doing enough to secure the release of its own citizens .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Was this true ?
In the aftermath of the kidnappings , an SAS unit based in Baghdad , part of a coalition special forces group called Task Force Black , mounted several raids with Iraqi and US forces in an attempt to free the hostages .
But General David Petraeus , the American commander of allied forces in Iraq at the time , acknowledged : " There have been several operations to try to rescue them ; we just have not had the right intelligence . "
On at least two occasions , one in Sadr City and the other in the Shia district of Khadamiyah , British and US troops were said to have made raids just hours after the hostages had been moved on .
There were questions on whether details of the missions were being leaked by Iraqi security forces .
At the same time , British officials , based at a building called the " Station House " in Baghdad , as well as Basra in the British - controlled south , began indirect talks with the kidnap gang .
The efforts to find a solution took on added urgency with reports that at first one , and then another , of the hostages had died , allegedly by their own hands .
But no evidence was provided of this , and the official position remained that the men were alive , and every effort was being made to get them out .
It soon became clear that a deal would have to be done with the captors .
But who they were , and what they wanted , became a major stumbling block .
The Shia group involved , Asaib Ahl al - Haq , was trained and funded by the Iranian regime and had been responsible for attacks on US and British forces , General Petraeus and other senior American commanders believed .
The group had asked that three " high value " prisoners – their leader Qais al - Khazali , his brother , Laith al - Khazali and a Lebanese Hizbullah commander , Ali Moussa Daqduq – should be turned over to Iraqi custody in return for freeing the captives .
The Americans were apparently considering this ( after a British request ) until Iraqi officials said they were not prepared to prosecute the men .
Mohammad al - Sa'ady , an adviser to Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki said : " We pointed out that Qais al - Khazali has a problem with the Americans .
He does n't have a problem with us .
He is not wanted for crimes against Iraqis .
In principle , we are ready to forgive anyone who lays down their arms . "
Senior US commanders were said to have forcefully argued against letting go of Qais al - Khazali , who they allege was responsible for planning the murder of five American soldiers in Karbala in January 2007 .
General Kevin J Bergner of the US Army claimed at the time of his arrest a few months later that documentation showed the Iranian al - Quds force had taken part in organising the attack and that , under interrogation , al - Khazali had admitted Iranian involvement .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Last week , Laith al - Khazali was freed , leading to hopes that reciprocation would begin with the British hostages .
But Asaib
Ahl al - Haq was said to have been adamant that Qais al - Khazali must also be released before any exchanges .
Sami al - Askari , one of the senior negotiators with the militias for the Iraqi government , said that he believed this was going to happen .
The formula used was that since Asaib Ahl al - Haq had indicated wishing to join the political process , both sides would have to make compromises .
" We told them that they can not do so while holding hostages , " said Mr al - Askari .
" We also told the American side that the group cannot join the political process and release their hostages while their leaders were behind bars and imprisoned . "
For the British Government , negotiations were now effectively the only hope of bringing the hostages home .
The SAS troops in Iraq were being transferred to a new front in the " war on terror " : Afghanistan .
US and Iraqi forces would continue to search for the men , but there was a realisation in London that it would not be the first task in their list of priorities .
There seems to have been no realisation that two of the hostages had been dead for weeks , one possibly for months .
What has now happened does not mean that the three remaining hostages will be kept captive .
But serious questions must be asked about the tactics employed by the British Government and also the role of GardaWorld , the company which employed the four bodyguards for Mr Moore .
Court papers lodged in the US claimed that GardaWorld had continued to charge USaid , which paid for Mr Moore 's protection , $ 1,000 a day for the " services " of the four bodyguards while they were in captivity .
The company , it was alleged by a former employee , did not have a kidnap and insurance policy and this was revealed to the families of the hostages .
The company also employed a public relations company to manage the bad news .
Friends of Mr Moore who organised events to keep his memory alive say they had complaints from the PR firm .
And GardaWorld is said to have played a part in shaping the British Government 's policy of sparse publicity over the matter , a policy very different from the ones adopted over other abductions , such as those of Terry Waite and John McCarthy in Beirut , Norman Kember in Baghdad and Alan Johnston in Gaza .
As a result , say critics such as Graeme Moore , the hostages were more or less forgotten until the shocking reminder of the news from Baghdad .
Asked out the insurance and $ 1,000 - a- day charge , a spokesman for GardaWorld said : " We have n't disclosed any of the details around this . "
A crisis management firm , Millbrook Partnership , was employed in response to hostage - taking .
Its responsibilities include dealing with communications .
The GardaWorld spokesman said that rather than influence the Foreign Office , " I think the British Government was of a similar mindset " .
Fine Jewelry : If Madonna called , would you fly halfway around the world to meet her ?
Anna
Hu did , and rightfully so .
" I have so much respect for Madonna - she is an icon in every aspect , " remarks the New York - based jewelry designer who was in Taiwan when the singer reached out through an aide .
" I got off the phone and went straight to the airport . "
Hu arrived home 24 hours later , time being of the essence as Madonna was looking for jewelry to wear that night to the Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
Hu came bearing several pieces from her various collections , but it was the cross around her neck that caught Madonna 's eye .
" It 's one of the 50 crosses I designed when I was studying at Parsons and F.I.T. , " Hu says .
The 6 - carat , D - colour diamond cross is in an Edelweiss motif .
The star chose that and a pair of colourful drop earrings inspired by Monet 's Water Lilies to wear with a ruched dress by Louis Vuitton .
The earrings are comprised of 28 carats of natural colored sapphires , emeralds , rubies , and diamonds with pear - shape emerald drops .
" I really wanted to do something that captured the impressionist colours of the painting and the tones of the stones matched perfectly , " Hu says .
" Jewelry design is all about luck . "
Well , not exactly .
Talent and drive are just as crucial and Hu has both .
Born 32 years ago in Taiwan , Hu's training began at the age of 8 when she helped her father , a diamond dealer , sort stones .
She moved to the U.S. to study cello , but her career was cut short by tendonitis in her shoulder .
She turned her attention to jewelry , earning her one - year graduate gemologist degree from the Gemological Institute of America in a record three months .
She went on to work for Christie's , Van Cleef & Arpels , Harry Winston and master jeweler Maurice Galli .
Hu also attained two master 's degrees , one in art history and another in arts administration .
But it is classical music that most inspires her work .
A tiara that flips 180 degrees to convert to a necklace is based on Rachmaninov 's inversion of Paganini 's Variations .
The sorrowful key of G flat minor sparks images of lavender sapphires that resemble teardrops in Hu's mind .
" Jewelry design to me is composing , " she says .
No wonder her work has a lyrical quality , as in the waves of blue that surround a 12 carat Kashmir sapphire .
The stone took
Hu nine months to source for a client who wanted nothing but the best - a mandate that suited Hu just fine .
" I do my best to achieve perfection and I am unstoppable , " she admits .
" I even dream about stones when I sleep . "
Anna
Hu is available at Anna Hu Haute Joaillerie boutiques in Taiwan , and The Plaza Hotel in New York .
By Bernadette Morra
Editor - in- chief
JustLuxe Contributor
FirstwaterNews.com
Bernadette Morra Bernadette Morra is one of North America 's top fashion journalists .
As the former fashion editor of The Toronto Star , Bernadette reported from the runways of Paris , London , New York and Milan .
She has interviewed many of the world 's top designers , models and celebrities including Marc Jacobs , Karl Lagerfeld , Gianni Versace , Victoria Beckham , Pamela Anderson , Linda Evangelista and Daria W...( Read More )
Letters to Datebook Letters to Datebook
Editor - I remember a fine June breeze swishing its way up Christopher Street from the river and the sweet aroma from the joint in my hand as I sat on a stoop up the block with some friends , the night New York 's finest raided the Stonewall Inn ( " Stonewall bar riot was clarion call for change , " Monday ) .
The Stonewall had been there for years .
A pub , it is said , built before the American Revolution of the granite blocks from which it took its name .
In my time it had been the best speakeasy dance bar in the West Village .
By that June night in 1969 , its faddish heyday had passed and it had become the party bar for drag and its fans .
It was run , as were all the queer bars in New York City at that time , by the mob and its minions .
Remember , in those days , it was almost illegal to be queer , to congregate , to drink together , much less dance .
We paid the mob in our private clubs and they paid the cops so we would be left alone .
And that 's why that night , as I sat with my friends blowing a joint up the block , the cops raided the Stonewall .
They raided it over a " bump in the pad , " an increase in their bribe .
The Stonewall would n't pay , so it got raided .
( One of New York 's dirty little secrets . )
Police unprepared
I 'm sure the " boys in blue " from the precinct on West 10th Street were not prepared for what happened that night .
I know I was n't .
I was n't prepared for the guys in drag breaking the lock on the back of the paddy wagon parked out front to let their " sisters " go .
I was n't prepared for the crowd that grew outside the bar as word spread down Christopher Street , person to person , street to street , club to club , bar to bar in a time before cell phones , texts and e-mail .
I was not prepared for the hippies and street people , the young and the old , the butch and the nellies , the men in leather , the college guys in chinos and polo shirts , the men in suits and ties , the scattering of lesbians or the guys from the trucks .
I was not prepared for it , but that 's what happened .
From a couple of cop cars , one paddy wagon , about a dozen drag queens , the staff of the bar , a few drunks , some onlookers and the ubiquitous Sheridan Square pigeons grew one of the most important incidents in what has become the continuing movement for gay rights .
I remember it was a night tinged with mourning .
Judy Garland had just died , and it's been said , only half in jest , that 's why we got so mad .
Our " idol " was dead and they would n't let us mourn in peace .
And I remember how during the night , at odd moments from some radio on the fringes or some stereo in a window , would come the sound of Garland singing " Somewhere Over the Rainbow . "
I remember fragments .
I remember the guys who slowly , inexorably , rocked a parking meter from its concrete foundation in the sidewalk until it came free .
I remember how this small band of longhairs , some in dresses , some in pants and fringe , hefted that phallic projectile on their shoulders , ran across the street and heaved it meter first through the huge black plate - glass window of the Stonewall Bar .
I remember the astonished look on the faces of the cops , who were now exposed to a screaming , angry , cheering outside world .
I remember that what we saw was bedlam .
They had n't just come to raid the bar , but to trash it .
To send a " message . "
Everything everywhere was broken .
There were cops with their nightsticks clearing all the shelves of all the liquor .
The cash registers were open , broken and empty .
And there was the echo of their laughing faces as the cops went happily about their work .
I remember the three cops who came to the front door with the emergency hose from the back .
I remember the nozzle pointing at us from across the street .
I remember that first insistent spearhead of water shooting from that nozzle , dousing us and pushing us back .
And I remember the moment froze .
And the water lost its power .
And shrank away to an impotent drip .
I remember that hose .
That old frayed emergency hose every bar had to have .
That hose that had been folded in its rack on the back wall of the bar for years and years .
I remember how that hose just split the first time it was ever used , leaving the bar and the cops ankle - deep in booze , water , beer and broken glass .
I remember the three cops in the doorway with the now flaccid hose in their hands .
And I remember thinking , " Here we are , a bunch of fags , and we will not be washed away . "
To this day I wonder how different that night would have been had that old hose not split open , and the cops had been able to drive us back and wash us away , as down south Bull Connor had tried to wash the blacks away with his hoses and his dogs .
I remember how , as the night went on and the crowd grew , we were surrounded ; as cops on horses , cops in riot gear , cops in cars and paddy wagons began to roll in behind and around Sheridan Square , with the firefighters and their trucks , and their hoses hooked up to hydrants and the hoses that would work .
And Garland 's voice and that haunting song .
I can remember thinking how glad I was that John Lindsay was the mayor , because without Lindsay holding the cops at bay and refusing to give them permission to move , there would have been a bloodbath .
I mean there we were , a crowd of homosexuals , pansies , fairies , fags , and we were not letting New York 's finest trash a gay bar with impunity .
In the world before that night , we could not have done what we did .
But that night we did .
We finally stood up and said we have rights .
To congregate .
To dance .
To mourn .
To be left alone .
Left alone to live , to love , to work , or just dance and listen to Garland sing .
40 years later
It 's been 40 years since that night .
I was 24 and two years out of the U.S. Marine Corps ; two years since I had " turned myself in " to my CO because I was queer and I did n't want to go and kill or be killed in Vietnam for a government that did not want to recognize my right to exist .
I just wanted to be what I am .
A gay man trying to be happy in a straight world .
Sad to say , I 'm still fighting the same war .
Different battle .
To remember Stonewall one must remember its context , its moment in time .
It was a time of politics ; a time of demonstrations , awareness and idealism .
It was a time to march for peace and equal rights - on Selma and Montgomery , on the Pentagon , on the convention in Chicago .
Anytime and anywhere injustice was perceived .
There were movements everywhere .
The civil rights movement , the peace movement , the women 's movement .
There were hippies and flower power , Cesar Chavez and the farmworkers , Black Panthers , Gray Panthers , the Weathermen and SDS .
Woodstock was two months in the future , we were about to land on the moon and the whole world was watching the queers in Greenwich Village .
The ground was shifting right under the establishment 's feet .
That night the world changed for me and for every other gay , lesbian , bi , cross-dressing and transgender person on the planet .
That night we were all reborn in the baptism of that hose 's " holy " water .
Today I am 64 years old .
I am a poet and retired actor .
My face has , many times , graced the silver screen .
I am 25 years HIV positive .
I have marched and demonstrated all my life .
I marched in San Francisco the night Harvey Milk and George Moscone were shot , and months later I rioted .
I 've marched on conventions and city halls .
I 've marched in New York and D.C. , San Francisco and L.A .
I 've marched in daylight and with a candle in my hand .
I 've marched for the living and the dead .
I 've grown tired and old and sick marching .
I 've grown powerful and brave , wise and proud marching .
So even after 40 years , every time I hear Garland 's voice sing that haunting song , I think of bluebirds and lemon drops , a fire hose and freedom .
And for that freedom and our rights , I am - and many , many others are - prepared to march under our rainbow flags forever .
- J.E. Freeman , San Francisco
Netrebko great
Editor - Having heard Anna Netrebko sing multiple times in recent months , I have difficulty believing Joshua Kosman 's account of a " deeply disappointing " performance by Netrebko on opening night of " La Traviata " ( " Anna Netrebko returns to S.F. in ' La Traviata , ' " June 15 ) .
A friend of mine at the premiere confirmed that her voice and acting thoroughly transfixed those lucky enough to be present .
I suspect Kosman is guilty of trying to hear with his eyes instead of his ears .
Bemoaning the soprano's ( supposedly ) " sluggish sound " and no longer " sleek , silvery tone , " Kosman seems rather to be lamenting the fact Netrebko is now a size 8 , with a 9 - month - old son to boot ( " Anna Netrebko - an opera superstar but no diva , " June 14 ) .
We should instead be thrilled - and grateful - that Netrebko has returned to wow us onstage mere months after becoming a mother .
In fact , I am so confident that Netrebko is as good as ever that I 'm traveling to San Francisco twice in the next week to hear her .
In the meantime , Kosman might want to book an appointment with his otologist .
- Justin Snider , New York City
Everybody knows that your life is a story .
But what if a story was your life ?
Harold Crick ( Will Ferrell ) is your average I.R.S. Agent : monotonous , boring , and repetitive .
But one day this all changes when Harold begins to hear an author inside of his head narrating his life .
The narrator it is extraordinarily accurate , and Harold recognizes the voice as an esteemed author he saw on television .
But when the narration reveals that he is going to die , Harold must find the author of the story , and ultimately his life , to convince her to change the ending of the story before it is too late .
Written by the lexster
Mr Obama has been tough on the carmakers after huge bailouts President Barack Obama says he hopes US carmakers will come out " leaner and meaner " from their financial troubles .
General Motors ( GM ) is currently trying to stave off bankruptcy , while Chrysler has already sought bankruptcy .
GM last week received another $ 4bn of US government loans , taking its total bailout to over $ 19bn .
Mr Obama said he thought the US car market could expand to as much as 15 million cars when the economy recovers , from about 10 million this year .
" Ultimately , I think that GM is going to be a strong company and we are going to be pulling out as soon as the economy recovers and they 've completed their restructuring , " Mr Obama said in an interview with C - Span .
' Substantial market '
" You are looking at a substantial market that is going to be available for US automakers if they 've made some good decisions now , " Mr Obama said .
" My hope is that we will see both GM and Chrysler having emerged from this restructuring process leaner , meaner , more competitive with a set of product lines that appeal to consumer , " he added .
GM has a 1 June US government deadline to restructure its finances or face bankruptcy protection .
The carmaker is aiming to sell its European unit Opel , including UK brand Vauxhall , as well as Sweden - based Saab , its other European car business .
Last week , the US Treasury said it would give GMAC $ 7.5 bn ( £ 4.7 bn ) in further state aid , to help it offer loans to potential Chrysler and GM car buyers .
GMAC , which is part - owned by GM , failed to meet the government 's " stress test " and the Treasury ordered it to raise $ 11.5 bn in extra capital .
But the firm failed to raise money privately .
This is the second time the government has intervened to help GMAC .
In December , the government stepped in with a $ 6bn bail - out of the firm .
" Our auto industry is the foundation for economies all across the Midwest , " Mr Obama said .
" Had we allowed GM or Chrysler simply to liquidate that would have been a huge anti-stimulus on the economy as a whole , and could have dragged us even deeper into recession or even depression . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ATHENS , Georgia ( CNN ) --
A wanted University of Georgia professor killed himself with a single gunshot to the head after he dug his own grave and covered it with brush , police said Tuesday .
George Zinkhan , a professor at the University of Georgia , disappeared after the slayings of his wife and two others .
The manhunt for George Zinkhan ended Saturday when cadaver dogs discovered his body in Georgia 's Clarke County , about a mile from where his red Jeep Liberty was found more than a week earlier , police said .
" Zinkhan 's body was found in a small dugout area in the ground , covered with leaves and debris , and it was apparent that he took significant steps to try to conceal his body from being located , " a statement from Athens police said .
Law enforcement officials determined that Zinkhan , 57 , committed suicide after killing his wife , Marie Bruce , 47 , Thomas Tanner , 40 , and Ben Teague , 63 , outside a theater in Athens on April 25 .
Another University of Georgia professor , Barbara Carroll , believes that she was also targeted by Zinkhan but escaped because she was at a movie theater the day of the slayings .
In an e-mail obtained by CNN , Carroll had warned her colleagues at the university 's Terry College of Business that Zinkhan , a marketing professor , was " dangerous . "
The e-mail was sent after the shootings but before Zinkhan 's body was found .
Carroll could not be reached Tuesday , but in her e-mail she said that law enforcement officials surrounded her house early on the morning of May 1 after authorities found MapQuest directions to her house , printed on April 24 , in Zinkhan 's Jeep .
She said she was advised to go into hiding .
" I do not believe Zinkhan had a map to my house for any reason other than he planned to kill me as well on April 25 , " Carroll wrote .
" This also suggests premeditation for the three murders he did commit .
By the grace of God , I was at the movies all Saturday afternoon after being at school in my office ( like a sitting duck ) all that morning . "
All three of Zinkhan 's victims were associated with the Town and Gown Players theater group , which was holding a reunion picnic at the time of the shootings .
Police did not give any motive for the slayings but said in a statement that Zinkhan and his wife were having marital problems .
Zinkhan targeted Tanner and shot him first , the statement added .
Authorities said Zinkhan arrived while the Town and Gown event was under way and got into a disagreement with Bruce .
Police believe that he left , went to his car -- where the couple 's children apparently were waiting -- and returned with two handguns .
In addition to the three deaths , two people were wounded , police said .
After the shootings , Zinkhan , a marketing professor at the Terry College of Business , drove to his hometown of Bogart , Georgia , and left his children -- ages 8 and 10 -- with a neighbor .
Authorities put out bulletins across the nation for Zinkhan after the shootings and revealed that he had purchased an airline ticket in March for a May 2 flight to the Netherlands , where he owned a house .
But Zinkhan never showed up at the airport .
All About University of Georgia • Athens ( Georgia ) • Shootings
Eat Raw Fish ... Get a 9 - Foot Tapeworm
Tapeworm cases from raw fish have jumped in urban areas in recent years .
June 16 , 2009  --
One summer day in August 2006 , Anthony Franz went to a Chicago area hospital carrying a 9 - foot worm .
He did not find it in his garden .
Franz is one of the few , but growing number of tapeworm victims in cities across the world who are discovering ( or rediscovering ) that some of the most popular fish can host parasites .
Although still rare , a study this June showed salmon tapeworm infestations tripled from an average of 0.32 cases per 100,000 people each year in Kyoto , Japan , to at least to 1 case in 100,000 people in 2008 .
As more people adopt sushi and undercooked fish diets around the world so too , has the worm spread .
The article , printed in Emerging Infectious Diseases , tracked the movement of tapeworm infection for 20 years as reports migrated from rural fishing villages in Japan to urban centers around the world , including France , Switzerland and the United States .
" Usually , with this particular warm it produces discomfort , some pain , and it can produce anemia , " said Dr. Felipe C. Cabello professor of Microbiology and Immunology at New York Medical College in Valhalla .
A more dangerous worm , a nematode called anisakis , can burrow into the stomach wall and require surgery .
But Cabello said the fish tapeworm can still slowly drain a person 's energy .
" The parasite sucks the vitamin B12 , and the person with the parasite does not have enough , " said Cabello .
" This is a worm that can reach 25 feet and it might take months , a year to grow . "
In 2008 a Czech tourist fell ill from eating raw sockeye salmon in Vancouver , Canada .
According to an article in The Oregonian , the man only discovered a tapeworm when he returned home .
Other forms of salmon tapeworm have been found in sushi-eating urbanites in Brazil , according to a July 2007 report in Emerging Infectious Diseases .
In Franz 's case , the offending creature was the Diphyllobothrium latum .
Franz was not available for comment and is suing an Illinois seafood restaurant for $ 100,000 .
" Basically we discovered that this particular tapeworm was caused from uncooked seafood , particularly salmon , " said Franz 's attorney , Gregory Leiter .
" That 's what he brought into the hospital . "
Why Fish Carry Parasites
Leiter charges the parasite came from " uncooked seafood salad , " at Shaw 's Crab House in downtown Chicago , a restaurant that 's part of the greater Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises of Chicago .
" From the reports we 've seen , and the people we spoken to , we 're very confident that he did not get this tapeworm from food at our restaurants , " said Kevin Brown , president CEO of Lettuce Entertain You .
" In each of our restaurants food safety and proper food handling is the number one priority , " he said .
Whatever happened at that restaurant , it 's clearly possible to get a fish tapeworm in the United States .
" Chefs sometimes joke if the worms are moving then the fish is fresh , " said Helen Rennie , author of the blog Beyondsalmon ( http://beyondsalmon.blogspot.com/) and owner of Helen 's Kitchen cooking school in Boston .
" When I used to work in a restaurant I found that the fish I got was a lot more wormy than the fish I get in the store , " she said .
" It 's natural . "
Rennie , who specializes in fish dishes , said large tuna varieties such as blue fin , yellow fin and big eye are usually parasite - free .
But Rennie said trout , cod and wild small salmon such as sockeye and coho ( not king salmon ) are prone to parasites .
In fact many grocery stores sell fish that 's been through " candling " to remove surface parasites .
" They put fillets on glass and shine strong light through and pick it out worms with tweezers , " she said .
" They do that so you do n't go to back to [ the store ] and rip the fishmonger 's head off . "
Disgusting as parasites may sound , fish safety officials , parasitologists and cooks say most of us should relax .
It only takes cooking the fish to kill off the parasites .
" I always hear , 'oh my god , I 'll never cook fish again -- but if you have ever eaten a fish dish before you , I promise you have eaten parasites before , " said Rennie .
" But if you are serving it raw at home -- I do n't suggest anybody do that without any real training . "
According to U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations , all fish meant to be served as sushi must be frozen for a specified period of time ( usually a week ) to kill lurking parasites .
Learning to Safely Eat , and Cook Fish
Rennie said no matter how fresh , unless you 're buying certified " sushi grade " fish it 's best not to try to serve it raw at home .
" Parasites are really a non-issue , it 's not as big of a problem as time and temperature holding , " said Pamela Tom , Seafood Network Information Center Director at the University of California , Davis .
" People focus on methyl mercury , but in reality it 's not as important as the bacteria . "
" I 'd say overall the nation is not at risk , " she said .
Indeed , many other countries still see fish tapeworm more often than the raw - fish aficionados in the United States .
" There was one big recall a couple years ago in California where someone brought in fresh salmon from up north to a restaurant , " said Scott Lyell Gardner , curator and professor at the Harold W. Manter Laboratory of Parasitology at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln .
" People get it very commonly , especially in the northern parts of the world -- in Norway , Finland , Canada , " he said .
Gardner said the fish tapeworm naturally moves from larval stages in fish to adult stages in bears ( or sea mammals ) .
The large mammals then excrete the eggs back into the water to start the process all over again .
" The main life cycle is bear - salmon , bear - salmon , and people get into it when they eat salmon , " he said .
Bottom line : cooking makes the fish safe .
To stop this cycle , cook your fish . "
Wages are falling all across America .
Some of the wage cuts , like the givebacks by Chrysler workers , are the price of federal aid .
Others , like the tentative agreement on a salary cut here at The Times , are the result of discussions between employers and their union employees .
Still others reflect the brute fact of a weak labor market : workers do n’t dare protest when their wages are cut , because they do n’t think they can find other jobs .
Whatever the specifics , however , falling wages are a symptom of a sick economy .
And they ’re a symptom that can make the economy even sicker .
First things first : anecdotes about falling wages are proliferating , but how broad is the phenomenon ?
The answer is , very .
It ’s true that many workers are still getting pay increases .
But there are enough pay cuts out there that , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the average cost of employing workers in the private sector rose only two - tenths of a percent in the first quarter of this year  the lowest increase on record .
Since the job market is still getting worse , it would n’t be at all surprising if overall wages started falling later this year .
When is a pandemic not a pandemic ?
When the World Health Organization says so .
With the virus spreading in Australia , where there 's been a four - fold increase in cases in a week , it might seem surprising that global health officials have not yet moved from the current Phase 5 to 6 , which would mean that a pandemic had been declared .
Predictions are a mug 's game - but , on BBC TV and radio this evening , I stuck my neck out and said that a pandemic declaration was likely within days , or possibly weeks at the outside .
The reason for this was that listening to the WHO 's assistant director general Dr Keiji Fukuda in the weekly media briefing , it seemed to me that the WHO was holding back from declaring a pandemic for political reasons .
I 'm not suggesting anything underhand , but simply that member states and scientists have advised the WHO that it must prepare the ground before making the move to Level 6 .
The WHO can't ignore the surge in cases in Australia , and , to a lesser extent , the leap in cases in the UK and Chile .
Dr Fukuda said that he feared " a blossoming of anxiety " - in other words , panic - if they suddenly declare a pandemic .
It 's true that the word " pandemic " sounds scary .
But it simply means a global epidemic of an infectious disease .
It is not a signal that the virus is getting more virulent ; it has nothing to do with severity ; rather , it is a measure of geographical spread .
And we must remember that the vast majority of people who get H1N1 swine flu have a mild illness .
Dr Fukuda said that it was fair to say that we are " really getting close " to declaring a pandemic , but that the WHO wanted to avoid or reduce the sort adverse actions that had happened when it last raised the threat level , such as the culling of pigs , unnecessary concerns over pork , trade embargoes , travel restrictions and concerns about travellers from certain areas .
" These are the kinds of potential adverse effects you can have if you go out without making sure that people understand the situation as well as possible .
" In earlier pandemics , we have often seen that people who are worried , but not particularly sick , have over - run hospitals and led to a dsyfunction in the health system because so many are going to emergency rooms , adversely affecting people who really require emergency care .
We 'd like to minimise the risks of that . "
Listening to that , it does seem sensible that the WHO first prepares the ground before moving to Phase 6 .
The media must play a part here , emphasising the facts about this virus and not over - reacting .
Governments , too , have a big role to play , ensuring that their pandemic plans are in place .
And businesses must prepare for the coming of a virus which , even if it is mild , will cause huge numbers of absences from work .
Remember , though , that when a pandemic is declared , it wo n't make any difference to most of us .
Different countries will experience local epidemics at different times .
What matters is when H1N1 begins to spread rapidly within your community , way beyond schools and unrelated to travel .
Only then might the virus make a tangible difference to your daily life .
BAGHDAD --
Next week , Iraqi officials plan a welcome - back party for Big Oil .
The government intends to auction off oil contracts to foreign companies for the first time since Iraq nationalized its oil industry more than three decades ago .
If all goes according to plan in the first round , foreign oil companies will move in to help Iraq revive production at six developed fields that have suffered from years of war and neglect .
But ...
Getting renewable energy sources to plug into existing infrastructure is not straightforward ( Image : Eddie Mulholland / Rex Features )
Fears over energy security and climate change have led to record investment in renewable energy .
But a major problem threatens to stall progress towards a more sustainable future : national electricity grids are far from ready to cope with the variable output from the new technologies .
A solution might be at hand , though , and would not involve radical changes to the existing infrastructure .
Treating groups of dispersed power sources , such as solar and wind generators , as a single entity could solve the problem , creating the virtual equivalent of a single large power station .
“ [ The power companies ’ existing ] philosophy is that they ’re going to run the grids as if these new renewable sources did nothing to help – a ‘ fit and forget ’ strategy , ” says Goran Strbac at Imperial College London , UK .
Advertisement
That ’s because grids must always match the region ’s energy requirements , second by second , and renewable sources go through extreme fluctuations as the sun goes in , night falls , or the wind drops , says Peter Lang , at EDF Energy Networks , the Distribution Network Operator for London , East and South East of England .
If energy generation does n’t match energy use , power cuts or overload is the result .
But as investment in renewable sources grows , grids will have to adapt to less reliable sources .
Chaotic grids
The ever - growing number of wind farms in Europe , and the US are in particular forcing the hand of grid maintainers .
And growing interest from consumers in microgeneration – installing , say , solar panels to cover their own needs and selling any excess back to the grid – presents an even greater headache .
In coming years , the number of generators contributing to the grid is set to balloon dramatically by thousands or even millions .
“ The logistics of controlling even a few hundred large power stations are difficult , ” says Strbac .
The best solution suggested so far is a concept known as the “ virtual power plant ” , says Lang .
Each virtual plant consists of several hundred or thousand microgenerators lumped together in cyberspace into a unit comparable to that of a large power station .
Mixed bag
A virtual power plant can contain a mixture of different generators , for example wind turbines , solar cells , hydroelectric dams , and biomass - fuelled combined heat and power stations .
A well - chosen mix of all these types can offset the inherent unreliability of different generators to make a virtual plant that can be treated much the same as a conventional one .
Homeowners might benefit from the arrangement too .
Strbac says that , in theory , the owner of , say , a few photovoltaic cells could opt to switch between a number of virtual power plants during the day to find the best price for their power at any precise moment .
Implementing virtual power plants is possible with relatively little modification to existing infrastructure , says Lang .
“ It ’s not about wholesale replacement of the existing system – you ’d never be allowed to do something so disruptive – it ’s about looking at the existing network and seeing what we have to do to monitor it more successfully , ” he says .
Large - scale trial
Field trials of the virtual power plant concept have taken place in Woking , UK , and are due soon in the Álava province in Spain , as part of a EU - funded project called FENIX .
The project brings together academics like Strbac from across Europe , along with a number of large energy distributors , including EDF and Iberdrola .
The Álava trial will begin in September , and will see the FENIX team use live data from renewable energy generators in the area to see how it could be repackaged into virtual power plants .
Although it wo n’t use that to control real energy demand , the team hopes to show the technique works .
“ The portfolio [ of energy systems in the Alava virtual power plant ] has around 100 megavolt - amperes [ 100 megawatts ] installed capacity , ” says Juan Marti Rodriguez of Iberdrola , which could provide Álava ’s 300,000 - strong population with around half of its peak load .
The trial will account for 1 per cent of Spain ’s entire energy distribution Rodriguez adds : “ It ’s not too difficult to imagine applying the FENIX concept for the whole country . ”
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
clarkson in a microwave
archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:04 ,
Oh this is good is n't it !
It 's one of the best things I 've ever seen in fact .
* CLICK * ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:04 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:04 ,
I 've just checked the news .
I did n't read about this ???
DON'T TELL ME IT'S NOT TRUE ! ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:05 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:05 ,
This can only be improved by animated gifs being able to call PING !
archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:05 ,
Rofl
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 ,
does he appear on telly in Nederlands ?
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 ,
Yes .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:11 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:11 ,
sorry
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:12 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:12 ,
archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 ,
silly mediocre
text reply cannot have redex ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 ,
It also has 34 % Clarkson
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:15 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:15 ,
that 's a sensible quota
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:20 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:20 ,
hahaha , good call
archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:14 ,
wow !
that 's approximately funting amazing :) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 ,
You had me with the title alone
Hurray :D ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 ,
o_O
EXCELLENT ! ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 ,
hahaha :D
This is what is happen to Gordon Browns face , just a little bit slower ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 ,
haha
maybe he is being bombarded with low power Al Qaeda microwaves ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:07 ,
It is true , you look at pictures of him over the last 2 years and his face is slowly falling off his skull
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 ,
thats
a before and after I 'd like to see ...
Opens Photoshop ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 19:01 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 19:01 ,
maybe his head had just grow
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 ,
GJM
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:06 ,
this
and woo !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:08 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:08 ,
: D
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 ,
this is marvellous !
* click * ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:07 ,
Mutated Monty - making everyone except Happy Toast look shit since
C]:0 ) archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 ,
even this makes h.t look shit , no offence toast !
but it really is that good !
and i really mean that in the mot unoffensive way possible .. but it 's blindingly brilliant .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:14 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:14 ,
hell yeah !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:09 ,
that has to be one of the fastest * clicks * I 've ever given !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:10 ,
this is good an that
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:12 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:12 ,
I hate you , you talented bastard ;)
woo , yay and houpla ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 ,
How randomly awesome !
They should have this on Top Gear , when Jeremy goes on about what he found on the internet that week .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:13 ,
bloody hell
that 's amazing ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:14 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:14 ,
this is quite possibly the best thing in the history of the universe
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:17 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:17 ,
Fantastic
I hope he's got a lot of metallic fillings ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:30 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:30 ,
The best bit
is all of it .
* clickety * ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:30 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:30 ,
make this happen !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:31 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:31 ,
hahahaha
meltdown magnificence : D ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:31 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:31 ,
melt that fucker !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:39 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:39 ,
Haha !
How utterly splendid ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:57 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 15:57 ,
Power - clickage
Very very woo to you sir ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:09 ,
Wow !
Just , wow !
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:40 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:40 ,
This is no ordinary microwave !
Some say ...
It was used to cook Idi Amin 's last mean .
I mean , the sound it makes is ARGH !!!!!!!!!
Too real .
Too REAL .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:46 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 16:46 ,
: D...
... GJMM ... :D...! ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:17 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:17 ,
I am so linking this to Bike Radar
They will love it ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:35 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:35 ,
Wow ! ( ding )
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:59 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:59 ,
SPELLCASTING
M-E-L-T T-H - E C- U-N - T ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 18:58 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 18:58 ,
Very good
Only criticism I have is that it appeared to be too quick a death for the wanker .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 19:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 19:09 ,
this ticks all the right boxes
:) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 20:00 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 20:00 ,
I luvs you .
Very special .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 20:04 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 20:04 ,
Best thing in the world ever .
Official . ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:25 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:25 ,
Absolutely superb !
When are you going to take over the world - I simply bow down to your animationalistcal skills !!!
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:33 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:33 ,
superb in every way
and very Ronald Lacey in Raiders- esque ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:44 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 22:44 ,
Fucking Yes !
yeah .
( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 1:22 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 1:22 ,
D-:
( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 4:12 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 4:12 ,
It 's like a TV with the same show on every channel
DAVE , DAVE+5secs , DAVE+10secs , DAVE+15secs , etc. ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 6:44 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 6:44 ,
Memo to Brown
Put this in your manifesto and I 'm voting for you .
( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 9:03 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 9:03 ,
Haha
Really nice job .... if I did n't know any better I 'd say you had Clarkson ' round for tea and actually managed to
coax him into a massive microwave oven you 'd constructed for just such nefarious deeds ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 9:45 ,
Wonderfully done
And heartening !
:D ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 10:53 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 10:53 ,
hahaha
fantastic ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 11:38 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 11:38 ,
Bloomin eck , that 's good !
:D ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 14:53 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 14:53 ,
wow
nice animation ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 19:15 , archived ) ( , Wed 10 Jun 2009 , 19:15 ,
Now that is ruddy clever .
* clicks * ( , Thu 11 Jun 2009 , 10:26 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Jun 2009 , 10:26 ,
that is bloody amazing
you get top marks from me :D ( , Sat 13 Jun 2009 , 14:36 , archived ) ( , Sat 13 Jun 2009 , 14:36 ,
… you do n’t have to do everything the Indians do .
( submitted by April )
When it comes to hiring that mobile developer , how much they charge and your project ’s budget are probably primary concerns .
Whether you ’re working with a native operating system or using cross - platform software , starting from scratch or adding new integrations , you ’ll need a mobile pro with the right skill set for your particular project .
Let ’s take a look at the cost factors for hiring a mobile app developer .
1 . Your chosen mobile platform — native , web , or hybrid ?
Do you need a native app — whether that ’s Android , iOS , or Windows — or are you looking to create a hybrid , web , or cross - platform mobile app ?
This can affect cost for a few reasons .
First , creating a native app locks you into that specific platform .
You ’re creating a codebase that ’s written for that mobile platform , and that mobile platform only .
This means that creating a native app for each platform immediately adds to the timeline and budget of a project .
When businesses want apps that can run on multiple platforms , many turn to web , hybrid , or cross - platform options , whether those are web applications that run on any device , or apps created with Xamarin or PhoneGap that compile to run natively on a device .
With one version of your app for all OS ’s and devices , you ’re saving time and money — and it can be easier to update down the road .
But you should account for cross - platform apps being a bit slower , and the app will still need to be optimized for each device despite the promise of building once and running everywhere .
Second , many cross-platform and hybrid options use technologies that many developers already know , like HTML , CSS , and JavaScript .
This means it can be more affordable to hire developers for the project because they ’re not required to be skilled in specific languages like Swift or Kotlin .
2. App project complexity and deliverables .
Laying out what you need from your mobile app will help you determine deliverables , phases , and the amount of time it will take to complete .
Mobile app development projects can take anywhere from a week to six months , or more — it will all depend on what you need in terms of design , integrations , and other functionality .
For example , a simple utility app may require no server - side integrations , but a real - time messaging app will need back - end integrations and database support .
Define what the mobile developer will be doing as more simple app development might incur a lower rate and shorter timeline .
Are you converting your mobile app ’s code to a newer version , like Swift to Swift 3 , or updating an Android app to Kotlin ?
Are you making a few updates or adding integrations for resubmission ?
Or , are you starting an app from scratch ?
Will it handle sensitive data and require complex OAuth customization ?
When Determining Scope and Cost
Less Complex Medium Large Existing app : bug fixes , new features , or patches needed OS Updates New app Designer onboard New version : with patches for resubmission Requires : API integration Testing UI Design Updates Security Database Integration
3 . Developer experience , location , and rate
Much has been written about the cost of mobile app development .
The cheapest , quickest option on the market today , is probably an app builder site like Buildfire or Apps Builder .
If all you need is a simple layout with minimum functionality , app makers can be very economical with tiered subscription plans ranging from $ 10 - 150 per month .
However , if you want full customizability , and are serious about incorporating a mobile app into your business , you ’re going to want a developer .
Geographic location and local market conditions can also affect a freelance developer ’s rates .
Freelance Xamarin developers and PhoneGap freelancers charge anywhere between $ 10 - $ 60 an hour , depending on location .
Another factor is a mobile developer ’s reputation .
If they are still building their portfolio , they may price more competitively than experienced professionals .
Who you need will depend on your app ’s complexity — finding the right mobile developer should match your goals for your app with their related experience .
Typical Rates Charged by Mobile Developers *
The tea party on April 15 , 2009 , in Cleveland , Ohio , filled with paranoia .
Interactive Blend uses cookies to understand your event preferences and make sure you have the best experience on our site .
By using Interactive Blend , you accept our use of cookies
The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of police agency policy , gave no details .
Gordon was a British model turned actress who appeared in a few big budget Hollywood films , including Spider - Man 3 and Four Feathers .
She also played Jane Birkin in the yet - to - be- released film of Serge Gainsbourg 's life , Vie Heroique .
Gordon 's father said the death was a " complete shock . "
Speaking from the family 's home in Oxford , Richard Gordon told Britain 's Press Association that his daughter was " a natural actress all her life , since she was about two . "
" She 's always loved being on stage and in front of the camera and she has kept all her naturalness and charm all the way through .
She has been the most beautiful daughter .
We are obviously devastated . "
He said she loved her latest role , in the Gainsbourg film , and thought the cast was " wonderfully creative and supportive . "
He added that his daughter spent much of her childhood and her summer holidays in France and was bilingual .
She recently moved to Paris after living in New York .
The Daily Mail said Gordon 's boyfriend stayed with her on Tuesday night .
He told police he went to bed then woke in the morning to find her dead .
He reportedly ran downstairs into the street , screaming , and asked a shopkeeper for help .
He told police Gordon had been very upset following the recent suicide of a friend back home in Britain .
Neighbours told police the actress spent little time in the $ 4000 a month two - bedroom apartment but described her as " an adorable girl " .
" Two days ago , we were chatting over a drink , " one told the newspaper .
" You think people are stable and then ... "
Gordon 's portrayal of Serge Gainsbourg 's muse and former companion Jane Birkin attracted wide praise even before the film 's release .
The film was recently previewed at the Cannes Film Festival .
Its producers paid tribute to Gordon 's role on news of her death .
" The film owes a lot to the generous spirit , to the kindess and immense talent of Lucy Gordon , " they said in a statement .
Gordon would have turned 29 today .
Gordon 's agents did not return phone calls seeking comment on Thursday .
AP
* Support is available for anyone who may be distressed by calling SANE Helpline 1800 18 7263 ; Lifeline 131 114 ; Salvo Crisis Line 9331 2000 ; beyondblue 1300 22 46 36 .
YES Program
The Kennedy - Lugar Youth Exchange and Study ( YES ) program , funded by the U.S. Department of State , provides scholarships for secondary school students from countries with significant Muslim populations to spend one academic year in the United States .
Are you an American high school student ?
Learn about YES Abroad .
THE street price of cocaine varies enormously .
The drug costs less in South and Central America , where most cocaine is produced , but it is also low in Morocco , a trafficking destination .
Worldwide , prices range from $ 2 a gram in Panama to over $ 300 in New Zealand , according to the UN's World Drug Report .
Generally , the farther away a country from the main producers and the more isolated it is , the higher the price charged .
The priciest places for a cocaine habit are New Zealand and Australia , where a gram typically costs $ 312 and $ 285 respectively .
Prices in Canada and America , after years of cheaper drugs for Canadians , are now on a par at around $ 97 a gram .
Sigmund Freud 's frustrated query " What do women want ? " came to mind as I read
Liberated and Unhappy
, Ross Douthat 's review of the study The Paradox of Declining Female Happiness .
Economists Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers show the achievements of the feminist era may have delivered women to greater unhappiness than that supposedly found by Betty Friedan in the 1960s .
The unhappiness seems to cut across income , race educational attainment and social class .
Men , on the other hand , seem to be more happy .
According to Douthat ,
The paper is fascinating not only because of what it shows , but because the authors deliberately avoid floating an easy explanation for their data .
Douthat continues
All this ambiguity lends itself to broad - brush readings .
A strict feminist and a stringent gender - role traditionalist alike will probably find vindication of their premises between the lines of Wolfers and Stevenson 's careful prose .
The feminist will see evidence of a revolution interrupted , in which rising expectations are bumping against glass ceilings , breeding entirely justified resentments .
The traditionalist will see evidence of a revolution gone awry , in which women have been pressured into lifestyles that run counter to their biological imperatives , and men have been liberated to embrace a piggish irresponsibility .
There 's evidence to fit each of these narratives .
But there 's also room for both .
I am not surprised by these findings .
It is a human paradox that wanting something is often far more satisfying than having it .
Solving a problem such as gender discrimination seldom makes a person happy for long because most of us find other things to be unhappy about as needs and aspirations alter .
As I reminded one colleague from the days when only a handful of women entered law school , 90 percent of all men do n't make it to the top of the profession either and they do n't blame discrimination .
They admit to lack talent , insufficient drive or maybe just a run of poor luck .
Unhappiness can be highly contagious .
So can jealousy .
Anyone who has watched one break up or divorce create a cascade inside a tight knot social circle knows the phenomenon .
Such feelings often flourish in richer environments where the possibilities seem endless and prosperity a birthright because we all tend to ask ourselves if others seem to have it all , them why do n't I ?
Stevenson and Wolfers study is particularly interesting when juxtaposed with information about how men are disproportionately suffering in the current recession .
If the politically correct stereotypes were true , hundreds of thousands of angry blue collar men should be on the rampage .
After all , such men are supposed to be prone to violence and frustration .
Instead , blue collar men seem to be making do with very little complaining so far .
Part of this may that special kind of contentment of coping with adversity , especially if one has family and friends to share the burden and offer support .
Hidden resources get tapped , old skills get dusted off and new idea bubble to the surface .
A local realtor hung a new sign over the office a couple of weeks ago .
People can now get a haircut while talking about whether the market has improve enough to re-list the old cabin .
Signs for self employed skilled laborers and technicians have sprouted by many local mailboxes and on the bulletin board in local stores .
No job is too messy today for the local handyman who refused to work in my crawl space last year .
There is increasing talk of youngsters moving back with parents or senior citizens doubling up with empty nester children .
It is another human paradox that people can become unusually content with themselves in the bad times even as they express unhappiness at their circumstances and with their political leadership .
Douthat thinks that there may be room for common cause to help women in reducing a major cause of unhappiness , single motherhood .
There 's no necessary reason why feminists and cultural conservatives can't join forces - in the same way that they made common cause during the pornography wars of the 1980s - behind a social revolution that ostracizes serial baby - daddies and trophy - wife collectors as thoroughly as the " fallen women " of a more patriarchal age .
I am not sure where Douthat is coming from .
He admits that any type of stigma based on sex is probably out of the question in the current social environment , but I see other problems with his idea .
For one thing , if there was a jointly fought war on pornography , then smut won .
The stigma of using minors may have increased but porn is more accessible than ever .
Every night as I scroll down my Direct TV menu titles that feed the most vile of hoary stereotypes cross the screen : horny coeds , lusty well endowed black men , insatiable Latinas , skilled and knowing Asians as well as the newer acronym for the mature woman are available for purchase in my home .
Between that and the Internet those who want so called adult entertainment no longer even need leave home to obtain it .
A bigger problem is historic misperception .
If there was ever a truly patriarchal age in the West when so called " fallen women " were ostracized while incontinent men completely escaped censure I am not certain exactly when it occurred .
Sex in and out of marriage has been with us since the beginnings of civilization .
In ages with loser moral standards such matters were more or less treated as a fact of life in all social levels
In the more moral ages the tomcatting male tended to be as much a figure of social ridicule and distrust as the round heeled woman .
What stigma attached to them was seldom as tragic as the modern critics make it out be .
A historian once quipped that any movie about George Armstrong Custer will tell you more about the politics in the year it was made than it will about the actual battle of the Little Big Horn .
The same can often be said about books about Puritan New England or Victorian Britain , two common examples of allegedly sexually repressive societies .
I find it particularly amusing when I am presented with fictional " fallen women " such as Hester Prynne or the heroines of Thomas Hardy as illustrations .
The sweetly naive " fallen women " who suffered the slings and arrows of outrageous hypocrisy and misfortune were probably about as common in real life as another stock character in fiction , the harlot with the heart of gold .
The more I ponder what Douthat wrote about trying to solve some of this problem the more I see the issue in different terms altogether , Is the real problem that women are more unhappy than ever ?
A more timeless question has to be simply what is best for the children ?
For much of our history the majority of parents considered the best interests of their children to be more important than their own romantic fulfillment .
Much of the historic stigma about divorce or attempting to raise an illegitimate child on one 's own revolved around what was in the best interest of the child .
Promoting the welfare of the child often involved behavior now usually considered hypocritical .
Money might be settled on a bride pregnant by a man not available to her in marriage to make her more attractive to one who could be the substitute father for her baby .
The illegitimate offspring of one sibling might be passed off as the product of the marriage of another .
Sometimes it was an adoption by a childless couple who never disclosed it was not their own baby .
Occasionally if the grandparents were young enough for it to be plausible , a daughter 's child would be treated as their own .
Sometimes if there was no other alternative and circumstances allowed , an unwed mother might move to another locale and pass herself off as a widow .
This lie was less to save her from shame as it was to avoid the perception the child had been abandoned by its father .
Losing a parent to death is a fact of life that lays no blame on the child .
Never being claimed by a father can cause a sense of worthlessness or personal rejection lasting a lifetime .
In countless cases the charade was simply that the parents had a really good marriage , that genuine love exists when in fact there had only been a passing sexual fancy or a transient emotional need , now long dead .
In the 1960s the idea took hold that it was not necessary for parents to sacrifice to maintain a stable marriage for the sake of their children .
It was said to be better if the parents were completely honest about their own needs instead of going through the motions to keep a marriage alive .
The assumption was that if each parent was made happier by placing their own interests first , the happiness of the child would automatically follow .
There are several problems with this idea .
First , in the absence of obvious physical or mental abuse , children simply lack the empathy to pick up whether their parents are truly happy or not .
What matters more to their development is that both parents are there .
I was well into adulthood before I ever realized how deeply unhappy my own father had been with his marriage .
Some of us were talking about our earliest memory of the greater world .
For several friends who were a few years younger , it had been the Kennedy assassination .
It stuck in their minds because their parents had whispered , worried , cried or clung to each other the whole weekend .
A light bulb went off .
My father had done exactly what he always did when he seemed upset .
He packed a suitcase and took me to visit his mother some 90 miles away .
The older I got the more I came to appreciate how unhappy my father had been and the sacrifices he made to stay with his children .
Second , a unilateral divorce tended to increase the level of hostility between the parents well beyond that which existed when they were going threw the motions of keeping the marriage alive .
This is particularly true where one party felt they 'd been dumped in favor of a quickie divorce and remarriage .
While children may not pick up on a myriad of small incompatibilities , open warfare about that tramp he dumped me for is another matter altogether .
So what happened to the age old equation that one sacrificed to ensure one 's children were raised in as stable a family environment as possible ?.
Why did the idea that the emotional self fulfillment of the parents was of paramount importance in a marriage take root so fast ?
Could it be that Social Security broke the age old calculation that one sacrificed for one 's children in the expectation that they would then care for you in your old age ?
The timing is certainly interesting as the so called greatest generation that gave birth to the port WWII baby boom and who began to divorce in great number in the 1960s was the first to also be spared the burden of having to supporting elderly parents .
As a firm believer that most human behavior happens for a reason , maybe hastening the demise of Social Security will turn out to be a good thing in the long run .
In conclusion , the evidence has been in for along time now that divorce is not good for children .
It reduces educational attainment , increases substance abuse , involvement in crime , and illegitimacy rates and impairs the ability to form lasting relationships .
Now we have information that the changes in family structure over the last forty years have not brought adult women greater happiness either .
Only men report being happier .
Or do they ?
Given what has happened to men , is it real happiness or just resignation ?
According to Christine Hoff Sommers in her recent Men Are the Second Sex Now
They are increasingly less educated than women .
They are bearing the brunt of the recession .
The New York Times recently reported that " a full 82 percent of the job losses have befallen men . "
Reuters referred to the surging male unemployment rate as a " blood bath . "
Meanwhile , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's " FastStats " show that men are less likely than women to be insured - and more likely to drink , smoke , and be overweight .
They also die six years earlier than women on average .
The cynic might even say men are happier because they are just not into the politics of victimhood .
Sommers goes on to note
Why are there no conferences , petitions , workshops , congressional hearings , or presidential councils to help men close the education gap , the health care gap , the insurance gap , the job - loss gap , and the death gap ?
Because , unlike women , men do not have hundreds of men's studies departments , research institutes , policy centers , and lobby groups working tirelessly to promote their challenges as political causes .
Nakba Day , as Palestinians call it , is an important date in the political calendar
Israeli campaigners and left - wing lawmakers have condemned moves to ban Israeli Arabs from marking the Nakba - the Palestinian " catastrophe " of 1948 .
On Sunday an Israeli government panel backed putting the bill , proposed by the party of far - right Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , before parliament .
A Labour minister opposed it ; Hadash , a mainly Arab party , called it " racist " .
Some 700,000 Palestinians fled or were forced from their homes in 1948 - 49 as Israel claimed its independence .
About 20 % of Israel 's population are descended from Arab citizens of British Mandate Palestine who remained on the territory that became Israel .
Strengthening unity Along with Palestinians in the West Bank , Gaza and around the world , Israeli Arabs mark the yearly Nakba anniversary on 15 May with mourning and commemoration events .
The bill could impair freedom of expression and freedom of protest and achieve the opposite goal
Social Affairs Minister Isaac Herzog Israelis celebrate their Independence Day , marking the creation of their state , at the same time of year , although according to the Hebrew calendar .
Under the proposed legislation , people caught marking the Nakba could be jailed for up to three years .
Avigdor Lieberman 's party , Yisrael Beiteinu , says the bill is " intended to strengthen unity in the state of Israel " .
The Hadash MK Hanna Swaid called it " racist and immoral " and " a fierce insult on democratic and political rights " .
Social Affairs Minister Isaac Herzog , said it " could impair freedom of expression and freedom of protest and achieve the opposite goal - increasing alienation and strengthening extremists " .
He is a member of the Labour party , which is part of the right - leaning governing coalition , together with Yisrael Beiteinu party and led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party .
Legitimate right Correspondents say that although there have been unsuccessful attempts to introduce similar bills in the past , the right - wing make - up of the current government gives this one more chance of passing - although it has many hurdles to clear yet .
An Israeli rights organisation , the Association for Civil Rights in Israel , ( Acri ) said the committee 's initial approval of the bill was " a sign of a democracy losing its bearings " .
" Marking the Nakba does not threaten the safety of the State of Israel , but is rather a legitimate and fundamental human right of any person , group or people , expressing grief at the face of a disaster they experienced , " said Acri president Sammi Michael .
Mr Lieberman 's party also wants to introduce a loyalty pledge , which would demand that Israeli - Arabs swear allegiance to Israel as a " Jewish , Zionist and democratic " state , before they can be issued with their ID papers .
Israel Beiteinu spokesman Tal Nahum said the measure would be discussed by the cabinet on Sunday and the first parliamentary vote would be the following Wednesday .
Avigdor Lieberman raised concerns during Israeli military operations in Gaza in January and December that some Israeli - Arabs were openly expressing sympathy with Hamas - which controls Gaza and which launches militant attacks on Israel and which , in its charter , is sworn to the state 's destruction .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
No drawn butter will ever touch Fiona 's tail .
She 's an extremely rare , seven - year - old " yellow " lobster .
Fiona 's colorful hue makes her a one - in - 30 million rarity .
Fiona belongs to Nathan Nickerson , the owner of Arnold 's Lobster and Clam Bar in Eastham , Massachusetts , who has been in the restaurant business for 32 years .
The special lobster was caught off the coast of eastern Canada last week by a friend of Nickerson .
" In 57 years in Cape Cod , I have never seen a yellow lobster and I doubt that I will ever see one again , " he said Thursday .
Experts say Fiona 's colorful appearance makes her one in 30 million .
Fiona 's not really yellow , but more of a bright orange , She 's not quite the red color your typical lobster looks after it 's been cooked .
Nickerson has plans for his new ocean - dwelling friend , but it has nothing to do with the boiling pot .
He said he 'll keep the 1.75 - pound crustacean in a viewing tank at his restaurant , hoping to draw in a few extra customers .
CNN 's Samuel Gardner contributed to this story .
All About Massachusetts
But in just two short days an equal number of technical analysts have slammed Monsanto .
One thinks this $ 82 name could drop as low as $ 70 , and the other predicts the stock will be cut in half .
This forced Cramer to pause .
Back when he was running his hedge fund , such an occurrence – two chartists giving his favored company the thumbs - down – usually meant there had to be something wrong .
So he went looking for a reason to sell .
This time is no different , and he found a few .
Watch the video from Cramer ’s breakdown of Monsanto and find out why you should sell this seed stock .
Call Cramer : 1-800-743-CNBC
Questions for Cramer ?
madmoney@cnbc.com
Questions , comments , suggestions for the Mad Money website ?
madcap@cnbc.com
May 2019 : Our scheduled return to the moon .
There 's plenty of laboring to be done on the Constellation Program before then , but the foundation is set .
Here 's how you —as an astronaut — would experience the mission :
Ares V Unmanned Cargo Rocket , EDS and Altair : The Gear Goes Up First
First it 's the turn of the giant unmanned Ares V , carrying most of the real hardware you 'll need on your journey .
You and the rest of your astronaut compadres walk around the pad hours ahead of the launch — a metaphorical kicking of Ares ' tires .
Man , that thing seems hellish big .
Advertisement
Six hours later you 're watching the countdown from VIP bleachers , and all 360 feet of rocket looks even more ominous .
You all have on the " spaceman " face for the news cameras — confident , professional , all smiles .
But when the five RS68 engines at the bottom of that rocket light up , followed by the two solid boosters , and that thundering noise finally reaches you , you 're all suddenly kids on Christmas morning .
Literally tons of fuel is burned every second , pushing a blunt needle skywards .
It makes a heck of a show , and the noise of Ares V racing to space barely covers your whoops .
Quickly you remember to use your crappy little digicam to snap the rocket 's launch — there 'll be thousands of official photos , but these will be yours .
Advertisement
Minutes later , you and the crew watch monitors in a nearby viewing room as the rocket makes it to orbit .
Everyone 's quiet , as they see the final stage , the Earth Departure Stage , fire its engines .
The huge aerodynamic nose cone is n't needed any more and it pops off , revealing the lunar lander , an Altair .
It 's bolted at the top of the EDS , and looks more like a sci - fi fantasy than a real moon ship .
Eventually , the instruments aboard the EDS all phone home to NASA with a digital OK , and the spacecraft pauses .
It 's waiting for you to join it out in space .
Ares I Crew Rocket , Orion Capsule : Time For You To Hit the Road
Twelve hours later , it 's your turn to go up .
All six of you are suited - up and sardined into an Orion capsule , 280 feet above the launch pad at the top of an Ares I rocket .
While ticking off mission control 's checklist , you think about the imminent journey .
If Ares V is a giant space truck , the smaller Ares I you 're strapped to is a crazy - ass custom - engined dragster — a dragster without a parachute brake , that is .
Eventually the time ticks down to T - Zero :
The booster 's solid fuel is ignited , and acceleration slams you and the crew in the back as " The Stick " races skywards .
Holy crap , it 's a wild ride :
Pure rocket chemistry , raw chest - squeezing thrust from a giant Roman candle .
The booster burns out in just 150 seconds , and detaches with a wrenching noise and a jolt — the external camera view you see of it tumbling away behind you is awesome .
Then comes thrust from the liquid - fuel J2X engine — the first taste of Apollo - era tech , updated for the 21st century .
The ride is now smoother , a little less like Aliens , a little more like 2001 .
Advertisement
Rendezvous in Orbit : The Delicate Mating Dance of Spaceships
Switches are thrown and your ship 's computer matches the Orion 's orbit with the waiting Earth Departure Stage with Altair moon ship .
Your skin feels alternately hot and cold , which has nothing to do with the air conditioning or the sunlight stabbing through the capsule window — just excitement .
And finally there it is :
The EDS , clear in the sunlight , spinning gently as the laser - guided rendezvous process with your capsule begins .
At one point the Altair 's given name is visible , hand painted in copperplate by some techie a thousand miles away : Rama .
That had given you a shiver .
You hear the clunk of mating adapters as Orion joins the EDS , greeted by cheers from Houston over the radio and a bunch of zero-g hand shaking with the rest of the crew .
Advertisement
Moon Shot : Leaving Earth's Orbit
" The Stick " has become " The Stack , " and all is ready to leave earth orbit , and head out toward the moon .
The mood is calm :
No one aboard will let themselves believe it yet .
But twelve hours later , when long checklists are complete , and the magic words , " Go for lunar orbit burn , " come over the radio , emotion arrives with a rush .
" Want a drink ? " comes a request from behind you , and the accompanying wink made you curious .
Sipping at the plastic squeeze bag you suddenly were n't surprised to taste a tiny stab of whiskey :
Totally against the rules , but frankly the people who made those rules were n't riding a flimsy steel , titanium and composite can mated to a couple dozen tons of explosive gases in outer space .
The EDS 's engine fires up again , this time pushing the Altair and the Orion forward and you — tucked inside — into a head - back , eyeballs - out position as you fly , backwards as it were , to your date with history .
Advertisement
When its fuel is gone , the EDS is ejected , leaving you racing to the moon for three days in the combined Altair / Orion moon ship at 25,000 miles per hour .
You 're just desperate to take a walk .
The Lunar Landing : Pulling a Neil Armstrong , 50 Years Later
40 m ... 35 m...
The counter in the middle of the Altair 's hi-res display screen has simulated LEDs , like an old alarm clock , and it makes you smile .
Those numbers are a serious wake up call though :
They 're exactly how far above the dusty surface of the moon this little spacecraft hovers .
Altair — was n't that the name of an old computer ?
Probably had more CPU power than the original Eagle did , you think .
Armstrong landed that old thing on a wing and a prayer .
Now it 's your turn , and your mind 's free to wander because computers are largely in control , steering , firing the RL10 rockets and monitoring radar .
It 's just a question of checking in case you need to intervene .
Your hand hovers over that big red " LANDING ABORT " button , which you hope never to push .
Advertisement
25 m ... 20 m ... A lateral shove from a thruster shakes you and your fellow moonwalkers behind you , a minor course correction .
15 m... " Kicking up a little dust , " you say over the radio , and you know the guys behind are grinning .
" Aye captain ! " quips back the mission 's chief engineer .
10 m ... 5 m ... And here came history .
Dust really does stream up in the bright sunlight past the windows as the final meters pass .
At least you know the surface you'd be arriving on — the Apollo guys had no idea if they were landing on concrete or cake icing .
Advertisement
0.8 m ... 0.6 m ... 0.4 m ... The Altair 's descent rocket shuts down so very suddenly that the silence is a shock .
With less of a jolt than you get when riding on a roller coaster , it 's touchdown .
Velcroed to the control panel , the tiny nodding dog trinket — a present from some young fan — had been wobbling broken - necked in zero - gravity , but now it begins to behave properly , and nods its approval of the landing .
You 're on the moon .
The combination to the locked closet with the Monroe jacket is 5641 .
Fifty - six games is the record number of consecutive games that Joe Dimaggio recorded a hit , and forty - one is the year in which he accomplished it .
See more
The first time James smokes pot in Tripp 's car , in one shot the joint is close to his mouth and when the camera cuts in for a close - up the joint is farther away .
See more
Alternate Versions
The video release appears to have been edited for language as well .
Early in the film , when Michael Douglas is picking up his editor at the airport , he turns to him and says " you 're fucked - up " but an overdubbing has him saying " you 're high . "
Near the end of the film , when Robert Downey Jr. is chasing Vernon with his car , Vernon says " Motherfucker " but this was overdubbed to " man " for the video release .
See more
Many trade unions wanted to see the opt - out ended The UK 's opt - out from the European Working Time Directive will remain in place after attempts by the European Parliament to phase it out failed .
The opt - out enables UK workers to work more than 48 hours a week .
Euro MPs wanted it phased out over three years .
But talks between MEPs , member states and the European Commission failed to reach agreement on how to proceed .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said he was " relieved we have been able to resist its removal " .
The BBC's Europe correspondent Jonny Dymond said it was unclear what would happen next as a series of legal judgements against the opt - out meant the working time directive still needed to be amended .
The UK has strenuously defended the opt - out , which 14 other member states are signed up to , for many years .
Flexibility
It argues that workers should be able to choose how many hours they work and flexibility in the workplace boosts the economy .
However , unions say the UK has the longest working hours of any country in Europe , leading to more workplace accidents and hindering rather than improving productivity .
Phasing in the changes would allow concerned employers time to adjust , unions have maintained .
The current economic climate makes it more important than ever that people continue to have the right to put more money in their pockets
Pat McFadden , UK Employment Minister MEPs voted in December to end the opt - out - designed to prevent workers from being exploited - within three years .
But the UK and other member states opposed the move and talks in Brussels aimed at finding a solution broke down after it was agreed that the differences were too great .
It will now be up to the European Commission to decide whether to put forward new legislative proposals .
Employment minister Pat McFadden said the opt - out had worked successfully for many years and ending it would have been a " bad deal " for the UK in the midst of a recession .
Basic protections Unemployment has risen above two million while thousands of employees , particularly in the car industry , have had their working hours reduced in the face of weakening demand .
" Everyone has the right to basic protections surrounding the hours that they work but it is also important that they have the right to choose those hours , " he said .
When many employers are moving to short - time working , the need for an opt - out of the 48 - hour week is even more out of date
Brendan Barber , TUC General Secretary " The current economic climate makes it more important than ever that people continue to have the right to put more money in their pockets by working longer hours if they choose to do so . "
However , a majority of Labour MEPs voted to scrap the opt - out , putting them at odds with the UK government just weeks before the European elections .
Deputy director general of the Confederation of British Industry John Cridland said : " We welcome the retention of the opt - out ... it allows people to make their own decision about the hours they work .
Keeping the opt - out is a victory for common sense and is good for the UK economy . "
The Czech Republic , which holds the EU presidency , had tried to broker a compromise deal around keeping the opt - out but reducing the maximum working week permissible for countries from 78 hours to about 65 hours .
Its labour minister Petr Necas said MEPs were " ideologically " opposed to the opt- out and their attitude flew in the face of economic reality .
" This is what Europe needs at the time of the economic downturn , " he said .
But unions said an opportunity to end the UK's " dangerous long - hours culture " had been lost .
" When many employers are moving to short - time working , the need for an opt - out of the 48 - hour week is even more out of date , " said TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber .
And the European Commission said it was " sorely disappointed " by the failure to reach agreement and would consult on the best way forward .
" The likely outcome is that more - not less - member states will start using the opt - out , not something I want to see happen , " said Vladimir Spidla , the EU 's Employment and Social Affairs Commissioner .
" And there wo n't even be more safeguards for workers who do use the opt - out , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No more .
Instead of digging in sandboxes , today ’s kindergartners prepare for a life of multiple - choice boxes by plowing through standardized tests with cuddly names like Dibels ( pronounced “ dibbles ” ) , a series of early - literacy measures administered to millions of kids ; or toiling over reading curricula like Open Court — which features assessments every six weeks .
Image Credit ... Julie Blackmon
According to “ Crisis in the Kindergarten , ” a report recently released by the Alliance for Childhood , a nonprofit research and advocacy group , all that testing is wasted : it neither predicts nor improves young children ’s educational outcomes .
More disturbing , along with other academic demands , like assigning homework to 5 - year - olds , it is crowding out the one thing that truly is vital to their future success : play .
A survey of 254 teachers in New York and Los Angeles the group commissioned found that kindergartners spent two to three hours a day being instructed and tested in reading and math .
They spent less than 30 minutes playing .
“ Play at age 5 is of great importance not just to intellectual but emotional , psychological social and spiritual development , ” says Edward Miller , the report ’s co-author .
Play — especially the let ’s - pretend , dramatic sort — is how kids develop higher - level thinking , hone their language and social skills , cultivate empathy .
It also reduces stress , and that ’s a word that should not have to be used in the same sentence as “ kindergartner ” in the first place .
I came late to motherhood , so I had plenty of time to ponder friends ’ mania for souped - up childhood learning .
How was it that the same couples who piously proclaimed that 3½ - year - old Junior was not “ developmentally ready ” to use the potty were drilling him on flashcards ?
What was the rush ?
Did that better prepare kids to learn ?
How did 5 become the new 7 , anyway ?
There ’s no single reason .
The No Child Left Behind
Act , with its insistence that what cannot be quantified cannot be improved , plays a role .
But so do parents who want to build a better child .
There is also what marketers refer to as KGOY — Kids Getting Older Younger — their explanation for why 3 - year - olds now play with toys that were initially intended for middle - schoolers .
( Since adults are staying younger older — 50 is the new 30 ! — our children may soon surpass us in age . )
SHE used to get foil highlights every six weeks  her shade is Soft Baby Blonde , and she was religious about color  but the last time she called her Manhattan salon , Pierre Michel on East 57th Street , she was told not to return .
“ I understand , ” she said , according to the salon ’s co-owner .
The Amagansett florist who decorated her husband ’s annual corporate party in Montauk with lismachia , Queen Anne ’s lace and thistles has banned her as a client , saying she will not associate with the wife of one of history ’s most notorious financial scoundrels .
Even her sons , Mark and Andrew , who have not been charged by prosecutors but are banned by their lawyers from contact with their parents , have begun to refer to “ Mom ” and “ Dad ” as “ Ruth ” and “ Bernie , ” according to family friends .
Ruth Madoff , 68 , has not been charged with any crime or even questioned by prosecutors .
But she has become perhaps the most vilified spouse of a financial rogue in history .
When her husband , Bernard Madoff , divulged his Ponzi scheme , a $ 65 - billion fraud for which he awaits sentencing later this month , Mrs. Madoff ’s life was also ruined .
Although no evidence has emerged to date that she conspired or even knew about her husband ’s crimes , her plight has evoked no apparent public sympathy .
She has been pilloried and turned into a pariah .
Fossil backs theory linking dinosaurs to birds Paleontology
Eighty millions years ago , dinosaurs like these hadrosaurs called Brachylophosaurus canadensis roamed what is now Montana .
Scientists have discovered blood cells and proteins inside the fossillized femur of one such animal that reveals the close evolutionary links between dinosaurs and their descendants , the modern birds .
Courtesy of Julius T. Csotonyi ( csotonyi.com ) ; " Leonardo " , TM of Great Plains Dinosaur Museum less Eighty millions years ago , dinosaurs like these hadrosaurs called Brachylophosaurus canadensis roamed what is now Montana .
Scientists have discovered blood cells and proteins inside the fossillized femur of one ... more Photo : Courtesy Of Julius T. Csotonyi Photo : Courtesy Of Julius T. Csotonyi Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Fossil backs theory linking dinosaurs to birds 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Deep inside the single leg bone of an 80 - million - year - old duck - billed dinosaur , scientists have found a hoard of proteins and blood cells providing the first clear biochemical evidence that dinosaurs are indeed the ancestors of modern birds - linked by evolution .
Until now those links had been based mainly on physical evidence - on feathers from dinosaur fossils , on their fossil eggs , on their fossilized birdlike nestlings and on the close resemblance of dinosaurs and birds like the famed " flying dinosaur " called archaeopteryx .
Now the same team of scientists , which found similar biological material in a 68 - million - year - old Tyrannosaurus rex two years ago and immediately faced indignant challenges from many other researchers , has found striking confirmation in the details of their newest discovery .
The scientists say that the biological material they analyzed in their new study shows the strongest chemical relationship yet with similar bone and blood cells and proteins of two modern bird species - ostriches and chickens .
UC Berkeley paleontologist Kevin Padian , one of the world 's leading dinosaur experts , called the new report " extremely important " - even amazing - not only because the techniques that extracted intact tissues like blood cells were so convincing but also because they will enable scientists to study dinosaur evolution as never before .
The report appears in this week 's issue of the journal Science .
' Jurassic Park , ' T. rex team
Its principal authors are May H. Schweitzer , a paleontologist at North Carolina State University and a longtime dinosaur analyst ; Jack Horner , a Montana fossil hunter best known as technical adviser for the movie " Jurassic Park " ; and John M. Asara , a Harvard Medical School pathologist .
Schweitzer , Horner and their colleagues first found evidence of soft tissues inside the thigh bone of the T. rex two years ago , a finding that surprised scientists who did not believe such fragile material could last so long without degrading completely .
A year later , Schweitzer and Asara reported in Science that molecular analysis of the T. rex bones showed a tentative relationship to modern birds - but not to reptiles like alligators - and the challenges erupted .
Some scientists insisted that the material had come from later contamination , others claimed that the analysis was deeply flawed , and still others maintained their strong belief that dinosaurs were the ancestors of reptiles like alligators rather than birds .
If their analysis of the duck - billed dinosaur holds up after more testing - using mass spectrometry and scanning electron microscopy - Schweitzer and her team will be vindicated .
An article accompanying the report in Science quotes mass spectrometry expert Matthew Collins of the University of York in Britain as saying that " that would transform the way we do paleontology " by turning the study of prehistoric life into a scientific discipline much like genetics and molecular biology .
Although no one expects that fragile DNA in the genes of such ancient animals as dinosaurs could ever be recovered , tracking amino acids in the proteins of the Schweitzer team 's dinosaur could yield excellent insights for evolutionary studies of the entire dinosaur tribe .
Dinosaurs grew more and more diverse from their origins some 248 million years ago until they all went extinct about 65 million years ago - with only birds left to carry on their lineage .
Horner , a paleontologist at the Museum of the Rockies , excavated the fossil femur of the dinosaur 's hind leg two years ago .
It was a hadrosaur named Brachylophosaurus canadensis , and the single bone had lain " untouched and protected " under 23 feet of hard sandstone , Schweitzer 's team said .
Protecting fossil
To protect it , Schweitzer 's team members carefully jacketed their femur in five inches of sandstone before exposing their find to the air to begin their study .
They plucked each bone and sediment sample from the jacket with sterile instruments , wrapped them in layers of foil and placed them in sealed jars to be distributed to the separate laboratories that would perform the independent analyses , Schweitzer said .
" As with everything Mary Schweitzer does , it 's incredibly careful and tested six ways to Sunday , " said Padian , who was not part of the team .
" Getting this kind of preservation in another kind of dinosaur ( besides T. rex ) is really amazing .
The collagen fibers , the molecular analysis that establishes these tissues as closest to T. rex and birds , this would have been unthinkable just a few years ago . "
Strona Główna
Zrzuć nadwagę razem z nami
Odchudzanie spędza sen z powiek każdego niezależnie od wieku i płci .
Chwila nieuwagi , jedna okazja w której postanowimy sobie pofolgować i okazuje się , że zyskaliśmy mnóstwo nadprogramowych kilogramów , które pojawiły się jakby znikąd .
Co gorsza nie sposób się ich pozby ć mimo wzmożonego wysiłku .
Na szczęście z pomocą przychodzą nam suplementy diety .
Na naszej stronie znajdziecie szeroką gamę tego typu produktów .
Reduslim , Prolesan Pure , czy Vanefist Neo , każdy z tych suplementów został u nas dokładnie opisany i jesteśmy pewni , że znajdziecie tu coś dla siebie .
A jeśli mieliście już do czynienia ze wspomnianymi tu produktami mamy w ofercie również inne jak na przykład Idealica Serdecznie zapraszamy .
Schudnij z nami już dziś !
Problemy z erekcją to nie koniec świata
Potencja to delikatny temat dla mężczyzn .
Nikt nie chce mówić głośno o swoich słabościach zwłaszcza w sferze intymnej .
Skąd biorą się takie dolegliwości ?
Najczęściej zrzuca się winę na palenie , alkohol , zmęczenie , czyli ogólnie bardzo niezdrowy tryb życia .
Choć jest to prawda w wielu przypadkach niektórzy panowie cierpią na znacznie poważniejsze przypadłości wymagające wspomagania lekami .
U nas znajdziecie bogaty wybór tabletek na potencje , które pobudzą was do działania .
Longup , czy Potencialex to tylko niektóre z możliwości .
Nawet największych niedowiarków zaskoczą one swoją skutecznością .
Jeśli natomiast szukacie czegoś nowego polecamy choćby Stimeo Patches lub Casa Nova krople .
Są to leki mniej znane , ale również dające zadowalające efekty .
Wejdźcie na naszą stronę i sprawdźcie sami .
Gdy chcesz wyglądać olśniewająco
Każdy lubi czuć się pięknym .
Cieszy nas uwaga i podziw innych .
Ten fakt pozostaje niezmienny od początków ludzkości .
Uroda jednak wymaga wysiłku i jeśli nie będziemy o siebie dbać nasze ciało nie zmieni się magicznie w to co chcielibyśmy widzieć w lustrze .
Przemysł kosmetyczny to temat rzeka , ale nie da się zaprzeczyć , że dzięki niemu mamy do dyspozycji klika ciekawych rozwiązań dzięki którym będziemy wzbudzać podziw .
My chcielibyśmy wam przybliży ć produkty , które pomogą w walce z niezwykle uciążliwymi problemami jakimi są zmarszczki oraz wypadanie włosów .
na pierwszy zdecydowanie pomoże wam Vitaldermax , natomiast na drugi Vitalhair Max .
Dzięki nim Nieestetyczny wygląd skóry i słabe włosy pozostaną jedynie w sferze koszmarów .
W trosce o silne ciało
, , W zdrowym ciele zdrowy duch ” słyszeliśmy to miliony razy ale nigdy nie przywiązywaliśmy do tych słów większej wagi .
Zdrowie jednak ma się tylko jedno i jeśli o nie nie zadbamy konsekwencje będą wyjątkowo nieprzyjemne .
Zdrowa dieta , odpowiedni sen i ćwiczenia zdecydowanie pomogą wzmocnić organizm ale są sytuacje w których potrzebna jest pomoc z zewnątrz .
W takich sytuacjach z pomocą przychodzi medycyna wraz ze swymi osiągnięciami , a my chcemy was zachęcić do zapoznania się z kilkoma produktami dostępnymi na naszej stronie .
Fungafix to pierwszy z nich .
Dzięki niemu w szybki sposób pozbędziecie się nawet najbardziej uciążliwej grzybicy .
Jeżeli natomiast dręczą was bóle stawów polecamy Imosteon lub Harpagon Forte Max które skutecznie pozbęd ą się dla was tego problemu .
Możecie również wypróbować Arthrolon dla większej pewności .
wejdźcie i przekonajcie się sami .
Od pralki do zamrażarki i lodówki do suszarki te gospodarstwa domowego nie może by ć uznane za przydatne w gospodarstwie domowym .
Nie każda pralka lub lodówka nadaje się do wszelkich domowych .
W dodatku do przestrzeni , którą masz , to również zależy od twoich potrzeb i wielkości rodziny .
Możesz łatwo wypełnić swoje życzenia i wybrać urządzenie , które najlepiej nadaje się do was .
Odkurzacze – Odkurzacz samochodowy , Odkurzacz bezprzewodowy – 7 powodów , dlaczego ci się spodoba centralny system odkurzania w domu
Jeśli jesteś na etapie projektowania do Odkurzacz samochodowy budowy nowego domu lub szukasz sposobów , aby uaktualnić bieżący dom , Odkurzacze instalacja centralnego systemu próżniowego powinna by ć w górnej części listy życzeń !
Czy ma dom , dwa lub cztery sypialnie , członkowie rodziny z astmą lub alergią , odkurzacz centralny może by ć logicznym wynikiem dla Odkurzacz bezprzewodowy twojego domu .
Co to jest centralny system próżniowy ?
Mocny Odkurzacz samochodowy silnik jest prawidłowo podłączony do gniazdka montuje się w garażu , piwnicy , magazynie technicznym lub nawet na strychu .
Od tego momentu rury przechodzą przez Odkurzacze przestrzeń , opuszczony sufit lub podłoga betonowa do strategicznie wybranych miejsc w domu .
W tych miejscach system rurociągów Odkurzacz bezprzewodowy kończy się próżniowej gniazdo , do którego ma by ć dołączony lekki wąż , po czym może rozpocząć się !
Elektryczne pojazdy – Longboard elektryczny , deskorolka elektryczna , hulajnoga elektryczna czy rower elektryczny – w Twoim domu ?
Jedną z głównych zalet Pojazdy elektryczne maszyny jest to , że można po prostu naładować go w domu .
Przez średni wyjście 230V , ładuje się około 20 Longboard elektryczny kilometrów na godzinę .
Jeśli zainstalować specjalny wallbox , można znacznie skrócić czas ładowania .
Średnio wallbox kosztuje od 500 € do Deskorolka elektryczna 1000 € ( w tym instalację ) i podwaja lub prędkość pobierania .
Ładowanie samochodu Hulajnoga elektryczna elektrycznego w domu Pojazdy elektryczne kosztuje średnio od 3,8 € do 4,6 zł za 100 km , choć oczywiście to zależy od tego , gdzie mieszkasz , typ pojazdu , jaki masz Longboard elektryczny energetyczny Rower elektryczny kontrakt i jak ekonomicznie jeździć .
Więcej o tym czytaj tutaj .
Jeśli mieszkasz w mieszkaniu , u ciebie może Deskorolka elektryczna by ć mniej łatwy dostęp do парковочному miejsca z Hulajnoga elektryczna dostępnym gniazdem .
Następnie możesz sprawdzić , czy twój rada ustawić przedni Rower elektryczny post obok ciebie .
Ranking pralek , Parownica do ubrań Gospodarstwo domowe
Potrzebna jest nowa pralka , lodówka i żelazko ?
Możemy ci pomóc .
Wewn ątrz gospodarstwa domowego posiadamy wszystkie produkty do sprzedaży Ranking pralek , od maszyny do kawy , Parownica do ubrań do generatora pary , Myjka parowa .
Szybko wyczyścić ubrania ?
Mała lub duża rodzina , z nami zawsze znajdziesz to , czego szukasz .
Mamy górne pralki Gatunki , jak AEG , Samsung , Miele i więcej .
Wybierz z różnych klas energii , obciążeń i wymiarów .
Jeśli wybierzesz Parownica do ubrań kombinację pralki , już nie musisz kupować osobnego pralki suszarki .
Oczywiście , mamy również wolne ręki suszarkę , Mop parowy .
Cieszy ć się filiżanką kawy lub herbaty każdego dnia
Czy lubisz kawę ?
U nas znajdziesz Ranking pralek wiele różnych ekspresów do kawy do wyboru .
Mamy szeroki wybór automatów , kawy , ekspresów do kawy ze świeżymi nutami , można nazwać .
Ze znanymi markami , takimi jak Nespresso Krups i Siemens , znajdziesz to , czego Myjka parowa szukasz .
Wolisz herbatę ?
Wtedy mamy szeroki wybór manekinów .
Chcesz czajnik , w którym można
Mop parowy ustawić temperaturę samodzielnie ?
Sprawdź nasz asortyment !
Usługi handlu hurtowego – Szczoteczka soniczna , Odkurzacz do wągrów , Trymer do brody , frezarka do paznokci , Depilator laserowy –
salon kosmetyczny
Hurtownia dla twojego salonu piękności .
Praca Szczoteczka soniczna w salonie piękności - to praca z wiarą .
Klient wierzy w Frezarka do paznokci ciebie jak w kosmetyczki .
Można również użyć niezawodne produkty .
Ponadto , jak kosmetyczka , jesteś bardzo pewny swoich umiejętności techniki .
Jeśli coś nie idzie zgodnie z planem leczenia Odkurzacz do wągrów , profesjonalnie improwizować w ramach docelowego klienta .
Handel hurtowy do salonu urody Trymer do brody IMGRO Beauty dostarcza narzędzia , narzędzia , salony kosmetyczne i środki pielęgnacyjne , które spełniają oczekiwań leczenia .
Użyj jednej z licznych Depilator laserowy warsztatach w IMGRO urody , i zdobywać punkty akredytacji .
Oglądaj salon kosmetyczny i materiały szkoleniowe i studenckie pakiety .
Poprzez nawoskować najlepszy sposób , można Odkurzacz do wągrów stworzy ć przyjemną gładką skórę .
Istnieje wiele metod żywicy do państwa dyspozycji .
IMGRO Beauty Szczoteczka soniczna hurtownia dla twojego salonu urody oferuje szeroki zakres materiałów do żywicy Frezarka do paznokci technik w warunkach domowych .
Oprócz wzory , jesteśmy bardzo szczęśliwi polecić żywica Clean + Easy .
Hurtownia salon kosmetyczny IMGRO
Beauty jest wyłącznym importerem higienicznej żywicy marki PhD. Przy PhD - depilacji Depilator laserowy żywica
Trymer do brody wypływa z rurki , płyn ciepła .
Oczywiście , handel Hurtowy do salonu urody bloki , banki , granulki i oferujemy wam naszą cukier żywicy .
Naczynia pomocnicy Termometr bezdotykowy , Nawilżacz powietrza , biorą swoją pracę z twoich rąk
Potrzebujesz lodówka , Frytkownica beztłuszczowa więcej lub po prostu przygotowują się do czegoś nowego ?
Mamy lodówka takich marek , jak Samsung , Termometr bezdotykowy LG , Siemens , Вирпул , Bosch i wiele innych .
Szukasz specjalny rozmiar lub lodówka bez mrozu ?
Wybierz to łatwo z filtrami , i będziesz gwarantowane , aby znaleźć to , czego szukasz .
Nie masz czasu umyć ?
Wtedy mamy idealna Nawilżacz powietrza zmywarka do ciebie .
Mamy niezależne opcje , a także kilka całkowalna zmywarek .
Nadaje się do wszystkich kuchni !
Do przygotowania smacznych potraw oferujemy różne produkty .
Z naszymi robisz , że dobry Frytkownica beztłuszczowa koktajl i świeży Termometr bezdotykowy i owocowy ponownie .
Do przygotowania wszystkich potraw , Nawilżacz powietrza proszę , sprawdź również nasze urządzenia kuchenne i miksery i garnki .
UPPITY Christian pup Chad Farnan , a teenage student at California ’s Capistrano Valley high school , has notched up a landmark legal victory by persuading a judge that his European history teacher broke the law by “ promoting , or displaying hostility towards , religion ” .
Judge James Selna ruled that James Corbett ’s remark that “ creationism was superstitious nonsense ” constituted “ improper disapproval of religion ” .
The “ devout ” teenager claimed in his law suit that Corbett made comments that were :
Derogatory , disparaging and belittling regarding religion and Christianity in particular .
In legal documents submitted to the US district court , he said he was uncomfortable going to class , and felt as though Corbett had created an atmosphere in which he could not effectively learn “ both because and regardless of his religious beliefs ” .
Farnan ’s lawyer , Jennifer Monk , who works for a not - for - profit Christian law firm , Advocates for Faith and Freedom , told the Guardian that Farnan ’s victory was the first of its kind , proving that the establishment clause applied equally to the disapproval of religion as it did to the promotion of religion .
It is the first case of its kind where a court has held a teacher responsible for the disapproval of Christianity .
It ’s common for lawsuits to be brought against teachers promoting religion .
In general , for years , religion has been taken out of the classroom .
I do n’t agree with that , but if it ’s going to be taken out , at the very minimum you ca n’t go to the other extreme .
Farnan spent almost 18 months gathering material against Corbett , compiling a dossier that featured secret recordings of the teacher ’s remarks .
However , Judge Selna found in a 37 - page ruling that almost all the statements cited by the plaintiff did not violate the establishment cause , including Corbett ’s view that :
When you put on your Jesus glasses , you ca n’t see the truth .
This was a reference to peasants who did not support the reforms of the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II for religious reasons .
The judge said the statement was made in the context of an historical discussion .
He dismissed other comments by Corbett that “ conservatives do n’t want women to avoid pregnancies – that ’s interfering with God ’s work ” and that there was as much evidence that God created the world “ as there is that there is a gigantic spaghetti monster living behind the moon who did it ” .
Only one of Corbett ’s opinions fell foul of the First Amendment – his “ unequivocal belief that creationism is superstitious nonsense ” .
Judge Selna concluded that there was no legitimate secular purpose to the statement and it constituted :
Improper disapproval of religion in violation of the establishment clause .
The judge said the case reflected the tension between the constitutional rights of a student and the demands of higher education , as well as the tension between Farnan ’s religious beliefs and the need for government , especially schools , to carry out their duties “ free of the strictures of any particular religious or philosophical belief system ” .
Corbett , a teacher with 20 years ’ experience , remains at Capistrano Valley high school and has made no public comment since the case started .
On June 12th , Iran held its presidential elections between incumbent Ahmadinejad and rival Mousavi .
The result , a landslide for Ahmadinejad , has led to violent riots across Iran , charges of voting fraud , and protests worldwide .
How can you best keep up with what 's happening in real - time , and what web tools can help us make sense of the information available ?
This guide breaks down the best new media sources for real - time information , photos , and videos of the Iran situation , as well as ways to organize and share it with others .
If you have suggestions for additional online news sources and tools related to the Iranian election , please do leave a comment .
1. Track Iran - related hashtags and keywords on Twitter
Twitter is , far and away , the best social media tool for second - by - second information on what 's happening in Iran .
People on - the - ground and across the globe are chatting about every breaking update , every news item , and every story they find .
However , all this chatter can be overwhelming - here are some tips to help organize the noise :
Know your hashtags :
The top hashtags and keywords being used by people talking about the Iran situation are # IranElection , Ahmadinejad , Mousavi , and Tehran .
Track these keywords first .
Twitter Search :
You can go to the source and search Twitter for keywords .
Monitter :
One of our favorite tools , Monitter goes a step beyond Twitter search and allows you to watch the Twitter conversation around keywords in real - time .
Create multiple columns or even embed them with a widget .
This makes it much easier to consume all the information at once .
Please note that while Twitter is the fastest source of breaking news , it 's also sometimes a source of misinformation , and has a poor signal - to - noise ratio .
2. YouTube is your ally
Everybody 's favorite social video site YouTube has been a central distribution medium for the Iran riots .
Iranians have been posting videos nonstop of what 's happening on the ground .
This really is the best way to see what 's happening without any filters .
Now , how to find the videos ?
We 've picked out key YouTube accounts and search terms to track for the latest videos out of Iran :
3 . Blogs moving faster than the news
While most news sources are now picking up on the Iran situation , the blogosphere has been far quicker with news and multimedia from Iran .
Thus , your best bet for organizing all of this blog chatter is via Google Blog Search .
Compliment this with Google News and you 'll have a fuller picture of the situation on the ground .
Google 's algorithms have already pushed Iran election stories to the top of the pile , but you can dig deeper with specific searches for the Iran Riots , Ahmadinejad and Mousavi .
Extra Note :
One blog stands out for its Iran coverage : Revolutionary Road has been bringing constant updates on the Iran Riots from the front lines .
We rely on citizens like these to get us news from the ground .
4 . Flickr images really tell the story
Image Credit : The Styx via Flickr
The social media photo site Flickr is brimming with some eye - popping and gut - wrenching imagery from the ground .
Beatings , protests , military photos from the election ... it's all there , in full color .
Once again , search terms like Iran Elections and Iran Riots 2009 will help you pinpoint the most relevant images .
5. Final notes
Social media comes fast , and because of that , the information can be overwhelming .
Use filters and tools to help you understand what 's happening in real - time .
If you 're looking for background on the situation , get yourself up - to - speed using Wikipedia ( Iranian presidential elections 2009 and 2009 Iranian election protests are being constantly updated ) .
Finally , if you want to help bring awareness to the situation , then share !
Share the videos you find via Twitter , blog about the situation , email your friends : everybody can play a part in this new media ecosystem .
Kansas City Royals Fans Get Into Brawl At Kids Play Area At Kaufmann Stadium
We hear about fans getting into stadium brawls all the time , but this one from Kansas City is a bit different .
Usually these sorts of things happen in the outfield bleachers when fans who have had a bit too much to drink start arguing .
Royals fans brawl in children ’s playground areas instead .
The fight started when someone walked in front of parents who were trying to take a photo of their child .
What started as an argument then descended into profanity & racial - slur - filled chaos , with spitting thrown in for good measure .
From KMBC :
Witnesses said the foursome began shouting and cursing at each other and then began exchanging blows .
One woman was knocked to the ground , where the other woman began kicking her , according to the police report .
“ We peek around the corner expecting to see kids fighting , but it ’s four adults right on the playground , ” said Laura Phipps , who witnessed the fight .
Phipps said the fight was going on while her daughter was coming down the slide .
“ The fight was at the bottom of the slide .
She set her feet down to see a gentleman take a head and bang it against the concrete , ” Phipps told KMBC ’s Dan Weinbaum .
Phipps said her daughter was knocked down during the melee .
“ It was beyond a brawl .
It started out as four people , and then as kids were getting toppled , those parents came in , the women were fighting , ” Phipps said .
“ The saddest scene was a girl wrapped around mom ’s waist and saying , ‘ Please do n’t , ’ and she ’s throwing punches . ”
That woman will not be winning any Mother Of The Year awards any time soon .
Two people were taken into custody : James T. Mela & Ronika L. Brooks .
The best reaction to all of this was from the Kansas City Royals organization who said “ it was an unfortunate incident and they wish it had n’t happened . ”
It ’s nice to see that the Royals wish that people did n’t get into fights in the kids area at their games .
Too many other baseball teams actively encourage this .
Police Investigate Brawl At The ‘ K ’ [ KMBC ]
Parents Brawl At Royals ’ Youth Park [ KCTV ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
E.T. , Why Don't You Just Call ?
Could we find E.T. within 2 dozen years ?
At least one scientist thinks so .
June 3 , 2009  --
An innovative new radio telescope has given new life to the search for extraterrestrial intelligence , leading one of the leaders of the search to make a bold prediction .
" We 'll find ET within two dozen years , " Seth Shostak , senior astronomer at the SETI Institute , proclaimed in a speech at the California Institute of Technology .
Shostak went on to say that he not only has a pretty good hunch about how long it could take , he thinks he knows what ET will be like .
But do n't expect him to look like us .
" I think that if there 's a conscious intelligence out there , it 's synthetic , " Shostak added .
He 's talking robots , folks .
The argument goes like this : Darwinian evolution is a very slow process , and although it probably has occurred on many planets , it has it 's limitations -- like us .
Technological evolution , by contrast , can advance at warp speed , as we 've all seen in the computers that are out of date by the time we get them out of the box .
Thus , any biological life , like us , will eventually lose out to the machines we create , and synthetic intelligence will take over where we leave off .
The real challenge , of course , will be to keep the robots under control but still let them do our thinking for us , a neat trick if we can pull it off .
It 's probably going to happen , Shostak said , because technological evolution " just blows Darwin away . "
So , ET not only should be out there someplace , he should be one really smart machine .
Now , predictions about how long it will take to find ET are not rare , since that 's probably the most common question put to scientists at the SETI Institute , a private , nonprofit organization dedicated to the search for intelligent life elsewhere in the galaxy .
The institute has been the largest player in the search since NASA abandoned a formal program several years ago .
The space agency has continued searching for other Earth - like planets , including the launching of the Kepler telescope last March , but it has shied away from looking directly for ET .
What makes the search different now is the creation of the Allen Telescope Array in a dusty valley 290 miles northeast of San Francisco that will , for the first time , look for ET 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
Only 42 of the planned 350 radio dishes that will make up the array have been completed , but that 's enough for scientists to begin combing the heavens for many secrets , including the hiding place of ET .
The array is a joint project by the University of California , Berkeley , and the SETI Institute .
The primary financial support has come from Paul Allen , co-founder of Microsoft , who put up $ 25 million in seed money in 2001 .
The array is the first panchromatic , wide - angle , snapshot radio camera ever built , according to scientists at Berkeley .
The design is based on the idea that it 's cheaper to build a lot of small radio antennas that act as one than it is to build huge dishes .
As part owner of the new array , SETI finally has its own toolbox and scientists will no longer be forced to use " other people 's telescopes , which is like doing cancer research with borrowed microscopes , " Shostak said .
Shostak 's optimism is based partly on the availability of the array , and partly on the fact that new planets are being discovered outside our solar system on about a monthly basis .
They are not all capable of sustaining life as we know it , but some of them may be .
That has lead many scientists to speculate that life , and possibly intelligent life , abounds throughout the universe .
But that contributes to one of the debates that have plagued SETI over the years .
If there are lots of other planets out there like ours , with living creatures that are at least smart enough to build radio transmitters , why have n't we found them ?
SETI may not have had all the tools it needed , and funding has been scarce , but lots of very smart people have been looking very hard for ET for several decades .
Some astronomers dismiss those questions by noting that there 's just zillions of places to look , and they are a long ways away , and no one is certain what to look for .
So in the past , searchers have counted on finding radio signals that are beamed our way by someone on another planet who is looking for us .
It would probably have to be a directed beam because " leakage , " like from television broadcasts , would be too weak .
Besides , why would someone who is so much smarter than us broadcast over the air when fiber optics are more reliable and efficient ?
Our own electromagnetic signature is shrinking , Shostak noted in his talk , so we 're not likely to stumble across ET 's version of " ABC News with Charles Gibson . "
But new tools , including the Allen Telescope Array , could open new ways to search for ET .
Unlike other radio telescopes , the array can image a huge piece of the sky at once , or concentrate on a single star with an interesting planetary system .
All objects in space emit radio waves , which can reveal much about their composition .
One way to narrow the search is to look for some of the things produced on Earth that would not be here if there had been no life .
Methane , Shostak noted , would disappear from a planet 's atmosphere in a relatively short time , so if it 's there , something must be producing it .
" Much of the methane in this room is produced by what is politely called ' bovine flatulence , ' and also by porcine flatulence , so this technique would at least allow you to find pigs in space , " he added .
But , of course , they would not necessarily be smart pigs .
It is widely believed that water would have to be present on another planet for it to support life , and scientists at the University of Washington have devised a technique that they say would determine if another planet has oceans .
Using instruments aboard a NASA spacecraft , the scientists studied light intensities from Earth in seven bands of visible light from near ultraviolet to near infrared .
They found two dominant colors , blue and red , and surmised that the red came from land masses , and the blue from oceans .
If they could detect the same colors from a distant planet , they would have evidence that the planet had huge areas of water , the scientists said in an article that is scheduled for publication in Astrophysical Journal .
" Liquid water on the surface of a planet is the gold standard that people are looking for , " said Nicolas Cowan , a doctoral student in astronomy and lead author of the paper .
Of course , oceans do not necessarily mean life , especially intelligent life , but such a discovery would help focus the search on more promising planets .
It will , however , require a new generation of space telescopes .
And if Shostak is right , we may already know by then .
" If we do n't find ET within a generation , there is something very fundamentally wrong with our assumptions , " he said in his talk , which was published in Caltech 's quarterly , Engineering and Science .
It would make things a lot easier if ET would just give us a shout .
I was 15 when Kurt Vonnegut blew my mind .
Good timing .
I had never read anything so fantastically alive as Cat ’s Cradle , his apocalyptic story of invented religion in a banana republic .
At the time , I had just recently converted from being an obsessive TV - watcher to , inexplicably , an in - over - my - head bookworm .
Now , with Vonnegut in hand , I realized I had to be a writer .
In the course of consuming his entire corpus , though , I got stopped with indigestion .
I forget which book .
But in it , in passing , he says that writers are born , not made .
Something to that effect .
Promptly , I made sure to read and hate Timequake , decide that his whole dumb , cynical world was n’t somewhere I wanted to live , and never read him again .
I wanted to be a writer , and I had n’t really written anything good yet , so my only choice was to conclude Vonnegut was an idiot .
An old , depressed idiot who could n’t even cheer himself up with his own hilarious jokes .
Which brings us , of all places , to Louis Menand ’s essay in the June 8th New Yorker , “ Show or Tell ” ( just the other day I , it ’s true , I told a writer , in my editorial capacity , “ Show , do n’t tell ” ; ugh ! ) .
It ’s a journey into that devilish question for all those legions who set out for the grand abstraction of being a Writer without having written anything readable : can writing be learned ?
Or , more institutionally , asks The New Yorker , “ Should creative writing be taught ? ”
The renowned Iowa Writers ’ Workshop , Menand observes , pretty much says no .
Iowa merely admits people who are really good at writing ; it puts them up for two years ; and then , like the Wizard of Oz , it gives them a diploma .
“ We continue to look for the most promising talent in the country , ” the school says , “ in our conviction that writing can not be taught but that writers can be encouraged . ”
“ A nice conviction if you can afford it ” might be the response of faculty working in less prestigious programs …
No kidding .
At 15 , I certainly could n’t afford it .
( And it should come as no surprise that Vonnegut once taught at Iowa . )
Nudged by Mark McGurl ’s new book about the early years of creative writing workshops , The Program Era , Menand ’s essay explores how these programs fed off the very questionableness of the justification for their existence .
Existential anxiety made it possible for writers to hang out at cushy college campuses while still feeling in touch with real life enough to write about it .
The tension of the question kept its answer — that is , rarely - profitable creative writing departments — alive and flourishing in American universities .
Not to say that there is n’t some teaching going on .
Menand cheerfully notes that there are some writing teachers who actually do believe in teaching writing ( even if they may not be at such exalted places as Iowa ) .
In the end , though , he succumbs to the kind of equivocation so common in creative writing circles that would pass muster in not a single other academic discipline , not even art , where there are at least physical tools to be learned : the real education is n’t what you learn , it ’s simply being there .
Hanging out .
He concludes by reminiscing about his dabbling in poetry workshops in college .
I just thought that this stuff mattered more than anything else , and being around other people who felt the same way , in a setting where all we were required to do was to talk about each other ’s poems , seemed like a great place to be .
I do n’t think the workshops taught me too much about craft , but they did teach me about the importance of making things , not just reading things .
You care about things that you make , and that makes it easier to care about things that other people make .
And if students , however inexperienced and ignorant they may be , care about the same things , they do learn from each other .
I did some dabbling of my own in fiction workshops at Brown .
They were the most exhausting , pointlessly competitive , and sleep - depriving experiences of my life .
I made great friends there , but it was also one of the relatively few circumstances of my life in which I also made enemies ( that I ’m conscious of , at least ) .
Halfway through my freshman year , I remember telling my cousin how profoundly terrible Introduction to Fiction Writing had made my life .
She said it probably means something good was happening .
So I took Intermediate the next semester .
Then , never again .
After that , I decided , for my own part , not to study writing anymore .
Instead , I would study what I wanted to write about .
First , it was computer science , then religion .
I started being able to sleep again .
Not many people in those fields cared much about writing , so I could whittle away at my craft without a crowd of equally - insecure peers telling me what they would ’ve done instead if they were me .
It was great , and still is .
I ’ve learned from writers who think they actually have something to teach , and I ’ve even started workshopping again with friends .
I can learn to write in some decent measure of peace , without having to worry about whether or not learning to be a Writer is possible .
( I suppose this is something of an addendum to my recent plug of Gordon Haber ’s writing workshop .
Which I ’m all for , by the way . )
If they were to follow the ancient proverb , " the enemy of my enemy is my friend , " one would think Israelis would be rooting for Iranian opposition candidate Mir Hussein Mousavi and the hundreds of thousands of Iranian protesters who have challenged the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
But even though Mr. Ahmadinejad has threatened the Jewish state with destruction , many officials and analysts here actually prefer the incumbent president because – short of the downfall of Iran 's theocratic system of government – he 'll be easier to isolate .
Reformist leader Mr. Mousavi , by contrast , is n't expected to alter Iran 's drive for nuclear power , but he would win international sympathy .
" Just because Mousavi is called a moderate or a reformist does n't mean he 's a nice guy .
After all he was approved by the Islamic leadership , " says Ephraim Inbar , director of the Begin Sadat Center at Bar Ilan University .
" If we have Ahmadinejad , we know where we stand .
If we have Mousavi we have a serpent with a nice image . "
On Sunday , Israeli President Shimon Peres waded into the debate , encouraging Iranian protestors and " courageous " women who he said were trying to " reclaim " their culture .
He added that it 's more important to have regime change in Iran than an end to the country 's controversial nuclear program .
" You never know what will disappear in Iran first – their enriched uranium or their poor government , " said Mr. Peres .
" I hope their poor government will disappear first . "
For Israel , Iran is threat No. 1
It 's Iran , rather than any one of Israel 's Arab neighbors , which is considered the most serious strategic threat to the Jewish state .
Ahmadinejad 's verbal threats against Israel and his embrace of theories denying the World War II Holocaust of European Jews have prompted some Israeli officials to liken him to the leaders of Nazi Germany .
Israel has argued that its nuclear program will destabilize not only the Middle East but the entire world .
Israel also accuses Iran of using Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza to fire short - range rockets across the border .
Though Mousavi criticized Ahmadinejad during the election campaign for hurting Iran 's image by sounding off on the Holocaust , Israeli analysts claim that it was he who started Iran 's nuclear program as prime minister in the 1980s .
" Mousavi and Ahmadinejad are from the same school , and we have already seen Mousavi as an enemy of Israel supporting terrorist groups , " said Menashe Amir , an Iranian - born Israeli who hosts Israel Radio 's daily Persian language news show .
" Mousavi declared during the television debates that he will not change the nuclear policy and that he wo n't stop Iranian support to the Palestinians . "
Top spy weighs in
Last week Mossad Chief Meir Dagan , Israel 's top spy , said he expected the unrest in Iran to drop off in a matter of days rather than escalate into a full - fledged revolt .
He also estimated that the Iranians would not obtain a nuclear weapon before 2014 .
" If the reformist candidate Mousavi had won , Israel would have had a more serious problem , because it would need to explain to the world the danger of the Iranian threat , " he told a panel of Israeli lawmakers last week .
Not all Israelis think Ahmadinejad is better
To be sure , some Israeli analysts dispute the conclusion of the Mossad chief that the incumbent president is preferable .
" This view is very inaccurate , " says Meir Javedanfar , an Iranian - Israeli who co-authored a book on Ahmadinejad , The Nuclear Sphinx of Tehran .
Mr. Javedanfar acknowledged that in the short term , the incumbent candidate may serve the interests of Israeli public relations .
But in the longer term , Mousavi and his allies could lobby for a less confrontational foreign policy , he says .
" The reformists are for more human rights inside Iran , and for a reduction in tension with Iran and other countries in the region . "
Calling the affinity of Israeli officials for Ahmadinejad an example of the " narrow horizons of Israeli strategic thinking , " Aluf Ben , a commentator for the Ha'aretz newspaper , noted that Iran has continued unchecked despite the controversial remarks of its incumbent president .
" The demonstrations offer a chance of change in Iran for the first time in 30 years , " he wrote .
" It would be best for Israel if there were people in the Iranian leadership who could calm things down in the region , not stir up strife . "
HILTON HEAD , S.C. , April 19 ( UPI ) -- Brian Gay completed a " virtually mistake - free " run at the Heritage Sunday , firing a 7 - under - par 64 to win the Hilton Head , S.C. , tournament by 10 strokes .
Gay ended up at 20 - under 264 , collecting $ 1.02 million .
Advertisement
" It feels great , " Gay said .
" Just a phenomenal day .
Virtually mistake - free all week . "
Gay 's title was his second on the PGA Tour .
Luke Donald ( 66 ) and Briny Baird ( 68 ) tied for second place at 10 - under 274 .
Todd Hamilton ( 70 ) and Lee Janzen tied for fourth at 275 and Jose Maria Olazabal ( 67 ) and Tim Wilkinson ( 73 ) shared sixth at 276 .
Rory Sabbatini ( 66 ) , Matt Weibring ( 68 ) and Tim Petrovic ( 70 ) tied for eighth place , another stroke back .
Gay led by three shots after three rounds and doubled the lead with a birdie on the first hole and an eagle on the second of the final round .
" Did n't see a leaderboard all day , " Gay said .
" I told myself the whole time I did n't want to watch the board , I just wanted to stay focused .
I kept looking down and moving ahead . "
Seven years after the event :
India ’s Supreme Court orders expedited trials for perpetrators of Gujarat pogrom
By Kranti Kumara
6 June 2009
Seven years after the anti-Muslim pogrom in the west Indian state of Gujarat , India ’s Supreme Court has ordered “ fast track ” or expedited trials of the perpetrators and abettors of the February - March 2002 communal massacre .
Close to 2,000 people , the vast majority of them Muslims , lost their lives , thousands of others were injured , and at least 100,000 more were rendered homeless at the hands of mobs mobilized by Hindu supremacists vowing vengeance for a Feb. 27 , 2002 , train fire in the town of Godhra .
Fifty - seven people perished in the Godhra train fire , many of them right - wing Hindu activists returning from a pilgrimage to Ayodhya .
In its May 1 ruling , India ’s highest court ordered the previously constituted Special Investigation Team ( SIT ) to file criminal charges against anyone who played a role in the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom .
This ruling was preceded by a directive to the SIT on April 27 to investigate the role that Gujarat ’s Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) Chief Minister Narendra Modi and 61 other officials played in instigating , organizing , and otherwise facilitating the anti-Muslim pogrom .
That Modi bears political and criminal responsibility for the massacre is incontrovertible .
Before any investigation into the Godhra fire had been conducted , he publicly declared it an attack on Hindus , implied that Muslims were collectively responsible for this attack , and called for a day of “ protest . ”
All of this is a matter of public record .
But there is also a growing body of evidence that shows what many have long suspected — behind the scenes , Modi abetted the massacre by instructing police not to impede the Hindu mobs and by communicating to Hindu supremacist organizations that they were to be allowed to run amuck .
The May 1 ruling came in response to a legal challenge that the National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC — a government body ) had mounted against the Gujarat government five years before — that is , in 2003 .
In that challenge , the NHRC asserted that it would be impossible for the victims of the 2002 pogrom to obtain any justice in Gujarat , as all of the institutions in the state — including the courts , the prosecutors , and the police — were complicit in abetting and / or protecting the perpetrators of the most deadly communal attack on India ’s Muslim minority since the 1947 partition of the subcontinent into a predominantly Hindu India and a Muslim Pakistan .
The Supreme Court has now directed the Gujarat High Court to set up “ fast - track courts ” to try cases relating to the Gujarat pogrom , including a dozen or so especially important and contentious cases that have long been held in abeyance .
It further directed the SIT to strictly supervise the conduct of the trials and oversee the day - to - day workings of these special courts .
While the Supreme Court spurned the NHRC ’s call for these key cases to be tried out of the state , its ruling was nonetheless widely seen as a severe indictment of Gujarat courts , police and prosecutors , who have been accused of letting scores of the guilty escape prosecution due to incompetence , corruption , or political bias .
The April 27 directive to investigate Narendra Modi and others came in response to a legal complaint filed by the wife of Iqbal Ehsan Jaffri , a Congress Party member of
India ’s parliament who was hacked to death by a Hindu mob in February 2002 .
Jaffri ’s widow , Jakia Nasim Ahesan , had demanded in June 2006 that the Gujarat police register criminal cases against more than 60 persons , including Modi , about whom there were credible reports of their having aided and abetted the pogrom .
Her demands were based upon sworn affidavits and other accounts from eyewitnesses .
Upon the rejection of her demands by the Gujarat police and later by the Gujarat High Court in November 2007 , Ms. Ahesan , in March 2008 , took her complaint to the Supreme Court .
Also in March 2008 , the Supreme Court , in response to the complaint filed by the NHRC in 2003 , constituted a five - member SIT to probe into the dozen or so prominent cases of communal killings that were the focus of the NHRC ’s action .
The NHRC action had been prompted by the acquittal of all the 21 accused in the infamous Best Bakery case — the burning alive of 14 people in a family - owned bakery .
The acquittal came after several Muslim witnesses , clearly in fear for their lives , retracted their testimony or failed to appear at the trial .
There has been no explanation from the Supreme Court as to why it dragged out the hearing of the NHRC petition for more than five years , and given the gravity of the crimes , there is no legitimate explanation .
On establishing the SIT in March 2008 , the Supreme Court directed it to file a report within three months on its recommendations as to what action should be taken in the cases raised in the NHRC motion .
The SIT , again for reasons that are not clear , instead took a year , submitting a sealed report in March 2009 .
When the NHRC and other organizations requested copies of the SIT report , the Supreme Court summarily dismissed the NHRC attorney ’s arguments and declared the report a “ secret . ”
Then in the space of four days , beginning with its April 27 call for Modi to be investigated , the Supreme Court displayed a sudden new urgency about rendering “ justice ” in the Gujarat cases .
Subsequently , the SIT ordered the arrest of Maya Kodnani , who had been forced to resign in March as Gujarat ’s minister for women ’s welfare and higher education , after being charged with helping organize communal killings in two areas on the outskirts of Ahmedabad , the state capital
Kodnani had previously been granted bail by the Gujarat High Court despite reliable evidence of her role as a leading instigator of communal atrocities .
Eyewitnesses have said she personally led anti-Muslim mobs and distributed kerosene from her vehicle .
The SIT also ordered the arrest of a leader of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP — World Hindu Council ) .
A rabid Hindu supremacist organization , the VHP is an offshoot of the RSS , the shadowy Hindu communalist organization to which the BJP leadership pays homage and which provides much of the party ’s organizational muscle .
The Hindu right was quick to attribute the Supreme Court ’s sudden interest in the Gujarat pogrom to the Indian elections and political interference from the Congress Party - led United Progressive Alliance government .
Modi , in the crude style that is his hallmark , called the ruling that he be investigated a Congress conspiracy .
As a result of this remark , Modi now faces a charge of contempt of court .
The Congress — as would be expected in the midst of an election campaign in which it was trying to cast itself as the only true national party , as the only party of all the classes and peoples of India — did use the Supreme Court ruling to attack Modi and the BJP .
Congress Party leader and Union Minister of State for Women and Child Development Renuka Chowdhury said that “ The BJP should expel Mr. Modi .
No one should have any association with him ” .
But the Congress Party has long blown hot and cold over the Gujarat pogroms .
In the December 2002 elections in which Modi cast himself as a Hindu strongman , the Congress mounted an election campaign that even much of the capitalist press described as “ Hindutva - lite . ” ( Hindutva is the Hindu supremacist ideology fashioned by V.D. Savarkar in the final decades of British colonial rule . )
Five years later , for the December 2007 Gujarat elections , the Congress formed an alliance with BJP defectors including several implicated in the Gujarat pogrom .
Shortly before the 2007 Gujarat election , an Indian news magazine Tahelka undertook a painstaking and detailed exposé of the role that the BJP state government and Hindu communal organizations allied with the BJP had played in organizing and abetting the 2002 pogrom .
The magazine quoted one of the organizers of Hindu communal mobs as stating that Modi had given them permission to “ do whatever they wanted ” for three days .
( See : Magazine exposé shows BJP state government organized 2002 pogrom )
The Tahelka exposé by itself could have served as a prima facie evidence to arrest high officials of the Gujarat government including Chief Minister Modi .
But neither the Supreme Court nor the Congress - led United Progressive Alliance government saw fit to act on this evidence .
Modi has long enjoyed the support and patronage of Indian big business .
Only a few months ago , several of India ’s most prominent and wealthiest CEOs went on record as saying he is a potential future prime minister of India .
The record of the Supreme Court , the Congress Party , and the Congress - led UPA government amply demonstrate that they cannot be relied on to bring justice to the victims of the Gujarat pogrom .
The Indian establishment , not just the BJP and the government and institutions of Gujarat , have connived with the Hindu right and are complicit in the promotion of Hindu communalism .
However , there are sections of the Indian elite who are pressing for some exemplary convictions of persons involved in the Gujarat pogrom .
They recognize that the manifest failure of the Indian state to convict even those publicly identified as leaders of anti-Muslim mobs during the Gujarat pogrom is an important element in the growing alienation of the 150 million - strong Muslim minority and is further discrediting the police and courts , institutions vital to the maintenance of the bourgeois order .
In a May 3 editorial , the Times of India declared , “ It is not merely the demand of justice for riot victims that is at stake in Gujarat , the credibility of the criminal justice system will have to be restored by speedy and fair dispensation of the cases . ”
There are also sections of the Indian bourgeoisie who are wary of the authoritarian , communalist Modi .
This is n’t to suggest that there is a significant constituency within the ruling elite for unseating Modi or his business - friendly government .
All they want to do is cut him down a notch or two .
Such is the state of a country touted as the “ world ’s most populous democracy ” by its elite and by a US political establishment anxious to make India a junior partner in its predatory global strategy .
The author also recommends :
Magazine exposé shows BJP state government organized 2002 pogrom
[ 5 December 2007 ]
India : Five years after 2002 Gujarat pogrom
[ 10 April 2007 ]
My friend Dave Weigel seems to be less upset with about the DHS reported entitled “ Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Environment Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment , ” than pretty much everyone else in the blogosphere .
He notes :
Seriously , though , I struggle to find anything wrong in a close — not a willfully obtuse — reading of the report .
I ’m nine days out of a huge machine gun show in Kentucky .
I know that all of the gun stuff in this report is true .
For example : Open source reporting of wartime ammunition shortages has likely spurred rightwing extremists — as well as law - abiding Americans — to make bulk purchases of ammunition .
These shortages have increased the cost of ammunition , further exacerbating rightwing extremist paranoia and leading to further stockpiling activity .
Both rightwing extremists and law - abiding citizens share a belief that rising crime rates attributed to a slumping economy make the purchase of legitimate firearms a wise move at this time .
I ’ve agreed with Weigel ( specifically about the gun show to which he refers , even ) about how bad the more extreme folks who tend to show at gun shows can make the movement appear .
However , there is a major distinction between making a movement look bad and breaking a law .
To help Dave find what ’s wrong with the report , I ’ll suggest a little mental exercise .
Let ’s break down one little piece of the report he provided : “ … has likely spurred rightwing extremists — as well as law - abiding Americans … ”
What would the public reaction be if I had written “ … has likely spurred African Americans — as well as law - abiding Americans … ” ?
The implication is obvious .
Had I written this , I would have suggested that African Americans are not law - abiding Americans .
The same logic applies with “ rightwing extremists , ” who are defined elsewhere in the report with such a broad brush that it includes pretty much any believer in small government .
UPDATE : Dave graciously notes that I ’ve whacked him upside the head and agrees with me , in part .
He also adds , “ I do n’t think the political correctness in short government reports is as big a problem as , say , people shooting cops . ”
Shooting cops is certainly immediately worse .
However , when the government begins to define lawful political dissent , the slipperly slope begins — one which certainly could lead to catastrophic consequences .
In the future , rising sea levels are going to drive people out of their low - lying communities and up to higher ground .
But you might not know it ’s going on right now .
As Luanne reported recently , the government of the Maldives is facing the prospect of inundation with admirable foresight by moving to a carbon zero economy by the end of the next decade and adding a splash of green to its luxury status .
The country is also going to use future profits to fund a wholesale relocation of the population to another part of the world before the island chain disappears under the waves by 2100 .
Ninety years to prepare – sounds like luxury indeed if you ’re from the Carteret Islands .
For the last 20 years , the inhabitants of this South Pacific atoll have been struggling to keep out rising tides , planting mangroves and erecting sea defences , but now the population of 2,600 are in full evacuation m0de , funded by the Papua New Guinea government .
Like the Maldives , the Carteret islands are low – just 170 cm above sea - level at their highest point – and every high tide swamps the islanders ’ efforts at subsistence agriculture and raises the salinity of the soil even further .
It ’s untenable , so they ’re off .
Dan Box of The Ecologist has been watching the Carteretians rebuild their homes at Tinputz on the coast of Bougainville , and is currently preparing to visit the Carteret islands to see for himself how they ’re faring .
Experts are n’t certain that the islands are being wiped out by global warming .
This is a volcanic island chain , so sea floor movement is to be expected .
But if independently rising sea levels are n’t primarily to blame , it could be the degradation of the coral that forms the backbone of the islands .
When this dies , islands lose their natural defences against the sea – and coral is fragile enough to be killed by something as seemingly innocuous as sun screen , let alone the severely destabilizing effects of warmer seas .
However , as George Monbiot notes at The Guardian , these are n’t the world ’s first “ climate change refugees ” – and they ’re certainly not going to be the last .
For example , a rise of 20 cm ( well within the 88 cm upper boundary estimated by the IPCC report in 2001 ) will make three quarters of a million people homeless in Nigeria alone .
We ’re already coming up with innovative new ways to build flood - resistant homes , but until these become a widespread reality , we ’re faced with the modern - day version of the King Canute story – and the best we can do is get out of the way .
Image : Addu Atoll , Maldives – nattu
The String.prototype.split method is very handy , so it 's a shame that if you use a regular expression as its delimiter , the results can be so wildly different cross - browser that odds are you 've just introduced bugs into your code ( unless you know precisely what kind of data you 're working with and are able to avoid the issues ) .
Here 's one example of other people venting about the problems .
Following are the inconsistencies cross - browser when using regexes with split :
Internet Explorer excludes almost all empty values from the resulting array ( e.g. , when two delimiters appear next to each other in the data , or when a delimiter appears at the start or end of the data ) .
This does n't make any sense to me , since IE does include empty values when using a string as the delimiter .
Internet Explorer and Safari do not splice the values of capturing parentheses into the returned array ( this functionality can be useful with simple parsers , etc. )
Firefox does not splice undefined values into the returned array as the result of non-participating capturing groups .
values into the returned array as the result of non-participating capturing groups .
Internet Explorer , Firefox , and Safari have various additional edge - case bugs where they do not follow the split specification ( which is actually quite complex ) .
The situation is so bad that I 've simply avoided using regex - based splitting in the past .
That ends now .
The following script provides a fast , uniform cross - browser implementation of String.prototype.split , and attempts to precisely follow the relevant spec ( ECMA - 262 v3 § 15.5.4.14 , pp.103,104 ) .
I 've also created a fairly quick and dirty page where you can test the result of more than 50 usages of JavaScript 's split method , and quickly compare your browser 's results with the correct implementation .
On the test page , the pink lines in the third column highlight incorrect results from the native split method .
The rightmost column shows the results of the below script .
It 's all green in every browser I 've tested ( IE 5.5 – 7 , Firefox 2.0.0.4 , Opera 9.21 , Safari 3.0.1 beta , and Swift 0.2 ) .
Run the tests in your browser .
Here 's the script :
/*! * Cross-Browser Split 1.1.1 * Copyright 2007 - 2012 Steven Levithan < stevenlevithan.com >
* Available under the MIT License * ECMAScript compliant , uniform cross - browser split method */ /** * Splits a string into an array of strings using a regex or string separator .
Matches of the * separator are not included in the result array .
However , if `separator` is a regex that contains * capturing groups , backreferences are spliced into the result each time `separator` is matched .
*
Fixes browser bugs compared to the native `String .
prototype.split` and can be used reliably * cross -browser .
* @param { String} str String to split .
* @param { RegExp|String} separator Regex or string to use for separating the string .
* @param { Number} [ limit ]
Maximum number of items to include in the result array .
* @returns { Array} Array of substrings .
* @example * * //
Basic use * split ( 'a b c d' , ' ' ) ; * // -> [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' , ' d ' ]
* * //
With limit * split ( 'a b c d ' , ' ' , 2 ) ; * // -> [ ' a ' , 'b ' ]
* * //
Backreferences in result array * split ( '..word1 word2 ..' , /( [ a -z ] + ) ( \d+ ) /i ) ; * // -> ['..' , ' word ' , ' 1 ' , ' ' , ' word ' , ' 2 ' , '..'] */ var split ; //
Avoid running twice ; that would break the `nativeSplit` reference split = split || function ( undef ) { var nativeSplit = String.prototype.split , compliantExecNpcg = /( )??/.exec ( " " ) [ 1 ] === undef , // NPCG : nonparticipating capturing group self ; self = function ( str , separator , limit ) { //
If `separator` is not a regex , use `nativeSplit` if ( Object.prototype.toString.call(separator ) !== " [ object RegExp ] " ) { return nativeSplit.call ( str , separator , limit ) ; } var output = [ ] , flags = ( separator.ignoreCase ? " i " : " " ) + ( separator . multiline ? " m " : " " ) + ( separator . extended ? " x " : " " ) + // Proposed for ES6 ( separator.sticky ? " y " : " " ) , // Firefox 3 + lastLastIndex = 0 , // Make `global` and avoid `lastIndex` issues by working with a copy separator = new RegExp ( separator .
source , flags + " g " ) , separator2 , match , lastIndex , lastLength ; str += " " ; // Type-convert if (!compliantExecNpcg ) { //
Does n't need flags gy , but they do n't hurt separator2 = new RegExp ( " ^ " + separator.source + " $ ( ?!\\s ) " , flags ) ; } /* Values for `limit` , per the spec : * If undefined : 4294967295 // Math.pow ( 2 , 32 ) - 1 * If 0 , Infinity , or NaN : 0 * If positive number : limit = Math.floor ( limit ) ; if ( limit > 4294967295 ) limit -= 4294967296 ; * If negative number : 4294967296 - Math.floor ( Math.abs( limit ) ) *
If other : Type - convert , then use the above rules */ limit = limit === undef ?
- 1 >>> 0 : // Math.pow ( 2 , 32 ) - 1 limit >>> 0 ; // ToUint32 ( limit ) while ( match = separator.exec( str ) ) { // `separator.lastIndex` is not reliable cross - browser lastIndex = match.index + match [ 0 ] .length ; if ( lastIndex > lastLastIndex ) { output.push ( str.slice(lastLastIndex , match.index ) ) ; //
Fix browsers whose `exec` methods do n't consistently return `undefined` for // nonparticipating capturing groups if ( !compliantExecNpcg && match.length >
1 ) { match [ 0 ] .replace ( separator2 , function ( ) { for ( var i = 1 ; i < arguments .
length - 2 ; i++) { if ( arguments [ i ] === undef ) { match [ i ] = undef ; } } } ) ; } if ( match.length > 1 && match.index < str.length ) { Array.prototype.push.apply( output , match.slice ( 1 ) ) ; } lastLength = match [ 0 ] .
length ; lastLastIndex = lastIndex ; if ( output.length >= limit ) { break ; } } if ( separator.lastIndex === match.index ) { separator.lastIndex++ ; //
Avoid an infinite loop } } if ( lastLastIndex === str.length ) { if ( lastLength || !separator.test ( " " ) ) { output.push ( " " ) ; } } else { output.push ( str.slice(lastLastIndex ) ) ; } return output. length > limit ? output.slice( 0 , limit ) : output ; } ; // For convenience String.prototype.split = function ( separator , limit ) { return self ( this , separator , limit ) ; } ; return self ; }( ) ;
Download it .
Please let me know if you find any problems .
Thanks !
The disputed journal article was written by a former Army orthopedic surgeon , Dr. Timothy R. Kuklo , who is now a medical professor at Washington University in St. Louis .
Dr. Kuklo , the investigation found , forged the signatures of Dr. Andersen and other Army doctors on his study and never showed it to them before it was published .
The British journal that published Dr. Kuklo ’s study retracted it in March and has banned him from its pages .
His future at Washington University will very likely be determined by an inquiry the medical school is said to be conducting .
University officials declined to comment for this article .
The Walter Reed episode also shows how medical journals may fail to conduct adequate due diligence on the studies they publish  information that other doctors rely on for guidance .
As happened in the Kuklo case , for example , they often deal only with a study ’s principal author , rather than all the credited contributors .
In his study , Dr. Kuklo , who has not responded to repeated interview requests , reported that a bone - growth product sold by Medtronic , called Infuse , performed “ strikingly ” better than the traditional bone - grafting technique used to heal soldiers ’ shattered shin bones .
Other Walter Reed doctors told an Army investigator that claim was overblown .
Medtronic financed some of Dr. Kuklo ’s research and travel while he was at Walter Reed and hired him as a consultant in August 2006 when he took his current academic post .
But Dr. Kuklo did not disclose his Medtronic relationship in the journal article , which was published in August 2008 .
Medtronic has declined to provide the financial details of its relationship with Dr. Kuklo , although the company said Friday that it planned to provide some of that information next week to Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa , who is investigating the matter .
What 's the worst thing that could happen to a band that is adamantly pro-DRM and anti-filesharing ?
Having an unreleased album leaked all over the Internet , of course , and by one of the Big Four labels to boot .
U2 's upcoming album , No Line on the Horizon , is slated for release on March 3 , but it 's already available on numerous filesharing sites and P2P networks thanks to the accidental posting of the album by Universal 's Australian branch .
The album was mistakenly posted for sale on UMG - operated getmusic.com.au .
How , exactly , the site managed to give fans access directly to the music files ahead of its official release remains unclear , but the tracks have now spread across the Internet like a bad meme — CD - quality and DRM - free .
In a way , this series of events is both poetic justice and a perfect confirmation ( from the band 's perspective , anyway ) of U2's fears about piracy and the Safe Harbor .
It 's also ironic that the band 's own label is to blame for this snafu .
U2's manager Paul McGuinness went on record in January of 2008 as saying the DMCA 's " Safe Harbor " provisions — which protect online services from being held responsible for what their users upload — is the equivalent of a " Thieves ' Charter . "
At the time , McGuinness accused companies like YouTube of having " built multibillion - dollar industries on the back of our content without paying for it , " and that when Safe Harbor laws were first passed in the early 1990s , lawmakers had no idea that it would be followed by an " enormous explosion of P2P piracy . "
McGuinness has also taken multiple opportunities to call on ISPs to implement filtering technology that would prevent users from downloading illegal copies of music , and even suggested that ISPs and record labels could come to revenue sharing agreements for legit music sales .
He is not , however , a fan of ad - supported music , saying that it 's beneath musicians to reduce themselves " to the status of employees working for glorified ad agencies . "
As PC World notes , U2 has traditionally been so paranoid about early , unauthorized leaks that it has set up secret " listening parties " — no cell phones allowed — for industry insiders instead of simply sending out copies for review .
All of these measures are not only inconvenient for the band and industry folk , they 're also ( obviously ) not working when leaks like this can happen with the accidental press of a button .
And , the more you fight people 's ability to listen to your music the way they want , the more pleasure they 'll take in illegally downloading your yet - to - be - released album when it pops up on BitTorrent .
They could do if they wanted but , many times , dolphins and sharks are seen in one anothers presence and are not even bothered by each other .
It is a myth that dolphins hate sharks and even more of a myth that dolphins somehow rescue humans from sharks .
Bottlenose dolphins can be extremely aggressive and are one of the few species that kill for reasons other than hunger and reproduction reasons and they can bully sharks .
Mind you , dolphins eat dolphins too .
Orca , Pilot whale , False Killer whales etc all eat other dolphins .
American Prometheus : The Triumph and Tragedy of J Robert Oppenheimer
by Kai Bird and Martin J Sherwin
Atlantic Books £ 25 , pp721
Albert Einstein had clear views about Robert Oppenheimer .
' There goes a narr [ fool ] , ' he remarked in 1954 .
Einstein had just spent a fruitless hour trying to persuade Oppenheimer to resign from the US Atomic Energy Commission .
Better to walk from his post there than face a humiliating tribunal to answer accusations that he was a security risk , Einstein had argued .
Oppenheimer 's tenuous communist party connections in the Thirties had returned to haunt him in the McCarthy - infected Fifties .
The physicist , who had directed the Allies ' atom bomb project in the Second World War , had been summoned to a security meeting - ' a veritable kangaroo court , ' according to American Prometheus - to account for his past behaviour and old associations .
Do n't give legitimacy to this poisonous process : quit your post , and your country , as I did when an academic in Germany during the rise of the Nazis , urged Einstein .
But Oppenheimer refused .
He was no gypsy like Einstein , he insisted .
' He loved America , ' said a friend , ' and this love was as deep as his love of science . '
So he faced the tribunal , to the disdain of Einstein and to the joy of his enemies who ensured he was indeed stripped of his security clearance .
Thus , one of America 's most brilliant administrators , a scientist who had dedicated his life to public service , was branded a traitor on evidence that amounted to hearsay .
' Einstein 's instincts were right and time would demonstrate that Oppenheimer 's were wrong , ' state Bird and Sherwin .
The revoking of Oppenheimer 's clearance astounded America .
This was a tragedy that was ' Shakespearean in richness ' claimed the Washington Post , while Life announced that he was ' one of the most famous men in the world , one of the most admired , quoted , photographed , consulted , glorified , well - nigh deified - then , suddenly , the glory was gone and he was gone too ' .
In fact , Oppenheimer , to his enemies ' disgust , endured as a public figure .
His persecution turned him into a scientific martyr , a 20th - century Galileo , a role he performed to perfection until he died , aged 62 , of throat cancer in 1967 .
By then , the Oppenheimer story had acquired iconic status .
Books , films , plays , articles and even an opera , Doctor Atomic , ensured his shadow would be 'etched ever more sharply on the pages of American and world history , ' write Bird and Sherwin .
Certainly , much has been written about Oppenheimer but none of it comes close to matching these two writers ' titanic attempt to delineate his character and to put it into its full historical and political perspective .
Already acclaimed in the US , American Prometheus is , quite simply , a giant among biographies , a life story that at times reads like a thriller but which is also deeply authoritative and persuasively informative .
As part of their research , the authors interviewed dozens of Oppenheimer 's friends and relatives , visited scores of archives and libraries and gathered tens of thousands of letters , memoranda and government documents .
The FBI , which obsessively wire - tapped Oppenheimer for two decades , alone provided 10,000 pages of transcripts .
Even more impressive , however , is the manner in which Bird and Sherwin have exploited this avalanche of material , extracting the most revealing nuggets before combining them in a manner that is often gripping , sometimes moving and occasionally shocking .
The story of Oppenheimer 's security trial is presented with understated care , for example .
Yet it would be a flint - hearted reader who failed to feel pity for the physicist and deep disquiet , if not disgust , for the forces ranged against him , in particular the repellent Lewis Strauss , the Atomic Energy Commission 's chairman , who orchestrated Oppenheimer 's downfall , mainly because he felt he had been slighted by the scientist at a couple of parties .
Born on 22 April 1904 , Robert Oppenheimer was the first son of a family of rich Jewish German immigrants and grew up 'an unctuous , repulsively good little boy ' , in his own words .
He proved to be a brilliant scholar , a gifted linguist , a fair poet and a student of science , eventually choosing to study physics at Harvard .
However , he was also an emotionally fragile youth afflicted by bouts of depression .
Eventually , while a researcher in Cambridge in 1925 , Oppenheimer suffered a major breakdown .
He laced an apple with poison and left it on the desk of his tutor , the future Nobel laureate Patrick Blackett .
Fortunately , Blackett did not eat it .
The university authorities were aghast , nevertheless .
The young scientist was ordered to visit a Harley Street psychiatrist , who concluded he was suffering from schizophrenia .
Fortunately , a second opinion was sought , this time from a French psychoanalyst who merely diagnosed a ' crise morale ' associated with sexual frustration and who prescribed ' une femme ' and ' a course of aphrodisiacs ' .
It is not clear if Oppenheimer took this advice , but he did recover and moved to Gottingen , then a leading world centre in theoretical physics .
There , he became immersed in the study of quantum mechanics and returned to the United States to help set up a school of theoretical physics at Berkeley .
Oppenheimer grew his hair long , threw parties , adopted liberal causes and mixed with union leaders and left - wing politicians .
These connections would later blight his life , but were viewed as mere eccentricities in Roosevelt 's liberal Thirties .
Certainly they were no barrier to his selection as leader of the Los Alamos project , set up in the New Mexican mesa to build an atom bomb before the Nazis did .
It was an inspired choice .
Oppenheimer provided patient guidance for a mad ragbag of boffins who ranged from grumpy , recalcitrant Edward Teller , who dreamed only of building a mighty , megaton hydrogen bomb and who disdained Oppenheimer 's pipsqueak kiloton atom bomb project , to the impish Richard Feynman , whose idea of fun was to crack every army safe on the station and rifle its secrets .
Then came Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Oppenheimer was initially guarded in his comments about the atom bombing of civilian targets , but later denounced it .
' We used atomic weapons against an enemy that was essentially defeated , ' he wrote in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists in 1946 .
Later , when Teller and others urged America to move on to build ever more destructive devices - the Super or hydrogen bomb - Oppenheimer resisted .
These were not weapons of war but genocide , he complained .
So his enemies - Strauss , Teller and other supporters of the US military 's dream of building an arsenal of thermonuclear weapons - conspired to break him , a campaign that was to have profound repercussions .
For one thing , his humiliation destroyed for ever the idea that scientists might offer guidance as public philosophers .
' With Oppenheimer 's defrocking , scientists knew that in the future they could serve the state only as experts on narrow scientific issues , ' state Bird and Sherwin .
Equally , it was clear that full - throated militarism would now dominate American life , leading to the arms build - up of the Cold War .
As to Oppenheimer , he emerges from American Prometheus as a rather amiable intellectual bohemian .
He smoked four packs of cigarettes a day and made celebrated dry martinis : a tumbler of gin plus a droplet of vermouth .
He was vain , compassionate , wise , pretentious , scholarly , liberal , humane , occasionally cruel and utterly dedicated to public life .
In the end , he was treated in a thoroughly shabby manner by his country , an injustice that has at least been offset by this magisterial biography .
Three to read
Atomic power
Brighter Than a Thousand Suns : A Personal History of the Atomic Scientists by Robert Jungk
Classic account of the development of the first nuclear weapons .
The Making of the Atomic Bomb by Richard Rhodes
Pulitzer Prize - winning history of the dawn of the atomic age .
Surely You 're Joking , Mr Feynman by Richard P Feynman and Ralph Leighton
Quirky reminiscences of Los Alamos by Nobel Prize - winning physicist .
Think about the list of things done and undone on your ToDo list for the last few weeks .
How many of those things , done and undone , were really worth doing ?
If you can look at that list and honestly articulate why you intended to do the items on it , you ’re a long way toward being able to answer the question of whether it was worth doing .
If you ca n’t attach a meaningful “ why ” to each of the items , then the reality is that it probably was n’t worth it .
But there ’s more to it than that .
If there ’s a mismatch between the task / action level and higher levels of perspective , then the item in question probably was n’t worth it , either .
If a task was related to a project that was n’t worth doing , then the task itself was n’t worth doing .
If a task that was n’t worth doing does n’t relate to anything worth doing , then , guess what , the task was n’t worth doing .
I generally sum up the last two paragraphs with the encompassing statement begin with the end in mind .
If you ’ve heard me speak or have worked with me , there ’s a good chance that you ’ve heard me say that statement because it ’s one of those ideas that is so simple in theory yet so hard in practice .
( Note : “ end ” here is not so much the conclusion of something , but more the desired result of any action – Covey ’s discussion of ‘ end ’ relating to the “ end of one ’s life ” is a misunderstanding that ’s getting in the way of thinking about the concept . )
If we ’ve done a good job of figuring out what we ’re trying to accomplish , then it ’s just a matter of practical wisdom to figure out the best means to get there .
Yet , all too often , we end up running from task to task without thinking about it , only to wonder later why we did n’t make progress towards the ends we wanted .
And therein lies the rub : we can only have a meaningful , cohesive life worth living if we act in cohesive , meaningful ways , although luck is a component to our flourishing .
If our resources were infinite , maybe , just maybe , we ’d have a shot at living a life worth living without worrying about how our actions fit in with our goals , but the grim reality is that our resources are finite .
Every action we choose is n’t chosen in a vacuum – it ’s chosen in the context of everything else we could be doing .
By choosing this action , we ’ve chosen not to do anything else ( for now ) .
Everything we do that ’s not worth doing comes at the cost of something worth doing .
Now look over that list again .
Do n’t fret about the things undone that were n’t worth doing , for even if they were done , you would n’t be better off .
Appreciate what was done , but hone in on those things that made a difference .
And when it ’s time to commit to acting again , commit to the things that are worth doing and drop the rest .
The essence of the message : Begin with the end in mind and connect action with intention .
If it ’s not worth doing , doing it will be at the cost of something worth doing .
When Lawrence issues the promissory note to Auda he writes right - to - left .
Many have interpreted this as the film being processed backwards when in fact he is writing Arabic which is right - to - left .
And when he signs his name at the bottom , he does so left - to - right .
See more
Alternate Versions
There are technically four versions of the film : the original 222 minute print , then cut to 202 minutes after its 1962 premiere , the 187 minute 1970 theatrical re-cut and the 228 minute including the overture , entr'acte music and play - out music in the 1988 restoration .
Full details as follows : Originally released at 222 minutes for the UK premiere in December 1962 .
Shortly after premiere which took place in London in December 1962 , David Lean , reportedly under the orders of producer Sam Spiegel , cut 20 minutes from the film to 202 minutes .
Cuts included the shot of goggles on the tree , Brighton 's " remarkable man " line to the priest , early shots of the drafting room scene , the whole officer 's mess sequence where he 's called a clown and upsets water on someone , and some dialogue between the General and Dryden .
The 1970 theatrical re-release cut the film further to 187 minutes .
The film was restored in 1988 at 228 minutes .
This version , supervised by David Lean , was advertised as a Director 's Cut and has been the version made available to home video formats since .
See more
Tieffliegender Jumbo Air -Force - Stunt löst Panik in Manhattan aus
Viele New Yorker fühlten sich an den 11 .
September 2001 erinnert : Eine Boeing 747 kreiste über Manhattan und versetzte viele Menschen in Panik .
Doch es handelte sich nur um eine Fotoaktion mit der US - Präsidentenmaschine - die Polizei teilt mit , sie habe die Bevölkerung nicht warnen dürfen .
We 're almost certain that more esteemed colleagues like Steven T. Jones and Joe Eskenazi did n't come across a request from a Chronicle reporter to unpublish their items on yesterday 's involuntary layoffs
But we
The GMP computers are maintained by a single person on a volunteer basis .
The ongoing Intel hardware bug storm with Meltdown , Spectre , Foreshadow , MDS , and now the latest jCC bug and the ME backdoor are making the GMP servers far from as secure as we'd like them to be .
We do n't have the time to keep up with the bugs nor the financial resources to purchase safe ( r ) AMD server hardware .
The system which runs this web server as well as mail server , mailing list server , firewall , etc , has an Intel E5 - 1650 v2 which is affected by most of the bugs / backdoors mentioned above .
Please keep that in mind when using the resources here .
Please understand that we do n't take security lightly , but that we effectively are DoS'ed by sloppy / malicious engineering .
What is GMP ?
GMP is a free library for arbitrary precision arithmetic , operating on signed integers , rational numbers , and floating - point numbers .
There is no practical limit to the precision except the ones implied by the available memory in the machine GMP runs on .
GMP has a rich set of functions , and the functions have a regular interface .
The main target applications for GMP are cryptography applications and research , Internet security applications , algebra systems , computational algebra research , etc .
GMP is carefully designed to be as fast as possible , both for small operands and for huge operands .
The speed is achieved by using fullwords as the basic arithmetic type , by using fast algorithms , with highly optimised assembly code for the most common inner loops for a lot of CPUs , and by a general emphasis on speed .
The first GMP release was made in 1991 .
It is continually developed and maintained , with a new release about once a year .
Since version 6 , GMP is distributed under the dual licenses , GNU LGPL v3 and GNU GPL v2 .
These licenses make the library free to use , share , and improve , and allow you to pass on the result .
The GNU licenses give freedoms , but also set firm restrictions on the use with non-free programs .
GMP is part of the GNU project .
For more information about the GNU project , please see the official GNU web site .
GMP 's main target platforms are Unix - type systems , such as GNU / Linux , Solaris , HP - UX , Mac OS X / Darwin , BSD , AIX , etc .
It also is known to work on Windows in both 32 - bit and 64 - bit mode .
GMP is brought to you by a team listed in the manual .
GMP is carefully developed and maintained , both technically and legally .
We of course inspect and test contributed code carefully , but equally importantly we make sure we have the legal right to distribute the contributions , meaning users can safely use GMP .
To achieve this , we will ask contributors to sign paperwork where they allow us to distribute their work .
GMP function categories
There are several categories of functions in GMP :
High - level signed integer arithmetic functions ( mpz ) .
There are about 150 arithmetic and logic functions in this category .
High - level rational arithmetic functions ( mpq ) .
This category consists of about 35 functions , but all mpz functions can be used too , by applying them to the numerator and denominator separately .
High - level floating - point arithmetic functions ( mpf ) .
This is the GMP function category to use if the C type `double ' does n't give enough precision for an application .
There are about 70 functions in this category .
New projects should strongly consider using the much more complete GMP extension library mpfr instead of mpf .
C++ class based interface to all of the above .
( The C functions and types can of course be used directly from C++ too . )
Low - level positive - integer , hard - to - use , very low overhead functions are found in the mpn category .
No memory management is performed ; the caller must ensure enough space is available for the results .
The set of functions is not always regular , nor is the calling interface .
These functions accept input arguments in the form of pairs consisting of a pointer to the least significant word , and an integral size telling how many limbs ( = words ) there are in that argument .
The functions in the other categories call mpn for almost all their calculations .
Of these functions about 60 are public .
Download the latest release of GMP
GMP 6.2.0 lz , 2005993 bytes xz , 2012444 bytes zstd , 2103070 bytes Main site , gmplib.org , via https gmp-6.2.0.tar.lz gmp-6.2.0.tar.xz gmp-6.2.0.tar.zst USA , ftp.gnu.org , via https gmp-6.2.0.tar.lz gmp-6.2.0.tar.xz gmp-6.2.0.tar.zst
To try to verify that the file you have downloaded has not been tampered with , you can check that the GnuPG signature matches the contents of the file .
Use your GnuPG software or a key server directly to get the key that was used for creating the signature .
Starting from the repackaging of gmp - 5.1.0 as gmp-5.1.0a.tar .* the following key is used to sign GMP releases :
Key ID : 0x28C67298
Key type : 2560 bit RSA
Fingerprint : 343C 2FF0 FBEE 5EC2 EDBE F399 F359 9FF8 28C6 7298
Instead of using a release , you may also get the latest code from the GMP repositories .
This will require some more work compared to using a release .
Reporting bugs in GMP
Please first see the manual on how to report bugs .
The proper address for bug reports is gmp-bugs at gmplib.org .
Most problems with GMP these days are due to problems not in GMP , but with the compiler used for compiling the GMP sources .
This is a major concern to the GMP project , since an incorrect computation is an incorrect computation , whether caused by a GMP bug or a compiler bug .
We fight this by making the GMP testsuite have great coverage , so that it should catch every possible miscompilation .
GMP mailing lists
List Subscribe URL Archive URL Purpose gmp-bugs gmplib.org/mailman/listinfo/gmp-bugs gmplib.org/list-archives/gmp-bugs/
Bug reports ( not questions ! ) .
See manual .
gmp-announce gmplib.org/mailman/listinfo/gmp-announce gmplib.org/list-archives/gmp-announce/
Announcements from the developers ( very little traffic ) gmp-discuss gmplib.org/mailman/listinfo/gmp-discuss gmplib.org/list-archives/gmp-discuss/
Questions , Help , Discussions gmp- devel gmplib.org/mailman/listinfo/gmp-devel gmplib.org/list-archives/gmp-devel/
Technical discussions between developers gmp-commit gmplib.org/mailman/listinfo/gmp-commit gmplib.org/list-archives/gmp-commit/
Commit messages
Note that we perform spam and virus filtering of these lists .
The lists have been 100 % spam - free during the last years .
You cannot subscribe an AOL address to any GMP mailing list , since AOL blocks our mail server until we register with them as a " bulk mailer " , something we will certainly never do .
We 're blocking all mail from PR China , since 99 % of the spam arriving to the GMP moderators emanates from PR China .
If you are affected but have a legitimate reason to send mail to the GMP project , e.g. , if you work at a university or corporation with an interest in GMP , please let us know ; we will open access for you .
Status of the current release
The current stable release is 6.2.0 , released 2020 - 01 - 17 .
Issues with GMP 6.2.0 :
MacOS Xcode 11 prior to 11.3 miscompiles GMP , leading to crashes and miscomputation .
Issues with GMP 6.1.2 :
MacOS Xcode 11 prior to 11.3 miscompiles GMP , leading to crashes and miscomputation .
Issues with GMP 6.1.1 :
There are several issues with mini-gmp .
Please see the special mini-gmp - status page .
Issues with GMP 6.1.0 :
An assembly file which is used for Intel Broadwell and Intel Skylake ( except crippled Pentiums and Celerons without BMI2 ) will not work correctly for Windoze .
Patch .
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
Issues with GMP 6.0.0 :
[ No issues found yet . ]
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
Issues with GMP 5.1.3 :
The documentation of mpn_set_str is incorrect and incomplete wrt allocation requirements .
Patch .
is incorrect and incomplete wrt allocation requirements .
Patch .
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
Issues with GMP 5.1.2 :
The functions mpn_sbpi1_div_qr_sec and mpn_sbpi1_div_r_sec compute incorrect results for some operands .
With uniformly distributed random operands , the error is very hard to trigger , and for the intended use of these functions , operands can be expected to appear as such random operands from these functions ' perspective .
Patch .
and compute incorrect results for some operands .
With uniformly distributed random operands , the error is very hard to trigger , and for the intended use of these functions , operands can be expected to appear as such random operands from these functions ' perspective .
Patch .
The internal function mpn_divrem_2 on Itanium clobbers two callee - saves registers .
This can lead to miscomputations or crashes in the callers .
Patch .
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
Issues with GMP 5.1.1 :
Windows only : A 64 - bit build for AMD Bulldozer and Piledriver chips , or a fat 64 - bit build running on these chips , will not work correctly .
Patch .
The function mpz_powm_ui computes garbage if the base argument is over 15000 decimal or the mod argument is at least 7500 decimal digits .
No other GMP powm function is affected .
Patch .
computes garbage if the base argument is over 15000 decimal or the mod argument is at least 7500 decimal digits .
No other GMP powm function is affected .
Patch .
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
Issues with GMP 5.1.0 :
The mini -gmp.c file , which implements a subset of mpn and mpz , was not properly tested and contained a number of bugs .
Please do not use the 5.1.0 version of mini-gmp.c .
Note that these bugs do not affect GMP itself .
The included top - level Makefile .in has an automake - generated distcheck target which creates a world - writable directory .
This target is not used in the GMP release process , but it is a potential security problem affecting users who invoke this make target .
This problem ( and no other ) is corrected in the gmp - 5.1.0a.tar .* set of files .
target which creates a world - writable directory .
This target is not used in the GMP release process , but it is a potential security problem affecting users who invoke this make target .
This problem ( and no other ) is corrected in the gmp - 5.1.0a.tar .* set of files .
See also issues for subsequent releases above .
For patches to older GMP versions , please see the Info on older GMP releases .
Future releases
Please see the GMPng page for information on what we 're working on .
( Travel + Leisure ) --
These days , it 's not unheard of for hotels to charge $ 15 for a mini- bar diet Coke , $ 40 for access to the gym , or $ 45 for rush laundry service .
( Alas , these are actual fees on T+L editors ' receipts . )
But there 's good news ahead : the extra charges are expected to decrease by six percent this year as hotels and resorts compete to attract guests .
Hotels are constantly updating charges , so do your research to avoid getting hit with an unexpected fee .
That said , they are n't going away entirely .
Here 's how you can avoid sticker shock at checkout .
Do your research ( and keep a record )
Most fees are explained in room handbooks or on the hotel Web site , but rarely are they brought to guests ' attention .
" Before you book , call a reservationist to ask about surcharges , and jot down his or her name , " advises Dr. Bjorn Hanson , a professor at NYU 's Tisch Center for Hospitality .
Use the Internet to your advantage
Often , third - party Web sites are more up - front about hidden fees than hotels ' own sites .
Tripadvisor.com highlighted a $ 30 second - bed charge at a top Seattle hotel , for example .
( The hotel 's Web site did not , however . )
Travel +
Leisure : Best new hotels of 2009
Remember that every property is different
City hotels typically charge per service , totaling up expenses at the end of your stay .
Resorts , on the other hand , often have an umbrella " resort fee " -- anywhere from $ 12 to $ 26 per guest , per day -- covering costs for maintenance and services ranging from lawn care to parking .
( Ask the reservationist what the fees include . )
Also , do n't assume that all properties under the same brand implement standardized fees .
Extra charges are usually tailored to each hotel 's needs .
Be aware of new fees
With available amenities changing almost daily , hotels are constantly updating charges -- like $ 5 per hour for holding bags behind the front desk ; $ 12 a day for Wi -Fi ; and $ 1.50 per item for mini - bar restocking ( in addition to what you pay for the beverage or snack ) .
Even if you think you know which ones to expect , make sure they have n't increased or changed .
Do n't be afraid to negotiate
Many fees can't be removed from your bill , but hotels may be willing to eliminate certain charges , such as the cost of valet parking at resorts .
If you 're a loyalty - program member or a repeat guest , ask for a daily flat fee for faxes and other services .
Finally , make sure to get a statement of your bill the night before checkout .
That way , you 'll have plenty of time to examine it carefully .
Planning a romantic escape ?
Do n't miss Travel +
Leisure 's guide to the 50 Best Romantic Getaways .
Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation .
All rights reserved .
All About Travel and Tourism
Despite the swelling state deficit , the Legislature this week dumped several proposals that would have saved taxpayers millions of dollars .
Killed in committee were plans to freeze salaries for top - paid state workers ; to abolish a waste board stacked with handsomely paid former legislators ; to scale back a $ 185 - million project for a new lottery headquarters ; and to generate up to $ 2 billion by selling surplus property .
Republicans pitched most of the plans to help deal with the deficit -- which is expected to hit $ 8 billion by summer -- but even some from moderate Democrats were rejected .
“ If the Legislature ca n’t even make this , the easiest of cuts , ” said the author of the waste board proposal , Sen. Jeff Denham ( R - Atwater ) , “ it ’s going to be a long summer . ”
Advertisement
Senate Minority Leader Dennis Hollingsworth ( R - Murrieta ) criticized the ruling Democrats ’ “ hardheadedness . ”
Democrats said some of the Republican bills would have jeopardized important programs for minimal savings .
“ Wholesale deregulation -- anti-environment , anti-worker , anti-consumer bills -- smack of the Bush - era policies the nation and Californians in particular overwhelmingly rejected in November , ” said Shannon Murphy , spokeswoman for Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) .
Some of the GOP ideas , such as selling the L.A. Memorial Coliseum , were just “ goofy , ” said Sen. Roderick Wright ( D - Inglewood ) .
Advertisement
State officials have projected the midyear budget shortfall as a result of the recession .
And if voters reject the budget - related ballot measures in the May 19 special election , the deficit could top $ 14 billion .
Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger supported SB 44 to abolish the Integrated Waste Management Board and save up to $ 3 million a year , Denham said .
The Senate Environmental Quality Committee rejected it Monday on a party - line vote .
The board has been criticized as a way station for retired lawmakers .
Among its members are former legislators Sheila Kuehl , John Laird and Carole Migden ; each is paid $ 132,000 a year .
“ A vote against this is a vote against a streamlined , more cost - effective and more efficient manner of running government and meeting our environmental goals , ” Schwarzenegger said .
Advertisement
Committee Chairman Joe Simitian ( D - Palo Alto ) said the board had helped local agencies meet the state ’s goal of diverting 50 % of waste from landfills and develop new markets for recycling .
Another GOP proposal , to eliminate compensation for 12 state commissions that pay big salaries and meet once or twice a month , would have saved $ 7 million a year , according to its author , Sen .
Tony Strickland ( R - Thousand Oaks ) .
But SB 685 died Tuesday in a deadlocked Senate Government Organization Committee .
Wright , the committee ’s chairman , said that commissioners worked many more days than they meet and that they earn their pay .
But Strickland called it “ irresponsible ” to hand out “ massive paychecks ” to part - time commissioners at a time of teacher layoffs and government furloughs .
Advertisement
In the Assembly , Chino Hills Republican Curt Hagman argued that a proposal to spend $ 185 million on a state lottery headquarters , including two office towers to be rented out , should be scaled back to a $ 40 - million renovation of the lottery ’s existing building .
But the Assembly Governmental Organization Committee disagreed , voting down his bill to do so , AB 662 .
Opponents of his plan said backing away from the larger project would send a negative message amid efforts to borrow against future lottery revenue .
One of the measures on the special election ballot would authorize such borrowing .
Advertisement
Sen. John J. Benoit ( R - Palm Desert ) proposed to require random drug tests for welfare recipients -- and to eliminate payments to those who did n’t complete a drug treatment program .
The Senate Committee on Human Services rejected his SB 384 along party lines .
Denham , author of the waste board bill , had another proposal blocked too : SB 28 , which would have raised up to $ 2 billion by selling San Quentin State Prison to a developer .
Senate Public Safety Committee Chairman Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) shelved the bill , saying it could add to prison overcrowding .
Republicans were not the only ones to see their cost - saving ideas shot down .
Assemblyman Anthony Portantino ( D - La Canada Flintridge ) proposed AB 53 to freeze salary increases and overtime until 2012 for state employees earning more than $ 150,000 -- saving at least $ 2.5 million and affecting 820 executives , he said .
Advertisement
But opponents on the Assembly Appropriations Committee said freezing pay would make it hard to recruit and retain executives .
--
patrick.mcgreevy@ latimes.com
eric.bailey@latimes.com
Beginners Guide to Conducting a Trademark Search
If you are the owner of a registered trademark many people think they can sit back and relax and that their work is complete .
However , this is not the case .
Your business must conduct a regular trademark search to ensure the safety and security of their intellectual property .
These reasons will become evident in the following article as we try to simplify the importance of a comprehensive trademark search for all business no matter how big or small .
The intricacies of a trademark can get overlooked by many companies as the importance of trademark maintenance is not fully understood .
A complete understanding of the in and outs of a trademark and gaining knowledge behind conducting regular trademark searches can only look to improve your brand , its exclusivity and its security to give your company longevity within your target market .
An Introduction to Trademark Searches
The common misconception about a trademark is that once it has been set up and registered it can be left , the job is done .
But this is not the case maintenance of trademarks and conducting a trademark search is far broader than many people realise .
Therefore , first , we must understand what a trademark search is and how they can be administered correctly .
Searching for a trademark is far more than just an online search , they are not restricted to just a search of a keyword or phrase , the search can also be conducted on a trademark number , image or owner .
This search does n’t only crawl external databases for the presence of a registered trademark but also will return the result of unregistered brands .
A trademark search consists of much more detail where a search can be filtered by territory not only local but on an international scale to display the trademarks that are being used corresponding with your search terms .
Why Conduct Regular Searches of Your Trademark
Failure to keep up with regular trademark maintenance as discussed can have a detrimental effect on your business and your brand .
If trademark searches are neglected at crucial stages , this could prove disastrous for your trademark .
Intermittent trademark searches after the initial preliminary search should be conducted regularly to highlight any possible infringements to your trademark .
These searches outline significantly similar marks that are being used and can affect the exclusivity of your brand allowing you to file for potential trademark infringement .
If at these key stages a trademark search has failed to be conducted it may result in an inability for you to protect your registered trademark and diminish .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP )  A Defense Department official was charged Wednesday with conspiring to give U.S. defense secrets to an agent for the Chinese government under the mistaken impression that the agent was working for Taiwan .
James W. Fondren Jr. , 62 , is the second Pentagon official charged with giving classified documents to New Orleans furniture salesman Tai Shen Kuo , who pleaded guilty to spying for Beijing and was sentenced last year to nearly 16 years in prison .
Kuo , a Taiwan native and naturalized U.S. citizen with prominent family ties in Taiwan , has admitted that he masqueraded as a Taiwanese agent when in reality he was working with an agent of the Communist regime in Beijing — what spy - hunters call a " false flag " operation .
Prosecutors contend that between 2004 and 2008 , Fondren gave Kuo classified information through " opinion papers " he sold to Kuo for between $ 350 and $ 800 apiece .
Eight of the papers allegedly contained classified information , according to investigators .
The papers dealt primarily with U.S. - Taiwanese military relations .
At an initial appearance Wednesday in U.S. District Court , a magistrate ordered that Fondren can remain free while he awaits indictment , but required that he be subject to electronic monitoring .
His attorney , former Republican congressman Asa Hutchinson , declined to comment on the specifics of the case but emphasized that Fondren " did not knowingly provide any information to any agent of the People 's Republic of China . "
" You cannot present this case as a typical espionage case , " Hutchinson said .
In an affidavit , FBI agent Robert M. Gibbs says it is clear that Fondren did not know Kuo was working for Beijing , but Fondren believed the information was being forwarded to Taiwanese officials , which is illegal .
If convicted , Fondren faces up to five years in prison .
In a statement , Acting U.S. Attorney Dana Boente said , " Providing classified information to a foreign agent of the People 's Republic of China is a real and serious threat to our national security .
The U.S . government places considerable trust in those given access to classified information , and we are committed to prosecuting those who abuse that trust . "
Fondren worked at the Pentagon , holding top secret clearance as the deputy director of the Washington liaison office for U.S. Pacific Command .
He has been on administrative leave since February 2008 , when Kuo was arrested at Fondren 's home .
Last year , former Defense Department employee Gregg Bergersen pleaded guilty to providing secrets to Kuo , who plied Bergersen with at least $ 7,000 in cash and gifts from Kuo , including $ 3,000 in cash for a poker game on a 2007 Las Vegas trip .
Bergersen was sentenced to nearly five years in prison .
The Kuo case is one of more than a dozen in the last few years involving either traditional spying or economic espionage related to China .
U.S. officials have warned of increasing espionage efforts by Beijing .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For anyone not classifying themselves as hardcore calculator nerds , the $ 30 price tag may be too much to justify any gains over the iPhone OS 's own non-retro ( and free ) scientific calculator app .
But if you can feel your synapses quickening their firing rate by just looking at that retro face , $ 30 is certainly less than the $ 200 or so you 'd blow for the real thing in good condition on eBay .
There 's been talk that George W. Bush was so inept that he should trademark the phrase " Worst President Ever , " though some historians would bestow that title on pre-Civil War President James Buchanan .
Still , a case could be made for putting Ronald Reagan in the competition .
Granted , the very idea of rating Reagan as one of the worst presidents ever will infuriate his many right - wing acolytes and offend Washington insiders who have made a cottage industry out of buying some protection from Republicans by lauding the 40th President .
But there 's a growing realization that the starting point for many of the catastrophes confronting the United States today can be traced to Reagan 's presidency .
There 's also a grudging reassessment that the " failed " presidents of the 1970s - Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter - may deserve more credit for trying to grapple with the problems that now beset the country .
Nixon , Ford and Carter won scant praise for addressing the systemic challenges of America 's oil dependence , environmental degradation , the arms race , and nuclear proliferation - all issues that Reagan essentially ignored and that now threaten America 's future .
Nixon helped create the Environmental Protection Agency ; he imposed energy - conservation measures ; he opened the diplomatic door to communist China .
Nixon 's administration also detected the growing weakness in the Soviet Union and advocated a policy of détente ( a plan for bringing the Cold War to an end or at least curbing its most dangerous excesses ) .
After Nixon 's resignation in the Watergate scandal , Ford continued many of Nixon 's policies , particularly trying to wind down the Cold War with Moscow .
However , confronting a rebellion from Reagan 's Republican Right in 1976 , Ford abandoned " détente . "
Ford also let hard - line Cold Warriors ( and a first wave of young intellectuals who became known as neoconservatives ) pressure the CIA 's analytical division , and he brought in a new generation of hard - liners , including Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld .
After defeating Ford in 1976 , Carter injected more respect for human rights into U.S. foreign policy , a move some scholars believe put an important nail in the coffin of the Soviet Union , leaving it hard - pressed to justify the repressive internal practices of the East Bloc .
Carter also emphasized the need to contain the spread of nuclear weapons , especially in unstable countries like Pakistan .
Domestically , Carter pushed a comprehensive energy policy and warned Americans that their growing dependence on foreign oil represented a national security threat , what he famously called " the moral equivalent of war . "
However , powerful vested interests - both domestic and foreign - managed to exploit the shortcomings of these three presidents to sabotage any sustained progress .
By 1980 , Reagan had become a pied piper luring the American people away from the tough choices that Nixon , Ford and Carter had defined .
Cruelty with a Smile
With his superficially sunny disposition - and a ruthless political strategy of exploiting white - male resentments - Reagan convinced millions of Americans that the threats they faced were : African - American welfare queens , Central American leftists , a rapidly expanding Evil Empire based in Moscow , and the do - good federal government .
In his First Inaugural Address in 1981 , Reagan declared that " government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . "
When it came to cutting back on America 's energy use , Reagan 's message could be boiled down to the old reggae lyric , " Do n't worry , be happy . "
Rather than pressing Detroit to build smaller , fuel - efficient cars , Reagan made clear that the auto industry could manufacture gas - guzzlers without much nagging from Washington .
The same with the environment .
Reagan intentionally staffed the Environmental Protection Agency and the Interior Department with officials who were hostile toward regulation aimed at protecting the environment .
George W. Bush did n't invent Republican hostility toward scientific warnings of environmental calamities ; he was just picking up where Reagan left off .
Reagan pushed for deregulation of industries , including banking ; he slashed income taxes for the wealthiest Americans in an experiment known as " supply side " economics , which held falsely that cutting rates for the rich would increase revenues and eliminate the federal deficit .
Over the years , " supply side " would evolve into a secular religion for many on the Right , but Reagan 's budget director David Stockman once blurted out the truth , that it would lead to red ink " as far as the eye could see . "
While conceding that some of Reagan 's economic plans did not work out as intended , his defenders - including many mainstream journalists - still argue that Reagan should be hailed as a great President because he " won the Cold War , " a short - hand phrase that they like to attach to his historical biography .
However , a strong case can be made that the Cold War was won well before Reagan arrived in the White House .
Indeed , in the 1970s , it was a common perception in the U.S. intelligence community that the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union was winding down , in large part because the Soviet economic model had failed in the technological race with the West .
That was the view of many Kremlinologists in the CIA 's analytical division .
Also , I was told by a senior CIA 's operations official that some of the CIA 's best spies inside the Soviet hierarchy supported the view that the Soviet Union was headed toward collapse , not surging toward world supremacy , as Reagan and his foreign policy team insisted in the early 1980s .
The CIA analysis was the basis for the détente that was launched by Nixon and Ford , essentially seeking a negotiated solution to the most dangerous remaining aspects of the Cold War .
The Afghan Debacle
In that view , Soviet military operations , including sending troops into Afghanistan in 1979 , were mostly defensive in nature .
In Afghanistan , the Soviets hoped to prop up a pro-communist government that was seeking to modernize the country but was beset by opposition from Islamic fundamentalists who were getting covert support from the U.S. government .
Though the Afghan covert operation originated with Cold Warriors in the Carter administration , especially national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski , the war was dramatically ramped up under Reagan , who traded U.S. acquiescence toward Pakistan 's nuclear bomb for its help in shipping sophisticated weapons to the Afghan jihadists ( including a young Saudi named Osama bin Laden ) .
While Reagan 's acolytes cite the Soviet defeat in Afghanistan as decisive in " winning the Cold War , " the counter - argument is that Moscow was already in disarray - and while failure in Afghanistan may have sped the Soviet Union 's final collapse - it also created twin dangers for the future of the world : the rise of al - Qaeda terrorism and the nuclear bomb in the hands of Pakistan 's unstable Islamic Republic .
Trade - offs elsewhere in the world also damaged long - term U.S. interests .
In Latin America , for instance , Reagan 's brutal strategy of arming right - wing militaries to crush peasant , student and labor uprisings left the region with a legacy of anti-Americanism that is now resurfacing in the emergence of populist leftist governments .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
In Nicaragua , for instance , Sandinista leader Daniel Ortega ( whom Reagan once denounced as a " dictator in designer glasses " ) is now back in power .
In El Salvador , the leftist FMLN won the latest elections .
Indeed , across the region , hostility to Washington is now the rule , creating openings for China , Iran , Cuba and other American rivals .
In the early 1980s , Reagan also credentialed a young generation of neocon intellectuals , who pioneered a concept called " perception management , " the shaping of how Americans saw , understood and were frightened by threats from abroad .
Many honest reporters saw their careers damaged when they resisted the lies and distortions of the Reagan administration .
Likewise , U.S. intelligence analysts were purged when they refused to bend to the propaganda demands from above .
To marginalize dissent , Reagan and his subordinates stoked anger toward anyone who challenged the era 's feel - good optimism .
Skeptics were not just honorable critics , they were un-American defeatists or - in Jeane Kirkpatrick 's memorable attack line - they would " blame America first . "
Under Reagan , a right - wing infrastructure also took shape , linking media outlets ( magazines , newspapers , books , etc. ) with well - financed think tanks that churned out endless op - eds and research papers .
Plus , there were attack groups that went after mainstream journalists who dared disclose information that poked holes in Reagan 's propaganda themes .
In effect , Reagan 's team created a faux reality for the American public .
Civil wars in Central America between impoverished peasants and wealthy oligarchs became East - West showdowns .
U.S. - backed insurgents in Nicaragua , Angola and Afghanistan were transformed from corrupt , brutal ( often drug - tainted ) thugs into noble " freedom - fighters . "
With the Iran - Contra scandal , Reagan also revived Richard Nixon 's theory of an imperial presidency that could ignore the nation 's laws and evade accountability through criminal cover-ups .
That behavior also would rear its head again in the war crimes of George W. Bush .
[ For details on Reagan 's abuses , see Robert Parry 's Lost History and Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Wall Street Greed
The American Dream also dimmed during Reagan 's tenure .
While he played the role of the nation 's kindly grandfather , his operatives divided the American people , using " wedge issues " to deepen grievances especially of white men who were encouraged to see themselves as victims of " reverse discrimination " and " political correctness . "
Yet even as working - class white men were rallying to the Republican banner ( as so - called " Reagan Democrats " ) , their economic interests were being savaged .
Unions were broken and marginalized ; " free trade " policies shipped manufacturing jobs abroad ; old neighborhoods were decaying ; drug use among the young was soaring .
Meanwhile , unprecedented greed was unleashed on Wall Street , fraying old - fashioned bonds between company owners and employees .
Before Reagan , corporate CEOs earned less than 50 times the salary of an average worker .
By the end of the Reagan - Bush - I administrations in 1993 , the average CEO salary was more than 100 times that of a typical worker .
( At the end of the Bush - II administration , that CEO - salary figure was more than 250 times that of an average worker . )
Many other trends set during the Reagan era continued to corrode the U.S. political process in the years after Reagan left office .
After 9/11 , for instance , the neocons reemerged as a dominant force , reprising their " perception management " tactics , depicting the " war on terror " - like the last days of the Cold War - as a terrifying conflict between good and evil .
The hyping of the Islamic threat mirrored the neocons ' exaggerated depiction of the Soviet menace in the 1980s - and again the propaganda strategy worked .
Many Americans let their emotions run wild , from the hunger for revenge after 9/11 to the war fever over invading Iraq .
Arguably , the descent into this dark fantasyland - that Ronald Reagan began in the early 1980s - reached its nadir in the flag - waving early days of the Iraq War .
Only gradually did reality begin to reassert itself as the death toll mounted in Iraq and the Katrina disaster reminded Americans why they needed an effective government .
Still , the disasters - set in motion by Ronald Reagan - continued to roll in .
Bush 's Reagan - esque tax cuts for the rich blew another huge hole in the federal budget and the Reagan - esque anti-regulatory fervor led to a massive financial meltdown that threw the nation into economic chaos .
Love Reagan ; Hate Bush
Ironically , George W. Bush has come in for savage criticism , but the Republican leader who inspired Bush 's presidency - Ronald Reagan - remained an honored figure , his name attached to scores of national landmarks including Washington 's National Airport .
Even leading Democrats genuflect to Reagan .
Early in Campaign 2008 , when Barack Obama was positioning himself as a bipartisan political figure who could appeal to Republicans , he bowed to the Reagan mystique , hailing the GOP icon as a leader who " changed the trajectory of America . "
Though Obama 's chief point was that Reagan in 1980 " put us on a fundamentally different path " - a point which may be historically undeniable - Obama went further , justifying Reagan 's course correction because of " all the excesses of the 1960s and 1970s , and government had grown and grown , but there was n't much sense of accountability . "
While Obama later clarified his point to say he did n't mean to endorse Reagan 's conservative policies , Obama seemed to suggest that Reagan 's 1980 election administered a needed dose of accountability to the United States when Reagan actually did the opposite .
Reagan 's presidency represented a dangerous escape from accountability - and reality .
Still , Obama and congressional Democrats continue to pander to the Reagan myth .
On Tuesday , as the nation approached the fifth anniversary of Reagan 's death , Obama welcomed Nancy Reagan to the White House and signed a law creating a panel to plan and carry out events to honor Reagan 's 100th birthday in 2011 .
Obama hailed the right - wing icon .
" President Reagan helped as much as any President to restore a sense of optimism in our country , a spirit that transcended politics - that transcended even the most heated arguments of the day , " Obama said .
[ For more on Obama 's earlier pandering about Reagan , see Consortiumnews.com 's " Obama 's Dubious Praise for Reagan . " ]
It 's a sure thing that the Reagan Centennial Committee wo n't do much more than add to the hagiography surrounding the 40th President .
Despite the grievous harm that Reagan 's presidency inflicted on the American Republic and the American people , it may take many more years before a historian has the guts to put this deformed era into a truthful perspective and rate Reagan where he belongs -- near the bottom of the presidential list .
SpeedomEATer
According to the National Hot Dog and Sausage Council , Americans typically consume 7 billion hot dogs or 818 hot dogs per second during Hot Dog Season ( Memorial Day to Labor Day ) .
Doghouse Diaries ' own William was available for comment : Raf : So Will , if I can call you Will , how would you describe the hot dog eating experience in one word ?
Will : Mustardhappytime .
Alt - Text : Nice buns .
What happens when someone rings two police stations at the same time on two phones and they hold the phones together ?
Claire has the answer .
Must have been a meteorite hit the lines but they ’re alright in Westport and Castlebarr .
Gammagoblin has made a Google Video of the phone call !
The Red Cardinal found another video with animated Gardai conversing created by Ian Benjamin Kenny .
Frank thinks the Gardai were busy dealing with meteorites on the line when a certain memo came from Interpol .
Oops .
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Medical bills are behind more than 60 percent of U.S. personal bankruptcies , U.S. researchers reported on Thursday in a report they said demonstrates that healthcare reform is on the wrong track .
A person has their blood pressure taken in this undated file photo .
REUTERS / File
More than 75 percent of these bankrupt families had health insurance but still were overwhelmed by their medical debts , the team at Harvard Law School , Harvard Medical School and Ohio University reported in the American Journal of Medicine .
“ Unless you ’re Warren Buffett , your family is just one serious illness away from bankruptcy , ” Harvard ’s Dr. David Himmelstein , an advocate for a single - payer health insurance program for the United States , said in a statement .
“ For middle - class Americans , health insurance offers little protection , ” he added .
The United States is embarking on an overhaul of its healthcare system , now a patchwork of public programs such as Medicare for the elderly and disabled and employer - sponsored health insurance that leaves 15 percent of the population with no coverage .
The researchers and some consumer advocates said the study showed the proposals under the most serious consideration are unlikely to help many Americans .
They are pressing for a so - called single payer plan , in which one agency , usually the government , coordinates health coverage .
“ Expanding private insurance and calling it health reform will fail to prevent financial catastrophe for hundreds of thousands of Americans every year , ” Dr. Sidney Wolfe of the Health Research Group at Public Citizen said in a statement .
About 170 million people get health insurance through an employer but President Barack Obama says soaring healthcare costs hurt the economy and force businesses to drop medical insurance for their workers .
CANCELED COVERAGE
“ Nationally , a quarter of firms cancel coverage immediately when an employee suffers a disabling illness ; another quarter do so within a year , ” the report reads .
Obama told Congress on Wednesday he was open to making mandatory health insurance part of the overhaul .
Neither Congress nor Obama are considering the kind of single - payer plan advocated by Public Citizen , Himmelstein and his colleague Dr. Steffie Woolhandler .
“ We need to rethink health reform , ” Woolhandler said .
“ Covering the uninsured is n’t enough .
“ Only single - payer national health insurance can make universal , comprehensive coverage affordable by saving the hundreds of billions we now waste on insurance overhead and bureaucracy . ”
The researchers studied 2,134 random families who filed for bankruptcy between January and April in 2007 , before the current recession began .
They used public bankruptcy court records and surveyed 1,032 people by telephone .
“ Using a conservative definition , 62.1 percent of all bankruptcies in 2007 were medical ; 92 percent of these medical debtors had medical debts over $ 5,000 , or 10 percent of pretax family income , ” the researchers wrote .
“ Most medical debtors were well - educated , owned homes and had middle - class occupations . ”
The researchers , funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , said the share of bankruptcies that could be blamed on medical problems rose by 50 percent from 2001 to 2007 .
Patients with multiple sclerosis paid a mean of $ 34,167 out of pocket in 2007 , diabetics paid $ 26,971 , and those with injuries paid $ 25,096 , the researchers found .
The Pro's and Con's of Debt Consolidation Loans By Wesley Atkins Y ou are swimming in debt .
You have 4 credit cards maxed out , a car loan , a consumer loan , and a house payment .
Simply making the minimum payments is causing your distress and certainly not getting you out of debt .
What should you do ?
Some people feel that debt consolidation loans are the best option .
A debt consolidation loans is one loan which pays off many other loans or lines of credit .
I�m sure you�ve seen the advertisements of smiling people who have chosen to take a consolidation loan .
They seem to have had the weight of the world lifted off their shoulders .
But are debt consolidation loans a good deal ?
Let �s explore the pros and cons of this type of debt solution .
Pros 1 .
One payment versus many payments :
The average citizen of the USA pays 11 different creditors every month .
Making one single payment is much easier than figuring out who should get paid how much and when .
This makes managing your finances much easier .
2 . Reduced interest rates :
Since the most common type of debt consolidation loan is the home equity loan , also called a second mortgage , the interest rates will be lower than most consumer debt interest rates .
Your mortgage is a secured debt .
This means that they have something they can take from you if you do not make your payment .
Credit cards are unsecured loans .
They have nothing except your word and your history .
Since this is the case , unsecured loans typically have higher interest rates .
3 . Lower monthly payments :
Since the interest rate is lower and because you have one payment vs many , the amount you have to pay per month is typically decreased significantly .
4 . Only one creditor : With a consolidated loan , you only have one creditor to deal with .
If there are any problems or issues , you will only have to make one call instead of several .
Once again , this simply makes controlling your finances much easier .
5 . Tax Breaks : Interest paid to a credit card is money down the drain .
Interest paid to a mortgage can be used as a tax write - off .
Sounds great , doesn�t it ?
Before you run out and get a loan , let�s look at the other side of the picture � the cons .
Cons 1 .
Easy to get into further debt :
With an easier load to bear and more money left over at the end of the month , it might be easy to start using your credit cards again or continuing spending habits that got you into such credit card debt in the first place .
2 . Longer time to pay off : Most mortgages are the 10 to 30 year variety .
This means that rather than spend a couple of years getting out of credit card debt , you will be spending the length of your mortgage getting out of debt .
3 . Spend more over the long haul :
Even though the interest rate is less , if you take the loan out over a 30 year period , you may end up spending more than you would have if you had kept each individual loan .
4 . You can lose everything : Consolidation loans are secured loans .
If you didn�t pay an unsecured credit card loan , it would give you a bad rating but your home would still be secure .
If you do not pay a secured loan , they will take away whatever secured the loan .
In most cases , this is your home .
As you can see , consolidated loans are not for everyone .
Before you make a decision , you must realistically look at the pros and cons to determine if this is the right decision for you .
Author Information : Wesly Atkins is the owner of http://www.credit-cards-advisor.com-
which aims to get you fitted with the best credit cards to suit your situation .
With numerous credit card articles and easy online credit card applications you will never choose the wrong credit card again .
A man walks by the logo of Microsoft in a shop of Brussels September 17 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Sebastien Pirlet
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Microsoft
Corp is developing a feature in its new operating system that allows users to turn off Internet Explorer and other key Microsoft programs .
The new feature is a major step for the world ’s largest software company , which has been accused by competitors and regulators of forcing consumers to run its own software , squeezing rivals ’ offerings out of the marketplace .
“ In addition to the features that were already available to turn on or off in Windows Vista , we ’ve added the following features to the list in Windows 7 , ” said a Microsoft blog published on Friday , listing Internet Explorer 8 , Windows Media Player and a host of other Microsoft programs .
The publicly available blog ( here
turning - windows - features - on - or - off.aspx ) was written by Jack May o , a manager in the team developing Microsoft ’s new Windows 7 operating system , which will replace the unpopular Vista early next year .
The new design will make it easier for users to remove any traces of Internet Explorer from their desktop , although the software will remain installed on the computer , and allow them to run other browsers more smoothly .
Last month Google Inc , which recently launched its own Chrome browser , joined the Mozilla foundation , producer of the Firefox Web browser , and Norway ’s Opera , in protesting Microsoft ’s dominance in the browser market .
In January , European regulators brought formal charges against Microsoft for abusing its dominant market position by bundling its Internet Explorer Web browser with its Windows operating system , which is used in 95 percent of the world ’s personal computers .
In the past decade , Microsoft has fallen afoul of both U.S. and European antitrust regulators for bundling key programs with its operating system .
My pal Matt is from Niagara Falls .
He lives in L.A. now but his mother and most of his family are still there in the Buffalo area .
He talks of it nostalgically but the chances of him moving back there are about equal to the chance that you 'll ever live there .
Niagara Falls looks like a bombed out wreck .
Wait , wait !
Let me correct that .
The U.S. city of Niagara Falls looks like a bombed out wreck .
The Canadian city of Niagara Falls looks like what it is , a glittering , shiny , thriving small metropolis .
Makes you wonder what went wrong .
Yesterday , without even trying , Bob Harding at The Albany Project went a good ways towards explaining what went wrong and what has kept Niagara Falls -- and the whole Buffalo area -- down .
Harding is demanding a serious investigation by the newly cleansed Department of Justice into political influence that tainted decisions by the former Bush Regime U.S. Attorney for Buffalo , Michael Battle .
Before taking over the Executive Office for United States Attorneys -- yes , Battle was the guy who fired the 7 U.S. Attorneys that led to one of the biggest and most disgraceful in a long series of Bush scandals politicizing the Justice Department -- he was perverting justice in Western New York between January 2002 until May 2005 .
A particularly egregious example of Battle ’s peculiar brand of lenient law enforcement came when he chose not to pursue smuggling charges against the nephew of powerful Buffalo - area Republican state Senator George Maziarz , a veritable feudal baron in northwest New York .
Maziarz the younger was caught casing inspection lanes at a border crossing for his partner - in - crime who was attempting to smuggle goods into the US from Canada .
In announcing his decision to drop the smuggling rap against Maziarz and his partner , Battle , rather mysteriously , said only " we decided at this time it was n't appropriate to pursue charges .
" Battle 's record of toadyism and compliance with Bush commissars at Justice raises credible questions about his prior record as US Attorney .
And it comes as no surprise to anyone who follows New York politics that this senator would have his hand up the Buffalo U.S. Attorney 's ass .
NY State Senator George Maziarz runs his Western New York district on the Canadian border like the border - town boss in Touch of Evil Under Maziarz ’s iron fist -- and the Republican controlled state Senate and governor ’s mansion -- Niagara Falls festered with out of control unemployment , a derelict downtown , and crack and hooker - infested neighborhoods .
Meanwhile , Maziarz used the enormously wealthy New York Power Authority ( which produces the cheapest electricity on the planet thanks to Niagara Falls ) as a dumping ground to reward his cronies , hacks and shills with lucrative jobs and contracts .
In fact , no job in the county is too small to escape Maziarz ’s attention .
Now that Maziarz is the designated attack dog for a state GOP desperate to regain control of the Senate , he spouts phony indignation over patronage and abuse at the hands of evil New York City interests -- even though he has long been the whoremaster for every corrupt practice in a particularly corrupt corner of the country
Labels : Corruption , Maziarz , Michael Battle , New York
Scientists are coming ever closer to understanding the cellular navigation tools that guide birds in their unerring , globe - spanning migrations .
The latest piece of the puzzle is superoxide , an oxygen molecule that may combine with light - sensitive proteins to form an in - eye compass , allowing birds to see Earth 's magnetic field .
" It connects from the subatomic world to a whole bird flying , " said Michael Edidin , an editor of Biphysical Journal , which published the study last week .
" That 's exciting ! "
The superoxide theory is proposed by Biophysicist Klaus Schulten of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , lead author of the study and a pioneer in avian magnetoreception .
Schulten first hypothesized in 1978 that some sort of biochemical reaction took place in birds ' eyes , most likely producing electrons whose spin was affected by subtle magnetic gradients .
In 2000 , Schulten refined this model , suggesting that the compass contained a photoreceptor protein called cryptochrome , which reacted with an as - yet - unidentified molecule to produce pairs of electrons that existed in a state of quantum entanglement — spatially separated , but each still able to affect the other .
According to this model , when a photon hits the compass , entangled electrons are scattered to different parts of the molecule .
Variations in Earth 's magnetic field cause them to spin in different ways , each of which leaves the compass in a slightly different chemical state .
The state alters the flow of cellular signals through a bird 's visual pathways , ultimately resulting in a perception of magnetism .
Far - fetched as it sounds , subsequent research from multiple groups has found cellular evidence of such a system .
Molecular experiments suggest that it 's indeed sensitive to Earth 's geomagnetics , and computational models suggest a level of quantum entanglement only dreamed of by physicists , who hope to use entangled electrons to store information in quantum computers .
But though cryptochrome is likely part of the compass , the other part is still unknown .
In April , another group of magnetoreception researchers showed that oxygen could interact with cryptochrome to produce the necessary electron entanglements .
Schulten 's latest proposed role for superoxide , an oxygen anion found in bird eyes , fits with their findings .
Edidin cautioned that " this is still not an experimental demonstration .
It 's a possibility . "
As for the perceptual result of the compass , it remains a mystery .
Some researchers think birds might see a dot at the edge of their vision , swiveling according to the direction they 're facing .
Others think it might produce effects of color or hue .
Perhaps migrating birds fly towards the light .
See Also :
Citations : " Magnetoreception through Cryptochrome May Involve Superoxide . "
By Ilia A. Solov 'yov and Klaus Schulten .
Biophysical Journal , Vol. 96 Issue 12 , June 17 , 2009 .
" Quantum coherence and entanglement in the avian compass . "
By Elisabeth Rieper , Erik Gauger , John J. L. Morton , Simon C. Benjamin , Vlatko Vedral .
arXiv , June 19 , 2009 .
" Magnetic Compass of Birds Is Based on a Molecule with Optimal Directional Sensitivity . "
Thorsten Ritz , Roswitha Wiltschko , P.J. Hore , Christopher T. Rodgers , Katrin Stapput , Peter Thalau , Christiane R. Timmel and Wolfgang Wiltschko .
Biophysical Journal , Vol. 96 Issue 8 , April 22 , 2009 .
Image : fdecomite / Flickr
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Today , Australia is one of the hot destinations for the Indian students to pursue their further education .
Over the years , the numbers of such students have increased .
The main reason being the Liberal Student Visa Policy brought out by the Australian government .
Of late , Indian students and the attacks they are facing in Australia seem to be getting lots of media attention .
Unless immediate pro-active steps , followed by some long term decisions are not taken , situation may go out of control .
Why sudden incidents of attacks on Indian students ?
This visa policy could also be considered as one of the main reasons behind the racist attacks on the Indian students in Australia .
To understand this better , let ’s take an example .
Board a flight going via the ASEAN countries of Thailand , Malaysia and Singapore .
One would find most of the passengers to be Indian boys and girls in their late 20s or early 30s on a transit flight to Australia .
But what attracts or shocks one is that most of these youngsters have literally zero English language skills .
More importantly , majority of them come from rural backgrounds , never venturing beyond their native state .
A few seconds of conversation with them would make one realise the plight that they are about to get into .
Starting with the major cultural shock followed by the non – acceptance of the Australian society in general .
All they have for support is loads of money .
One look at the pictures and videos of the protests in Australia would make one realise that most of the students come from such backgrounds .
Taking the argument forward , it cannot be denied that the Indians are among the largest community of the Skilled Migrants in Australia .
The fact that they have not normally faced these or a similar attack questions the profiles of those landing in Australia on Student visa and their ability to adjust to socio-cultural factor in Australia .
This is a critical factor in determining their acceptance in the Australian community at large .
It has to be remembered that relocating oneself in a whole new world has its own set of issues .
It is faced by everyone who leaves his home country for whatever reason .
It is the same for an Australian or an American in India .
Within India itself , there is a different kind of racism prevailing altogether .
The country is divided into 4 different parts with each having its own culture .
The fact that prevails here is that how well one is accepted in his current place of stay is highly dependent on the part of the country where one belongs to .
Indians in India have learnt to live with racism .
So why term recent incidents in Australia as a massacre leading to an earthquake ?
What was wrong in approach followed by Australian authorities ?
Where the Australian Government went wrong in the recent times is its delayed acceptance attacks being racist in nature .
Had they done it immediately , the matter would not have gone as far as it has now .
They should have permitted processions but not by Indian students alone .
These processions should have been joined by both – Australians and Indians .
Also , it should have been lead by a prominent Australian Indian and / or popular Australians like some of the cricketers .
It is agreed that immediate redress and proactive measures need to be taken .
But to make these few incidents the very basis of the future relationship between the two countries that determine the immigration policies in Australia is too far reaching .
This requires a moderate approach and cool heads to think about .
Immediate steps that must be taken to improve the situation
A joint press conference should have been or could be addressed by the Indian and the Australian Government delegates .
The message given should have consisted of the following :
The Australians should be made to know that the Indian students are legally permitted to study and reside in their country .
Hence , they are entitled to the rights of a visa holder .
The Indians should be made to realise that they are in Australia for a purpose , which is to study and not to take part in processions .
They do not have the right to take the law into their own hands .
Also , such demonstrations and protests would only dent the image of the Indians and antagonize the Australians at large .
This way , the long term interests and common goals of both the countries would be hampered .
Long term solution
The Australian government needs to implement a student visa policy that is very particular about the profile of students permitted to enter Australia .
The government must appreciate that immigration policy permits these students to become residents and the future citizens of the country .
The greed of educational institutions and universities to earn from well paying Indians is overlooking the quality aspect .
Instead of selecting students as per the courses they have and the standards they wish them to meet , these institutions are doing the opposite .
They are creating courses and training programs that admit almost anyone with Basic English skills .
The result is there for all to see .
Such students , coming from rural backgrounds are mostly not able to relate to the Australian culture and its society and vice versa .
Majority of these students do not find a place in any standard educational institution within India .
The point is not that these students should not get an opportunity for higher education .
Instead , it is important that they are prepared to cope up with it .
Perhaps Australian educational institutes should have centres in India that conducts basic orientation ( not to be confused with one hour briefings etc. ) for such students before they are pushed into Australia .
The issue at large is the long term demographics and the character of the country ( Australia ) .
It should not be forgotten in short term view of increased foreign exchange earnings from overseas students industry .
Unfortunately , that is what is happening right now .
Hence , there is urgency for this to stop before it is too late .
At times , these attacks are also fuelled by the job insecurities of the Australians .
Public Relations campaigns need to be carried out in Australia to provide the correct picture to the Australians at large .
They need to be told that Indians and other international students contribute billions of dollars to the Australian economy every year .
They must be made aware that these students work part time as permitted by their visa rules and are not doing anything illegal .
They are to be informed that these students bring in millions of dollars through revenues when their parents , friends and relatives visit Australia .
They should be made to realise that India is a country that Australians need to be friendly with .
This friendship will have long terms gains that would go much beyond some part time jobs .
Thus , the Australian and the Indian governments , the Indian students and its community in Australia and within India and finally Australians ; must work together towards changing these perceptions .
For in that lies good for all .
Embedded video from CNN Video
In what , for the family of North Korea ’s “ Dear Leader , ” Kim Jong - il , is something close to a media blitz , a man believed to be Kim Jong - nam , the leader ’s eldest son , has appeared on two Japanese television stations in the past week to say that , really , he ’s fine with not being chosen to eventually succeed his father .
Given the reclusive nature of the regime in North Korea , and the erratic history of Kim Jong - nam himself — he last made headlines in 2001 with a failed attempt to visit Disneyland in Tokyo using a passport from the Dominican Republic —
The Lede will follow the BBC ’s lead in saying that the jovial , chuckling man in the two TV interviews , speaking English each time , is “ believed to be Kim Jong - nam . ”
Video of the first interview , conducted by a TV Tokyo reporter on the Chinese island of Macao , found its way to the BBC ’s Web site on Sunday .
In it , the man said that he had heard media reports of a decision by Kim Jong - il to pass over his first two sons and leave the prize , or chore , of one day leading the regime in Pyongyang to his third , Kim Jong - un .
Had he been informed directly of the decision ?
The man , who said that he had not spoken to his father in some time , replied that his relationship with the North Korean government was “ a very sensitive question , I can not answer . ”
As David Sanger , Mark Mazzetti and Choe Sang - hun reported last week in The New York Times : “ In recent weeks , North Korean diplomats abroad have been told to begin to pay homage to Kim Jong - un and some schoolchildren have reportedly been including his name in their songs . ”
On Tuesday , CNN broadcast a similar , shorter interview ( embedded above ) that was also shot in Macao , this time by a crew from TV Asahi .
In that one , the man claiming to be the 38 - year - old Kim Jong - nam stressed that he was just “ not interested ” in the question of who will rule North Korea after his father ’s death .
CNN reported on Tuesday that “ there has been speculation that Kim Jong - nam would defect from North Korea and that a purge of his supporters was under way . ”
But the man insisted in the TV Tokyo interview that he “ never defected from North Korea , ” that he still lives in North Korea and that he was merely visiting Macao .
According to a report in the Macau Daily Times on Monday , “ Jong -nam , who was born to a different mother than Jong - un ’s , apparently spoiled his leadership prospects after being deported from Japan in 2001 for trying to enter the country on a forged passport . ”
The New York Times article noted that the strange 2001 episode “ added to rumors that his judgment was less than reliable . ”
Young Earth Creationists ( YECs ) are an odd bunch .
They denounce and ignore mountains of scientific evidence in order to blindly believe just a single source , the Bible .
What ’s more , they take the Bible as a literal transcript of what happened .
So when the Bible says the universe was created in six days , they believe the universe was created in six days .
When the Bible says man was dropped onto earth in his current form , they believe that man was dropped to earth in his current form .
When the Bible says it ’s ok to beat slaves providing they can stand again within a couple of days , they believe it ’s ok to beat slaves providing they can stand again in a couple of days .
And most importantly , when the Bible says the Earth is only 6000 years old they believe the Earth is only 6000 years old .
To many , this position seems completely indefensible , yet they continue to not only believe this , but defend their position in books and on TV shows .
You ’ll often find that YECs focus on small details in an attempt to discredit the scientifically calculated age of the Earth ( ~ 4.5 Billion years ) and the age of the universe ( ~ 14 Billion years ) .
It ’s a fruitless pursuit however , as science does not , generally , rely on a single source .
Even when looking at radiometric dating , multiple methods and techniques are used and only when they agree is the calculation treated as true .
There is redundancy built into the calculations .
Of course , none of this really matter to YECs .
The margin of error is only matched by the level of their ignorance .
So to drive home the enormity of the mistake they are making , I wanted to highlight some of the things that happened , according to science , before they believe the Earth existed .
The purpose of this exercise is to point out how far off the mark YECs are .
There are many , many , many things we know existed before YECs claim the Earth had even been created .
It ’s important to note that the methods used to date many of these creations and events differ , so we ’re not relying on a single source ( although , admittedly , radiometric dating is heavily relied upon ) .
People
Fairly recent discoveries have suggested that humans , broadly as we exist now , have been around for at least 160,000 years .
No doubt we were inventing Gods and using them to oppress back then , just as we do now .
Domestication of Dogs
This is an example that ’s been used by Richard Dawkins previously .
Evidence ( fossils in Iraq ) tells us that dogs were first domesticated roughly 12,000 years ago , although one could make a case for it being a few thousand years prior to that date .
Of course , it ’s not just dogs .
Sheep , pigs , goats and cattle were all domesticated around 11,000 years ago and draught animals were domesticated as the world was being created , about 6,000 years ago .
Houses
Yes , we had built houses before there was ground to build houses on .
The earliest known human - made dwelling is approximately 12,000 years old and was made from Mammoth bones and hide .
It was discovered in the 1960s in the Ukraine .
Similarly to the domestication of animals , it ’s highly likely that there were human made dwellings prior to this point , but as such a specific set of circumstances were required to preserve the evidence , it ’s unlikely we ’ll find archaeological evidence for it .
Looking at more tangible evidence .
Recent excavations have shown that postholes were installed at the Stone Henge site around 10,000 years ago .
Language
Language is not quite as simple as saying it developed x number of years ago .
Language is difficult to define and can by pigeon - holed ( or should that be pidgin - holed ? ) into a number of categories ( Pidgin , Proto , Creole , Modern ) .
For the purpose of this article , let ’s think about the sort of language we are all familiar with .
Modern language is understood to have originated at least 50,000 years ago .
Other types of language are understood to have originated more in the region of 400,000 years ago .
Going hand - in - hand with language is writing , which dates back to about 1,000 years before the Earth was created by God .
Mathematics was beginning to be understood and utilized around this time as well .
Art
Yes , art .
Paintings in caves have been discovered in Europe that date to 32,000 years ago .
We also have cave paintings in Africa that date to approximately 20,000 years ago ( conservatively ) .
However , art is subjective ( not just the merit of a particular piece of art , but the definition itself ) , so you could make an argument for art dating back 75,000 years if you argue that drilled shells count as art .
Jewellery
As I mentioned above , a series of drilled snail ’s shells were found in a South African cave that date to 75,000 years old .
You could argue that these are art , or you could argue that they were a piece of jewellery .
At 75,000 years old , these shells do n’t qualify as the oldest known jewellery however .
That distinction goes to a set of shells that are 100,000 years old .
Clothing
As the Bible teaches us , man experienced shame in the Garden of Eden after eating the forbidden fruit .
This led to us requiring clothes to cover our shame .
Except for the fact that clothes had been around for about 25,000 years when God decided to drop Adam and Even into the Garden of Eden .
Cooking
Are you enjoying that tasty burger ?
Cooking utensils , hearths , ovens , flint and burnt animal remains have been dated back as far as 250,000 years .
The first controlled fires date back to around 400,000 years ago .
Farming
There ’s no point being able to cook without having some raw ingredients .
Thankfully , we can conservatively date the origin of farming to 10,000 years ago where we define farming as the cultivation of certain plants for eating .
There ’s some evidence for the farming of certain grains prior to that , but 10,000 years is a safe estimate .
War
Just so you do n’t think things were all happy and loving before God came along and created us , I need to point out that there was war before we existed .
Graves of Nubians ( from the Sudan area in Egypt ) dating back 12,000 years suggest two warring factions .
Dinosaurs
Just in case we forget about the Tyrannosaurus Rex in the room , we have evidence for dinosaurs existing 230 million years ago .
They had died out before God had created the earth for them to live on ( 65 million years ago ) .
I ’ve left dinosaurs until the end because of the abundance of evidence for their existence .
It just seems unthinkable that any sane , logical person could dismiss such a mountain of evidence and instead favour the word of a book that is , itself , full of inaccuracies , hate , bigotry and contradictions .
So …
As you can see , we achieved a lot before God created us , and there was an awful lot going on in the world before it was even a twinkle in God ’s eye .
I know that not all Christians choose to accept the Bible as a literal interpretation of events , but that begs the question of which bits of their holy book they will choose to ignore next .
The above list does n’t even scratch the surface of the pre-God earth , it ’s a shame that certain elements within our society want to diminish and compress our planet ’s history .
The SATA International Organization , the industry consortium governing Serial ATA interfaces , yesterday released a finalized version of the SATA 3.0 specification , which features 6.0 Gbps data transfers and a number of improved features while remaining completely backwards - compatible with existing drives , controllers , connectors , and cables .
While current hard disk drives can't saturate SATA 2.0's 3 Gbps data rate , SSDs can , and the new features are moderately compelling .
SATA launched in 2001 , and has been through one prior speed bump , from 1.5 Gbps to 3.0 Gbps .
The IDE - SATA transition and prior bump were both timed to give the industry about three years to adopt the new standard , making for a smooth transition , unlike , for instance , the 4GB file limit on FAT32 file systems , the 4GB memory limit on 32 - bit x86 operating systems , or the 640 k memory limit and extended / expanded memory misery of the 1980s .
This new transition is significantly more urgent than the others , because SSDs are already saturating SATA 2.0 .
The current new standard , when it ships in motherboards , RAID cards , and hard disks — probably early next year — will be urgently needed by SSDs , some of which have already resorted to double - ganging SATA channels , or even to PCIe links , to increase bandwidth .
The benefits of SATA 3.0 will make themselves felt immediately in the SSD market .
SATA 3.0 also brings some other features to the table , including :
An isochronous transfer mode ( precisely analogous to the USB Isochronous mode ) which uses NCQ to prioritize transfers for streaming applications like audio and video transmission
More NCQ management features
A pair of new connectors designed for 1.8 " hard drives ( which have been on the rise lately ) , and optical drives as thin as 7mm
SATA -IO also claims that SATA 3.0 controllers and devices will use less power than their predecessors , which may help adoption of SATA - based 1.8 " HDDs in PMPs like the iPod Classic , which still uses IDE .
The coming onslaught of new standards in motherboards , which will include USB 3.0 , Firewire 3200 , and SATA 3.0 , might give rise to some interesting behavior in the market for motherboards .
Standards transitions like this can sometimes make for shakeups in the motherboard market , like when VIA scored design wins on Intel by launching a Pentium 4 chipset with DDR memory in 2001 , putting them ahead ( temporarily at least ) in the chipset market .
As the transition to these new standards happens , the fine points of chipset comparisons may again hold interest , and the days when a $ 100 motherboard can power a high - end system may temporarily abate .
When the original standards were being drafted , SATA was slated to undergo at least two speed bumps , to 3.0 and 6.0 Gbps , as needed .
With the new 6 Gbps standard finalized , engineers from SATA - IO member companies will be investigating the potential of a seamless transition to higher speeds , possibly 12 Gbps , which was not explicitly planned in 2001 .
It 's possible they 'll succeed , but some interface engineers have expressed uncertainty , and even skepticism , that the transition will be managed .
In this event , a modified SATA interface , or even a completely new interface , will be needed when a new standard is implemented , some time around 2013 .
A flier posted in one shelter last week warned residents in bold , underlined type , “ Failure to make the required contributions could result in the loss of your family ’s temporary housing . ”
But advocates for the homeless said the new policy was punitive and counterproductive , and some shelter residents , in protest , have already refused to sign the documents acknowledging receipt of the rent notifications .
“ Families have been told to pay up or get out , ” said Steven Banks , the attorney in chief for the Legal Aid Society .
“ The policy is poorly conceived , but even more alarmingly , it ’s being poorly executed .
What is happening is that we have seen cases of families being unilaterally told , without any notice of how the rent was calculated , that they must pay certain amounts of rent or leave the shelter .
We ’ve already had a case of a survivor of domestic violence who was actually locked out of her room . ”
Mr. Hess acknowledged that if a family does not pay the required rent , it could be told to leave the shelter , but he noted that residents can contest the rent required through a state hearing .
Ms. Dacosta , for one , said she had spoken with her caseworker and demanded a hearing .
Martha Gonzalez , who is 49 and lives with her 19 - year - old son in a rundown shelter in Fort Greene , Brooklyn , said she was informed last week that she owes $ 1,099 in monthly rent on a $ 1,700 monthly income as a security guard in Midtown .
She said she planned to contest the rent demand in court .
City officials did not immediately respond to Ms. Gonzalez ’s assertion that her rent would exceed half of her income .
Patrick Markee , the senior policy analyst of the Coalition for the Homeless , called the policy “ impractical , ” arguing that most working people who live in homeless shelters earn low wages and would be better off saving for a place of their own .
“ It ’s going to make families stay in shelter longer because they ’ll have fewer financial resources , ” he said .
“ They are taking money from them that could otherwise be used to help themselves get out of the shelter system , ” agreed Arnold S. Cohen , the president and chief executive of the Partnership for the Homeless .
“ We ’re dealing with the poorest people , the people who are the most in need , and we ’re asking them to pay for a shelter of last resort .
As a city and a state that has a history of social and economic justice , I think we can do better than that . ”
Article Index Extending Firefox and Thunderbird Getting started Hello Toolbar Trying it out Debugging XPCOM
Page 1 of 6 Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird are an open source browser and email client respectively .
They offer an alternative to Internet Explorer and Outlook Express and , given that Microsoft has stated that no new versions of Outlook Express will be produced in the future , they are a combination that looks particularly attractive .
They are both free to download and use and they automatically migrate any existing Internet Explorer and Outlook Express settings and data .
From a programmer 's point of view they have even more to offer .
A standard layout engine " Gecko " is used in both applications and this allows you to customise and extend them .
Firefox uses a subset of " Gecko " called Chrome .
Once you understand the way that it works , it also provides a framework for building your own web or desktop applications - and it's all based on XML and JavaScript .
Best of all is that it is all " platform " independent and will work in the same way with Windows .
Linux or Mac .
This project creates a simple extension for Firefox but the same techniques work with Thunderbird and other Gecko - based applications .
The great idea
There are two major components to a Firefox extension : XUL , pronounced " zool " , which defines the user interface and XPCOM , a JavaScript API that provides access to the internal components .
Most accounts of how to get started building extensions focus almost exclusively on the XUL part of the team , perhaps because this is the more impressive .
However , to get anything done you need to know about XPCOM and the library of components it provides access to .
So here we will examine how both work .
If you know how ASP .NET or WPF work it might help to compare XUL with HTML or XAML and XPCOM with the .NET Framework classes .
XUL is an XML based markup language that extends HTML , or more accurately XHTML .
This has a huge and initially unexpected advantage in that it blurs the distinction between the data that the application is displaying and the application 's user interface .
For example , in Firefox you can access the HTML page being displayed from script via the DOM - Document Object Model .
What comes as something of a surprise is that you can also access the entire user interface - status bar , toolbar , menus etc - in exactly the same way .
This means that knowing how to use the DOM gives you access not only to the web page on display but the user interface of the entire application .
This seems even more surprising , but is no less true , for an apparently non-browser application like Thunderbird .
In this case the DOM includes all the emails on display , they are simply HTML documents , and the entire user interface .
Again , once you learn how to use the DOM in Firefox the same concepts and skills generalise to Thunderbird .
So , which soldiers are most vulnerable ?
According to the Homeland Security report , it would probably be those “ facing significant challenges reintegrating into their communities . ”
This could be a large group because far too many soldiers come back from war broken men .
According to a RAND study released on Friday , 300,000 veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan reported some sign of post - traumatic stress disorder or major depression .
It said that only about half of those will seek help and only half of those seeking it will receive “ minimally adequate ” treatment .
These soldiers could prove fertile ground for men hoping to prey on their fear , loneliness and dispossession .
And those extremist leaders may be able to connect more easily with some of these soldiers because many were soldiers themselves .
According to the F.B.I. report , “ although individuals with military backgrounds constitute a small percentage of white supremacist extremists , they frequently occupy leadership roles . ”
Because many know firsthand the value of military experience , they not only recruit those leaving the military , they send recruits into it .
According to Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center , “ Many white supremacists over the years have pushed their followers to join the military and enter either the special forces , where the training is judged to be the best in the world , or the infantry , where you will learn the skills necessary to fight the coming race war . ”
Psalm 14 says :
1 The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God .
They are corrupt , they have done abominable works , there is none that doeth good .
2 The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men , to see if there were any that did understand , and seek God .
3
They are all gone aside , they are all together become filthy : there is none that doeth good , no , not one .
4 Have all the workers of iniquity no knowledge ?
who eat up my people as they eat bread , and call not upon the LORD .
5 There were they in great fear : for God is in the generation of the righteous .
6 Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor , because the LORD is his refuge .
7Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion !
when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad
The Psalmist David asserts here that the godless individual is immoral … that without God the only possible product of our selves is corruption and greed .
If this were true I would assume that the religions associated with the Old Testament would never be seen with such scandal , yet they are often the most corrupt of people …of course I hate to use straw men so I wo n’t use the obvious lack of proof here or the fact that religion does not always equal morality … we ’ve been over that before anyway .
What I will do is use this passage as a study in why the Christian mindset is so often that people ouside of their own religious circle are all a bunch of filthy evil - doers .
As subjective as morality is , I have stated before that it is none the less basically the same for most of humanity … do n’t kill anyone unless you are protecting yourself , do n’t steal , be nice to people ( unless of course they are not nice to you ) … these things are fairly universal , religious and non-religious alike … the details ebb and flow but those basics are not changing too much ( although folks are getting better at adding stipulations and requirements … you know , its OK to kill someone if they MIGHT be a member of al - Qaida ) .
So the statement that the godless are corrupt is absolutely ridiculous , Atheists hold the same or a higher standard of morality than most , give or take a few bad apples .
I know it ’s the same with Christianity and Islam … despite the violence advocated in both the Bible and the Qu’ran .
My point here is that Psalms 14 , in making the claim that goodness depends on ones belief in god , is evidence enough for me that the Bible promotes closed minded assumption based on ones understanding of an ancient text rather than an experienced based understanding of your fellow man .
Psalms 14 is God ’s personal statement of disgust with the humanity he created , wherein he builds a strawman and procedes to burn him down with hate and anger .
It is also claimed that we godless men and women are foolish for our claim against God ’s existence .
Yet it is we that fight against the simplicity of assumption and fear - which is often the catalyst for “ faith ” rather than experience as well .
Not that experience makes something real or concrete …
God would n’t make belief so simple as providing proof for the skeptic — which only solidifies our ability to deny him .
If fools there be , it ai n’t we .
Worthless Money from the US to Zimbabwe
I had been getting ready for the release of the latest totals of how much credit the damned Federal Reserve had created in the last week , and I am afraid that I overdid it a little .
Prying open one bloodshot eye with a numbed finger , I looked at the number and saw that they had created another $ 29.4 billion in new credit last week !
Which was n’t all that much , in comparison to the records of new money they created in the last year !
I groaned aloud , and as my head fell forward and hit the bar , I was thinking that this $ 29.4 billion in new credit would be considered huge if Alan Greenspan ( horrid former chairman of the Federal Reserve that created the economic catastrophe that is unfolding ) had done it , and such outsized creations of new credit would have been horrifying , producing rioting in the streets , if any Federal Reserve chairman in all the rest of US history had done such a thing .
The bartender came over to see if I was passed out , and as he poked me and said , “ Hey ! Hey ! ” I looked up at him and said , “ But for Ben Bernanke and his outrageous excesses of creating new money so that the federal government can borrow and spend it , it is not that much !
Hahahaha !
Hell , this is the weenie that increased credit by over a trillion dollars in the last year alone !
Gaaahhh !
We are so freaking doomed ! ”
If you , too , are like me and have consumed a lot of various things so as to calm down enough so that your freaking brain does n’t explode at the Fed ’s astonishing , irresponsible government - lapdog excesses , then you are probably ready to know that , surprisingly , the monetary base abruptly contracted $ 46 billion , a hefty 2.6 % , in the last week or so , probably having something to do with the simultaneous $ 48 billion contraction in the recent $ 800 billion Federal Reserve addition to bank reserves , which may have something to do with the Fed buying up last week a whopping $ 42 billion in government and agency debt !
Last week !
Gaaahhh !
I notice that I am still using exclamation points to express my profound stupefaction that the damned Federal Reserve is creating so much money , which means that the value of the dollar will go down , and we are on the same path as the morons running Zimbabwe who , I guess you heard , finally created so much money – which created so much inflation in prices as the oversupply of new money completely diluted the existing stock of money – that the Zimbabwe dollar is now officially worthless .
Worthless !
So how does an economy keep on operating with no money ?
Well , the local poor - folks have been begging from foreign sources and furiously digging flakes of gold from the rivers , but the more well - heeled have adapted , and as Golf Digest reports , “ Despite hyperinflation , cholera and hugely unpopular President Robert Mugabe , golf survives in Zimbabwe .
At Bulawayo Golf Club ( founded in 1895 ) , members have been paying with gasoline because local banknotes are worthless . ”
And China will not be far behind us , as it looks like it is not only the Western world that has a plan to pound money into the system to benefit its friends and insiders , as Bloomberg.com cited Vice Premier Li Keqiang as saying that “ China will stick to its proactive fiscal policy and appropriately loose monetary policy , ” and that China “ will focus on boosting domestic demand , particularly individual consumption , to fuel economic growth . ”
And they have plenty of money to spend , although most of it is in US dollars , and it is reported that the Chinese have about $ 780 billion in US bonds , and another $ 700 billion or so in other dollar - denominated assets .
Their problem , perhaps giving impetus to the Chinese decision to flood their own economy with money so as to “ stimulate ” demand , is , as Bill Bonner here at The Daily Reckoning writes , “ that China has lost more than $ 200 billion so far this year , thanks to the fall of the dollar and US Treasury bonds . ”
I ’ll leave it to you to figure out how such increased demand by one - third of the world ’s population coupled with world - wide , pandemic “ quantitative easing ” flooding of economies with money and government debt leads to inflation in prices and what that all has to do with buying gold , silver and oil Right Freaking Now ( RFN ) , but when you do , I am sure that you will think , “ Whee !
This investing stuff is easy ! ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Computer chipmaker Intel has been fined a record 1.06 bn euros ( $ 1.45 bn ; £ 948 m ) by the European Commission for anti-competitive practices .
It dwarfs the 497 m euro fine levied on Microsoft in 2004 for abusing its dominant market position .
The Commission found that between 2002 and 2007 , Intel had paid manufacturers and a retailer to favour its chips over those of Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) .
Intel has announced that it will appeal against the verdict .
Intel 's senior vice president Bruce Sewell told BBC Five Live that Intel contested the findings and was seeking a chance to " clear our name and exonerate the company . "
He denied " categorically " that it had paid manufacturers to favour its products over those of rivals .
" We would never pay for any kind of obligation , " Mr Sewell said .
" We provide incentives to customers to buy our products . "
He added that there had been no harm to customers and that prices in the microprocessor market had fallen sharply in recent years .
The fine was welcomed by AMD , which had lodged complaints in 2000 , 2003 and 2006 .
" The EU decision will shift the power from an abusive monopolist to computer makers , retailers and above all PC consumers , " said Giuliano Meroni , AMD 's European president .
' Sustained violation '
The Commission said that personal computer makers Acer , Dell , HP , Lenovo and NEC had all been given hidden rebates if they only used Intel chips .
It is a major decision that shows the Commission is serious about curtailing abusive behaviour of dominant companies
David Anderson , lawyer , Berwin Leighton Paisner .
Will Intel change its ways ?
It also found that Media Saturn , which owns Europe 's biggest consumer electronics retailer Media Markt , had been given money so that it would only sell computers containing Intel chips .
" Intel has harmed millions of European consumers by deliberately acting to keep competitors out of the market for computer chips for many years , " said Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes .
" Such a serious and sustained violation of the EU 's antitrust rules cannot be tolerated . "
A Commission spokesman said there was no question of action being taken against the firms who accepted the rebates .
" They were not the ones abusing their dominant position in the market , " he added .
Last year , Intel made 80.5 % of all the microprocessors in PCs , while AMD made 12 % .
' Wall of resistance '
The Commission has also ordered Intel " to cease the illegal practices immediately to the extent that they are still ongoing " .
In addition to providing rebates to manufacturers that bought almost entirely Intel products , the Commission found that the chipmaker had paid them to postpone or cancel the launch of specific products based on AMD chips .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Ms Kroes joked in her own news conference that Intel would now have to change its latest advertising slogan from " sponsors of tomorrow " to " the sponsor of the European taxpayer " .
Both Intel and AMD are based in California .
Intel has 83,900 staff worldwide and has a market value of $ 85.4bn .
AMD employs about 11,000 people and has a market value of $ 2.6bn .
" Despite its strong defence , Intel is facing a wall of regulatory resistance to its business practices around the world , with antitrust infringement decisions against it now in Japan , Korea , and the EU , while the US authorities are investigating Intel as well , " said David Anderson , a lawyer at Berwin Leighton Paisner .
" It is a major decision that shows the Commission is serious about curtailing abusive behaviour of dominant companies , especially in the high - tech sector . "
Technology analysts Gartner said the decision was unlikely to have any significant impact on market conditions .
" The Intel - AMD market share is likely to remain roughly aligned with manufacturing capacity , adjusted for technology capabilities , " said Gartner managing vice - president Martin Reynolds .
" Intel will pay its fine and carefully inspect its sales relationships to protect against risky influence .
AMD does not receive any money from the fine , which accrues to the EU tax budget .
And Intel 's greatest challenge will remain market growth , not market share . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If Microsoft can actually deliver on its promise to offer 1080 p video streaming on the Xbox 360's new Zune video marketplace by this fall , it will be a heck of a coup .
First , the caveats .
Microsoft says you will need a broadband connection of at least 8 megabits per second in order to get 1080 p streaming .
Given that the average broadband download speed in the U.S. right now is just 3.9 megabits per second , most Xbox 360 users will not be able to use this service .
Second , even if your connection does qualify ( thank you , Fios ! ) , the experience might be a bit uneven , as Microsoft says that , in order to stream these movies and shows instantly , " Video playback will start at a low bit rate for fast download time and then ramp up to a higher bitrate and quality . "
Third , resolution is n't the only determinant of image quality , and you can bet that 1080 p Blu-ray disks will still be capable of delivering somewhat better picture quality than this 1080 p streaming service .
But , even so , this is a big , bold move , and I 'm eager to see what the final product looks like .
___
( c ) 2009 , The Dallas Morning News .
Visit The Dallas Morning News on the World Wide Web at www.dallasnews.com/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Explore further Hitachi Develops Streaming - Optimized Storage Appliance
15 Year Old Invents Complete Algae Energy System
June 9th , 2009 by Derek Markham
15 year old Javier Fernández - Han invented a truly innovative solution to meeting the basic needs of many of the world ’s poor , and won Ashoka ’s Invent Your World Challenge with his algae energy system , called VERSATILE .
His holistic approach uses an efficient , modular system to meet multiple needs .
“ An invention that is narrowly focused on solving a single problem often inadvertently creates more problems because nature is highly complex and interconnected . ” – Javier Fernandez - Han
Javier ’s system is made up of 12 technologies in six subsystems , which can treat waste , produce methane and bio-fuel , and is a source of livestock and human food production .
If that is n’t enough , it also produces oxygen and sequesters greenhouse gases , and can also be a source of income .
The basis of Javier ’s system is salt - water loving algae , and the beauty of VERSATILE is the interconnectedness .
The efficiency comes in part from the ability to take waste from one part and use it for nourishment for another , and the modular nature of VERSATILE allows customization to meet individual needs .
The VERSATILE subsystems are :
An anaerobic digester , converting sewage and food scraps
A bio -gas upgrader , turning the gases from the digester into nourishment for the algae , as well as producing fuel
Vented methane burning stoves , a non-polluting and CO2 capturing device
Algae bioreactors producing algae biomass and oxygen from sunlight , saltwater , and CO2 , and using nutrients from the digester
Flush latrines
The PlayPump , which uses the energy of children playing to power the system as well as other devices
The benefits of the VERSATILE energy system include better health for villagers due to cleaner burning methane stoves , less deforestation due to wood scavenging for fuel , possible income from the sale of algae biomass for pharmaceutical or nutraceutical products , easier livestock production because of more availability of feed , LED lighting powered by electricity generation from the PlayPump , and a source of fuel for machinery ( from algae oil ) .
[ social_buttons ]
Javier says that the system can be scaled up to provide for populations of 200,000 or more people , or scaled down for small populations .
He is currently working to develop a family - sized system that could fit in a small house , with a cost estimated at $ 300 .
Ashoka ’s Youth Venture program promotes and invests in teams of young people around the world designing and launching their own lasting social ventures .
The program enables youth to have the transformative experience of leading positive social change .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/2bMPRluEUI0&hl=en&fs=1&]
[ Via Change.org ]
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Veteran character actor Bernard Cribbins will return to Doctor Who in David Tennant ’s final two - part adventure on BBC One at Christmas .
Bernard was last seen waving off the TARDIS as Wilf Mott , the grandfather of Donna Noble ( Catherine Tate ) , at the end of the fourth series in 2008 .
“ It ’s one of the greatest delights of my career to welcome Bernard Cribbins back on set , this time as a fully fledged companion to the Doctor , ” executive producer Russell T Davies told Doctor Who Magazine .
“ And if Wilf ’s back , then the Noble family are n’t far behind !
David Tennant ’s finale also sees the return of Catherine Tate as Donna Noble because there are a lot more twists and turns with Donna ’s story . ”
Russell goes on to explain how he had a quiet word with Catherine about his plans for Donna at the series four wrap party , and she told him she ’d do anything to keep her schedule clear .
“ You might be wondering how Donna can return , since her mind is supposed to burn up if she ever remembers anything about her life with the Doctor ? ” teases Russell .
“ Sorry , but you ’ll have to wait until Christmas to find out ! ”
Keep up to date with Doctor Who .
Subscribe to TV&Satellite Week
As part of my compiler project , one of my imminent decisions is what object model to use , and sine I like Ruby it seemed a good time to go through Ruby and look at the guts of the Ruby object model .
If you 've dabbled in meta - programming etc. for Ruby this post probably does n't contain much new stuff for you .
If you 're a beginner you may want to look at a tutorial instead .
If you 're somewhere in between , hopefully there may be some insights here and there - especially if you 're interested specifically in how things work " under the hood " rather than just what is visible to Ruby .
The information in this post is based largely on the Ruby 1.8.x interpreter ( you 'll see it referred to as MRI as well - Matz Ruby interpreter - to distinguish it from other Ruby implementations ) , and we 'll look at code fragments , as well as a diagram or two to illustrate .
Suggested reading
The Ruby object model can make you go insane .
_why has a great article that illuminates the particular hairy beast that is meta classes
Ruby Objects
Conceptually , Ruby objects consists of the following :
A reference to the objects immediate class - the MRI interpreter stores this in a field named " klass " and you may see the term " klass " show up in Ruby - land a lot for that reason .
For an object that has an meta-class this is a pointer to the meta-class
is a pointer to the meta - class A hash table of instance variables
A set of flags ( taint etc . )
MRI " cheats " in that objects of the built - in classes Class , Float , Bignum , Struct , String , Array , Regexp , Hash and File are not real Ruby objects :
They do n't have the hash table of instance variables .
Instead they have a fixed structure .
You can still set instance variables for these objects , but behind the scenes MRI 1.8.x at least will then create an instance variable hash table and store that hash table in a hash mapping from the object .
This saves a little bit of space if ( as is usually the case ) most objects of these built in classes do n't have instance variables besides the " hardcoded " ones - for small objects like Float in particular this can be a significant saving .
( The following is updated per comment from Rick DeNatale below : )
For some other classes , there 's not even a pointer .
MRI takes advantage of the fact that there are certain values the object pointer wo n't take .
When MRI determines the class of an " object " it follows the following procedure :
If the least significant bit ( bit 0 ) is set to 1 , the object is a Fixnum .
This works since the object pointer will point to an address that 's aligned in memory , and so never will have bit 0 set .
If the value matches 0 , it 's class is FalseClass , 2 = TrueClass , 4 = NilClass , 6 = undefined .
If the lowest byte of the value matches 0x0e , it 's a Symbol , and the Symbol is determined from the top 3 bytes .
Ruby Classes
" Real " classes .
Meta-classes or " eigenclasses " as they are often called .
MRI also refers to them as " virtual " classes .
This use of part of the value to indicate type is often called a " type tag " - some language environments will use more bits or more complicated schemes to avoid having to allocate full objects .
There are two types of Ruby classes : A meta-class is for all practical purposes an actual class .
It is an object of type Class .
The only thing " special " about a meta - class is that it is created as needed and inserted in the inheritance chain before the objects " real " class .
So inside the MRI interpreter object -> klass can refer to a meta-class , that has a pointer named " super " that refers to the next class in the chain .
When you call object.class in MRI , the interpreter actually " skips " over the meta-class ( and modules ) if it 's there .
The diagram below shows the actual inheritance of Object , Module and Class in MRI as visible from C .
If this does n't make sense to you , read the section on #send below , but particularly keep in mind that :
Classes are objects .
So they are also instances of another class .
A class object is NOT an instance of it 's superclass .
[ some class object ] .
class denotes " instance of " , [ some class object ] .
superclass denotes " inherits from " .
To find out which method implementation is called for any object , you go " out and up " .
That is , you find the objects " klass " , and then follow the " super " chain up until you find a matching method .
This gets confusing for classes because they are also objects :
You do NOT follow super for the first step for classes - they behave exactly like objects .
In the diagram below , " normal " classes are green , and meta - classes are blue .
The dashed lines represent " instance off " ( the " klass " pointer ) , and the solid lines represent " inherits " ( the " super " method ) :
So , for example , when sending a message to the object Class , you step out , to the meta class " Class " ( in blue ) , and look for it there , if you do n't find it , you follow the solid arrows until you do .
This in turn will get you : the Module meta class , the Object meta class , Class , Module , Object , Kernel ( since classes in Ruby are open , you might also find someone has reopened the class and caused additional modules etc. to get inserted into the inheritance chain ) .
Because Ruby 's #class method skips metaclasses , you will get " Class " returned if you do Class.
class - it 's following the same chain as above , but skipping the blue boxes ( and any included Module 's )
To explore the class / metaclass inheritance in Ruby , you can use this minimal extension to see what values MRI actually operates on :
#include " ruby.h " VALUE real_super ( VALUE self ) { return RCLASS ( self ) -> super ; } VALUE real_klass ( VALUE self ) { return RBASIC ( self ) -> klass ; } void Init_inheritance ( ) { rb_define_method ( rb_cClass , " real_super " , real_super , 0 ) ; rb_define_method ( rb_cClass , " real_klass " , real_klass , 0 ) ; }
Put the above in " inheritance.c " and create extconf.rb :
require ' mkmf ' extension_name = ' inheritance ' dir_config ( extension_name ) create_makefile ( extension_name )
To use it do " ruby extconf.rb ; make " , and then :
p Object .
real_klass p Object .
real_super
Conceptually a Class object consist of :
A reference to the objects immediate class ( as for a " real " Ruby object ) - this would normally be the class " Class "
A set of flags ( taint etc . )
A hash table of instance variables ( for the class )
A hash table of methods
A reference to the superclass , i.e. the class this class has inherited from .
Ruby Modules
Taint , Frozen and other flags
A Ruby Module is an object that acts as a placeholder for methods and constants .
Module is actually the superclass of Class .
The main distinction is that you can't create instances of a module , but you can ( obviously ) create instances of a class .
Internally in MRI the structure of a Module and Class objects is the same .
MRI defines the following flags for an object :
Singleton
Mark
Finalize
Taint
Exivar
Freeze
A number of " user " flags .
" Singleton " is set on objects of type Class that are meta-classes .
Mark and Finalize are used by the garbage collector .
" Taint " is used for the " taint mode " - depending on the security level , some objects may be marked as " tainted " and thus unsafe , and certain operations may be disallowed .
" Exivar " is used for objects of the " fake " builtin classes to indicate that this instance has an external instance variable hash table that must be looked up elsewhere .
" Freeze " prevents an object from being modified .
Of these , only Singleton , Taint and Freeze represent behavior that are " observable " from inside Ruby , as opposed to when delving under the hood of MRI .
Send
Identify the class to start at .
" Objects " of class Fixnum are treated specially since they 're not actually objects at all .
nil , true and false are also special cased .
For other objects this means grabbing the " klass " pointer .
The method cache is checked , to avoid complex lookups of the method on repeated calls .
If not in the method cache , the method is searched for .
This is done by lookup up the method in the " klass " , and if not found replace " klass " with " klass -> super " and try again , until the top of the inheritance chain is found ( in which case the method does n't exist ) .
The result is put in the cache .
If the method is not found , method_missing is called in roughly the same way .
private / protected access checks are carried out
Access checks are done in case the safe level is set to trigger exceptions for unsafe operations .
The arguments are prepared
A " stack frame " is prepared - MRI maintains it's own " Ruby stack "
If the method is a C function various special setup is done .
If the method is an attribute getter / setter ( attr_accessor / attr_read / attr_write ) , the appropriate built in MRI functions are called rather than executing a method body .
Same with methods consisting of " super "
The method is finally called .
Send is perhaps the most vital concept in the Ruby object model beyond classes and objects .
Almost all actions in Ruby at least conceptually boils down to sending a message to an object .
Send operates roughly like this ( lots of details omitted ) :
This makes MRI method calls extremely expensive .
The method cache alleviates some of it , but the remaining work still has a huge cost compared to C++ for example , where the worst case runtime overhead is a virtual method in a multiple - inherited class , which consists of an indirect pointer lookup and a call to a " thunk " function that fixes up the object pointer ( a couple of instructions at most ) so the method can access the right data , and jumps to the real method , and the typical cost is an indirect pointer lookup and a call instruction .
Some of this overhead is avoidable in a more streamlined implementation , but quite a bit of it is extremely hard or impossible to get rid of within the required semantics of Ruby .
method_missing
In MRI , relying on method_missing is even more expensive than #send , as the method first needs to be looked up and then method_missing itself causes another looup , but the method cache makes it a reasonable choice for dynamically " adding " methods to objects as " send " is short - circuited early in loops etc. , so after the first call the cost is fairly low .
A brief benchmarks surprisingly shows that defining a new method using # define_method is actually slower than relying on method_missing .
Here 's the benchmark :
#!/bin/env ruby require ' benchmark ' class
Foo def test1 end def method_missing sym if sym == : test2 end end end Foo .
class_eval do define_method : test3 do end end n = 1000000 f = Foo .
new Benchmark . bmbm ( 20 ) do | x | x . report ( " test1 " ) { n . times { f . test1 } } x . report ( " test2 ( method_missing ) " ) { n . times { f . test2 } } x . report ( " test3 ( define method ) " ) { n . times { f . test3 } } end
And here are the results from one of my machines :
Wikipedia : Fully Printed
5000 pages , all of Wikipedia 's featured articles .
By Rob Matthews .
As Matthews writes , " Reproducing Wikipedia in a dysfunctional physical form helps to question its use as an internet resource . "
Feature trailer for 9 .
Student Academy Award winner Shane Acker directs the animated fantasy epic 9 , a feature - length expansion of his short film of the same name .
Produced by Tim Burton , Timur Bekmambetov , and Jim Lemley , the surreal tale takes place in a world parallel to our own , a post - apocalyptic fantasy in which a band of courageous rag dolls battles for the survival of civilization .
Duration
2 min 30 sec
Views
459,051
Posted On
May 19 , 2009 Director
Shane Acker
Writer
Shane Acker
Studio
Focus Features
Release
September 9 , 2009 Cast
Christopher Plummer
Martin Landau
Wendy Reid
John C. Reilly
Crispin Glover Trailer Tracks
" Welcome Home "
Coheed and Cambria
" Welcome Home " Focus Features
Action
CG Animation
Remake
Elijah Wood
Jennifer Connelly
Christopher Plummer
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Who in the George W. Bush White House tried to shred a memo challenging the use of torture ?
On April 21 , Philip Zelikow , who was counselor to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during the Bush administration , revealed on Foreign Policy ‘s “ Shadow Government ” blog that he wrote a memo in 2005 disputing the conclusions of Bush Justice Department lawyers that torture was legal .
The existence of such a memo was a surprise .
But Zelikow also disclosed that the “ White House attempted to collect and destroy all copies of my memo . ”
This story is not over .
Zelikow tells Mother Jones that he does n’t know for sure who in the White House ordered the suppression of his memo , but he says that his “ supposition at the time ” was that the office of Vice President Dick Cheney was behind the cover - up .
In an email exchange with Mother Jones , Zelikow notes that Cheney ’s office did not have the authority to request that his memo be deep - sixed : “ They did n’t run the interagency process .
Such a request would more likely have come from the White House Counsel ’s office or from NSC staff . ”
But that request did not reach him in written form .
“ It was conveyed to me , and I ignored it , ” Zelikow recalls .
But he suspected that Team Cheney was probably behind it .
Zelikow , who is scheduled to testify before a Senate judiciary subcommittee on Tuesday Wednesday , also notes that his memo was not the only one raising questions about the administration ’s legal rationale supporting so - called “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” :
“ There were a number of papers , mainly arguing for alternative legal frameworks . ”
But his memo , he adds , was “ a more direct assault on [ the Bush Justice Department ’s ] own interpretation of American law . ”
( UPDATE : The Senate judiciary subcommittee just formally announced the testimony , which will be on Wednesday , not Tuesday , as earlier reports had indicated . )
Congressional Democrats are already seeking any surviving copies of Zelikow ’s memo .
They might now also want to request these other papers .
( No such documents have been declassified or released so far . )
Cheney ’s office was reportedly the hub of the Bush administration ’s torture program .
And Neil Kinkopf , a law professor at Georgia State University , who served in the Clinton administration ’s Office of Legal Counsel , notes , “ People in the White House — Dick Cheney for example ; David Addington , his legal adviser — did n’t want the existence of dissent to be known .
It ’s not hard to imagine David Addington playing very hardball internal politics and not only wanting to prevail over the view of Zelikow but to annihilate it .
It would be perfectly consistent with how he operated . ”
Zelikow , who ran the 9/11 Commission before joining the State Department , wrote in his original blog post that he believed the administration had failed to erase the evidence of his dissent : “ I expect that one or two [ copies of the memo ] are still at least in the State Department ’s archives . ”
And four top congressional Democrats on Monday wrote Secretary of State Hillary Clinton [ PDF ] and Adrienne Thomas , the acting national archivist [ PDF ] , requesting surviving copies of the Zelikow memo .
In their letter to Clinton , the Democrats — Reps .
John Conyers , Howard Berman , Jerry Nadler , and Bill Delahunt — ask for a search of the archives that Zelikow believes may contain his memo .
But the Dems ’ letter to the archivist requests more .
In that letter , Conyers and the others request the Zelikow memo along with “ [ c] opies of any ‘ documentary materials ' ” that “ mention or refer to ” the Zelikow memorandum or “ are related to or reflect any effort by an official of the Bush Administration to collect , destroy , or impede the preservation or retention of this memorandum . ”
In other words , they are looking for evidence of who attempted to bury Zelikow ’s opposing view .
This could even have legal implications .
Federal law — including the Presidential Records Act — requires that the White House adhere to strict record - keeping standards .
If a White House official tried to disappear an inconvenient memo , he or she might have committed a crime .
Concerning the Presidential Records Act , the Bush administration never was a stickler .
If millions of emails can disappear , what ’s one memo ?
The Dems want to get Zelikow ’s allegations of a cover - up on the record and under oath , and they will .
In his email to Mother Jones , Zelikow says that when he testifies next week he plans to “ go through a brief chronology of the various arguments for changing the administration position . ”
But since Zelikow does n’t appear to know who attempted to smother his memo , congressional Democrats may have to do some legwork — which could include questioning various Bush White House officials — to solve this latest Bush - era mystery .
During his twenty years on television , Homer Simpson has pursued some interesting business endeavors .
But most famously he has made a name for himself as a hapless , but big - hearted , man who always seems to stumble through life by a combination of good luck and compassion from others .
And there is another humanistic quality that he always seems to illustrate : a child - like naivety that expresses his good - nature and his undying love for his family .
Unfortunately for many , these qualities are not enough to get by in the world – especially during these tumultuous economic times ( Note : we are also not cartoons ) .
If we look at The Simpsons , and its main character , we can find some economic guidance – if only by accident .
In most cases , practical lessons can be derived from Homer , in the form of ‘ what not to do ’ :
source
On the Stock Market :
“ Buy low and sell high ; that ’s my motto ” .
Sounds easy right ?
Well , if this were the case , someone as simple as Homer would be able to navigate during the precarious times .
But it goes without saying that he has sometimes failed to execute .
During one episode , Homer exclaimed ( in regards to his involvement in the Pumpkin business ) :
“ This year I invested in pumpkins .
They ’ve been going up the whole month of October and I got a feeling they ’re going to peak right around January .
Then bang !
That ’s when I ’ll cash in . ”
Obviously , the humor in this situation is apparent , but the message it conveys could not be more timely : study the market as best as you can ; take into consideration the associated aspects of the companies and commodities you invest in ; and do n’t look at the market like a get - rich - quick scheme .
Simple enough , right ?
Incentive Based Employment
“ Son , if you do n’t like your job , you do n’t strike , you just go in there every day and do it really half - assed .
That ’s the American way . ”
“ Son , if you really want something in this life , you have to work for it .
Now quiet !
They ’re about to announce the lottery numbers . ”
Unemployment rates are the highest they ’ve been in decades and it seems that employee productivity is more closely scrutinized than ever .
Many people point to American industry ( automotive , specifically ) as less competitive and innovative than foreign companies .
This , coupled with an overall lackadaisical approach to productivity has been pointed out as a major contributor to the poor state of the American Economy .
In the Episode “ You Only Move Twice ” , Homer is recruited by a ‘ Mr. Scorpio ’ , a nice man that is the head of a secret organization consumed with world domination .
Unknowingly , Homer helps Scorpio build a nuclear reactor that is used to power the latter ’s weapons arsenal .
From this episode we have this little gem :
“ Mr Scorpio says productivity is up two percent , and it ’s all because of my motivational techniques .
Like , donuts .
And a possibility of more donuts to come . ”
In today ’s economy , the employment marketplace is extremely competitive .
Individuals are less likely to compare prospective employers based on incentives , but rather continued employment has itself become the incentive to hard work .
Enterprise
“ All my life I ’ve had one dream , to achieve my many goals . ”
“ If something ’s hard to do , then it ’s not worth doing . ”
It ’s no secret that a lot of wealth is created during a recession .
The winners are those enterprising individuals who take calculated risks , work hard , and stay focused .
Consequently , they succeed while those around them fail or struggle to stay afloat .
These are those times .
Homer , according to his above sentiment , would fail – flat on his face .
But when you least expect it , from the vault of ‘ Homer Genius ’ comes this :
“ All right , let ’s not panic .
I ’ll make the money by selling one of my livers .
I can get by with one . ”
Sacrifice : an important virtue in enterprise and in personal finances .
Much of the literature that has been created on finance in the last year has stressed cutting out unnecessary spending .
Of course , this might be a stretch , but Homer shows that sometimes personal sacrifices are warranted , especially when the well - being of one ’s family is at stake .
Even , if we only have one liver .
( Note : Mint does not , under any circumstances , endorse the selling of vital or semi-vital organs ) .
Business and Personal Ethics
“ Marge , do n’t discourage the boy !
Weaseling out of things is important to learn .
It ’s what separates us from the animals !
Except the weasel . ”
This first quote would be less funny if Homer were able to weasel out of anything .
The bottom line , however , at the marketplace or in your personal finances , is to live up to your responsibilities .
This will help to curtail any need to weasel out of dodgy situations , ie : collections , bankruptcy loop - holes , foreclosures , et al .
“ Oh no !
What have I done ?
I smashed open my little boy ’s piggy bank , and for what ?
A few measly cents , not even enough to buy one beer .
Wait a minute , lemme count and make sure … not even close ! ” ”
Homer ’s curve is less than steep .
There must be an easier solution !
Perhaps it requires thinking to oneself , “ What would Homer do ? ”
Then , do the polar opposite .
Understanding Cash - flow
Homer : “ Look at this Marge , $ 58 and all of it profit .
I ’m the smartest businessman in the world . ”
Marge : “ Its food bill today was $ 300 ”
Homer : “ Marge , please , do n’t humiliate me in front of the money ”
Many will remember this episode as the one where the Simpsons have a elephant living in their backyard , and with which Homer has the less - than - brilliant idea to sell elephant rides at $ 2 .
After only one day , Marge wisely pointed out that the food bill for the elephant was $ 300 – more than the day ’s total revenue .
After realizing this , Homer upped the price to $ 500 / per ride .
Consequently , his customers decided to go elsewhere .
Economics 101 : If a company continues to lose money , it will eventually go out of business .
Marge ’s explanation of the cost of food was enough to pull the plug on this business ( that likely did not have a business plan anyway ) .
This principle can be applied to an individual ’s finances – if you spend more than you make , you ’ll eventually be in debt .
The longer you keep spending , the more you ’ll be in debt .
Innovation , Marketing and Adapting to a Changing Marketplace
“ Oh they have Internet on computers now ? ”
Part of staying relevant , is staying on par with the development and adoption of new technology .
For many businesses in the last decade , this has included developing an online portal through which goods and services may be purchased .
For others , it may simply offer information and a way to contact businesses .
In today ’s world , this may mean an immersion to sites like Twitter , where individuals can interact with businesses and each other in new and unconventional ways .
“ How is education supposed to make me feel smarter ?
Besides , every time I learn something new , it pushes some old stuff out of my brain .
Remember when I took that home winemaking course , and I forgot how to drive ? ”
With learning new technology comes learning new skills .
They may be one and the same , but in all circumstances , businesses , as well as their employees , continually need to evolve .
For the former this may be necessary for growth ; for the latter this is necessary to remain employed .
The fact of the matter is that individuals across the board ought to always be on the lookout for ways to make themselves more competitive than others through their skill set .
For prospective workers , an employer will likely be interested in hiring someone who can take on multiple responsibilities and is well - rounded .
Financial Solvency and Living Below Your Means
If not at home , the Simpson patriarch can often be found at Moe ’s Tavern , drinking with his buddies .
In fact , it seems that Homer is at the pub daily or almost daily .
This begs the question : “ Is this affordable for the head of a single - income family with four dependents ? ”
Of course the more Homer blows as a percentage of of his paychecks on Duff , the less he would have to spend on necessities for the family , such as : housing , food , clothing , a retirement fund , insurance and so forth .
This is not rocket science , but if this type of behavior became the norm , frustrating intra-marital discussions ( intervention ) would likely be inevitable .
Homer is unabashedly blue collar , and does not likely have the means to a life he is illustrated to be living .
“ Bart , with $ 10,000 , we ’d be millionaires . ”
Obviously not knowing the value of money can set oneself up for financial insolvency .
Of course , this is not surprising to hear from the man who drinks daily , finds donuts rewarding , and steals from his own children ’s ’ piggy banks …
Debt Management
In a recent and timely episode , titled , ‘ No Loan Again ’ , the Simpsons are facing foreclosure .
Not surprisingly , Homer ’s understanding of a Home Equity Line of Credit is far from comprehensive , and is the primary source of his financial woes :
“ It ’s a secret thing called a home equity loan .
I get all this cash … and the house gets stuck with the bills ! ”
And , later when discussing the foreclosure with his mortgage broker :
“ When you gave me that money , you said I would n’t have to repay it ’til the future .
This is n’t the future .
It ’s the lousy , stinking now ! ”
All good things come to an end .
And Homer ’s feelings are not uncommon , especially with the credit and real estate markets where they are at .
While it may be too late for others , this illustration of mindless spending can serve as a reminder , that debt does not magically go away , and tomorrow will one day come – as will the debt collectors .
Source
Homer Economicus : Using The Simpsons to Teach Economics ” Joshua Hall , WVU , Journal of Private Enterprise .
165-177 . April 2005
Related
Last year , New York City had a 35 per cent increase in commuter cycling .
Much of that increase was attributable to New York City ’s Department of Transportation ( NYCDOT ) , which has been experimenting with innovative bicycle facilities based on European models .
In the last three years , they ’ve added 200 new miles of bike lanes , giving New York City 600 miles of bike lanes , paths and trails .
The expansion allowed the city to tie the existing network together .
Previously , the 400 miles of bike lanes were n’t linked , so the NYCDOT focused on making connections , thereby integrating the network .
In the process , the NYCDOT was able to design 200 miles of streets for cyclists , drivers , buses and pedestrians .
In the U.S. , design guidance comes from the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices ( MUTCD ) .
Unfortunately , the Manual is limited when it comes to bicycle facilities , only providing simple configurations often consisting of two striped roadways on the street .
“ There are different kinds of streets and the design guidelines do n’t give you any help , ” said Joshua Benson , Acting Director of Bicycle & Pedestrian Programs for the NYCDOT at the Toronto Bike Summit last Thursday in Toronto organized by the Toronto Coalition for Active Transportation .
“ In Manhattan , where there are a lot of one way streets with five or six lanes of intense traffic levels , it ’s not possible to bike safely with a striped roadway , especially with high demand for curbside access for deliveries , loading and parking . ”
To deal with unique situations , the NYCDOT borrowed designs from other cities in the U.S. and around the world .
They created buffered bike lanes ( which are perceived as being safer than conventional lanes ) that separated cyclists from motor vehicle traffic , constructed shared lanes and bike boxes , also known as advance stop lines allowing cyclists to get in front of cars so they can make turns without getting run over .
In New York City , on - street bike paths , green coloured bike lanes that make paths more visible to motorists , and wider parking lanes were established to make cycling more enjoyable and safer for commuters .
Creating a 5 foot bike lane - with a 3 foot buffer - in between a 9 foot parking lane and an 11 foot moving lane keeps cyclists from getting “ doored ” by drivers getting out of their parked cars , while ensuring a safe distance between bikes and moving cars .
The safety of the new bike lanes is attracting a lot of new cyclists while dramatically reducing the amount of sidewalk cycling .
Nine out of ten NYC cyclist fatalities and eight out of ten serious injuries occur in intersections .
But new left - turn bays and intersection markings have reduced cycling accidents by telling cyclists where they should be as they proceed through an intersection as well as alerting motorists when a cyclist will be making a left - turn or advancing through a crossway .
Even with these changes , Benson said the demand for more robust bike lanes ( especially in Manhattan ) continues to increase due to enforcement problems , typically intrusions into bike lanes by delivery vehicles , pedestrians , jaywalkers , vendors or trash for pick - up , forcing cyclists to weave into a traffic lane .
In Copenhagen , bike lanes are raised up three or four inches from the roadway to help prevent intrusion .
Benson said the new , unfamiliar road configurations “ kind of freaked people out ” at first .
Paving marking signs and islands were reconfigured at a rate of one block per week .
In the beginning , there were also problems with motorist compliance .
People were driving into the bike path , but that resolved itself over time .
Keeping the bike lanes swept clean of debris was a challenge too , so the paths had to be the exact width of the street sweeping vehicle to ensure that they would be cleaned on a regular basis .
The NYCDOT worked closely with the fire and police departments to make sure they were still able to access a burning building .
Standard metered parking was changed to “ truck loading zones only ” because the NYCDOT did n’t want a truck double parking in one of the traffic lanes .
That created a huge uproar with retailers until the NYCDOT discovered that the merchants themselves were the ones using metered parking .
Off - street bike paths in parks are extremely popular with cyclists and indicate , said Benson , the potential for a bike facility that does n’t have to share the roads with cars , pedestrians and public transit .
Despite the astronomical growth in bicycle facilities , the number of people who commute by bicycle is still only 1 per cent , climbing as high as 4 per cent in some of the denser neighbourhoods of New York City .
As part of my work on EveryWatt , our fledgling energy monitoring web site , I needed a way to consolidate log messages from all the data loggers we have running in a single place .
If you 're not familiar with it , Python 's logging module is good stuff and worth checking out .
We already used it for logging to files locally , and the module defines an HTTPHandler that can deliver log messages to a remote server via HTTP .
To implement the Django side , I wrote a lightweight pluggable app to receive the log messages and store them in the database .
To use the app , just create an HTTPHandler that points to your Django site , and add it to a logger :
import logging import logging .
handlers logger = logging .
getLogger ( ' mylogger ' ) http_handler = logging .
handlers .
HTTPHandler ( ' django.app.hostname:port ' , '/ remotelog/your_app_slug/log / ' , method = ' POST ' , ) logger .
addHandler ( http_handler ) logger .
info ( ' testing remote logging ' )
On the Django side , navigate to / admin / remotelog / logmessage / and you should have a nice interface ( courtesy of the Django admin ) to filter , search , and sort log messages as they come in .
The app is called django - remotelog , and it 's up on Google code .
Check it out , and feel free to comment .
This may sound like something out of Iron Man , but it 's very real .
Don Ingber has developed a machine that uses an electromagnet to suck sepsis - causing bacteria out of the blood .
In lab tests , Ingber 's team mixed donor blood with the fungus Candida albicans , a common cause of sepsis , and added plastic - coated iron - oxide beads , each a hundredth of a hair - width in diameter and covered with antibodies that seek out and attach to the fungus .
Next they ran the mixture through the dialysis - like machine , which uses an electromagnet to pull the beads , and any pathogens stuck to them , from blood into a saline solution .
The device removes 80 percent of the invaders - enough so that drugs could knock out the rest - in a couple of hours .
Advertisement
He still has to perform testing on animals to make sure it does n't , you know , kill things , but it all looks quite promising .
If it works for this bacteria , he 's hoping to jigger the process to pull cancer cells from the body or harvest stem cells .
[ PopSci ]
Our friend Marcello Silvestre , from Iodice Architetti sent us their design por the Italian Pavillion for the Shanghai World Expo 2010 .
Silvestre , along with Francesco Iodice and Giuseppe Iodice from Iodice Architetti worked with Giampaolo Imbrighi , Teresa Crescenzi , Antonello De Bonis , and Cosimo Dominelli in the design of the pavillion .
The project proposes a building which integrates a typical model of the Italian urban building , with the architectural structure of the Chinese construction game called Shanghai .
More images and architect ’s description after the break .
The pavilion covers an area of 3.600 square metres and is 18 metres high .
Inside it is divided into irregular sections of different dimensions , connected by a steel bridge structure where the connecting galleries are visible .
If needed , the structure can be dismantled and reconstructed , on a smaller scale , in another part of the city .
The different sections of the building make up a geometrical variety symbolizing the tradition and regional customs which define the Italian identity : a type of mosaic of which each of the parts show a single picture .
The form also highlights the topographic complexity of Italian cities , with its numerous short narrow roads and alleys which suddenly open onto a large square , a characteristic which can also be found in the traditional Chinese urban centres .
A psychophysical effect of comfort is given by an internal garden , the presence of water and natural light which spreads throughout the area across the patios and by the walls .
Actuate Survey : Open Source Booming in China , Germany and Other Regions
by Ostatic Staff - Jun. 22 , 2009
It 's no secret that certain parts of the world favor open source more than others do .
Today , Actuate , which specializes in open source business intelligence applications , is out with its fourth annual open source survey results .
The results are based on responses from global business and I.T. professionals from the financial services sector , public sector and the manufacturing industry .
This year the survey also included Chinese respondents .
Here are some of the highlights from the results .
According to Actuate 's survey results :
" China reveals high adoption rates with a large majority of those surveyed ( 80.3 % ) using open source software .
In all regions surveyed the main perceived benefit of open source software is no licence costs . "
Four out of five respondents in China are using open source ?
That seems very high .
By contrast , in North America , 41 percent of respondents said they are using open source .
The numbers for the U.K. were roughly in line with North American findings .
There , 42.1 percent of respondents said they are using open source .
However , 67 percent of French respondents said they are , and 60 percent of German respondents said they are -- high numbers .
The U.K. has historically had a welcoming attitude toward open source , but Actuate 's findings suggest that there may be a decline there .
" The proportion of U.K. respondents who feel that the benefits of open source software outweigh the inhibitors has decreased this year to 47 percent ( from 54 percent in 2008 ) . "
You can view more findings from Actuate 's survey here .
[ p | p <- posts , p.pertains_to ?( Ruby , Erlang , Haskell , SICP , whatever I feel like ) ]
" Higher - order functions are the very essence of functional programming languages – they breathe fire into the belly of the code . " – Joe Armstrong
So back it has come , with temporary guest presenters until a permanent replacement can be found ( both Cryer and Garden are tight - lipped on who that could be ) .
When tickets for the new six - part series were released , with announcements that Stephen Fry , Jack Dee and Rob Brydon would each be presenting two programmes , they were snapped up within minutes .
The guest panellists were n’t even announced yet – Wood ’s appearance ( she holds her own despite saying this week in an interview the Radio Times that panel shows are too “ male - dominated ” ) is a complete surprise .
John Demjanjuk , a retired autoworker living in Cleveland , faces deportation to Germany Wednesday to answer to war crimes charges that as a guard at a World War II Nazi extermination camp he had a hand in the deaths of nearly 30,000 Jews and gypsies .
In this country of long memories and an ongoing determination to face up to the legacy of its Nazi past , even 60 years on , cases such as Demjanjuk 's rarely raise questions here about whether too much time has elapsed to prosecute old crimes .
" If Mr. Demjanjuk is too ill to stand trial , that is one thing , and for others to decide , " says Peter Graumann , the vice president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany .
" Apart from that , I think it 's very important to try him as a signal and a sign of justice being done at last – that there is no time limit to justice . "
The fate of Mr. Demjanjuk edged closer to a German trial Monday when US Immigration Judge Wayne Iskra reversed his own ruling from three days before that had stayed Demjanjuk 's deportation on grounds of poor health .
Due to his illnesses , Demjanjuk 's family maintains a forced trip to Germany and subsequent trial would amount to inhumane torture , something the Justice Department denies .
Demjanjuk , a native of Ukraine , moved to the US in 1952 and gained citizenship in 1958 .
He has maintained his innocence , and his family vowed to appeal his deportation on health and humanitarian grounds Tuesday .
German authorities say they have extensive evidence – the most damning being a Schutzstaffel ( SS ) identification card – that implicates him and proves he was a guard at the Sobibor death camp in southern Poland who personally walked thousands of people to their demise in gas chambers .
The Ludwigsburg Central Office for the Investigation of Nazi Crimes in southern Germany built the case against Demjanjuk .
A spokesman for its director , Kurt Schrimm , declined to comment on today 's developments , saying the case had been handed over to prosecutors in Munich , where Demjanjuk would stand trial upon arriving in Germany .
In recent days , the German news media have focused on the idea that if Demjanjuk stood trial here , it likely would be the last such trial linked to the Nazi era .
In all , some 6,500 Nazi war criminals have been brought to justice in Germany since the end of World War II , about 1,200 of whom were accused of murder .
The last former Nazi to stand trial in Germany was Josef Schwammberger , who was issued a life sentence in 1992 and died in prison in 2004 .
" The passage of time in no way diminishes the guilt of Nazi perpetrators , " says Efraim Zuroff , chief Nazi- hunter at the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Jerusalem .
" If we want to set a chronological limit on prosecution , then if [ former Nazis ] are smart enough or lucky enough to escape justice until that age , they get completely off . "
" We believe that every single victim of the Nazis deserves to hold the people who turned them into victims accountable , " Mr. Zuroff says .
As Demjanjuk awaits deportation , the US Justice Department 's Office for Special Investigations has begun moves to expel a Pennsylvania man accused of hiding his Nazi past .
Authorities say Anton Geiser , an 84 - year - old who has lived in the US since 1954 , was an SS guard at the Sachsenhausen and Buchenwald concentration camps and lied about this on his entry documents .
Right now , it is unclear where the US wants to deport Mr. Geiser to .
Demjanjuk has faced allegations about his Nazi past for three decades .
In 1987 , he was extradited to Israel , where he was accused of being the Nazi guard known as " Ivan the Terrible " at the Treblinka extermination camp , also in what is today Poland .
After seven years in Israeli custody , a court there acquitted him .
His US citizenship was restored in 1998 .
But a year later the Justice Department opened a new case against him .
In 2002 , a federal judge ruled that Demjanjuk had been a guard instead at Sobibor rather than Treblinka .
He has been awaiting deportation since 2005 , and last year failed to get the Supreme Court to consider his appeal .
Demjanjuk maintains that he was never a member of the Nazi party and that during the war he had fought with the Soviet Army , becoming a prisoner of war in Germany when he was captured in 1942 .
" However the Germans proceed , we will be fighting for justice in this sad case , " his son , John Demjanjuk Jr. , told Germany 's Sueddeutsche Zeitung recently .
" There is no credible evidence that he engaged in murder or even thousands of murders .
He has never harmed anyone , before , during or after the war . "
BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF HAWAII :
SECTION 1 . Chapter 134 , Hawaii Revised Statutes , is amended by adding a new section to part III to be appropriately designated and to read as follows :
" § 134 ‑
Pocket knives ; sale prohibited ; penalty .
Any person who knowingly manufactures , sells , transfers , possesses , or transports a pocket knife in the State shall be guilty of a misdemeanor .
As used in this section :
" Pocket knife " means a knife with a blade that folds into the handle and which is suitable for carrying in the pocket . "
SECTION 2 . Upon the effective date of this Act , no person shall import or manufacture pocket knives into the State for the purpose of selling or distributing pocket knives .
SECTION 3 . New statutory material is underscored .
SECTION 4 . This Act shall take effect on January 1 , 2010 .
You know , it 's really hard for men to take care of themselves .
Shaving , shampooing , and bathing are really difficult tasks .
Thank goodness there are always some scantily clad women to help them practice basic hygiene !
Anthropologists across the globe will tell you that no man has actually cleansed himself without a team of half - dressed women with sassy stares to guide him .
Did you know that the Black Death killed 200 million people in the 1300s because women were n't allowed to dress in clothes from Rainbow and assist men with their daily cleansing rituals ?
It 's true !
Apparently , in order to sell soap , shaving cream , and shampoo to men , it requires the assistance of " hot girls " who want nothing more than to help guys apply their grooming products .
Because nothing turns a lady on like some dude who smells like he just walked out of the high school cafeteria .
Is there such a thing as " too much cologne " ?
In the world of Axe , the answer is most certainly no .
( The following vids , especially the last one , are slightly NSFW . )
Advertisement
Here we have a charming
Axe ad wherein the ladies turn a perfectly normal looking guy into a heartthrob from 1983 .
Feathered hair that smells like deodorant , gentlemen !
That 's the way to get into our pants :
And here , the Axe Crisis Relief ladies crash a bachelor party to " sexily " wash someone 's hair :
And finally , the ladies of " Shave Wet " help this poor befuddled gentleman shave properly …by being sexy , of course !
And what do you know , after they shave him , they also sleep with him .
SO REALISTIC YOU GUYS :
Can we just stop this bullshit , please ?
Girls are not going to throw themselves all over you because you use Axe .
If anything , the sight of an Axe bottle in a dude 's bathroom is a pretty clear douchebag warning device .
And ladies , if you really want to do some good in your Crisis Relief mode , you might want to tell a guy that if he can't wash his own damn hair , he 's probably pretty undateable to begin with .
Or send him back to his Mom 's house , as he 's clearly not able to take care of himself without a woman forcing him to take a damn shower .
Perhaps advertisers should start realizing that his kind of idiotic commercial only drives home the point that dudes who actually buy into this stuff are total assholes who smell like puberty and desperation .
At least one company has the right idea :
Three Hookers Come To A Hotel , Help Guy Shave [ Ad Gabber ]
[ Axe Hair Crisis Relief ]
The Ibn Sina robot will soon get a Facebook profile page Facebook could soon be helping bridge the divide between humans and robots .
Researchers are giving a robot its own Facebook profile page to help foster meaningful relationships with people .
The page will be populated with interactions the robot has with people as well as photos of the time it spends in human company .
Its creators hope that embedding it in a social web will demonstrate that a sustainable friendship can grow up between man and machine .
Ancient scholar
The coupling of robot and social network is the idea of Dr Nikolaus Mavridis and co-researchers as they look into ways of overcoming the reluctance of people to stay in touch with robots .
While robots that can engage people have been produced before now , research suggests that humans lose interest - at most a few weeks after being introduced - as the behavioural repertoire of the machine is exhausted .
In a paper on the pre-print website Arxiv.org server , the researchers say they want to find out if this can be thwarted by giving humans and robots a pool of shared memories and if they are part of the same social circle of friends .
The platform for exploring the problem is a robot that can recognise faces created by Dr Mavridis and colleagues from the Interactive Robots and Media Lab ( IRML ) at the University of the United Arab Emirates plus co-workers in Germany and Greece
The prototype is based on a PeopleBot machine from ActivRobots to which they have added a range finder , touch screen and stereo camera .
The current prototype is called " Sarah " but when the project begins this will be swapped for a machine with the face of Islamic scholar Ibn Sina , aka Avicenna .
Under the hood the machine has three software modules to help it interact with people it meets at IRML .
One module recognises the faces of real people or the images they place of themselves on Facebook .
It also has a language module so the machine can carry on real - time conversations and it will maintain a database of its friends and their social relationships based on information in Facebook .
This social database will also keep its own Facebook profile up to date .
In a month - long trial , Dr Mavridis aims to let Ibn Sina wander around IRML talking to people it meets and trying to get to know those that it does not .
When it meets anyone for the first time it will check on Facebook to see if they have a profile page and use what it finds there as the starting point for a conversation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The California Supreme Court unanimously overturned a billion - dollar class-action award against Bank of America Corp. on Monday , ruling that banks can collect overdraft fees from accounts in which government benefits intended for subsistence are directly deposited .
The ruling threw out a 2004 verdict by a San Francisco jury that found the bank violated state law by taking fees for insufficient funds from accounts set up to receive Social Security benefits .
The bank customers who had stood to benefit from the award included 1.1 million California residents receiving government assistance .
James C. Sturdevant , who represented the Social Security recipients , said the award , with interest , would have cost Bank of America more than $ 2 billion .
He said banks earn about $ 40 million a year from overdraft charges and that some of the Social Security recipients in the suit lost 20 % of their monthly income in a single day because of bank fees .
Advertisement
The suit relied on a 1974 state high court ruling that Monday ’s decision said did not apply to the facts alleged against Bank of America .
Although banks cannot take funds from a government recipient ’s account to recover debt on a bank - issued credit card , the government money can be tapped to cover bank fees , the state high court said .
The court noted that an overdraft could stem from a bank ’s honoring a rent or utility payment before the government benefits have been deposited .
“ Requiring banks to dishonor checks can harm the customer ’s credit rating , result in the customer ’s incurring fees and affect the customer ’s relationship with merchants , ” Justice Carlos R. Moreno wrote for the court .
Sturdevant said the court ’s ruling would punish the poor .
Advertisement
“ They do n’t have a credit rating , ” he said .
“ These are the poorest of the poor .
They live on $ 800 a month . ”
Walter Dellinger , who represented Bank of America , said he was pleased that the court concluded that the bank ’s practices were “ entirely lawful . ”
The court observed that banks post checks each day in the order of largest to smallest amount on the grounds that the larger transactions are more important and should be cleared first .
The policy also increases the number and amount of fees imposed on the customer for having insufficient funds , the court said .
Advertisement
--
maura.dolan@latimes.com
24 Jun,2009
Panasonic Digital Cameras now include a technology that can identify Panasonic 's authorised batteries .
For the protection of our customers Panasonic developed this technology after it was discovered that some aftermarket 3rd party batteries do not meet the rigid safety standards Panasonic uses .
Some of these aftermarket batteries are not equipped with internal protective devices to guard against overcharging , internal heating and short circuit .
If these aftermarket battery packs were used , it could lead to an accident causing damage to your camera or personal injury .
Accordingly , for our customers safety , Panasonic 's Digital camera firmware have been updated to ensure the genuine battery identification to prevent any unauthorized battery usage for our customers ' update at our support webpage , and introduced into each camera 's mass - production on running change basis .
Please find the link below to download each camera 's updated firmware .
[ Warning ]
After this firmware update your Panasonic Digital Camera cannot be operated by unauthorised 3rd party batteries .
( Currently there is no authorised 3rd party battery available in the market . )
Last month saw the 50th anniversary of what Tibetan activists like to call Tibetan National Uprising Day , the day in 1959 when Tibetans in Lhasa revolted against Chinese Communist party rule .
The rebellion was crushed .
The Dalai Lama fled to India , and for at least a decade things became a lot worse .
Many Tibetans , possibly more than a million , starved to death during Chairman Mao's Great Leap Forward campaign .
Temples and monasteries were smashed , sometimes by Tibetan Red Guards , during the Cultural Revolution , and a large number of people died in the violence .
Chinese officials are noticeably jumpy in this year of anniversaries ( 20 years after the Tiananmen Square protests ) .
Last month I was in Chengdu , in Sichuan province , where many Tibetans live .
Even foreign tourists who had no clue about the anniversary were stopped in the streets by police looking for signs of rebellion .
The colourful Tibetan district was cordoned off .
Not only was it forbidden to take pictures there ; one could n't even walk through .
The Chinese press , however , marked the anniversary with effusive articles describing Tibetan joy at being liberated from centuries of feudalism and slavery .
If the China Daily , among other publications , is to be believed , " pre-Liberation " Tibet was a living hell , and Tibetans are now grateful to be citizens of the People 's Republic of China .
Some probably are .
Many are not .
But if Chinese propaganda paints too dark a picture of the Tibetan past , westerners who sympathise with the Tibetan cause are often too sentimental .
The personal charm of the Dalai Lama has promoted a caricature of a mystical , wise and peace - loving people being crushed by a brutal empire .
It was not for nothing , however , that quite a few educated Tibetans actually welcomed the Chinese communists in 1950 .
The Buddhist clergy was seen , not without reason , as hidebound and oppressive .
Chinese communism promised modernisation .
And that is what China 's government has delivered in the past few decades .
Lhasa , a sleepy , rather grubby backwater only 30 years ago , is now a city of huge public squares , shopping centres , and high - rise buildings , connected to the rest of China by a high - speed railway line .
It is true that Tibetans , sparsely represented in local government , may not have benefited as much as the Han Chinese , whose presence in cities such as Lhasa as soldiers , traders and prostitutes is so overwhelming that people worry about the extinction of Tibetan culture , except as a tourist attraction .
Still , there is no question that Tibetan towns are now more modern – in terms of electrification , education , hospitals , and other public facilities – than they were before .
This is one of the arguments used not only by Chinese officials , but by almost all Chinese , to justify Tibet 's absorption into greater China .
This argument has a long history .
Western ( and , indeed , Japanese ) imperialists used it in the early 20th century to justify their " missions " to " civilise " or " modernise " the natives .
Taiwan , under Japanese rule , was in fact more modern than other parts of China .
And the British brought modern administration , as well as railways , universities , and hospitals , to India .
Outside a fringe of nostalgic chauvinists , however , most Europeans and Japanese are no longer so convinced that modernisation is sufficient validation of imperial rule .
Modernisation should be carried out by self - governing people , not imposed by foreign force .
But the Chinese have another argument up their sleeve , which seems more plausible ( and more modern ) .
They are justly proud of the ethnic diversity of China .
Why should nationality be defined by language or ethnicity ?
If Tibetans should be allowed to break away from China , why not the Welsh from Britain , the Basques from Spain , the Kurds from Turkey , or the Kashmiris from India ?
In some cases , the answer might be : well , perhaps they should .
But ethnicity as the main marker of nationality is a vague and dangerous concept , not least because it leaves all minorities out in the cold .
So are people wrong to support the Tibetan cause ?
Should we dismiss it as sentimental nonsense ?
Not necessarily .
The issue is not so much Tibetan culture , or spirituality , or even national independence , but political consent .
In this respect , the Tibetans are no worse off than other citizens of the People 's Republic of China .
Historic monuments are being bulldozed everywhere in China in the name of development .
Culture is being sterilised , homogenised and deprived of independence and spontaneity in all Chinese cities , not just in Tibet .
No Chinese citizen , regardless of whether he or she is Han , Tibetan , Uighur or Mongolian , can vote the ruling party out of power .
The problem , then , is not mainly one of nationality or discrimination , but of politics .
The Chinese government claims that Tibetans are happy .
But without a free press and the right to vote , there is no way of knowing this .
Sporadic acts of collective violence , followed by equally violent oppression , suggest that many are not .
Without democratic reform there will be no end to this cycle , for violence is the typical expression of people without free speech .
This is true not only for Tibet , but also for the rest of China .
Tibetans will be free only when all Chinese are free .
In that sense , if in no other , all citizens of China hang together .
• Ian Buruma 's latest book is The China Lover .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
There Goes My Porn Career
There Goes My Porn Career
Very sexy babe rides and gets fucked
Very sexy babe rides and gets fucked
Hungry Slut Likes Being On Her Knees In Public
Hungry Slut Likes Being On Her Knees In Public
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
Brigit getting out of her black dress
Brigit getting out of her black dress
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
The ACLU is suing the Transportation Security Administration for illegally searching and detaining Steve Bierfeldt , a US citizen who was detained , cursed at , and threatened by TSA agents for carrying $ 4700 in cash ( which is legal and does n't require disclosure in advance ) at an airport in April .
The TSA agents surely would have gotten away with violating the Bierfeldt 's Constitutional rights had Bierfeldt not recorded the half - hour interrogation on his cell phone .
" I do not believe I should give up my constitutional rights each time I choose to travel by plane .
I was doing nothing illegal or suspicious , yet I was treated like a potential criminal and harassed for no reason , " said Bierfeldt .
" Most Americans would be surprised to learn that TSA considers simply carrying cash to be a basis for detention and questioning .
I hope the court makes clear that my detention by TSA agents was unconstitutional and stops TSA from engaging in these unlawful searches and arrests .
I do not want another innocent American to have to endure what I went through . "
" Mr. Bierfeldt 's experience represents a troubling pattern of TSA attempting to transform its valid but limited search authority into a license to invade people 's privacy in a manner that would never be accepted outside the airport context , " said Larry Schwartztol , a staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" Just as the Constitution prevents the police on the street from conducting freewheeling searches in the hopes of uncovering wrongdoing , it protects travelers from the kind of treatment Mr. Bierfeldt suffered . "
TSA officials have the authority to conduct safety - related searches for weapons and explosives .
According to the ACLU 's lawsuit , TSA agents are using heightened security measures after 9/11 as an excuse to exceed their search authority and engage in unlawful searches that violate the privacy rights of passengers .
The lawsuit also charges that unconstitutional searches and detention by TSA agents have become the norm .
ACLU Sues DHS Over Unlawful TSA Searches And Detention
CLEBURNE , Texas 
The earth moved here on June 2 .
It was the first recorded earthquake in this Texas town 's 140 - year history — but not the last .
There have been four small earthquakes since , none with a magnitude greater than 2.8 .
The most recent ones came Tuesday night , just as the City Council was meeting in an emergency session to discuss what to do about the ground moving .
The council 's solution was to hire a geology consultant to try to answer the question on everyone 's mind :
Is natural gas drilling — which began in earnest here in 2001 and has brought great prosperity to Cleburne and other towns across North Texas — causing the quakes ?
" I think John Q. Public thinks there is a correlation with drilling , " Mayor Ted Reynolds said .
" We have n't had a quake in recorded history , and all the sudden you drill and there are earthquakes . "
At issue is a drilling practice called " fracking , " in which water is injected into the ground at high pressure to fracture the layers of shale and release natural gas trapped in the rock .
There is no consensus among scientists about whether the practice is contributing to the quakes .
But such seismic activity was once rare in Texas and seems to be increasing lately , lending support to the theory that drilling is having a destabilizing effect .
On May 16 , three small quakes shook Bedford , a suburb of Dallas and Fort Worth .
Two small earthquakes hit nearby Grand Prairie and Irving on Oct. 31 , and again on Nov. 1 .
The towns sit upon the Barnett Shale , a geologic formation that is perhaps the nation 's richest natural gas field .
The area is estimated to have 30 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas and provides about 7 % of the country 's supply .
The drilling 's economic impact has been significant , because gas companies pay signing bonuses and royalties to property owners for the right to drill beneath their land .
Signing bonuses climbed to around $ 25,000 an acre at the boom 's peak .
Cleburne agreed to lease the mineral rights in the earliest stages of the frenzy , receiving a modest $ 55 an acre for 3,500 acres of city land .
There are about 200 drilling sites in Cleburne , and it is not unusual to see cattle chewing grass in the shadow of gas pipes .
Cleburne has collected between $ 20 million and $ 25 million in royalties since 2001 , about $ 6 million in 2008 alone , Reynolds said .
Such riches have allowed the building of parks and sports complexes in the city of 30,000 , about 30 miles south of Fort Worth .
" That 's a lot of libraries and police cars , " the mayor said proudly .
" It 's enabled us to escape the worst part of the recession , enables us to keep tax rates low and lowered unemployment . "
Landowners are also getting theirs .
Locals call it " mailbox money , " occasional royalty checks that arrive from the gas companies .
The mayor , a contractor who owns three quarters of an acre , said his most recent check , for three months ' worth of royalties , was nearly $ 850 .
" It 's better than a poke in the eye , " he said .
Although many residents never felt the quakes , those who did have described them in different ways .
When the first few hit , some ran outside to see if a house had exploded .
The city manager said he thought his wife was closing the garage door .
Picture frames and windows rattled .
None of the quakes caused any damage or injuries , though city officials said they are keeping a close eye on the earthen dam at Lake Pat Cleburne .
There seems to be little fear around town of any catastrophic damage , but the ground shaking is unnerving nonetheless .
Townspeople want to find out at least what is causing it , even if it is unclear whether anything can be done about it .
The gas is extracted through a process known as horizontal drilling .
A company will drill roughly 5,000 feet to 7,000 feet down and then go horizontally for as much as 4,000 feet or so .
Then the fracking begins .
A spokeswoman for Chesapeake Energy , which owns most of the mineral rights leases in the Cleburne area , said the company is " eager to get to the facts " and is working with the government and local researchers to determine whether there is a link .
" Drilling has occurred for more than a hundred years , " Julie Wilson said in an e-mail .
" Tens of thousands of wells have been drilled with no nearby earthquakes at all ; hundreds of earthquakes have occurred with no drilling nearby . "
Cliff Frohlich , a scientist at the University of Texas and author of " Texas Earthquakes , " said he believes more than 20 Texas earthquakes in the past 100 years are related to drilling for petroleum and gas .
But he added : " I would be surprised if a seriously damaging earthquake came out of this . "
John Breyer , a petroleum geologist and professor at Texas Christian University , said drilling is absolutely not causing the earthquakes .
" It 's like the Great Wall of China , " he said .
" If you pull a brick out of the wall every half - mile , you are not going to affect the stability of the structure . "
The mayor said he is open to any answer the city 's geologist brings him .
" We are going to find out what 's causing them and if it is something that we can deal with , I promise we will deal with it , " Reynolds said .
" But it 's like the dog that chases the car and catches the car : I do n't know what you do then . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
BEIJING , June 1 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Monday reaffirmed his faith in a strong dollar and reassured the Chinese government that its huge holdings of dollar - denominated assets are safe .
“ We believe in a strong dollar , ” Geithner said in a question - and - answer session after a speech to students at Peking University .
[ ID : nPEK144756 ]
A major goal of Geithner ’s maiden visit to China as Treasury secretary is to allay Beijing ’s concerns that Washington ’s mushrooming budget deficit and ultra-loose monetary policy will undermine both the dollar and U.S. bonds .
China is the biggest foreign owner of U.S. Treasury bonds .
“ Chinese financial assets are very safe , ” Geithner said .
His response drew laughter from the audience .
( Reporting by Glenn Somerville ; Editing by Alan Wheatley )
ABSTRACT
We propose a fully homomorphic encryption scheme -- i.e. , a scheme that allows one to evaluate circuits over encrypted data without being able to decrypt .
Our solution comes in three steps .
First , we provide a general result -- that , to construct an encryption scheme that permits evaluation of arbitrary circuits , it suffices to construct an encryption scheme that can evaluate ( slightly augmented versions of ) its own decryption circuit ; we call a scheme that can evaluate its ( augmented ) decryption circuit bootstrappable .
Next , we describe a public key encryption scheme using ideal lattices that is almost bootstrappable .
Lattice - based cryptosystems typically have decryption algorithms with low circuit complexity , often dominated by an inner product computation that is in NC1 .
Also , ideal lattices provide both additive and multiplicative homomorphisms ( modulo a public - key ideal in a polynomial ring that is represented as a lattice ) , as needed to evaluate general circuits .
Unfortunately , our initial scheme is not quite bootstrappable -- i.e. , the depth that the scheme can correctly evaluate can be logarithmic in the lattice dimension , just like the depth of the decryption circuit , but the latter is greater than the former .
In the final step , we show how to modify the scheme to reduce the depth of the decryption circuit , and thereby obtain a bootstrappable encryption scheme , without reducing the depth that the scheme can evaluate .
Abstractly , we accomplish this by enabling the encrypter to start the decryption process , leaving less work for the decrypter , much like the server leaves less work for the decrypter in a server - aided cryptosystem .
It 's official : all full - power television stations in the United States have made the switch from analog to digital broadcasting .
The last 971 did the jump on Friday in 195 markets .
Federal Communications Commission Chair Michael Copps was characteristically circumspect about the final move , warning of a " period of adjustment as we all figure out how to make this new technology work in the real world .
" We all need a bit of patience and perseverance in the days ahead , " he told the press on Friday .
" This is a momentous change and it will take time to get it right . "
The FCC reports that well over 300,000 people called the agency 's help - line ( 1-888- CALL - FCC ) on June 12 , almost 700,000 in the last work week .
About a third of callers requested help with their digital converter set - top boxes .
Many just needed to be reminded to rescan their signal area with the box .
# 1 large country
How did the nation do overall ?
Quite well by most accounts , with many procrastinators finally getting their act together over the weekend .
On the other hand , reports across the country indicate that elderly people need hands - on help with antenna problems , and some consumers have lost stations , possibly because of changes in the contours of new digital signals .
It 's going to take more time to assess the situation in areas with high percentages of unprepared households .
In any event , the National Association of Broadcasters has declared victory .
" America is the first large country in the world to complete the transition to all - digital broadcasting , and our early reports show that the transition has been a success , " announced NAB Vice President Jonathan Collegio on Saturday .
So when are other countries getting the job done ?
Notwithstanding their size , many already have , including Germany , Sweden , Finland , Norway , and the Netherlands .
Italy , France , Spain , and Portugal should finish the task over the next two to three years .
Most that have n't completed the job are doing so gradually .
For example :
Japan began the transition in Tokyo in 2003 and plans to complete it by 2011 .
Branding has been a bit of a problem over there .
Japan 's DTV alert commercials featured pop star Tsuyoshi Kusanagi — that is until he was arrested in April for frolicking around a park , stark naked and drunk .
Since then , Japan 's DTV PR department has come up with Chidejeka , a DTV deer deity whose PSAs explain the transition to the kids .
The United Kingdom has a pretty nifty DTV logo too .
The British are phasing their " digital switchover " from this year through 2012 .
Various regions are making the switch at different times .
Scotland will do it next year .
Yorkshire , will follow in 2011 .
London will conclude the transition in 2012 .
Australia plans to complete the transition by the end of 2013 .
And as with the UK , Australians plan to employ a phased approach beginning in 2010 and concluding with its big cities — Sydney and Melbourne — in 2013 .
Canada 's analog cutoff deadline is August 31 , 2011 .
But the country is affected by the US switch because some Canadians pick up TV signals from the United States .
In those instances they needed to make adjustments if their sets were analog - only .
Other countries have extended their schedule well into the future .
Russia plans to phase DTV in through 2015 , starting with its southeastern border and gradually moving west .
Mexico has stretched its DTV rollout through December 31 , 2021 , dividing the task into six periods , and transitioning regions depending on their population size .
Doubtless Mexicans at the US border also had to make adjustments if they tuned their analog sets into US stations .
So the United States is unique in being the first " large country " to complete the switch .
It also stands out as having pulled the analog plug over a relatively short period of time , from February 17 through Friday , June 12 .
But the question we 're asking right now is how come we never got a cute DTV logo character like the UK and Japan ?
Further reading
These photos are parts of 132 chambers and tombs left by Tsamudis and Nabateans during their magnificent architecture era which is between 200 B.C and 100 A.D.
The location is about 200 km from north of Medina City .
In July 2008 , UNESCO has proclaimed the site as World ’s Heritage .
Below are some of the amazing photos of the monuments .
Could you imagine how their looks in the past ?
Resource
Category : Arts and Culture , Headline , Middle East
Do you hate spam ?
I love it ... if I can recycle it in some really dumb cartoons !
It 's all talking about sex here , I am afraid ...
But nevertheless , here are some great quotes from those spam mails about the products that will help you regain control of your masculinity or a new amazing way of male enhancement to outwit Mother Nature !
These doctor recommended products will enhance your masculine virility and length , with great results for your lovemaking life .
The new Karma ( sic ! )
Sutra skills are coming within your reach with the herbal products of the love doctors .
If you do n't get instant satisfaction ... you simply get your money back !
So what are you waiting for ?
There are some Great Pills of Fire here !
And oh yeah ...
Of course it 's about Britney Spears and Paris Hilton too !
( To my knowledge , all images used in this Hub are in the public domain .
If I 've made a mistake here , please let me know . )
THE Great Downturn may have its first real status symbol .
It has plenty in common with recent extravagances .
Like the Range Rover or the Sub - Zero fridge , it has a solid frame designed for function .
Like a Louis Vuitton trunk , it has a chic design and a patina of history stretching back to the 19th century .
And like a bottle of San Pellegrino , it evokes that genteel way of life that Europeans are always going on about .
This new
It object is the glossy black Dutch bicycle , its design unchanged since World War II .
Increasingly imported to the United States and starting to be seen on the streets of New York ( and in the windows of at least one clothing store ) , it appears to have everything a good craze needs .
That includes a hefty price tag — usually between $ 1,000 and $ 2,000 — and a charming back story about how the bikes have been an indispensable part of the picturesque Dutch cityscape for decades .
But can New York revert to New Amsterdam ?
Can the bicycle , the urban answer to the wild mustang , slow down and put fenders on ?
Can the urban cyclist , he of the ragtag renegade clothes or shiny spandex , grow up and put on a tie ?
Serious obstacles stand in the way .
Even as bicycle sales and ridership are up , even as the city becomes more bike friendly than ever , the extreme poles of bike culture are still in many ways hostile to biking as it is done in the Netherlands .
There , where riding a bicycle to work in a suit and tie is as notable an act as drinking a cup of coffee , there is no bike culture — all culture includes the bike .
LITTLE girls may be made of sugar and spice and all things nice , but their armpits smell of onions .
And while free of slug or snail odours , men ’s armpits pack a powerful cheesy whiff .
That ’s the conclusion of research in Switzerland that involved taking armpit sweat samples from 24 men and 25 women after they had spent time in a sauna or ridden an exercise bike for 15 minutes .
The researchers found marked differences in the sweat from men and women .
“ Men smell of cheese , and women of grapefruit or onion , ” says Christian Starkenmann of Firmenich , a company in …
He created one of the most breath - taking and lucrative franchises in show - business .
But the once - penniless street performer behind Cirque du Soleil is involved in an intriguing legal spat over the colourful acrobatic manoeuvres that allegedly take place in his bedroom .
Guy Laliberté , the billionaire impresario whose troupe will today celebrate its 25th birthday , has announced plans to sue the publishers of an unauthorised biography which depicts him as a bed - hopping scoundrel with an inexhaustible appetite for sex , drugs , and a rock and roll lifestyle .
The threat , which sparked a circus of the media variety in Mr Laliberté 's native Canada , comes after the influential Montreal news magazine Macleans published a revelatory extract from the muck - raking new book , entitled The Fabulous Story of the Creator of the Cirque du Soleil .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It details some of the famously decadent parties that Mr Laliberté financed with the proceeds of his business empire , which currently controls 18 shows in dozens of countries , and supports almost 4,000 employees , including hundreds of the world 's most talented dancers and acrobats .
During the parties , global business leaders , politicians , and Hollywood stars were entertained by Cirque du Soleil performers , and provided with millions of dollars of fine food and wine .
Author Ian Halperin , who quotes dozens of former guests , details heroic displays of debauchery .
" Everything you wanted was available at Guy 's parties , " said Myra Jones , a Milan - based fashion model who attended several of the events .
" Drugs , the best music spun by famous DJs flown in from Europe and the USA , and the wildest sex you could ever imagine . "
The book claims that Laliberté 's assistants invited busloads of prostitutes from his native Montreal to the parties , which were attended by the likes of Robert DeNiro and Sir Paul McCartney .
Mere B - list guests were required to sign a confidentiality agreement before attending .
" It was beyond crazy ; it was complete insanity for hours .
Everyone was so beautiful and so free , " said Angie Everhart , a Playboy model .
" If there was a straight person in the house they must have freaked out watching everyone else trip .
They would have thought they were the one on drugs . "
However the passage in the book which appears to have most upset Mr Laliberté , an eccentric figure who now has a personal fortune estimated at $ 2.5 bn , concerns his ex-girlfriend Rizia Moreira , a Brazilian model who is the mother of three of his five children .
" He 'd come home after sleeping with other women and have sex with me , " she complained in the book .
" If he had told me , I never would have had sex with him . "
Mr Laliberté has taken exception to the claims .
This week , he wrote to Transit Publishing , which released the book , denying several key allegations made in the book and demanding that it is immediately withdrawn from stores .
Macleans has also been issued with a legal letter .
However Mr Halperin yesterday returned fire , with interest .
" We intend to fight this vigorously and take this as a gross infringement on freedom of the press , " he told the New York Post .
" Everything in my book is true and can easily be proven .
If he continues to harass me , I will launch a slander suit . "
Whatever the eventual outcome , the row comes at an inconvenient time for Mr Laliberté , who is supposed to be focused on training for a forthcoming space flight , for which he has paid a Russian company $ 35 m .
It was like watching the pieces of a puzzle assemble : Could this gene , found on the same chromosome that defines Down syndrome , be especially bountiful in people with Down and , thus , responsible for depriving tumors of what they need to grow ?
At the same time , experiments were showing that the gene had a significant effect in stanching the growth of blood vessels that nourish tumors .
That changed soon enough when Ryeom recognized where that gene lives in the human body : on chromosome 21 .
That is the same chromosome that exists in triplicate in people with Down syndrome .
Most people inherit chromosomes in pairs .
But it is the third chromosome 21 that produces the external physical features and internal medical problems associated with Down syndrome , including heart defects , respiratory problems , and Alzheimer 's disease .
" At that point , " Ryeom said , " it was not looked at in terms of cancer , blood vessel growth , or Down syndrome . "
Six years ago , Ryeom and other scientists identified the genetic mechanism that acts like an on - and - off switch for calcineurin .
As a junior researcher , Sandra Ryeom wanted to better understand a protein called calcineurin - and , more specifically , what controls its activity in humans .
It was a subject of intense interest because the protein plays a sometimes lethal role in causing transplanted organs to be rejected by recipients .
In many respects , the discovery , detailed last month in the journal Nature , is a textbook example of scientific serendipity .
" Most people do n't appreciate the fact that these individuals with Downs potentially hold a secret that might lead to quite substantial and revolutionary new treatments for cancer , " said Dr. David Sweetser , who treats patients and researches cancer at MassGeneral Hospital for Children but was not involved in the Downs project .
" The obvious hope is that this is going to give us information to help develop a tool that we could use to treat a whole variety of solid tumors . "
The scientists discovered that the extra chromosome carried by people with Down syndrome - which causes the condition 's distinctive features - harbors a gene responsible for starving tumors of the blood they need to survive and flourish .
Now , 17 months after he died , researchers in his lab at Children 's Hospital Boston have found an answer , and their discovery could provide a beacon to scientists developing treatments and preventive medications designed to be broadly effective against cancer , wherever it resides in the body .
The famed Boston scientist Judah Folkman puzzled over the question for decades , since encountering it on an exam as a young medical student .
It is a scientific riddle that has stumped , and deeply intrigued , specialists in cancer and genetics for decades :
Why do people with Down syndrome so rarely develop life - threatening tumors ?
Epidemiologic studies of thousands of people with Down syndrome - there are more than 400,000 in the United States - have shown they are less than 10 percent as likely to die from solid tumors as their comparably aged peers , and that has remained true even as scientific advances allow people with the syndrome to live deeper into adulthood .
Curiously , though , Down syndrome appears to increase prospects of being diagnosed with leukemia , a blood - borne cancer .
" The way that cancer affects people with Down syndrome is just so intriguing from both perspectives , " said Dr. Jeffrey Toretsky , a pediatric oncologist at Georgetown University 's Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center .
" Why do they get more leukemias but fewer solid tumors ? "
Ryeom and the other scientists embarked on a series of tests exploring the tumor part of the equation .
Test after test , the evidence accumulated .
One experiment confirmed that people with Down syndrome have elevated levels of the gene , which is known by different names , including DSCR - 1 : Down syndrome candidate region - 1 .
In another test , mice were bred with three copies of the DSCR - 1 gene - meant to mimic the three copies in humans with the syndrome - and then injected with cancer cells .
Those mice wound up developing tumors that grew only half as fast and were half as large as in normal mice .
Finally , stem cell pioneer George Q. Daley of Children 's Hospital harvested skin samples from adults with Down syndrome as well as from other people .
Using genetic technology , the skin was transformed into human stem cells that , in turn , were injected into mice .
The potent stem cells divided chaotically , spawning harmless tumors that proved to be ideal models for studying blood vessel development .
The result :
The benign masses stemming from the Down syndrome stem cells showed almost no blood vessel formation , a stark comparison with robust vessel growth in the other tumors .
The findings led researchers to conclude that having the extra supply of DSCR - 1 genes was a significant - although not complete - factor in preventing tumor blood vessel formation in people with Down syndrome .
They also mined evidence that a second gene out of the 231 on chromosome 21 impedes vessel growth .
Researchers from Children's , as well as independent specialists , predicted that the discovery could guide development of drugs to mimic the effect of Down syndrome in patients stricken with cancer .
But they went further , suggesting that one day , healthy adults might regularly take a pill to prevent the rogue blood vessels from forming and , thus , stop microscopic tumors from turning into something dangerous .
But any drug to prevent cancer would have to clear a far steeper safety hurdle than medications given to patients who already have life - threatening tumors .
" Cancer prevention strategies are really the holy grail , but they 're tricky because you have to use an approach that is nontoxic and that people can be exposed to for years and years , " said Dr. Crystal Mackall , chief of pediatric oncology at the National Cancer Institute .
The discovery emerges at a time when much of the cancer research world is obsessed with developing personalized treatments , rather than approaches to more broadly defeat the disease .
To his last day , the charismatic Folkman subscribed to a vision of cancer treatment that could help the greatest number of patients .
His work , scorned for years until being embraced in many corners , provided the blueprint for drugs such as Avastin , a medication shown to choke off the blood supply to tumors and slow vision loss in patients with leaky blood vessels in their eyes .
Folkman 's death in January 2008 occurred as the Down syndrome researchers were about to begin tumor experiments in mice .
" He never got to see it come to fruition , which is really unfortunate , " Ryeom , one of his scientific progeny , lamented .
" But somehow , I just think he knows . "
Stephen Smith can be reached at stsmith@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
If this is your first time visiting National Terror Alert you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
The National terror Alert feed features breaking news , alerts and bulletins on demand and it's free of charge ..
You will only see this message on your first visit to the site .
Thanks for visiting !
The National Archives lost a computer hard drive containing massive amounts of sensitive data from the Clinton administration , including Social Security numbers , addresses , and Secret Service and White House operating procedures , congressional officials said Tuesday .
One of former Vice President Al Gore ’s three daughters is among those whose Social Security numbers were on the drive .
Other information includes logs of events , social gatherings and political records .
NASA 's Fermi Explores High- energy " Space Invaders "
Francis Reddy
NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center
Since its launch last June , NASA 's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has discovered a new class of pulsars , probed gamma-ray bursts and watched flaring jets in galaxies billions of light - years away .
Today at the American Physical Society meeting in Denver , Colo. , Fermi scientists revealed new details about high - energy particles implicated in a nearby cosmic mystery .
" Fermi's Large Area Telescope is a state - of - the - art gamma - ray detector , but it's also a terrific tool for investigating the high - energy electrons in cosmic rays , " said Alexander Moiseev , who presented the findings .
Moiseev is an astrophysicist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md.Cosmic rays are hyperfast electrons , positrons , and atomic nuclei moving at nearly the speed of light .
Astronomers believe that the highest - energy cosmic rays arise from exotic places within our galaxy , such as the wreckage of exploded stars .
Fermi's Large Area Telescope ( LAT ) is exquisitely sensitive to electrons and their antimatter counterparts , positrons .
Looking at the energies of 4.5 million high - energy particles that struck the detector between Aug. 4 , 2008 , and Jan. 31 , 2009 , the LAT team found evidence that both supplements and refutes other recent findings .
Compared to the number of cosmic rays at lower energies , more particles striking the LAT had energies greater than 100 billion electron volts ( 100 GeV ) than expected based on previous experiments and traditional models .
( Visible light has energies between two and three electron volts . )
The observation has implications similar to complementary measurements from a European satellite named PAMELA and from the ground - based High Energy Stereoscopic System ( H.E.S.S. ) , an array of telescopes located in Namibia that sees flashes of light as cosmic rays strike the upper atmosphere .
Last fall , a balloon - borne experiment named ATIC captured evidence for a dramatic spike in the number of cosmic rays at energies around 500 GeV .
" Fermi would have seen this sharp feature if it was really there , but it did n't . " said Luca Latronico , a team member at the National Institute of Nuclear Physics ( INFN ) in Pisa , Italy .
" With the LAT 's superior resolution and more than 100 times the number of electrons collected by balloon - borne experiments , we are seeing these cosmic rays with unprecedented accuracy .
" Unlike gamma rays , which travel from their sources in straight lines , cosmic rays wend their way around the galaxy .
They can ricochet off of galactic gas atoms or become whipped up and redirected by magnetic fields .
These events randomize the particle paths and make it difficult to tell where they originated .
In fact , determining cosmic - ray sources is one of Fermi 's key goals .
What 's most exciting about the Fermi , PAMELA , and H.E.S.S. data is that they may imply the presence of a nearby object that 's beaming cosmic rays our way .
" If these particles were emitted far away , they ’d have lost a lot of their energy by the time they reached us , " explained Luca Baldini , another Fermi collaborator at INFN .
If a nearby source is sending electrons and positrons toward us , the likely culprit is a pulsar -- the crushed , fast - spinning leftover of an exploded star .
A more exotic possibility is on the table , too .
The particles could arise from the annihilation of hypothetical particles that make - up so - called dark matter .
This mysterious substance neither produces nor impedes light and reveals itself only by its gravitational effects .
" Fermi's next step is to look for changes in the cosmic - ray electron flux in different parts of the sky , " Latronico said .
" If there is a nearby source , that search will help us unravel where to begin looking for it .
" NASA 's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope is an astrophysics and particle physics partnership mission , developed in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Energy and important contributions from academic institutions and partners in France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Sweden , and the U.S .
Duuuuuuuude :
( Massachusetts Congressman Barney )
Frank has filed a bill that would eliminate federal penalties for personal possession of less than 100 grams of marijuana .
It would also make the penalty for using marijuana in public just $ 100 .
" I think John Stuart Mill had it right in the 1850s , " said Congressman Frank , " when he argued that individuals should have the right to do what they want in private , so long as they do n't hurt anyone else .
It 's a matter of personal liberty .
Moreover , our courts are already stressed and our prisons are over - crowded .
We do n't need to spend our scarce resources prosecuting people who are doing no harm to others . "
Frank filed a similar bill last year , but it failed .
The law passed in Massachusetts last November .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Recently , Harvard students protested the university ’s decision to stop offering anonymous HIV testing .
According to the Harvard Crimson , the students staged their demonstration with signs bearing slogans like “ My right to privacy includes my right to anonymity . ”
But the signs were Plan B. Plan A would have been really cool :
Protestors had originally planned to request HIV tests en masse in order to demonstrate the demand for anonymous testing .
But a majority of protesters were turned away by UHS because they did not have an appointment or an actual medical ailment , according to Craig B. Colbeck , a Graduate School of Arts and Sciences student .
It ’s a great idea — and we know today ’s students activists have plenty more where that one came from .
MoJo , Campus Progress , and WireTap would like to hear about all feats of student activism ( the more creative the better ) from the past school year in time for the Hellraisers , our first annual student activism awards .
Here ’s how it works :
You tell us about your favorite activism antics .
Selected nominees will be featured in the September / October 2009 issue of Mother Jones .
Anyone can nominate any current student activists ( and we ’re not just talking college here !
High schoolers , grad students , kindergartners — all okay ) .
Nominating is quick and easy .
Do it here .
Launchpad is an applications network built entirely by Canonical in order to facilitate software development .
Of course , the main product under development on Launchpad is Ubuntu .
The purpose for going open - source is to increase the development speed which is extremely important to meet the huge competition from large corporations .
It 's also possible that there will be new additions to the Launchpad application such as a wiki page where you can discuss about the changes or bugs .
Full implementation plan and timetable can be found on the website [ via ubucentrum.net
in
All you music lovers out there who have yet to watch Elvis Costello 's fantastic talk show , " Spectacle " , have simply got to wake up and realize what you 've been missing .
As I said in my earlier piece , Attention All Music Fans !
The Best Talk Show Ever : " Spectacle : Elvis Costello with ... " , there 's never been a show quite like this one .
It is - I repeat - the best talk show ever .
I should mention that I wrote that initial rave review of the show after only having seen the very first episode .
However , I 've now seen all 11 episodes that have aired here in Canada so far ( there are two more to go from this first season ) and I can tell you that this show just keeps getting better and better .
Guests , so far , have included The Police ; James Taylor ; Rufus Wainwright ; Jenny Lewis ; Jakob Dylan ; She & Him ; Herbie Hancock ; Elton John ; Tony Bennett ; Elvis ' wife , Diana Krall ; Bill Clinton ; and , all together in one particularly great episode , Kris Kristofferson , Rosanne Cash , Norah Jones and John Mellencamp .
Lou Reed
But this weekend 's episode , featuring Lou Reed , was definitely one of the best yet .
Not only did we get a conversation with Lou , the founder and leader of The Velvet Underground , one of the greatest and most influential acts in rock ' n ' roll history , but we also got a special visit from artist and filmmaker - and close Lou Reed friend - Julian Schnabel as well .
Schnabel , for those who do n't know the name , is the director of Basquiat ( 1996 ) , Before Night Falls ( 2000 ) and The Diving Bell and The Butterfly , which was , of course , the # 1 film on My Picks For The Best 25 Films of 2008 list last year .
As usual , the discussion was great , but the highlight this week was a couple of truly amazing performances .
Femme Fatale
First , the show opened with Elvis and band tearing into an absolutely fantastic rendition of " Femme Fatale " , the Lou Reed - written , Nico- sung classic from The Velvet Underground 's 1967 debut album , The Velvet Underground & Nico .
There have been a lot of great performances on the show so far , but , to my mind , nothing beats this passionate Van Morrison - esque version of one of Lou 's greatest songs .
Check it out here :
Set The Twilight Reeling
And then , an hour later , to close out the show we got another incredible , ass - kicking performance , this time featuring Lou and Elvis together on a terrific version of Lou 's 1996 song " Set The Twilight Reeling " .
Watch it here :
So , if you call yourself a music fan and you have n't been watching this amazing show then perhaps you 're either a ) a Britney Spears fan ; b) a Chickenfoot fan ; or c ) not in fact a music fan at all .
I mean , a true music fan missing this show would be akin to a real soccer nut not bothering to tune into the World Cup or a real hockey fan missing that great game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final on Friday night .
That is , it 's simply unthinkable .
But if you do n't want to take my word for it , check out this rave review of the whole first season from the LA Times :
' Spectacle : Elvis Costello with . . . ' hits a high note
So , people , if you have n't yet , it 's time to start watching :
The show airs numerous times throughout the week on the Sundance Channel in the U.S.
Or , in Canada , it 's on Friday nights at 10:00 p.m. on CTV and / or Saturdays at 8 p.m. ET /5 p.m. PT and Sundays at 6 p.m. ET /3 p.m. PT on Bravo .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Sunday , June 14th , 2009
Read my original rave here : Attention All Music Fans !
The Best Talk Show Ever : " Spectacle : Elvis Costello with ... "
Or check out this other recent music rave : Dylan 's Tell Tale Signs : The $ 175 Third ( Disc ) Rave
And if you 're a fan of The Bob then make sure to check this out :
The 25 Greatest Dylan Songs of The Past 20 Years
To see my picks for the best music of 2008 click here : The Best 20 Albums and 50 Songs of 2008 : Dylan Tops Both Lists
Or if you happen to be a Neil Young fan try this : The Neil Young Rave : A Film , Two Albums and Incarnations For Everyone
And for much more on all things Dylan click here : The Bob ( as in Dylan )
Or for more on other artists and albums click here : Music Homepage
Or here : Music : Album and Concert Raves
When I call my voice mail , I have to call collect .
The IRS recently sent me a letter regarding this year ’s tax filing that said : “ Do n’t bother . ”
I now have vultures following me on Twitter .
When a panhandler asked if I could spare some change , I asked him if he had an easy - payment plan .
I do n’t have enough cents to finish this sentence …
The lower - class revoked my membership for not keeping up with my dues .
Both the Democratic and Republican Parties removed me from their donor mailing lists .
To improve his station in life , my cat ran away to the Humane Society .
I asked Congress for a bailout so I can help pay for my bankruptcy filing .
I ’ve resurrected my Ramen noodles ’ recipe book from my early college daze .
That I e-mailed the Obama Administration asking them if they could spare some change I can believe in .
WordPress has threatened to foreclose my free blog .
Now ’s your chance , Dear Reader , to say something funny by adding your two cents ( no I Owe Yous , please ; I ’m broke enough as it is ) in the COMMENTS section below .
Former Arkansas governor and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee ( R ) on Tuesday lit into the National Republican Senatorial Committee ( NRSC ) for endorsing Gov. Charlie Crist over another Republican in Florida ’s open Senate race .
Huckabee announced his official support for former state House Speaker Marco Rubio ( R ) in a video Tuesday .
In an interview with The Hill , he criticized the NRSC for turning its back on a true conservative .
“ I ’m disgusted that they would take a position in a hotly contested race when you have a quality candidate like Marco Rubio , who was the youngest Speaker in the Florida House , ” Huckabee said .
“ This is not just some nameless , faceless guy that decided to throw his name in , who had no chance and no credibility . ”
He continued : “ I thought that their endorsement not only was premature , but was outrageous .
And they ought to get behind the guy who would do a whole lot more , in my mind , to unite and fire up Republicans , and that ’s Marco Rubio . ”
...
“ The establishment Republicans have made this endorsement for the same reason that they ’re in so much trouble , ” Huckabee said .
“ They go out there and support stuff like TARP bills and stimulus packages , pork - barrel spending and huge debt , and they wring their hands and act like , ' This is not good , but we do n’t have a choice . ' "
Mainstream conservatives are pretty far right these days .
When people whose world views are even more reactionary than Mussolini's and Otto Von Bismarck 's are the " mainstream , " you have to start wondering what the lunatic fringe is going to come up with .
Look no further than the far right 's fave for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate seat in Florida , Marco Rubio .
While Lindsey Graham was pursing her lips , stomping her feet and exhorting Obama to hiss more ominously at the Iranians -- who were simultaneously praying to their gods and saints and holy black rocks that Obama would hiss more ominously at them -- Rubio , as I mentioned Monday , was in a twittery fantasy about gun battles in the streets of Tehran .
Already kicking Charlie Crist 's butt in county GOP straw polls , Rubio is definitely rising while Crist looks like some patsy of the Insider Establishment .
Yesterday Huckabee not only endorsed his old friend Rubio , he savaged the Insider Establishment , joining the Senate 's most radical right member , Jim DeMint , is the anti-Crist camp .
Watch Huck making Rubio seem like a normal person by blabbling out a batch of tired , failed right - wing talking point :
Huckabee forgot to mention that extremists like Rubio can win Republican primaries but can't win statewide general elections unless they 're in places like Utah , Idaho or South Carolina .
And he forgot to mention that the NRSC begged Crist to run from the moment Mel Martinez realized he would lose the seat if he sought re-election .
Crist made his decision conditional on backing from the NRSC and the Party Establishment .
Now the lunatic fringe of the GOP -- the Huckabees and DeMints -- are throwing a wrench into the works .
And at the rate things are going -- with all the momentum on Rubio 's side -- it 's starting to look like Crist will actually lose the primary , allowing a joke of a third - rate Democrat to slip into the Senate seat .
Rubio is demanding a series of 10 debates , something that would certainly seal Crist 's fate and end his career .
He 's way too slippery to accept , of course .
Florida 's most radical right member of Congress , Jeff Miller , turned against the Florida insider Establishment , against Beltway Insiders as well , to endorse Marco Rubio .
Add him to the rapidly growing list of anti-Crists !
Labels : Charlie Crist , crazy extremists , Florida , Mike Huckabee , Rubio , Senate 2010
Nikon and Canon—eternally locked in battle — do each other good by keeping product quality neck and neck .
But in the newest entry - level DSLR shootout , if there has to be a winner , it 's Canon 's Rebel T1i .
Advertisement
I 'm not trying to be all namby pamby , like " Oh , you 're each so special in your own ways , it 's so hard to choose ! " but I can't stress enough how solid both the Nikon D5000 and the Canon Rebel T1i are .
For the price — $ 850 for the D5000 , $ 900 for the T1i , both including beginner - level 18 - 55 mm lenses — either one will work fine , whether you 're a beginner looking to learn about photography , or a veteran with investment in a few lenses but not enough cash for a step - up Nikon D90 or D700 , or a Canon 5D Mark II .
( I highlighted their spec differences here . )
Advertisement
In fact , the differences between the D5000 and the T1i tend to be more about button layout and interface design than picture - taking ability .
If you basically know what you 're doing , you can take essentially the same picture with either camera , except in certain situations mentioned below .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Handling
Like I said , there are differences in interface .
Unlike fancier DSLRs , both have single dials on the right - hand side , and both have just one large full - color LCD screen for managing settings , setting up shots and reviewing them later .
The Canon's is a little bigger with a lot more resolution , which makes a big benefit when you 're shooting video or focusing in Live View , but is otherwise irrelevant .
In interface design , however , the better design goes to Nikon .
As you can see below , the organization of information on the screen is much more palatable and less arbitrary .
Nikon users who are used to having the second LCD screen up top for basic info — plus specialized buttons — can quickly learn a new behavior , getting all information on the big LCD , using the " i " info button for making most quick setting tweaks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Canon interface is similar to previous Rebels , and is pretty durn fugly , and the extra buttons only help in some cases where they are clearly labeled .
( And even when the buttons are clearly labeled , there are some hidden functions — hitting the ISO button while shooting video will lock the auto exposure , for instance . )
Advertisement
Automatic Modes
I tested each camera both in full - manual mode and on some of the automatic modes .
I 've heard from a lot of uppity photographers who do n't like people discussing auto shooting , perhaps as a way of trumpeting their own apparently stellar knowledge of the workings of photography .
But it 's important to remember that these sub -$ 1000 cameras are aimed at untrained entry - level shooters , and many of those people tell me that they almost always leave it in auto .
In this case , Nikon has six auto modes , plus a SCENE setting with like 14 different options , in each case including a photo .
The Canon is shy on this point , with just five presets .
The scene modes are helpful to newbies who can't translate what they see into camera settings .
Still , anyone who buys a camera like this should do so with the intent to learn manual settings , and may benefit more from just taking 100 shots in each setting , like I do , changing settings all along .
Advertisement
What I did find is that even in semi-automatic modes , the Canon and Nikon were more different than better .
For instance , when I set the White Balance on Cloudy , both got the white more or less right , but the Canon tended to look more pink , while the Nikon was more green , as you can see :
Advertisement
ISO Noise
Everybody bitches about how more megapixels do n't matter and that optics determine picture quality more than anything , and they 're right .
But sensors still matter , especially when shooting in low light — which you do by jacking up the ISO .
As you can see below , while both cameras handle relatively noise - free shooting at ISO 800 , they both start to get noisy by 1600 , and at 3200 they are both noisier still .
But the Canon is less noisy in this case .
Advertisement
It stands to point out that I shot this with both cameras on the default " normal " aka " basic " noise - reduction settings .
Both cameras let you jack up noise reduction more , or take it off entirely , but in each case , you probably have to consult the manual to learn how , hence me testing on the default settings .
Advertisement
Live View
Live View was last year 's ace in the hole , something first championed by Sony and Olympus , which Canon then took and ran with , followed , only recently , by Nikon .
Now everybody 's got it , and it 's okay , but it 's not great , and it 's certainly not the preferred shooting mode for either of these cameras .
The problem is , when you have a live picture on your LCD , the typical auto - focus mechanism does n't work , because the mirror inside the camera is lifted up , exposing the optical sensor .
Advertisement
Canon and Nikon have different ways of handling this .
Canon says " screw it " and drops the mirror for a split second , letting the camera use its normal AF sensor and getting a nice tight focus .
The Nikon , from what I 've seen in my testing , ca n't do this .
Instead it uses secondary auto - focus techniques that are annoyingly slow .
The fact that the Nikon has a flip - out " vari- angle " LCD to make Live View more useful is actually silly — by having to wait for the damn thing to autofocus , and by not guaranteeing as good an autofocus , you lose any advantage you 'd have by watching this happening in the LCD .
I think the mirror - drop technique used by Canon and the vari-angle LCD would be a good combination , however , and my guess is , Nikon is exploring this even now .
Advertisement
Video
This year 's killer upgrade is video , specifically , high - definition video .
The Nikon D5000 has 720p at 24 frames per second ; Canon 's T1i shoots 1080 p at up to 20 fps .
The question is , will you use it ?
I said it before and I 'll say it again : Shooting higher - res video with larger sensors and big honkin ' lenses is awesome .
They wide - aspect shots have a cinematic quality , and make better use of light in the room for a more natural feel .
Advertisement
BUT —yes , big ole " but " — the fact that autofocus is pretty borked when you 're shooting videos means you get naturally lit cinematically scoped blurry videos , unless you and your subject remain perfectly still .
Like with standard Live View , Nikon and Canon take different approaches .
Nikon says " no AF during shooting whatsoever , " meaning you focus first , then hit record , then , if you have to , start manually refocusing as your toddler , cat or ginormous model rocket starts to make its move .
Having lived with the D90 for a while , I want to say I got good at manually focusing , but I did not .
Advertisement
As is the case with Canon 's 5D Mark II , the T1i does let you autofocus during shooting , but it 's not the nice instant refocus you get while shooting stills .
It 's the wiggy servo-noisy zoom - zoom - zoom - zoom kind of contrast - based AF that takes too long .
So while you 're shooting , you not only see the auto re-focusing in action , but you hear it too .
While Canon 's noisy AF is by far the better option of the two for shooting videos , Canon does something in the T1i that might piss off serious photographers :
It disables shutter , aperture and ISO controls for video shooting .
It 's full auto , unlike the Nikon D5000 , which , like the D90 , gives you a certain degree of camera control while shooting video .
While the Nikon lets you choose your ISO for instance , the Canon actually varies ISO settings along with auto exposure every time your video 's lighting changes dramatically .
I personally do n't miss it — and in my experience , Canon does a slightly better job of getting automatic settings like WB right , and is a more trustworthy camcorder maker in general — but you might miss the control .
Advertisement
One overlooked benefit to the Canon is that you can take still shots while shooting video , without interrupting the video itself .
You just get a momentary freezeframe , and the recording continues .
On the Nikon , when you shoot video , you can take a still pic , but the video recording stops when you do .
In the End
So , why did I pick the Canon by a nose ?
Mainly the video and the better Live View focus technique , as well as the slightly better high - ISO performance .
When I chatted with NYT's David Pogue about his rave review of Panasonic 's Lumix GH1 — a far better camcorder than either of these because of its quiet lens and full - fledged autofocus — he told me that this kind of half - baked AF makes the video on these cameras a mere " parlor stunt . "
I reprint his comment because I agree with him for the most part .
Advertisement
Still , as someone who enjoyed the Nikon D90 video mode , half - baked as it is , I look forward to extended testing of the T1i , shooting video whenever I can .
Because in the YouTube era , we 're not looking to go remake Dr. Zhivago .
I for one just want something to record a quick vid of my kid doing something hilarious ( which her mom wo n't let me post on Giz ) .
What I find is that the best video camera is the one built into the still camera I already use .
And that 's why , parlor stunt or not , DSLR video is going to be important from here on out .
Here 's hoping both Nikon and Canon keep working to make them better .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Summary
Nikon D5000
Advertisement
Great all - around entry - level DSLR camera
Advertisement
Well - designed user interface ; more friendly to beginner photographers
Advertisement
Vari-angle LCD rendered less effective by slow auto - focus in Live View
Advertisement
Ca n't autofocus during video shooting
Advertisement
High ISO settings have more noise
Canon T1i
Advertisement
Great all - around entry - level DSLR camera
Advertisement
Live View autofocus technique is fast and effective , and you can also auto - focus while shooting video
Advertisement
Less noise at high ISO , better automatic - shooting results
Advertisement
Interface can be confusing to new photographers
Advertisement
Autofocus in video mode is noisy ( as in " audibly annoying " ) and slow , so it 's a better perk than the Nikon but not a hands - down win
Product Pages :
Nikon D5000
Canon EOS Rebel T1i
Decorating eggs is a custom that dates back before what we know as Easter was ever celebrated .
Eggs are a symbol of spring , renewal , and fertility for many cultures .
And sometimes they are works of art .
1. Pysanky Eggs
Pysanky eggs are an example of Ukrainian folk art .
They are decorated in nature motifs using a batik method .
The designs are drawn in negative with wax , and colors are built up using successive dye immersions .
The wax design is changed as different colors of dye are used .
The results can be quite elaborate .
Here 's a tutorial on making Pysanky eggs .
( image credit : Luba Petrusha )
2. Carved Emu Eggs
Emu eggs can be carved to reveal layers of color .
The eggs have shells that are dark on the outside , and have successively lighter layers inside .
Gary LeMaster carves intricate scenes on emu eggs , like this panda .
There are several different methods of carving reliefs on emu eggs ; here are instructions for one .
More beautiful eggs , after the jump .
3. FabergÃ© Eggs
In 1885 , Tsar Alexander II of Russia commissioned Jeweler Carl FabergÃ© to produce an Easter egg as a special surprise for his wife .
The gold and jewel - encrusted egg opened to reveal layers of golden figures , each inside another , like matryoshka nesting dolls .
Empress Maria was so delighted with the gift that the Tsar wanted another egg every year .
Tsar Nicholas II c ontinued the tradition after his father died .
FabergÃ© produced beautiful eggs until the revolution in 1917 .
There were only 69 FabergÃ© eggs made , fifty of which went to the Tsar 's family .
61 of the eggs are accounted for today .
You can find pictures and information on individual eggs at Mieks FabergÃ© Eggs .
People often use the term " FabergÃ© egg "  to refer to reproductions or FabergÃ© - style eggs .
Although FabergÃ© did n't use real eggs , and you probably can't use gold and gemstones in yours , you can make an elaborate hinged box out of an egg , or decorate them with inexpensive ribbons and beads .
4. Lace Carved Eggs
These goose eggs were hand carved by Jerry Brazil of the Texas Egg Gallery .
The lacy effect highlights the fragility of an empty eggshell .
Here 's how to get started carving eggs .
They warn you from the start , you 'll go through a lot of eggs to learn !
5. Natural Dyes
The simplest way to dye eggs at home is to soak your hard - boiled eggs in a combination of hot water , vinegar , and food coloring .
You can be more elaborate if you like .
A variation on this method is to use natural dyes in place of food coloring .
Beets will make your eggs pink , tumeric will turn them yellow , and somehow red cabbage will dye them blue .
The Herb Society of America has instructions .
6. Marble Eggs
If you want to serve decorated eggs for dinner , try making tea infused marble eggs .
This method infuses the color under the shell , using consumable and possibly delicious dyes .
Here are some other tutorials in techniques for decorating eggs .
As for my family , we will probably dye a few eggs using the simple food coloring method .
But if history is a predictor , we 'll eat most of them before they cool off !
News
Ltd ’s new opinion site , The Punch , has launched and looks set to create some interesting fodder for discussion here at Pure Poison .
Among the launch articles is an attack by South Australian Premier Mike Rann on the civil libertarians who have dared to criticise South Australia ’s outlaw bikie gang legislation , or the more recent [… ]
News
Ltd ’s new opinion site , The Punch , has launched and looks set to create some interesting fodder for discussion here at Pure Poison .
Among the launch articles is an attack by South Australian Premier Mike Rann on the civil libertarians who have dared to criticise South Australia ’s outlaw bikie gang legislation , or the more recent equivalent in New South Wales .
Rann ’s argument is straightforward yet malicious – if you ’re opposed to these laws , you ’re in favour of crime .
Indeed , the title of the article suggests that opponents of Rann ’s legislation are “ Defending the right of bikers to bash , kill , steal , deal ” .
But a sensible person taking a reasonable look at the debate would see that Rann ’s argument is false and misleading .
It appears motivated by a desire to win the political fight rather than win a debate on the issues .
The contrary argument would point out that South Australia already had legislation making it a crime to bash , kill , steal or deal .
If a person is found to be involved in those crimes , police can charge them , the DPP can prosecute them , and the courts can convict and sentence them .
Contrary to Rann ’s suggestion that the debate is about opposing or facilitating crime , it ’s really about whether association is sufficient to restrict a person ’s freedom ( and for an example of how that may lead to problems , a relevant example might be Dr Mohamed Haneef ) .
The approach Rann takes and the rhetoric he uses is not new , and is sadly too common in political argument .
Most recently , it has been used with alarming regularity at the federal level by Senator Stephen Conroy as he has tried to introduce mandatory Internet filtering despite technical and civil libertarian objections .
But if you do n’t support the filtering scheme , Conroy ’s rhetoric suggests you ’re allowing child pornography to be accessible .
Once again , that ’s a furphy – the real story is that Australia has existing laws relating to the production , dissemination and possession of child pornography , and opponents of Conroy ’s filter think it is either an inappropriate or ineffective approach to addressing the problem .
In addition to depicting opponents of his legislation as facilitators of crime , Rann merges into his article a commentary on the legal professionals who represent the bikie groups :
Defence lawyers around the country are making bucket loads of money from their bikie clients .
Lawyers hired by bikies will tell you that my laws wo n’t work , but crime gangs are desperately worried that other States will follow suit . …
I am sure that the bikies will employ a gaggle of lawyers and QCs to fight our new laws , as well as individual cases .
There are a couple of issues here .
One is that the way he switches between discussing bikie lawyers and civil libertarians manages to conflate what are two separate arguments – it begins to read as if all opponents of this legislation have a vested financial interest in arguing against it .
But it also suggests that some people and groups are n’t entitled to use our legal system in the way it has been set up to operate – by employing lawyers to act as advocates in what is , by and large , an adversarial system .
Once again , Rann seems to undermine the capacity for fair , free and full debate as a way of winning the political and rhetorical fight .
Rann ’s approach , like Conroy ’s , attempts to shift the argument from being an examination of the issues to one that is driven by emotion and stigma .
The aim appears to be to attach a negative valence to the term “ civil libertarian ” – so that one of these days it might elicit a similar reaction to “ people smuggler ” or , as some conservative commentators and politicians seem to think , “ Whitlam staffer ” .
It ’s an approach that should have no place in the serious discussion of public policy , but it seems to be far too appealing – and , perhaps , effective – a political tactic for Mike Rann and others to pass up .
( Visited 26 times , 1 visits today )
This blog has been collecting dust for several months now .
Not because I have n’t been doing anything , quite the opposite .
I ’ve been spending all my free time hacking on a little programming language project : Magpie .
Yesterday , I finally put it online where people can get to it .
Feel free to have a look , although it ’s got a good ways to go before I ’d describe it as really useful .
I hate “ general announcement ” blog posts , especially on my blog because it ’s not like people read this just to find out what I ’m doing , so to try to make this at least a little bit interesting , here ’s some stupid Magpie tricks : things that are doable or easy in Magpie that can be a pain in other languages .
Constructor Function References
In Magpie , almost everything is a function , including constructors .
Since it does n’t have an explicit new keyword , you can pass around a reference to a constructor like you can any other function .
// define a type struct Point X Int Y Int end Main ( -> ) // pass the constructor to a function TakeRef fn Point ( Int , Int ) end TakeRef ( func fn ( Int , Int -> Point ) ) // call the ref def point <- func ( 1 , 2 ) Print ( point .
X . String + " , " + point .
Y . String )
end
Try that C# and C ++!
Tupled Arguments
Functions in Magpie always take a single argument .
To pass in multiple arguments , you use a tuple .
Syntactically , it looks the same as other languages , but does have an interesting side - effect : you can treat the entire batch of arguments as a single value to be played with :
// define a function that takes three args Sum ( a Int , b Int , c Int ->
Int ) a + b + c Main ( -> ) // calling it looks pretty normal ... def a <- Sum ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) // but you can also do this def arg1 <- ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) def sum1 <- Sum arg1 Print sum1 .
String // or this def arg2 <- GetArgs def sum2 <- Sum arg2 Print sum2 .
String end // this function returns a tuple GetArgs ( -> ( Int , Int , Int ) ) ( 4 , 5 , 6 )
Is That It ?
I know , I know .
Not exactly mind - blowing .
There ’s still lots of work for me to do on the language , but it ’s getting there .
At the very least , there ’s a pretty readable hand - coded lexer and LL parser in there .
Ask most energy analysts how to cut US petroleum usage , and they 'll point to Europe , where gasoline costs more than double the price in the States .
For decades , European countries have taxed gasoline heavily , and the laws of economics work : Consumption per capita is much lower .
Now Ford Motor Co. chairman Bill Ford -- that 's his name on the company door -- has come out and said it :
To cut gas usage , it has to cost more .
A lot more , like 70 percent or more .
Maybe $ 3.50 a gallon .
In a little - noticed interview with Britain 's Financial Times , Ford declined to choose between a carbon cap - and - trade system , as proposed by the Obama Administration , and direct taxes to raise the price of gasoline to consumers .
Money quote : “ We clearly need – whether it ’s a gasoline tax or cap and trade , it ’s something we do need because with gasoline at $ 2 [ a gallon ] , customer behaviour is not driving in the direction that the government would like . "
As the Financial Times puts it , with British understatement , " His comments mark a clear break with the rest of the US auto industry in the depths of a financial crisis that has sapped Detroit 's ability to fund a new generation of electric vehicles , hybrids , and other more fuel - efficient models . "
But Ford is far from the only powerful auto - industry voice to advocate for higher gas taxes .
Over the past year , he 's been joined by :
Alan Mulally , CEO of Ford Motor Company , who has quietly advocated it to diverse audiences of policy makers several times in the last two years .
He has also acknowledged , however , that politicians very , very rarely want to go on record voting to raise their constituents ’ taxes .
Mike Jackson , CEO of mega - dealer AutoNation , who told it forcefully and directly to a conference hall packed with auto dealers at their national convention .
This one sentence says it all : " Cheap gasoline combined with fuel efficiency mandated by the government is an economic disaster for America . ”
Tom Walsh , Detroit Free Press columnist , who writes , “ We 'll know [ Obama is serious about energy policy ] when he spends a barrelful of political capital from his ample reservoir to get behind a fuel tax hike that will add $ 2 to $ 3 to the price of a gallon of gasoline , over time , in the United States . ”
With the changing of the guard in Washington , do Americans still view taxes as instruments of repression , government theft , and the moral equivalent of bestiality ?
We 'll learn more when the current administration unveils its long - term energy policy , probably within the next year .
Who Put Our Oil Under Their Sand ?
[ SOURCE : Financial Times ; POSTER : Orange County Peace Coalition ]
Lenovo officially announces , the first , to release the IdeaPad S12 Netbook featuring Nvidia ION Platform .
After the great success of Acer ’s Nettop , lenovo now announces to be the first to use Nvidia ION platform in the netbook .
This will indeed be a revolutionary step towards low powered , portable , yet high performance netbooks .
The first release , expected to come in market in July or August , 2009 will have the following features :
Intel Atom N270 , 1.6 GHz
NVIDIA ION chipset
12 ″ Display
Price : Under $ 600
Nvidia ION chipset , offer a very unique graphics core that is a lot better than Intel 945G and other netbooks int he market , which will make this model of netbook more powerful and efficient .
The laptop is expected to be thin and light weight and capable of supporting games .
With revolutionary ION chipset , it was clear to all that only high speed processor is not enough for performance computing , but you need everything in harmony to make it a cheap yet performance machine , hence this netbook will one of its kind , i.e. offering the laptop performance in a netbook size .
NVIDIA ’s success was clear after the release of ION platform , then acer adopted it in nettop and now it ’s Lenovo to embed it in their netbook .
NVIDIA ’s monoply is back in the market .
Moreover , the netbook will be available in different colors and design for all kind of users .
Update : Check it on NVIDIA ’s Latest News
Taking Pictures of Public Property Does Not Justify a Suspicion of Terrorism
After 9/11 , some overzealous protectors of the homeland 's security began to suspect anyone who pointed a camera at a public building , a bridge , or a railroad yard of plotting a terrorist attack .
One of the most unlikely terrorist suspects was 55 - year - old Shirley Scheier , a fine arts professor at the University of Washington who was frisked , handcuffed , and aggressively interrogated while being detained in the back of a squad car for more than half an hour -- all because she took pictures of electrical power lines for use in an academic project .
With the ACLU 's help , Scheier sued the City of Snohomish 's police officers for violating her Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures .
The city 's insurer argued that the officers entertained a reasonable suspicion that Scheier was up to no good because she left quickly after the electrical substation 's security provider approached her ( who would n't ? ) and because she had maps in her car ( who does n't ? ) .
U.S. District Court Judge John Coughenour disagreed .
[ more ...]
Time Warner Cable spent much of April pushing scary statistics about internet hogs , futilely attempting to convince the press and its eight million broadband customers that downloading was killing the company 's bottom line and would lead to internet Armageddon if its current buffet - style plan was not replaced with a pay - by - the - byte model .
But , on Wednesday , the company released financial results ( . pdf ) that put the lie to the company 's campaign , showing that TWC's own broadband bill fell nearly 20 percent when comparing the first quarter of 2009 to 2008 .
That 's the same time period that the company direly warned about , claiming its users were using 40 percent more broadband than the year before .
In fact , the company 's costs to provide that high - speed data fell 18 percent from $ 40 million to $ 33 million , even as the number of subscribers jumped from 7.9 million to 8.6 million .
As for revenue , that went up 11 percent , from $ 994 million to $ 1.1 billion .
But surely , profit fell due to those pesky YouTube watchers ?
No , the company , which also offers voice and cable television services , posted a net profit of $ 164 million for the quarter , down from 2008 first quarter revenue of $ 242 million .
The company attributed the decline mostly to restructuring costs relate to being spun off from Time Warner in March .
That 's right .
Time Warner Cable pulled in over a billion in revenues from broadband subscribers in the first quarter , while spending less than $ 35 million to transport the bits .
That $ 35 million also includes at least some customer care support costs , as well .
That 's because bandwidth — especially across the internet 's backbone — is still getting cheaper , even as usage grows .
That 's almost the exact same picture Wired.com found earlier this month when it compared TWC 's 2008 and 2009 annual reports .
Today , Time Warner Cable Chief Executive Officer Glenn Britt told ( .pdf ) investors , " Cable is a very good business , and our operations are strong and growing despite a challenging economy .
We continue to generate very healthy free cash flow which will enable us to reduce debt over the next year . "
That 's far from what they had to say in defense of their tiered pricing trials .
Internet demand is rising at a rate that could outpace capacity within a few years .
According to industry analysts , the infrastructure may not be able to accommodate the explosion of online content by 2012 .
This could result in Internet brownouts .
It will take a lot of money to fix the problem .
Rather than raising prices on all customers or limiting usage , we think the fairest approach is to move to a tiered model in which users pay more if they use more .[...]
We have increasing variable costs and we have to continue to invest in the network itself . [...]
If we do n’t act , consumers ’ Internet experience will suffer .
Sitting still is not an option .
And still , TWC gets angry when its customers and critics argue that the company is discouraging heavy internet usage in order to protect its traditional cable television revenues .
In response to political pressure , Time Warner Cable temporarily shelved its trials of the pricing program on April 16 " while the customer education process continues , " but making it clear they would try again once they had a better PR strategy .
One suspects that education wo n't include any mention of these numbers , either .
See Also :
If a picture is worth a thousand words , an example is worth a thousand explanations !
In Chess Sacrifices as Chess Tactics :
Think before you leap ! , we have told you what considerations may come for making a chess sacrifice and the first one was to threaten checkmate of the enemy King .
Let us see from master games some examples of chess attacks with sacrifice to achieve this objective .
For your learning exercise , I suggest that you try to find out the move by observing the diagram position before looking at the actual play given below the diagram .
You at least know ( the opponent player was less fortunate ! ) that a sacrifice is coming in a move or two !
Here is a position after 22 moves , taken from Reti-Bogolyubov game played in 1924 ( with White to move next , making preparation for a sacrifice ! ) :
Except that White ’s Queen and Bishop are more actively poised compared to their counterparts , the position at first glance does not look bad for Black .
But see what lies beneath by going through the subsequent moves .
23 . Rf1 Rd8 Alternatively , 23 . … Qe7 24 . Bf7 + Kh8 25 .
Bd5 which threatens 26 .
Qxf8 + while preventing 25 . … Rd8
If now 25 . … Qf6 then 26 .
Qc8 and Black ’s position is hopeless !
24 . Bf7 + Kh8 25 .
Be8 Resigns Offer of Bishop sacrifice by White to get checkmate !
If 25 . … Rxe8 then 26 .
Qxf8 + Rxf8 27 . Rxf8 #
If 25 . … Bxc5 + then 26 .
Qxc5 Rxe8 27 .
Qf8 + Rxf8 28 .
Rxf8 #
If 25 . … h6 then 26 .
Qxf8 + Kh7 27 .
Bg6 + Kxg6 28 .
Qf5 #
In the last example , you saw a Bishop sacrifice to get a checkmate threat .
In the following position taken after 16 moves from a 1934 game between Monticelli and Fine , you will see a Rook sacrifice to get a checkmate .
as played by Black on his next move .
You can see that except for KR , all other Black pieces are ready to attack White King ’s position whereas
White ’s pieces are only playing a defensive role .
If you remember the objectives of a chess sacrifice , using it to start an attack after enough accumulation of power to sustain it could also be applicable here .
In the position shown , if 17 .
Bxb4 then 17 . … Rxd1 + 18 . Qxd1 Nxb3 + 19 . cxb3 Qxb4 with a winning position for Black .
The game proceeded as follows .
17 . Qe3 Rd3 The Rook sacrifice !
18 . cxd3 Nxb3 + 19 . Kc2 Bc5 With 19 .
Kb1 Nxd2+ 20 .
Ka2 Qxe3 ( 20 . Rxd2 Qxe3 21 . Nxe3 Bxd2 ) 21 .
Nxe3 Bxd3 , Black gets a winning advantage .
20 . Qh3 Nd4+ 20 .
Qe1 Nd4 + 21 . Kc1 Qb3 22 . Ne3 Qxd3 leads to mate .
21 . Kc1 Qb3 21 .
Kb1 Qb3 also wins for Black
22 . Ne3 Ne2 + 22 . Ne3 Qxd3 mates in two moves .
23 . Kb1 Bxd3 + 24 . Resigns 24 .
Ka1 ( or Ka2 ) Qxa4 #
In our planned series of article on using chess sacrifice as an attacking chess tactics , we will see examples of how the other objectives described in “ Chess Sacrifices as Chess Tactics :
Think before you leap ! ” were attained in actual play .
Tailoring , tailoring - tailoring .
Take the best suit money can buy , and leave off good tailoring and it'll hang on your body like a cheap suit .
Buy a suit at Target and have it finely tailored ...
... and it'll look fantastic .
It wo n't wear or dryclean great , but it 'll fit you like a champ .
I 'm from the old school of suit wearing , allow me to impart my sage advice . ;)
Advertisement
1 . Find a good local tailor , have 'em measure you .
2 . Try on a few suit coats with said measurement , make sure they hang about right .
Same with slacks .
3. Cuffs are good - contrary to belief they 're never " out " , and they have a functional advantage , they make slacks hang just right .
They keep the pant legs from hanging getting caught in your shoes as well .
4. Dryclean the suit coat * and* the slacks at the same time .
If you wear the suit on Saturday , get some gunk on the slacks , do NOT have just the slacks only cleaned .
Even the best suit can fade a teeny tad with a cleaning , so keep the wear / fading even - clean both at the same time .
5 . A suit that 's not stained does NOT need to be drycleaned after each wearing , or each 5 wearings .
Your under garmets take on the body oil and stink , its not a worry , a suit will last years longer if not over cleaned .
6 . Wear a t shirt - it looks better .
Period .
7 . Make sure your tie meets the middle of your belt , please , please , oh please .
8 . Show some cuff .
Have your tailor cut the suit coat so your Properly long dress shirt shows just a bit .
It looks sharp , and adds contrast to between your suit and hand .
9 . Do n't forget the dress shirt , 100 % cotton ONLY , get them professionally laundered , and get a dry cleaner who knows what heavy starch means .
Ya , I know , it sounds like it 'll be " itchy " , but after wearing the shirt for about 15 minutes its no more " itchy " than light starch .
Ahh , the look of a crisp starched shirt .
You 'll have people ask you how your shirts look so crisp and sharp .
10 . Pit stains ?
Schmit stains !
When you take off your nice dress shirt , hit the pits with some stain stick action , let it sit , it 'll be ok .
Then when you get the shirt laundered the pits will come out nice and clean .
Take about 30 seconds .
11 . Traveling ?
Your dry cleaner has you covered .
Instead of having your shirts on hangers as per usual , request they fold the shirts .
They 'll fold them , use some cardboard like a brand new shirt to save the collar from pressing down , and package it all up in a plastic bag - again just like a new shirt .
That shirt is ready to travel !
12 . Wrinkles ?
Well just hang your suit up .
100 % wool will hang out nicely .
Tough wrinkles ?
Travelling ?
Hang the suit in the bathroom when you shower , the steam will let the wrinkles release .
And , if you have an otherwise clean suit have your drycleaner give it a press before that special event , it just costs a few bucks and your suit will look like it was just cleaned .
Never have a suit that does n't need a cleaning put therugh the rigors of dry-cleaning .
There .
20 years of wearing a suit 5 days a week imparted in 4 minutes .
President Barack Obama suffered a very public rebuff to his plans to green America 's economy today when Republicans in the Senate blocked his choice of overseer for oil and gas exploration .
David Hayes , an environmental lawyer , fell three votes short of the 60 needed for confirmation as the deputy interior secretary .
Hayes had served in the same post when Bill Clinton was president .
It was the first time an Obama nominee has fallen on the Senate floor , in a defeat engineered by Republicans from oil - rich states .
Angry Democrats accused Republicans of using the vote as payback against efforts by the Obama administration to overturn several controversial measures brought in during the final days of Bush 's presidency .
The interior secretary , Ken Salazar , has revoked 77 oil - drilling permits in Utah , awarded under Bush - era regulations that made it easier for oil and gas companies to drill in wilderness areas and near national parks .
" This was a tired vote of bitter obstructionism , " Salazar said in a statement after today 's vote .
" It may be uncomfortable for some to watch us have to clean up mess after mess – from corruption to lawbreaking – that is the previous administration 's legacy at [ the Department of ]
Interior , but to cast a vote against such qualified and fine person is the height of cynicism . "
The Republicans , led by Utah 's Bob Bennett and Alaska 's Lisa Murkowski , rejected the charge .
" The real issue in this matter is the credibility of the Department of Interior , " Bennett told the Senate .
" They say these [ cancelled ] leases are too close to the national parks .
Sixty miles away is not too close . "
Salazar had kept working until the final moments before the vote to try to win round the Republicans , writing personal letters to both Senators .
He told Bennett he would take a second look at his decision to cancel the drilling permits , and promised Murkowski a hearing on her concerns that Obama would be too rigorous in enforcing the endangered species act .
Despite losing the vote , Salazar stood by his decision to revoke the drilling permits .
Hayes , as deputy to Salazar , would have had day - to - day control of the interior department , which oversees public lands in the western states , national parks and management of fish and wildlife .
It was unclear whether Senate Democrats would make a second attempt to get Hayes confirmed in the job .
Three Democrats did not vote today .
Anyone who thinks evolution is for the birds should not be afraid of swine flu .
Because if there 's no such thing as evolution , then there 's no such thing as a new strain of swine flu infecting people .
For the rest of the population , concern is justified .
The rapid evolution of the influenza virus is an example of Nature at her most opportunistic .
Viruses evolve by the same means as humans , plus they use tricks such as stealing genetic code from other viruses .
The strategy is what makes the flu so virulent and often keeps the microbes one step ahead of scientists who would destroy or neutralize them .
Pigs to you
While much of the modern controversy over evolution centers around whether humans evolved from non-human primates ( scientists overwhelmingly agree this is the case ) , some people still try to poke holes in the theory of evolution , one of the most solid theories in science .
In addition to evidence from ancient fossils and modern DNA studies , one of the many lines of evidence supporting evolution is that it can quite simply be seen in action among some species that evolve particularly rapidly , such as fruit flies .
But on no stage does evolution unfold more quickly or with more potentially sickening or lethal consequences for humans than among viruses .
It is , to pass on a scary phrase used among scientists and marketers , viral evolution .
And you could be the star host of this all - too - often deadly show .
The sudden ability of the new swine flu virus to hop from pigs to humans and then to skip from person to person , at least in Mexico , is an excellent example of evolution at work .
" Yes , this is definitely evolution , " said Michael Deem , a bioengineer at Rice University in Texas .
Deem studies how evolution is affected not just by mutations but by the exchange of entire genes and sets of genes .
Viruses , which are basically packets of DNA with a protein coat , are really good at this .
Viruses are also really good at exploiting the fact that we humans cough and sneeze without covering ourselves and generally do n't wash our hands frequently in a day .
" Viruses have evolved to exploit human contact as a way of spreading , " points out Peter Daszak of the Wildlife Trust , whose team 14 months ago predicted just this sort of evolution in an animal flu , coming from Latin America to the United States after evolving to infect people .
David Schaffer , a professor of chemical engineering and bioengineering at the University of California at Berkeley , explains the mechanics of how a flu virus morphs :
" For flu , there are multiple ways that diversity can arise ( the virus has multiple strands of RNA in its genome , and it can mix and swap strands with different flu variants to give rise to fully novel variants … in addition , each strand can individually mutate ) , " Schaffer explained this week .
" Furthermore , in this case , the ' enhanced ' property from the virus ' point of view is the ability to infect humans .
So , this is viral evolution . "
But are they alive ?
One of the little hole - poking exercises used by critics of evolution is to argue that viruses are not alive .
Tell that to the host .
" Viruses may be living or non-living , depending on the definition of life , " Deem explained in an email interview with LiveScience .
" Viruses + the host ( pig or human ) are definitely alive .
So , this for sure is an example of evolution in the living system of the virus + pig + human . "
Schaffer takes a slightly different view :
" Viruses are not alive , in that they do not have the ability to replicate themselves independently , without infecting and relying upon a cell to do so , " Schaffer said .
" That said , biological entities need not be alive in order to evolve . "
And viruses do evolve , swapping new genetic material in and out of their genomes .
That 's why we can have immunity to a virus we 've had in the past , but be wiped out by one our body has never seen before .
The biochemical processes in evolution of a " simpler " biological entity such as a virus are very different from a living organism , Schaffer notes .
" However , broadly speaking evolution still always involves two steps , genetic diversification and selection . "
At the Understanding Evolution Web site , set up by the University of California Museum of Paleontology and the National Center for Science Education , researchers put it this way :
" To evolve by natural selection , all an entity needs is genetic variation , inheritance , selection , and time , all of which viruses have in spades . "
Way sneakier
When humans evolve , the cause is typically random genetic variations that prove beneficial — eventually leading to thumbs for grabbing or brains that process fear impulses more successfully .
Viruses do n't have to count on such long odds .
They steal DNA that they find useful to their success .
" Many viruses can easily incorporate ready - made genes from other viruses into their genomes , " as explained at Understanding Evolution .
" This is a possibility anytime a host is infected with two different viral strains . "
That 's likely what 's happened with swine flu .
" It appears the H1N1 swine flu may be a reassortment of the H ( hemagglutinin ) gene from typical North American pigs with the N ( neuraminidase ) and M ( matrix ) genes from European pigs , " Deems said .
" If so , this new virus is an example of the importance of recombination in evolution .
That is , evolution proceeds not only by small mutations of individual DNA or RNA bases , but also by transmission of large pieces of genetic material from one individual to another . "
And then what ?
Let 's say you have a run -of - the - mill flu that 's normally transmitted between humans but causes only mild symptoms .
Then you also contract a really deadly influenza virus that heretofore was only transmitted between pigs .
The two viruses can get together inside you , swap genes , and now you 're the host of a newly evolved swine flu virus that can infect your whole family , your colleagues at work , some people at the airport you later fly out of who touch the same armrest you held , and then some folks in the country you fly to .
Voila , pandemic !
And it does n't stop there .
Each time another person is infected , the new strain of the virus can grab more genes and mutate further .
So if you came from Mexico and infected people in the United States who might have been packing around a different flu , the U.S. swine flu could be different than the Mexican swine flu .
And that 's why there 's no cure for the flu .
Scientists say it could take six months to develop a vaccine for the new swine flu , and by then , nobody knows what it will have evolved into .
Swine Flu Special Report :
Robert Roy Britt is the Editorial Director of Imaginova .
In this column , The Water Cooler , he looks at what people are talking about in the world of science and beyond .
{{ video = " LS_090428_pandemic " title =
" The Truth about Pandemics " caption = " Dr. Marc Siegel explains why the term pandemic often inspires more fear than it should , how the media plays on fears , and how governments often make wrong and costly moves . "
}}
The study of ancient lake sediment from high altitude lakes in the Andes has revealed for the first time that mercury pollution occurred long before the start of the Industrial Revolution .
University of Alberta Earth and Atmospheric Sciences PhD student Colin Cooke 's results from two seasons of field work in Peru have now provided the first unambiguous records of pre-industrial mercury pollution from anywhere in the world and will be published in the May 18th Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
" The idea that mercury pollution was happening before the industrial revolution has long been hypothesised on the basis of historical records , but never proven , " said Cooke whose research was funded by the National Geographic Society .
Cooke and his team recovered sediment cores from high elevation lakes located around Huancavelica , which is the New World 's largest mercury deposit .
By measuring the amount of mercury preserved in the cores back through time , they were able to reconstruct the history of mercury mining and pollution in the region .
" We found that mercury mining , smelting and emissions go back as far as 1400 BC , " said Cooke .
" More surprisingly , mining appears to have began before the rise of any complex or highly stratified society .
This represents a departure from current thinking , which suggests mining only arose after these societies emerged , " said Cooke .
Initially , mercury pollution was in the form of mine dust , largely resulting from the production of the red pigment vermillion .
" Vermillion is buried with kings and nobles , and was a paint covering gold objects buried with Andean kings and nobles , " said Cooke .
However , following Inca control of the mine in 1450 AD , mercury vapour began to be emitted .
" This change is significant because it means that mercury pollution could be transported over much greater distances , and could have been converted into methylmercury , which is highly toxic , " said Cooke .
" All of these results confirm long - standing questions about the existence and magnitude pre-industrial mercury pollution , and have implications for our understanding of how mining and metallurgy evolved in the Andes , " said Cooke .
Cooke is an interdisciplinary scientist researching human impacts on the environment .
His research combines paleolimnology ( the study of ancient lake sediments ) with the fields of archaeology , and geochemistry .
The research team included Prentiss Balcom from the University of Connecticut ( USA ) , Harald Biester from the University of Braunschweig ( Germany ) , and Alexander Wolfe from the University of Alberta
From HaskellWiki
Generic information
You can apply for an account and a project using the community server .
Once you have an account and / or a project , you upload a Darcs repository as follows .
First , initialize your repository on the server :
$ ssh community .
haskell.org you@haskell : ~$ cd /srv/code/yourproject you@haskell:/srv/code/yourproject$ darcs init
Then , log out and push your repository :
$ darcs push community .
haskell.org:/srv/code/yourproject
Demonstrations
The following demos where held :
* Jutaro , Leksah : the Haskell IDE * Don Stewart , vacuum + adaptive data structures * Tupil.com / chr1s : Real World Web Apps in Haskell * Thorkil Naur , interactive , time - sliced HPC code coverage * David Himmelstrup , the LHC Haskell Compiler .
Projects
If you have a project that you want to work on at the Hackathon , please describe it here .
Since Hackathons are great for teamwork , consider joining one of the projects mentioned below .
If you 're interested in one of these projects , add your name to the list of hackers under that project .
Haskell Platform 1.0
Finish the construction and roll out of the new Haskell Platform
Hackers
dcoutts
dons
Chris Eidhof ( chr1s )
kolmodin
Platform specified , generic unix tarball installer .
Gentoo Linux
Package the haskell platform and put into portage .
Progress :
All libraries and applications are in portage .
GHC - 6.10.2 , haddock - 2.4.2 and parallel - 1.1.0.1 are still masked for testing , other packages are usable with older ghc versions .
kolmodin
Darcs Sprint # 2
Description
The second Darcs Sprint .
Help improve our beloved DVCS !
Add your nick to the list .
Hackers
Reinier Lamers ( tux_rocker )
Eric Kow ( kowey )
Ben Moseley ( benmos )
Ganesh Sittampalam ( Heffalump )
Ian Lynagh ( igloo )
Arjan Boeijink ( arjanb )
Benedikt Schmidt ( beschmi )
Petr Ročkai ( mornfall )
Thorkil Naur ( thorkilnaur )
Grapefruit
Description
Grapefruit is a library for Functional Reactive Programming ( FRP ) with a focus on user interfaces .
FRP makes it possible to implement reactive and interactive systems in a declarative style .
With Grapefruit , user interfaces are described as networks of communicating widgets and windows .
Communication is done via different kinds of signals which describe temporal behavior .
Possible subprojects
graphics support Jeff Heard expressed interest in adapting Hieroglyph to work with Grapefruit .
The classic version of Grapefruit contains quite a bit of OpenGL - based 3D animation stuff which could be ported to the current Grapefruit version .
We should also take a look at RSAGL .
improvements of the UI part and the GTK +- based UI backend
Qt - based UI backend HQK should be used for this .
addition or integration of some kind of physics engine
There is , for example , Hpysics from Roman Cheplyaka ( Feuerbach )
Licensing
Grapefruit is BSD3 - licensed , so all contributions to Grapefruit should be BSD3 - licensed , too .
If you do n’t like this , please discuss this on the Grapefruit mailing list or contact Wolfgang Jeltsch .
Hackers
Wolfgang Jeltsch ( jeltsch )
Fraser Wilson
Roman Cheplyaka ( Feuerbach )
Peter Verswyvelen
Thomas Davie
There is a doodle for planning who is doing what .
Leksah
Description
leksah is an attempt to develop a Haskell IDE in Haskell .
Help adding cool features to this Wannabee IDE , like :
Generate export list
Code Formatter
Infer types
...
Hackers
Jürgen Nicklisch ( jutaro )
Scion
Description
Scion is a library that aims to provide IDE - like functionality on top of the GHC API .
It aims to be front - end agnostic , thus serve as a common middle - layer for various Haskell programming frontends like Emacs , Vim , Yi , Eclipse , etc .
It currently only provides rudimentary functionality , such as loading a project and single - threaded background - typechecking .
Currently , Scion 's only frontend is Emacs , but a Vim frontend is in the underway .
Possible Hackathon projects could be :
* Extend Scion 's capabilities .
For example : cross-refs , jump to source , more type information , show haddock comments
* Add another Scion frontend .
E.g. , hook up Yi or Eclipse with scion
Update ( Sun Dec 13 22:20:03 CET 2009 ) : Vim is supported and scion is that useful that you should n't miss it .
There are still some features lacking which Eclipse etc provide .
You should definitely give it a try !
Hackers
* Thomas Schilling ( nominolo ) * David Waern ( waern )
Type class aliases
Description
Type class aliases is a much wanted extension to Haskell proposed long ago by John Meacham ( John 's website , mailing list ) that has never been implemented yet .
It is time this extension sees the light of day !
GHC will be the target compiler .
Perhaps GHC plugins ( GHC wiki , The Monad Reader 12 ) are of help here ?
Please have a look at the context alias wiki page and extend it if you can .
Ideas
from Martijn van Steenbergen
As a starting point we 'll focus on supporting the following syntax :
class alias FooBar a = ( Foo a , Bar a ) x :: FooBar a => a x = ...
from Wolfgang Jeltsch
A “ class alias ” actually does n’t stand for a class but for a context ( or a part of a context ) .
So it might be better to choose a slightly different syntax :
context Foobar a = ( Foo a , Bar a )
John Meacham proposes the following syntax for class aliases ( context aliases ) with superclass constraints :
class alias Num a = Eq a =>
( Additive a , Multiplicative a )
This is not consistent with the superclass syntax of class declarations .
I think , we should use this syntax :
class alias Eq a =>
Num a = ( Additive a , Multiplicative a )
Or better :
context Eq a =>
Num a = ( Additive a , Multiplicative a )
Hackers
Goals in GHC ( i )
Description
We will attempt to extend GHC ( i ) to give the type ( and possibly context ) of all ' undefined 's in your code , similar to goals in Agda .
Hackers
Sebastiaan Visser
Tom Lokhorst
Erik Hesselink
Rui Barbosa
Progress
We have a working prototype , and integration in GHCi .
Code is available on GitHub [ 1 ] , hackage package will follow soon .
Containers : beyond Data .
Map
Scalable , adaptive persistent container types ( Data. Map , Data.
IntMap ) ,
Don Stewart
Christophe Poucet
Nicolas Pouillard
Summary of approach here : http://cpoucet.wordpress.com/2009/04/18/flattening-datamap/
xmonad
Some new extensions and developers .
Don Stewart
Nicolas Pouillard .
Building a FastCGI interface for Happstack
We 've built a way to run Happstack applications on FastCGI , version 0.1.1 is now on hackage : happstack - fastcgi
Accompanying blogpost : http://blog.tupil.com/running-happstack-applications-with-fastcgi/
Eelco Lempsink
Chris Eidhof
Yi
Speed improvements and perhaps Scion integration .
David Waern
Scion integration : Figured out a design for where store and call callbacks for initializing and closing Scion .
Next step is to figure out how to avoid circular module dependencies .
David Himmelstrup ( Lemmih )
Complexity
I released version 0.1.1 of complexity , a small package to determine the algorithmic complexity of a function .
Roel van Dijk
Numerals
We released version 0.1 of numerals , a package which does various things with numerals for a number of natural languages and numerical systems .
For instance :
> ( cardinal enShort Masculine 42 ) :: Maybe String Just " forty - two "
Bas van Dijk
Roel van Dijk
DocTest
Integrating DocTest with Haddock
Simon Hengel
David Waern and I discussed how we could integrate DocTest with Haddock .
Experiences
Please list projects with which you are familiar .
This way , people know whom to contact for more information or guidance on a particular project .
Guest Blogged by Sibel Edmonds
Last week , 123 Real Change , announced the experimental ' Project Expose MSM ' in hopes of providing readers with specific , documented cases of blackout and / or misinformation in the mainstream media , based on the first - hand experiences of legitimate and credible sources and whistleblowers .
As noted in the announcement , 123 Real Change invites all members of the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition , other active ( covert or overt ) government whistleblowers , and reporters , to publish their experiences in regard to their own first - hand dealings with the media , where their legit disclosures were either intentionally censored / blacked out , tainted , or otherwise met with a betrayal of trust .
Here is the first project report , this one based on my own first - hand documented experience .
In 2003 Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff interviewed me for , and then published a story on the FBI translation program .
His report knowingly omitted crucial facts , directly relevant cases , witness statements and confirmed official reports , while advancing the FBI 's already - discredited point of view ...
Name , title , and / or background :
Name : Sibel Edmonds
Title : Founder & Director of the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition ( NSWBC ) , former FBI Language Specialist .
Background : For my bio click here .
For relevant case background click here .
Name of Publication and / or Editor and / or Reporter :
Publication : Newsweek
Reporter : Michael Isikoff
Editor : Unknown
Description of Disclosure and Significance :
On October 27 , 2003 , Newsweek published ' Lost in Translation , ' an article by Michael Isikoff on the FBI translation program , its problems , and the impact on the post - 9/11 war on terror .
For more than a year prior to the publication of Mr. Isikoff 's article , the following facts had become official and public :
1 . My case was the FBI Translation Division 's first publicly known and officially confirmed whistleblowing case .
At the time that Newsweek published their article , the case had already become public .
It had been filed and was being fought before the courts .
Senate investigations had resulted in official public confirmations , and an FBI Inspector General 's investigation was well on its way .
2 . A joint Senate investigation of the FBI Washington Field Office Translation Division by Senators Grassley ( R ) & Leahy ( D ) , and several press releases and statements by their offices had confirmed security breaches , possible espionage incidents , and severe mismanagement involving the FBI Translation Division .
You can view a few samples of these statements and confirmation by Congress here [ PDF ] , here , here and here .
3 . There were also two separate ongoing investigations into the FBI Translation Division by the Justice Department 's IG .
One investigation [ PDF ] was focused on espionage - related reports in my case , while the other was an audit on the performance of the FBI Language Division requested by Congress .
The IG's ' audit ' had already been released , in August 2003 , before Mr. Isikoff 's article , and here is a very relevant conclusion of the IG 's report [ emphasis added ] :
" Some of the most serious weaknesses still have not been fully remedied and expose the FBI to the risk of serious compromises by other moles . "
4 . Several major news releases and extensive coverage of the FBI Translation Division by the MSM had already occurred .
Examples include : CBS - 60 Minutes segment ' Lost in Translation ' ( from which the title of the Newsweek article by Mr. Isikoff was taken ) and Washington Post articles .
5 . Other witnesses and whistleblowers had come forward to confirm serious issues and problems involving FBI translation management , hiring , and security issues .
Examples include Veteran FBI Counterintelligence Operation Director John M. Cole and Veteran FBI Language Specialist Behrooz Sarshar .
6 . No denial had been issued by either DOJ or the FBI regarding revelations from any of the investigations or the various media reports .
In fact , during the Senate investigation the FBI had confirmed almost all allegations .
One evening , about a week before the publication of Mr. Isikoff 's piece , I met with him , as a source , in the Mayflower Hotel 's lounge area .
I had a witness in the background to observe the meeting .
During the hour - long meeting I provided him with information regarding the FBI Language Division , and gave him names of witnesses and sources who were willing to meet with him and corroborate the information I had given him .
At the time , some of the sources were willing to do so on - the - record : FBI Operations Director John Cole , FBI LS Behrooz Sarshar & Amin Neshati , and certain Senate staff members involved in the investigation of my reports ; while others would have done so ' anonymously ' due to fear of protecting their employment .
I also made his job easier by giving him relevant Congressional , IG , and legal public documents , reports , and references .
Of course all the previous press coverage of these issues , and the case itself , was available to him in any news archive or online .
Back to Mr. Isikoff 's lengthy article - the article did not cite a single fact mentioned above .
The confirmed security problems , possible espionage cases and compromised intelligence , severe problems in hiring and vetting translators , the absence of quality & accuracy control for translation jobs that were produced …
None of them were mentioned .
In fact , as FBI bureaucrats and management had done consistently , the article too blamed all problems on a ' shortage ' of translators .
I know Mr. Isikoff was well aware of the facts and points cited above .
I had given him information , documents and sources that were 100 % relevant and central to his upcoming story .
I am certain he had access to other official documents and statements as well --- all available in public records .
Despite that , Mr. Isikoff 's story instead advanced the FBI 's already - discredited point of view that ; the FBI 's Translation Division 's problems could be summed up as a ' shortage . '
The article completely ignored and omitted established cases , problems , and severe weaknesses in the FBI 's background security check of applicant translators , security measures in preventing espionage and security breaches , and quality control for translated work .
Mr. Isikoff was given the DOJ - IG audit report on the performance of the FBI Language Division .
According to this report , the shortage of translators was not the only or main problem , but that the division was infested with major security problems , systemic difficulties , and an astounding lack of organization .
Yet , he cherry picked the ' shortage ' and completely disregarded and omitted the rest ; the exact same trend and position followed by the FBI itself .
I provided Mr. Isikoff with background information which included Congressional letters and other documents on the Dickerson Case ; a case characterized by Senator Grassley as " a very major internal security breach , and a potential espionage breach . "
In that case , Melek Dickerson was hired , given Top Secret Clearance , and placed in charge of translating sensitive intelligence ( including terrorist targets ) by the bureau , despite her previous membership and employment with organizations that were the targets of FBI investigations , and despite her on - going relationship with individuals who were also the targets of FBI investigations .
Based on confirmations by the FBI and the United States Congress , Ms. Dickerson , in fact , blocked and mistranslated intelligence gathered from these targets .
Here is an IG report / investigation [ PDF ] confirming the Dickerson case .
Mr. Isikoff was also provided with another major case which involved a Pakistani translator at the FBI who was hired and given security clearance , even though her father was a Pakistani retired general who still worked with ISI ( the Pakistani intelligence service ) in DC , the very target of FBI counterintelligence investigations .
John M. Cole , FBI Counterintelligence Operations Manager , was available to provide Mr. Isikoff with details and facts regarding this case and several others , as he had done in 2002 .
I gave Mr. Isikoff names and contact information for other FBI translators who had first - hand information on other cases involving major security breaches and possible espionage at the FBI language units .
One of them , Mr. Behrooz Sarshar , FBI Farsi translator , had first - hand documented information regarding an Iranian translator working for the FBI - New York Field Office who was found to be working for the target (s ) of FBI counterintelligence and criminal investigations .
This translator was providing the FBI targets with tips / information , and was tampering with intelligence in Farsi gathered by the FBI .
The FBI asked this translator to resign and leave quietly .
No criminal investigation and no damage assessment were conducted .
Mr. Isikoff chose not to contact these sources .
On the major security breaches and possible espionage issues , Mr. Isikoff knowingly disregarded not only the confirmed facts on my case , and other witnesses who were available to him on additional cases , he also omitted those established by previous IG reports such as this one ; Congressional reports ; and misreported the ' Robert Hansen case ' as the only known ' flap ' , as follows :
… The FBI can rightly point out that its attention to security has so far avoided any comparable flaps .
" We have n't loosened our standards one bit , " said Margaret Galotta , chief of the FBI 's Language Service Division .
Now , a real reporter would have pressed Ms. Galotta by pointing at facts , at several IG reports , Congressional reports and statements , and established cases such as mine .
But Mr. Isikoff did not .
A real journalist would have given the readers the facts and the entire picture , not the misinformation fed to him by the government .
Again , Mr. Isikoff did not .
Not only did he write / repeat the FBI 's spin and misinformation , he even went further by ' selling ' it to the readers as [ emphasis added ] '… the FBI can rightly point out that its attention to security has so far avoided any comparable flaps . '
At the time , I did n't know who Mr. Isikoff 's editor was ; I still do n't .
Did this editor have anything to do with the ' flavor ' and apparent angle / agenda given to this story ?
Did he have any role in sanitizing and / or removing the well - known and highly relevant cases and related witnesses , documents , facts , and investigations from a story that was focused on the FBI Translation Division , but which failed to detail well - known , and well - detailed allegations that ran contrary to the FBI 's published point of view ?
Was it an editorialdecision at Newsweek to black - out all the current ( at the time ) and established related facts and information from this 1,900 word , three - page story solely focused on the FBI Translation Division ?
I do n't know the answer .
However , I know the following facts :
The DOJ invocation of the State Secrets Privilege ( SSP ) by Attorney General John Ashcroft in my case --- the first case of SSP use / abuse by the Bush Administration --- was never reported by Newsweek at all .
It 's unlikely that was because it was not ' newsworthy ' , since most major publications , including the television news networks , deemed it important enough to at least report .
The DOJ's Retroactive Classification of Congressional investigations , reports , and statements , which was considered by Senator Grassley to be ' gagging the Congress , ' was never reported by Newsweek .
The closure [ PDF ] of the ( Federal District Court ) session to all reporters and the public during the appeal hearing of my case , where I was represented by the ACLU , was also never reported , or mentioned , by Newsweek .
That , despite the fact that a large group of both MSM and alternative media groups had joined in filing a motion challenging the ban on courtroom coverage .
The release of the IG report vindicating the core claims of my case was similarly never covered by Newsweek .
The security breach and possible espionage confirmed by the Senate investigation was never mentioned by Newsweek , even though they certainly seem to have known about it , as they ' borrowed ' their article title from a segment aired by CBS - 60 Minutes ( ' Lost in Translation ' ) , which covered the espionage angle of my case in detail .
Suffice it to say that during the last eight years , throughout many outrageous gag orders , draconian uses of the State Secrets Privilege , Court Closings , Vindicating IG & Congressional Reports , Newsweek has consistently maintained one position : Blackout every fact of this particular case .
You may check it out yourself by searching their archives .
Your search result will come back as ' 0 . '
I would like to know why ; would n't you ?
Response from Isikoff and Newsweek :
We attempted to contact Mr. Isikoff twice .
To our second request he replied via email : Sibel -
sorry .
No comment .
Regards ,
Mike
Tight behavior codes are nothing new on the campuses of religious colleges .
The venerable Moody Bible Institute in Chicago , for instance , asks ( PDF ) that students living on campus not attend " rock concerts , " " alternative concerts , " or " secular concerts , " not attend comedy clubs , and not work on Sunday — but only before 6 pm .
As for Internet restrictions , they are ubiquitous and usually designed to keep students from easily accessing pornography while on campus .
Few schools go as far as Brigham Young , though , which even blocks YouTube out of a desire to help its students live a " chaste and virtuous life . "
But the YouTube ban might be coming to an end .
In early 2007 , a school spokesperson explained the ban to the Associated Press .
" We use the filtering process for two reasons , " said BYU spokeswoman Carri Jenkins at the time .
" First , to protect students from inappropriate material .
The other is because of our limited bandwidth .
That bandwidth is used for academic purposes . "
The school was n't satisfied with YouTube 's content filtering , though it did allow access to other streaming services that it thought better handled the issue .
According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , the school is now reviewing that policy as it sees more use for YouTube .
Carri Jenkins , still a BYU spokesperson , told the publication , " The amount of educational material on YouTube is increasing .
What we 're looking at is the opportunities that are there for material that might be useful on campus and in the classroom . "
BYU is run by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , which now runs its own YouTube channel called " MormonMessages . "
With the church running a channel since August 2008 , it was probably a matter of time before the school reconsidered its ban on YouTube content .
University administrators will make a decision sometime this summer ; if the ban is lifted , students will have the opportunity to see people eat for the Internet this fall .
Whatever happens with YouTube , the school 's honor code remains quite strict .
For instance , obtaining a " beard waiver " requires a student to " visit a BYU Student Health Center doctor by appointment .
The doctor will fax his recommendation .
The student then needs to come to the Honor Code Office to fill out some paperwork and receive the letter allowing the growth of the beard , if approved .
If a yearly beard waiver is granted , a new Student ID will be issued after the beard has been fully grown , and must be renewed every year by repeating the process . "
Also , " mixed gender camping trips " ?
Bad idea .
The Philco Predicta television set , built from 1958 - 1960 , has always been a glorious piece of modern design , but even the contemporary reproductions were n't sufficiently functional to be much more than a fetish object in an already - crowded apartment .
As luck would have it , we recently got the opportunity to transform one into a fully - functional experimental computer console .
Dragged kicking and screaming into the silicon era , this thing has become a truly functional piece of equipment ( ok , and it 's still a fetish object , too ) .
The casemod has been performed with the intention of preserving as much as possible of the aesthetic of the original , while still creating an object that could serve as a day - to - day computer .
The unit was built for a client , to eventually house an experimental computer they 're building , but many of the shots on this page show our testing with a computer we just had sitting around , a 2.8 GHz P4 533 Mhz FSB SiS 651 Chipset motherboard with 1GB of DDR RAM running Windows 2000 .
We delivered the completed machine in late July 2004 .
For other projects we 've done here at Onomy Labs , look here .
Career Centers , like job searches and everything related to job searches , nauseate me .
Morrissey says it best when he croons : “ I was looking for a job , and then I found a job , and heaven knows I ’m miserable now . ”
Still , real life forces one to be practical , or at least it tries , that ’s why I paid a visit to the Toppel Career Center at UM , to prepare myself for a herculean job search , the mother of all job searches .
I was going to get it right finally , even if that meant sacrificing my free time to work for some abstract company with a framed Mission Statement on its walls .
I was going to make my resume golden , waste time doing foolish mock interviews , and have some stranger tell me how I should dress , how I should cut my fingernails before the big interview , and how I should behave when sitting with someone who , according to my gut instinct , I did not want to share my time with , at least not within the work environment .
Clearly , I do not keep my disdain for conventional employment secret .
If anything , I do what I can to show it , to save others from making a mistake .
That ’s why , when the Toppel Career Center Mock Interviewer shook my hand and handed me the Lehman Brother sponsored Resume Guide pictured above , I took it as a sign that I did n’t have to worry about getting a job .
Employer of the year 2006 , 2008 .
What kind of shit is that ?
Did n’t Lehman Brothers go bankrupt in 2008 ?
Did n’t they layoff no less than 10,000 employees in 2008 ?
I ’m just saying .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Mr Sarkozy was speaking at a special session of parliament in Versailles French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spoken out strongly against the wearing of the burka by Muslim women in France .
In a major policy speech , he said the burka - a garment covering women from head to toe - reduced them to servitude and undermined their dignity .
Mr Sarkozy also gave his backing to the establishment of a parliamentary commission to look at whether to ban the wearing of burkas in public .
In 2004 , France banned the Islamic headscarves in its state schools .
' Not welcome ' " We can not accept to have in our country women who are prisoners behind netting , cut off from all social life , deprived of identity , " Mr Sarkozy told a special session of parliament in Versailles .
To raise the subject like this , via a parliamentary committee , is a way of stigmatising Islam and the Muslims of France
Mohammed Moussaoui , French Council for the Muslim Religion
Sarkozy stirs debate " That is not the idea that the French republic has of women 's dignity .
" The burka is not a sign of religion , it is a sign of subservience .
It will not be welcome on the territory of the French republic , " the French president said .
But he stressed that France " must not fight the wrong battle " , saying that " the Muslim religion must be respected as much as other religions " in the country .
A group of a cross-party lawmakers is already calling for a special inquiry into whether Muslim women who wear the burka is undermining French secularism , the BBC's Emma Jane Kirby in Paris says .
The lawmakers also want to examine whether women who wear the veil are doing so voluntarily or are being forced to cover themselves , our correspondent says .
Mr Sarkozy 's speech was the first a French president has made to parliament since the 19th century - made possible by a constitutional amendment he introduced last year .
Later on Monday , Mr Sarkozy was expected to meet the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifah al - Thani .
Find out about different styles of Muslim headscarf
In graphics
In 2004 , France banned the Islamic headscarf and other conspicuous religious symbols from public schools , triggering heated debate in the country and abroad .
Members of the French government have been divided over the issue .
The immigration minister , Eric Besson , has said a full ban will only " create tensions " while the junior minister for human rights , Rama Yade , said she would accept a ban if it was aimed at protecting women forced to wear the burka .
France 's official Muslim council has criticised the debate .
" To raise the subject like this , via a parliamentary committee , is a way of stigmatising Islam and the Muslims of France , " said Mohammed Moussaoui , head of the French Council for the Muslim Religion .
France is home to about five million Muslims .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The makers of what is arguably Australia 's most identifiable food may be American , but they are well aware of the danger of tampering with a national icon .
Which is why the people at Kraft Foods took the advice of more than 300,000 Australians before they meddled with Vegemite .
Kraft is today launching the first new version of Vegemite in 85 years .
Credit : Michele Mossop .
The result of those consultations , and nine months of tinkering with ingredients , is the first variation in 85 years on an astonishingly successful theme .
Kraft launched a new version of Vegemite today - and it did so with a certain amount of respectful trepidation , insisting that the product as " the new Vegemite experience " .
Boston Police Zombie Defense
Good news ( if you live in Boston ) .
The Boston PD are totally ready to let the public know at a moment 's notice if there 's a zombie attack .
Whoa .
Imagine the cool opium den you ’d have with these babies on the wall .
And imagine if they were black light posters … fuuuuck .
No , A.C. Camargo cancer hospital in SÃ¤o Paulo , Brazil .
These ads do n’t make me sick .
They make me nice and calm .
I ca n’t stop staring at them .
And what ’s that ’s image in the right one ?
A cobra ?
Actually , they ’re both starting to look like cobras .
Swaying , hypnotic love cobras .
This trippy campaign is by JWT in SÃ¤o Paulo .
Brazilian art directors create the coolest anti-smoking ads , do n’t they ?
They may not do anything to deter smoking , but they look great in portfolios .
OK , I ’m putting on some Cornershop and turning off the office lights .
See you tomorrow .
|images : bestadsontv|
Late in April 1977 , The Philadelphia Inquirer published a four - part series called The Homicide Files , which told how the Philadelphia homicide detectives were using beatings and other forms of coercion to force " confessions " and other statements from suspects and witnesses .
The series , which has since been reprinted in a brochure similar to this one , prompted many citizens to come to The Inquirer with accounts of illegal violence by policemen .
Reporters Jonathan Neumann and William K. Marimow , authors of The Homicide Files , decided to expand their investigation beyond the question of homicide interrogations .
The result has been a number of vivid , carefully documented case studies of street violence by police officers .
This booklet contains a sample of these articles from the late spring and summer of 1977 .
It also includes The Inquirer 's editorials on illegal police violence , as well as news stories on the resolution of the Santiago firebombing case , in which illegal police methods led to the conviction of an innocent man for five murders .
Followup to : Why Our Kind Can't Cooperate , Cultish Countercultishness
I used to be a lot more worried that I was a cult leader before I started reading Hacker News .
( WARNING :
Do not click that link if you do not want another addictive Internet habit . )
From time to time , on a mailing list or IRC channel or blog which I ran , someone would start talking about " cults " and " echo chambers " and " coteries " .
And it was a scary accusation , because no matter what kind of epistemic hygeine I try to practice myself , I can't look into other people 's minds .
I do n't know if my long - time readers are agreeing with me because I 'm making sense , or because I 've developed creepy mind - control powers .
My readers are drawn from the nonconformist crowd — the atheist / libertarian / technophile / sf - reader / Silicon - Valley / early - adopter cluster — and so they certainly would n't admit to worshipping me even if they were .
And then I ran into Hacker News , where accusations in exactly the same tone were aimed at the site owner , Paul Graham .
Hold on .
Paul Graham gets the same flak I do ?
Paul Graham has written a word or two about rationality ... in a much more matter - of - fact style .
Paul Graham does not ask his readers for donations .
He is independently wealthy .
Paul Graham is not dabbling in mad- science - grade AI .
He runs Y Combinator , a seed - stage venture fund .
Paul Graham is not trying to save the world .
He 's trying to help a new generation of entrepreneurs .
I 've never heard of Paul Graham saying or doing a single thing that smacks of cultishness .
Not one .
He just wrote some great essays ( that appeal especially to the nonconformist crowd ) , and started an online forum where some people who liked those essays hang out ( among others who just wandered into that corner of the Internet ) .
So when I read someone :
Comparing the long hours worked by Y Combinator startup founders to the sleep - deprivation tactic used in cults ;
Claiming that founders were asked to move to the Bay Area startup hub as a cult tactic of separation from friends and family ;
... well , that outright broke my suspension of disbelief .
Something is going on here which has more to do with the behavior of nonconformists in packs than whether or not you can make a plausible case for cultishness or even cultishness risk factors .
But there are aspects of this phenomenon that I do n't understand , because I 'm not feeling what they 're feeling .
Behold the following , which is my true opinion :
" Gödel , Escher , Bach " by Douglas R. Hofstadter is the most awesome book that I have ever read .
If there is one book that emphasizes the tragedy of Death , it is this book , because it 's terrible that so many people have died without reading it .
I know people who would never say anything like that , or even think it : admiring anything that much would mean they 'd joined a cult ( note : Hofstadter does not have a cult ) .
And I 'm pretty sure that this negative reaction to strong admiration is what 's going on with Paul Graham and his essays , and I begin to suspect that not a single thing more is going on with me .
But I 'm having trouble understanding this phenomenon , because I myself feel no barrier against admiring Gödel , Escher , Bach that highly .
In fact , I would say that by far the most cultish - looking behavior on Hacker News is people trying to show off how willing they are to disagree with Paul Graham .
Let me try to explain how this feels when you 're the target of it :
It 's like going to a library , and when you walk in the doors , everyone looks at you , staring .
Then you walk over to a certain row of bookcases — say , you 're looking for books on writing — and at once several others , walking with stiff , exaggerated movements , select a different stack to read in .
When you reach the bookshelves for Dewey decimal 808 , there are several other people present , taking quick glances out of the corner of their eye while pretending not to look at you .
You take out a copy of The Poem 's Heartbeat : A Manual of Prosody .
At once one of the others present reaches toward a different bookcase and proclaims , " I 'm not reading The Poem 's Heartbeat !
In fact , I 'm not reading anything about poetry !
I 'm reading The Elements of Style , which is much more widely recommended by many mainstream writers . "
Another steps in your direction and nonchalantly takes out a second copy of The Poem 's Heartbeat , saying , " I 'm not reading this book just because you 're reading it , you know ; I think it 's a genuinely good book , myself . "
Meanwhile , a teenager who just happens to be there , glances over at the book .
" Oh , poetry , " he says .
" Not exactly , " you say .
" I just thought that if I knew more about how words sound — the rhythm — it might make me a better writer . "
" Oh ! " he says , " You 're a writer ? "
You pause , trying to calculate whether the term does you too much credit , and finally say , " Well , I have a lot of readers , so I must be a writer . "
" I plan on being a writer , " he says .
" Got any tips ? "
" Start writing now , " you say immediately .
" I once read that every writer has a million words of bad writing inside them , and you have to get it out before you can write anything good .
Yes , one million .
The sooner you start , the sooner you finish . "
The teenager nods , looking very serious .
" Any of these books , " gesturing around , " that you 'd recommend ? "
" If you 're interested in fiction , then definitely Jack Bickham 's Scene and Structure , " you say , " though I 'm still struggling with the form myself .
I need to get better at description . "
" Thanks , " he says , and takes a copy of Scene and Structure .
" Hold on ! " says the holder of The Elements of Style in a tone of shock .
" You 're going to read that book just because he told you to ? "
The teenager furrows his brow .
" Well , sure . "
There 's an audible gasp , coming not just from the local stacks but from several other stacks nearby .
" Well , " says the one who took the other copy of The Poem 's Heartbeat , " of course you mean that you 're taking into account his advice about which books to read , but really , you 're perfectly capable of deciding for yourself which books to read , and would never allow yourself to be swayed by arguments without adequate support .
Why , I bet you can think of several book recommendations that you 've rejected , thus showing your independence .
Certainly , you would never go so far as to lose yourself in following someone else 's book recommendations — "
" What ? " says the teenager .
If there 's an aspect of the whole thing that annoys me , it 's that it 's hard to get that innocence back , once you even start thinking about whether you 're independent of someone .
I recently downvoted one of PG 's comments on HN ( for the first time — a respondent had pointed out that the comment was wrong , and it was ) .
And I could n't help thinking , " Gosh , I 'm downvoting one of PG's comments " — no matter how silly that is in context — because the cached thought had been planted in my mind from reading other people arguing over whether or not HN was a " cult " and defending their own freedom to disagree with PG .
You know , there might be some other things that I admire highly besides Gödel , Escher , Bach , and I might or might not disagree with some things Douglas Hofstadter once said , but I 'm not even going to list them , because GEB does n't need that kind of moderation .
It is okay for GEB to be awesome .
In this world there are people who have created awesome things and it is okay to admire them highly !
Let this Earth have at least a little of its pride !
I 've been flipping through ideas that might explain the anti-admiration phenomenon .
One of my first thoughts was that I evaluate my own potential so highly ( rightly or wrongly is not relevant here ) that praising Gödel , Escher , Bach to the stars does n't feel like making myself inferior to Douglas Hofstadter .
But upon reflection , I strongly suspect that I would feel no barrier to praising GEB even if I were n't doing anything much interesting with my life .
There 's some fear I do n't feel , or some norm I have n't acquired .
So rather than guess any further , I 'm going to turn this over to my readers .
I 'm hoping in particular that someone used to feel this way — shutting down an impulse to praise someone else highly , or feeling that it was cultish to praise someone else highly — and then had some kind of epiphany after which it felt , not allowed , but rather , quite normal .
Part of the sequence The Craft and the Community
Next post : " On Things that are Awesome "
Previous post : " Tolerate Tolerance "
A helicopter pilot dragged his semi-conscious passenger to shore after crashing in crocodile - infested mudflats near Darwin last night , then buried the man in sand up to his neck to protect him from hypothermia .
The two men were camping at a remote spot near Dundee Beach , about 50 kilometres south - west of Darwin , over the weekend when they decided to take a flight in their helicopter about 6 pm yesterday .
Helicopter crash ... a passenger lies buried in the sand as emergency services come to his rescue .
Credit : NRMA CareFlight
After spotting a crocodile from the sky the pair got into trouble when their helicopter crashed as they were trying to get a closer look .
" They decided to go for a flight in a single engine two - seater Robinson - the sort of thing used for cattle mustering , " said NRMA CareFlight director Ian Badham .
Today , renewable energy sources generate 12 percent of electricity in the U.S.
But wind , wave , sunshine and others represent more than 93 percent of the energy the country could be producing , according to the Energy Information Administration of the U.S. Department of Energy .
If renewable energy is going to be a bigger player and have a significant impact in cutting the greenhouse gas emissions from power plants that are driving climate change , it 's going to have to grow quickly .
According to Princeton University scientists Stephen Pacala and Robert Socolow's " wedge " strategy of climate change mitigation — which quantifies as a wedge on a time series graph various sets of efforts to maintain flat global carbon emissions between now and 2055 — at least two million megawatts of new renewable energy will have to be built in the next 40 years , effectively replacing completely all existing coal - fired power plants as well as accounting for increases in energy use between now and mid-century .
" It 's a goal that 's beyond anything probably the world 's ever undertaken , " says Keely Wachs , senior director of corporate communications at BrightSource Energy , a company that hopes to build 2,600 megawatts - worth of power plants that use the sun 's heat to generate electricity .
Here are 10 massive projects already producing energy .
Slide Show : The World's 10 Largest Renewable Energy Projects
While the nation ’s biggest banks created highly complex and risky trading instruments that operated outside of regulatory oversight and ultimately drove many of them to the brink of insolvency , an entirely different category of banks carried on business pretty much as usual , receiving deposits and making loans to their communities , even when the economy started to contract .
Many of these small independent banks say they are now feeling the brunt of a crisis that they did not create , and are being left to fail while their much larger counterparts are bailed out .
“ There was no credit crunch on Main Street , ” Christopher Whalen , managing director of Institutional Risk Analysis , said during EPI ’s June 10 forum , Community Banks in the Bailout .
Whalen , whose consulting firm tracks bank performance , shared data showing that there was never a dramatic spike in complaints among the smaller banks ’ customers .
Credit on Main Street did get tighter as the economy got worse , but unlike the sudden near collapse on Wall Street , the shift was measured and large amounts of money continued to flow .
Although some sort of government response was clearly needed at the height of the credit crisis to prevent the economy from collapsing , the panel questioned why the big banks were propped up , while smaller insolvent banks were allowed to fail .
As smaller banks start to fail at an alarming rate , many complain they are being penalized for the mistakes of Wall Street , including excessive trading of derivatives , whose values had little connection to the actual economy .
The trading of derivatives such as credit default swaps , has been widely described as a form of gambling that had no place in banking .
Some 37 independent banks have failed so far this year and more than 300 others are on the FDIC ’s watch list .
As more and more government funds go to the 800 - pound gorillas of the banking sector , there is less remaining for the banks that are regarded as small enough to fail .
Whalen and other panelists at the EPI forum described an emerging system that overtly favored the very largest banks , providing them with the resources to offer much better interest rates than their smaller competitors , while imposing onerous reserve requirements on the community banks .
For example , William Dunkelberg , chairman of Liberty Bell Bank , which operates four branches in southern New Jersey , said the FDIC increased Liberty Bell ’s reserve requirements five - fold between 2007 and 2008 , effectively imposing extremely tight lending limits at a time when banks are being urged to lend more .
“ This has been very , very damaging , ” he said .
“ It is not appropriate that we have to put up money to pay for the bad behavior of others . ”
To be clear , even the 37 banks that have failed this year represent a tiny portion of the 8,000 independent banks in the United States .
Karen Thomas , executive vice president of government relations at Independent Community Bankers of America , stressed that the overwhelming majority of small banks would ride out the storm .
But she said many of them would emerge somewhat weakened , being unable to provide the loans that are so critical to an economic recovery .
The examination of small banks in the bailout is part of EPI ’s Bailout Analysis Project studying the government ’s response to the bailout .
Program director Nancy Cleeland said the treatment of small banks in the bailout was serving to make the playing field even more lopsided than it was prior to the recession and credit crunch .
“ As this crisis plays out , the big banks are getting bigger , ” she said .
Windfall for Italy ?
Customs Finds $ 134 Billion in a Suitcase
It is either the biggest smuggling operation in history -- or a fraud of equally impressive proportions .
Italian customs officials stopped two men at the Swiss border carrying bonds worth $ 134 billion ( 95.8 billion euros ) .
TOKYO , Japan ( CNN ) -- Eleven - year - old Hiroki
Ando will likely die if he does not get a new heart .
Hiroki in an ambulance on the way to catch his flight to New York , where he will wait for a heart .
Hiroki suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart .
The same disease killed his sister five years ago .
" We have two children in our family who got a disease that happens one out of every 100,000 people .
I am sorry for my children .
We are having my daughter and Hiroki going through this harsh experience , " said father Ryuki Ando .
" We were told by his doctor at the end of last year that the heart transplant operation was the only way for him to survive , " Ando said .
But the law in Japan prohibits anyone under the age of 15 from donating organs -- meaning Hiroki can't get a new heart in his home country .
According to the web site for Japan Transplant Network , a non-governmental group that supports changing Japan 's transplant law , " this stipulation has greatly reduced the possibility of transplants to small children ; heart transplants to small children have become impossible . "
Watch Hiroki's trip to the United States »
Lawmaker Taro Kono is spearheading efforts to change the law , which was enacted in 1997 .
Japan 's parliament is now debating four proposed amendments -- including one that would scrap the age limit .
But , beyond the age matter , the issue of organ transplantation in general , has been a difficult one for the country because of perceptions of brain death .
Some refuse to accept it if their loved ones ' hearts are still beating .
" For a long time , it 's the heart that mattered in Japan .
Some religions ask us not to declare being brain dead as death .
But that is not the majority , " Kono said .
" So it is simply that we have been doing things this way and a lot of people are very skeptical about it . "
Kono , who gave a kidney to his father , said a total of 81 organ transplants have been conducted in Japan since the transplant law was enacted in 1997 , whereas nearly thousands of transplants occur in the United States each year .
" A lot of people in Japan waiting for a transplant , waiting for a liver , a heart , other organs , most of them just die simply because they could n't get any organs , " he said .
Kono said he believes the public supports changing the law to allow organ donation from children , noting that " when the parents of the child are going on the street asking for donations , they can actually raise more than a million dollars . "
Incredibly , that 's just what Hiroki 's family has done .
They started a group called " helping Hiroki " and raised $ 1.7 million in donations .
" It was very tough to get the donations , but so many people from all over Japan donated the money , " he said .
" It was not only the money , but so many letters and messages to energize us , sent to the group .
We realized there are so many people supporting us , and they are the reason that we made it this far and will be able to continue after going to the U.S. "
Hiroki is now at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , awaiting a new heart .
His father says he knows that the transplant issue is a difficult one for families .
" The honest wish from the recipient 's side is to have a donor show up as soon as possible , " he said , pausing .
" I still do not know whether I can make a decision to give my child 's heart to someone else if I am faced with such a situation .
But unless the people face the issue and think about it seriously , I do not think the time will come soon to see more people volunteering to donate organs . "
Ando said he hopes that one day he will be able to play baseball with his son , who is an avid sports fan .
" I would like to have a fun time again with Hiroki .
I would like to make it home with everyone in good health , " he said .
" That 's the biggest hope I have now . "
Ando's mother wrote in a blog on her Web site ( http://www.hirokikun.jp/) that Hiroki was high on the waiting list for a heart transplant in New York .
" I believe Hiroki will be all right , " she wrote .
All About Organ Donation • Stem Cell Research • Science and Technology
One of the strengths of functional ( i.e. applicative ) programming style is that it makes dataflow obvious .
Usually this is a good thing , but there are many cases where parts of a program 's dataflow are best kept hidden .
For instance , some functions return a value ( or several ) not because their caller is ever interested in it , but so the caller can pass it to somewhere else that actually is interested .
This often happens when you 're keeping some sort of profile information .
For example , suppose you 're playing with the very recursive Sudan function :
( defun sudan ( n x y ) " The first known function that is recursive but not primitive recursive . " ( cond ( ( zerop n ) (+ x y ) ) ( ( zerop y ) x ) ( t ( let ( (s ( sudan n x ( 1- y ) ) ) ) ( sudan ( 1- n ) s (+ s y ) ) ) ) ) ) CL - USER > ( sudan 1 2 3 ) 27 CL - USER > ( sudan 3 2 1 ) Control stack exhausted ( no more space for function call frames ) .
[ Condition of type SB - KERNEL ::CONTROL-STACK-EXHAUSTED ] CL - USER > ( sudan 2 2 1 ) 27 CL - USER > ( sudan 2 2 2 ) 15569256417 CL - USER > ( sudan 2 2 3 ) Control stack exhausted ( no more space for function call frames ) .
[ Condition of type SB - KERNEL ::CONTROL-STACK-EXHAUSTED ] CL - USER > ( sudan 2 3 2 ) 5742397643169488579854258
It returns instantly for very small arguments , and overflows for slightly larger ones .
What 's going on ?
The obvious way to find out is to instrument it to count how many times it was called .
( Yes , I know there are tools for this , but this is an example of a general problem , of which most cases do n't have tool support . )
The proper , functional way is to return the number of calls as an additional value :
( defun sudan / count ( n x y ) " The first known function that is recursive but not primitive recursive .
Returns two values : S_n(x , y ) , and the number of calls required to compute it . " ( cond ( ( zerop n ) ( values (+ x y ) 1 ) ) ( ( zerop y ) ( values x 1 ) ) ( t ( multiple - value - bind ( s calls ) ( sudan / count n x ( 1- y ) ) ( multiple - value - bind ( s2 calls2 ) ( sudan / count ( 1- n ) s (+ s y ) ) ( values s2 (+ calls calls2 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) CL - USER > ( sudan3 2 2 2 ) 15569256417 69 CL - USER > ( sudan / count 2 3 2 ) 5742397643169488579854258 165
Hmm .
That 's not so bad .
The number of calls is not so bad , I mean .
The code , though , is a mess .
The relationship of the recursive calls is obscured with multiple - value - bind s , and every return site has to be wrapped with values , and if you miss one the function wo n't work .
This is not a good way to instrument a function .
More precisely , this is not a good way to pass profiling data up the call tree .
But is there a better way ?
If I were in a stateful mood , I would have done it this way :
( defun sudan / count2 ( n x y ) " The first known function that is recursive but not primitive recursive .
Returns two values : S_n(x , y ) , and the number of calls required to compute it . " ( let ( ( calls 0 ) ) ( labels ( ( sudan ( n x y ) ( incf calls ) ( cond ( ( zerop n ) (+ x y ) ) ( ( zerop y ) x ) ( t ( let ( (s ( sudan n x ( 1- y ) ) ) ) ( sudan ( 1- n ) s (+ s y ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( values ( sudan n x y ) calls ) ) ) )
That 's one line longer than the multivalue version , but shorter in characters or nodes - and much easier to maintain , because the profiling is not tangled through the rest of the function .
It also scales much better , because it does n't require such pervasive changes .
The trouble with state - well , one of the troubles with state - is that it hides dataflow , but in this case hiding dataflow is exactly what we want .
By the way , I had a predictable bug in the first version of sudan / count : when I renamed the function , I forgot to change the recursive calls , so it called the old version .
Recursing by name is redundant in a bad way - it depends on the function 's name , so merely renaming the function changes its behaviour !
This would n't have happened in Forth , which has a recurse operation that does n't depend on the function 's name .
Anonymous recursion is inflexible , of course , but there are many simple cases like this , where it more closely expresses what you mean , and avoids a possible bug .
Alan Johnson , the cabinet minister widely tipped as a successor to Gordon Brown , prepared Labour for disaster at the polls as he predicted it would suffer the worst local and European election results in its history .
In a candid admission last night , the health secretary said he expected all three mainstream parties to do " badly " in Thursday 's polls .
But he believed that Labour would be hit hardest by the overwhelming tide of public anger over the MPs ' expenses scandal .
Raising his profile as a future leadership contender , he told the Observer : " If you are asking me for an honest assessment about whether recent events will have an effect , they are bound to , because we are the brand leader , we are the party of government and it will have more of an effect on us than the other parties . "
Senior
Tory sources predicted that Labour would suffer the humiliation of losing control of all county councils across the whole of England after Thursday .
The Tory high command is confident of taking outright command of Lancashire and Staffordshire - two of the four councils that remain under Labour 's power , and of depriving them of overall authority in the other two , Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire .
With the BNP close to winning at least one seat in the European parliament and Labour at risk of being pushed into third place by Ukip , activists are questioning whether Brown can survive an electoral massacre on the scale being predicted .
A Sunday Telegraph poll last night also revealed more people intend to vote Lib Dem at the next general election than Labour .
The ICM survey put Labour in third place for the first time since 1987 on just 22 % - three points adrift of the Lib Dems and 18 behind the Conservatives .
Eric Pickles , the Conservative party chairman , said Johnson was " clearly doing his best to lower expectations " .
But Labour did appear to have " given up " serious campaigning across large parts of the country .
In last year 's council elections , Labour slumped to the lowest level of support of any governing party in history .
Johnson accepted that Labour would take yet more punishment on Thursday .
But he urged people to resist registering protest votes with extremists such as the BNP .
" My message to those people who would normally have voted for a mainstream parties is ' do n't change your mind because of allowances ' .
Registering your vote at what has gone on for a protest would just lead to a far worse situation where we have people who are full of hate representing us by default in the European parliament . "
Last night
Tory leader David Cameron was forced to defend his expenses claims after it was reported that he paid off a loan of £ 75,000 on his London home shortly after taking out a £ 350,000 tax - payer funded mortgage to pay for his constituency home in Oxfordshire .
Cameron said his claims had been " perfectly reasonable " .
In a sign of his frustration at Labour 's failure to land blows on Cameron and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg over the expenses scandal , Johnson said the two , whom he dubbed the " self - righteous brothers " , had been allowed to take the moral high ground without being challenged over their own financial arrangements .
" I am amazed about what an easy ride Cameron and Clegg have had over this whole issue , " he said .
CONNEX could soon be in the running to operate Melbourne 's trams as well as its trains , after its French parent company confirmed it wanted to take control of the company behind Yarra Trams .
The State Government will announce within weeks its preferred contractors to run Melbourne 's trains and trams for the next eight years .
Connex , owned by French firm Veolia , is bidding for the train contract .
Yarra Trams , half - owned by France 's Transdev , is bidding for the contract to run the city 's trams .
Veolia yesterday confirmed , in a statement posted on its French website , that it was looking to acquire or take a major shareholding in Transdev .
It is perhaps another sign of the decadence of conventional politics as the empire unravels , even as it – like the late Soviet empire – appears close to the zenith of its power .
The most conspicuous players in the debate over torture that Obama apparently wanted to put behind us have become Nancy Pelosi and Dick Cheney , surely two of the least attractive political figures of our time , an era that does not want for candidates for that dubious distinction .
Nancy , of course , has been caught up in a " what did she know and when did she know it ? " moment , fed by her own lack of candor and apparent surprise that members of the usually supine Washington press corps would actually ask pointed questions just because she has given contradictory answers over a number of days to the question of whether , as a ranking member of the Intelligence Committee , she knew full well that the U.S. was engaged in coercive interrogation as far back as 2002 .
As for former vice president Dick Cheney , he ’s become a one - man campaign to justify the torture ( or enhanced interrogation , if you prefer ) regimen pushed by the Bush administration .
In several recent appearances , most recently on CBS ’
Face the Nation , Cheney has argued that enhanced interrogation was key – he has come closing to making it the single factor – in preventing more al - Qaeda attacks following 9/11 .
He has also argued that in changing these policies President Obama has made the country much more vulnerable to a future terrorist attack .
Asked by Bob Schieffer if he had any regrets about pushing for , er , enhanced interrogation , he was forthright : " No regrets .
I think it was absolutely the right thing to do .
I ’m convinced , absolutely convinced , that we saved thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands of lives . "
Cheney has begun the process of requesting the release by the CIA of two memos that he says used to be in his files that document the plans and attacks that were foiled by the intelligence gained through enhanced interrogation .
Whether Cheney has seen too many episodes of 24 and actually believes this or whether he ’s bluffing , I ’m more than willing to join him in urging all the government documents related to torture – all of them , no matter how deeply classified – be released to the public so we can make as informed a judgment as possible .
I suspect Cheney will be proven to be a blowhard and a misleader if not a conscious liar , but I could be proven wrong .
I ’ll take my chances .
My impression is that even the news stories about the four " torture memos " have not been as detailed and explicit about just what kind of methods the designated lawyers in the Bush Justice Department chose to define as non-torture as they might have been , so pardon me if I summarize some parts .
Of the four formerly secret memos recently released by the Obama administration , the earliest , written Aug. 1 , 2002 [ .pdf ] , by then - head of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel Jay Bybee , which provided the first legal justification for enhanced interrogation , provides a fairly succinct description of the techniques involved .
They were adapted from the U.S. military ’s survival , evasion , resistance , escape ( SERE ) training program , which sought to prepare U.S. servicemen to prepare for possible harsh interrogation tactics if they were captured by enemy forces .
As Bybee put it , " These ten techniques are : ( 1 ) attention grasp , ( 2 ) walling , ( 3 ) facial hold , ( 4 ) facial slap ( insult slap ) , ( 5 ) cramped confinement , ( 6 ) wall standing , ( 7 ) stress positions , ( 8 ) sleep deprivation , ( 9 ) insects placed in a confinement box , and ( 10 ) the waterboard . "
The idea is to use them in escalating fashion , with the waterboard as the last resort .
Some seem self - explanatory , such as the attention grasp ( grabbing the face with two hands and pulling toward the interrogator , in part to let the detainee know that touching and grabbing are not out of order and just might be escalated ) .
" Walling " is done by placing the detainee in front of a flexible thin plywood wall and pulling him forward then pushing him against the wall , sometimes repeatedly .
Wall standing involves placing the detainee four or five feet in front of a wall , pushing him forward and making him support all his weight on his fingertips without moving to induce muscle fatigue .
Waterboarding , of course , is placing an individual head down on an inclined board , covering his mouth and nose with cloth , then pouring water over the cloth .
This is said to induce panic and a sense of drowning , even though the subject may consciously know he is not drowning .
Few people are said to be able to withstand it for more than a few seconds .
All the released memos , which carefully stipulated that they believed everything the CIA told the DOJ about safeguards and efficacy , declared none of these techniques to be torture under relevant U.S. statutes or the Geneva Conventions .
Waterboarding , known at least since the Spanish Inquisition , has been considered torture when done by the other side for centuries , and after World War II the U.S. prosecuted some Japanese for employing it .
The waterboard was reportedly used on only three detainees .
Abu Zubaydah , captured early on , was originally considered a top al - Qaeda leader but turned out to be a glorified gofer , albeit one who did have valuable information about the structure and personnel of al - Qaeda , including identifying Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks .
He was waterboarded 83 times .
Mohammed , or KSM , was waterboarded 183 times in the course of a month .
Did this enhanced interrogation lead to the acquisition of important information that helped to prevent further al - Qaeda attacks on the U.S. ?
Retired Adm. Lee F. Gunn , a combat commander who also served as the Navy ’s inspector general ( full disclosure : we were fraternity brothers in college , but I had n’t spoken to him in decades ) , told me that " even if it were true that important and accurate information was acquired through torture , it has never been shown that the information could n’t have been gotten from the traditional time - tested interrogation methods employed by the FBI and the military . "
Lee .
Gunn is one of about 50 retired flag officers who have spoken out against the use of torture and inhumane treatment .
Lee told me his chief concern is for the welfare of U.S. troops who could be captured in this and future conflicts .
If it is known that the U.S. engages in brutal practices , our enemies will have no qualms about using them on our service people .
Abstaining from torture does not guarantee that our people who are captured will be treated humanely , of course , but using it almost guarantees that they will be tortured .
Other reasons for abstaining from torture have to do with the importance of increased cooperation with other countries in the ongoing conflict with extremist elements .
Adm .
Gunn told me that U.S. failure to abide by international conventions against torture and inhumane treatment – or to find clever legal arguments to skirt around the edges of requirements for humane treatment of captives – has damaged relationships with our allies in ways that he has observed personally .
There ’s also the argument about America ’s values .
Lee Gunn reminded me that during the Revolutionary War – " a much more existential threat to the embryonic nation than al - Qaeda poses or is likely to pose " – George Washington discovered that some of his officers planned to treat British captives in the same brutal ways that the British had treated American captives .
" You ’ll treat them in a way that allows them no complaint , " Washington ordered his subordinates .
He wanted to establish norms of decency at the outset for this country , and while the U.S. has certainly strayed from those norms , one of our strengths is the reputation , and for the most part the reality , of living up to our values .
Finally , there ’s pretty strong evidence that harsh treatment of prisoners by the U.S. , mostly but not solely related to the photos taken at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , has given al - Qaeda a powerful recruiting tool .
" You can treat 99 percent of captives humanely , " Gunn told me , " but if you abuse just 1 percent , you ’ve done yourself a great disservice in the war of ideas . "
Against these anti-torture arguments is the claim that only through torture has the U.S. acquired the kind of intelligence that has allowed it to disrupt attacks .
This argument is weak on a number of levels .
Of course the SERE training program was put together after the Korean War to help U.S. service people cope with the kind of techniques the Chinese Communists used on U.S. captives .
Those techniques were designed to get not reliable intelligence but false confessions the Communists thought would be useful for propaganda purposes .
If people under torture will say whatever they think will stop the pain , the reliability of what comes out is bound to be suspect .
In addition , several specific claims about the efficacy of torture have fallen apart under examination .
For example , Abu Zubaydah was subjected to conventional interrogation until August 2002 , when the first of the memos giving a legal rationale for enhanced interrogation was written .
The impetus for enhanced interrogation came not from interrogators on the scene but from CIA headquarters , which was convinced Zubaydah knew more than he was telling .
It turned out either that he did n’t or that torture ( 83 waterboardings ) did n’t get it out of him .
Conventional interrogation elicited a good deal of useful information from Zubaydah ; enhanced interrogation elicited nothing more of significance .
People have talked about the enhanced interrogation of KSM being important in foiling a planned attack on the Los Angeles Library Tower .
But that plan , which apparently never got beyond the visualization stage , was squelched in 2002 .
KSM was n’t even captured until 2003 .
The May 30 , 2005 , memo [ .pdf ] from then - head of the DOJ ’s Office of Legal Counsel Steven Bradbury includes quotes from a 2004 memo ( still classified ) from CIA Inspector General John Helgerson that – on the basis of what has been released so far – seriously questions the usefulness , let alone the necessity , of enhanced interrogation .
Early on , the FBI , the agency that knew the most about al - Qaeda in 2001 , declined to participate in the CIA enhanced interrogation program because of concerns about harsh interrogation methods .
FBI Director Robert Mueller told Vanity Fair that he does n’t believe any attacks on the U.S. were disrupted because of coercive interrogation methods .
There ’s nothing wrong with remembering the context in which enhanced interrogation techniques were authorized .
The U.S. had suffered the most serious attack on its own soil in its history , and everybody expected another one soon .
Intelligence on al - Qaeda was spotty at best .
It is not hard to understand how top officials could choose to authorize whatever they thought might work , even if it was pretty extreme and even if its efficacy was questionable .
Prosecuting such people for war crimes may not be the best use of physical and moral resources .
But finding out what happened and why is essential .
The most troubling aspect of the controversy , however , is that even in light of strong evidence that torture is not only inhumane and un-American but it does n’t even work , so many people are still eager to justify it .
It is hard not to suspect sheer sadism as a motive .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The man charged with killing a security officer at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum is expected to survive his subsequent shooting by other security officers , the FBI said in a statement released Saturday .
Shooting suspect James von Brunn is hospitalized in critical condition after being shot by security officers .
more photos »
The statement was based on a Thursday court session in which a public defender was appointed for James von Brunn , charged with first - degree murder in the death of Stephen Tyrone Johns , 39 , a security officer who police say opened a museum door Wednesday for the 88 - year - old reputed white supremacist .
" Defendant was not present in court because he is still in the hospital , " FBI Supervisory Special Agent Katherine Schweit said in the written statement .
" Government told the court that the defendant was in critical , but stable , condition with an expectation of survival . "
Von Brunn was charged Thursday with a federal count of murder and killing while in possession of a firearm in a federal facility .
Authorities said von Brunn shot Johns with a rifle at the entrance to the Washington museum after Johns had opened the door for him .
Other security guards then shot von Brunn , authorities said .
Johns and von Brunn were taken to a hospital , and Johns died later Wednesday .
The FBI said police were investigating whether the killing of Johns , who was black , might be considered a hate crime .
According to court records , investigators found a handwritten message in a notebook in von Brunn 's car .
The note said the " Holocaust is a lie " and that President Obama " was created by Jews , " according to an FBI affidavit .
" Obama does what Jew owners tell him to do .
Jews captured America 's money .
Jews control the mass media .
The First Amendment is abrogated -- henceforth , " the message said , according to the affidavit .
At the end of the writings , according to the affidavit , was the signature : James W. von Brunn .
Von Brunn , of Maryland , had a Web site called " The Holy Western Empire " on which he promoted his book , " Kill the Best Gentiles . "
The book called the Holocaust a hoax and claimed the Jewish - led " Illuminati " and Jewish figures such as Sigmund Freud and Karl Marx worked " to destroy Western civilization and the Aryan nation that created it . "
Von Brunn served six years in prison for trying in 1981 to kidnap Federal Reserve Board members because of high interest rates .
He blamed his prison term on a " Negro jury , Jew / Negro attorneys " and " a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site .
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum • James von Brunn • Federal Bureau of Investigation
Chinese shop for traditional decorations to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year .
or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese visit an ancient cultural street to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Chinese shop for traditional decorations to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year .
or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Police control the crowds as local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year .
or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Soldiers keep watch as local Chinese visit an ancient cultural street to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year .
or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Chinese visit an ancient cultural street to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese visit an ancient cultural street to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
A soldier keeps watch as local Chinese visit an ancient cultural street to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Local Chinese performers , dressed up as characters from Chinese mythology , take part in a parade to celebrate the annual lantern festival in the city of Tianjin , located 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Beijing February 9 , 2009 .
The lantern festival marks the last day of the two - week Chinese lunar new year or Spring Festival .
( UPI Photo / Stephen Shaver ) | License Photo
Salzburg , Austria — Catching my eye in Monday ’s New York Times was a pair of columns from Paul Krugman and Ross Douthat .
Krugman , the liberal Nobel Prize economist , and Douthat , the 29 year - old conservative hired to fill the shoes of Bill Kristol , both addressed the health care legislation recently proposed to Congress .
The bill in question , a sprawling 895 page piece of legislation , would provide healthcare for 95 % of Americans , according to Democrats .
It would also create a public health plan that would allow Americans to purchase health insurance from the government regardless of pre-existing conditions .
This public option , which is fiercely opposed by Congressional Republicans , was the focus of a robust NYT / CBS public opinion poll released on Sunday .
Its results were ignored by Douthat in his analysis , while they were used as a building block for Krugman ’s column .
The stylistic differences between the two pieces make it easy to see why Krugman ’s work is consistently more polished then that of his colleague .
The meat of Douthat ’s problem is that he ’s not really sure if he wants to write about healthcare at all .
He begins by addressing the process of government itself .
“ There was one small consolation for Republicans amid last November ’s shellacking .
For at least four years , their opponents would enjoy the dubious pleasure of trying to govern the United States of America , ” he says .
A paragraph later he states that in a hypothetical world without political constraints “ conservatives would encourage people to self - ration , by putting a certain number of health care dollars directly in their hands and leaving the rest to market forces . ”
However , this vision collides with the desires of those within the Republican Party .
In the NYT / CBS poll , half of Republicans supported a public plan , in addition to three - fourths of Independents and 9 out of 10 Democrats , making Douthat ’s vision of cohesiveness amongst his cohorts fiction .
Of course , it ’s possible his “ conservatives ” may just be a reference to the Republican leadership , which then by Douthat ’s admission is completely out of touch with what its party wants .
And how do Americans rate the GOP ’s plans for healthcare reform ?
Eighteen percent of those surveyed said the Republicans are more likely to better healthcare , while 57 percent said Democrats would usher in more helpful reform .
In fact , even a quarter of Republicans said Democrats had a better vision for healthcare .
And yet , instead of addressing this schism , or putting forth a few basic reasons why a “ market - based ” system of healthcare would work , Douthat spends his time trolling about in the muck of hypothetical and pelting the reader with his musings about how the Democrats will soon realize that governing is much harder than they thought .
In Krugman ’s column , he cites the poll off the bat , saying , “ If surveys like the New York Times / CBS News poll released last weekend are any indication , voters are ready for major change . ”
It gives his argument –that centrist Democrats must refrain from railing against a public option and obfuscating reform–a punch that sustains it throughout the piece .
Krugman ’s read is that it is not Republicans ( who on healthcare , seem to be uniformly saying nothing more than no ) but Democrats that are the greatest danger to reform .
It is a provocative and seemingly accurate conclusion .
But , it ’s not an idea that ’s simply reliant upon his observations .
Krugman quotes Democratic Senator Ben Nelson as saying the public plan is a “ deal breaker , ” because private insurance companies ca n’t compete and he implicates North Dakota Senator Kent Conrad as well .
“ [ Conrad ] offers a perfectly circular argument : we ca n’t have the public option , because if we do , health care reform wo n’t get the votes of senators like him , ” Krugman says .
This reasoning has some teeth .
It does n’t conflate a hypothetical with the stubborn logistics of government in order to simply conclude that legislating is tough stuff .
No , instead it tells me something important that I need to know about a crucial policy debate , which is what good column writing should accomplish .
Of course , I write this from Austria , where I ’ve been asking everyone I meet about how their health care system–a single payer , government run program–measures up .
Though most Austrians have only public health insurance , private insurance is available for a price .
I asked one couple in Salzburg why someone would buy private insurance .
Was it to avoid long bureaucratic lines ?
Was it to procure better treatment ?
They shook their heads and said that the main reason to buy private health insurance was to ensure a private room and a bigger menu at the hospital .
The fact that this is the defining factor between public and private health insurance in some countries in fodder for 10 columns in itself .
The number of small - business owners who depend on a credit card to buy items as varied as paper clips and heavy equipment has climbed steadily over the years , from just 16 percent in 1993 .
Today , that group makes up 11 percent of the revenue for Visa and MasterCard , from 3 percent in 1998 , according to David Robertson , who publishes The Nilson Report on the credit card industry .
But credit card terms have worsened sharply with the recession : three - quarters of small business said they have seen a large cut in limits over the last six months .
That would not be so bad if other forms of credit were easily accessible .
But banks and credit card companies , which opened their coffers when the economy was flourishing , are now pulling back from nearly everything that hints of risk .
“ I ’m a business in a bad time that wants to expand , ” said Mr. Licata , who added that he had been unable to get loans at Cleveland ’s banks since the recession set in .
Recently , the limit on three of the credit cards he uses for his law firm was slashed by a total of $ 60,000 , he said , dousing plans to enlarge his business .
Of course , consumers have been squeezed by higher interest rates and reduced credit lines by credit card companies , too .
But small businesses were not included in the credit card reform legislation signed into law last month by President Obama , which limits excessive fees and interest rate increases on existing balances starting next year .
A bipartisan coalition of senators is seeking to extend the legislation to small business .
“ The way that the economy is going to come out of a recession is not by big business hiring but by small business hiring , ” said Senator Mary L. Landrieu , Democrat of Louisiana , who is championing the measure .
Denying small businesses access to credit is having “ spiraling ” effect on the economy , she added .
( CNN ) -- Dr. George Tiller , whose Kansas women 's clinic frequently took center stage in the U.S. debate over abortion , was shot and killed while serving as an usher at his Wichita church Sunday morning , police said .
Dr. George Tiller was one of the few U.S. physicians that performed late - term abortions .
Wichita police said a 51 - year - old man from the Kansas City , Kansas , area was in custody in connection with the slaying of Tiller , who was one of the few U.S. physicians who still performed late - term abortions .
The killing , which came about 16 years after Tiller survived a shooting outside his Wichita clinic , took place shortly after 10 a.m. Sunday at Reformation Lutheran Church .
Officers found the 67 - year - old dead in the foyer , police said .
Witnesses provided a description of the car and a license number of the killer 's getaway vehicle , Wichita police spokesman Gordon Bassham said .
Police stopped a blue Ford Taurus matching the description about three hours later in Gardner , about 30 miles southwest of Kansas City , and took the driver into custody .
No charges had been filed Sunday evening and no motive for the killing was immediately known , but Wichita police Detective Tom Stoltz told reporters : " We think we have the right person arrested . "
" We will investigate this suspect to the Nth degree -- his history , his family , his associates -- and we are just in the beginning stages of that , " Stoltz said .
See what people are saying about Dr. Tiller 's murder »
Tiller 's slaying drew condemnation from supporters , from some of those who tried to shut down his practice and from President Obama , who just two weeks ago urged Americans to seek " common ground " on the issue of abortion .
" However profound our differences as Americans over difficult issues such as abortion , they cannot be resolved by heinous acts of violence , " Obama said in a statement issued by the White House .
The shooting prompted U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to direct federal marshals to " offer protection to other appropriate people and facilities around the nation , " according to a statement from the Department of Justice .
Tiller had been practicing medicine for nearly 40 years , said Peter Brownlie , president of the Kansas City - based regional Planned Parenthood office .
His patients were " almost always in circumstances where something had gone horribly wrong with a pregnancy , " and where a woman 's health would be endangered if the pregnancy continued , Brownlie said .
He and his staff had been picketed for years , with some activists distributing leaflets around his neighborhood , Brownlie said .
His clinic suffered serious damage from a bomb in the mid-1990s , and he was shot through both arms in 1993 by an anti-abortion activist who is currently serving time in federal prison .
" He endured that kind of stuff on a very frequent basis , " Brownlie said .
" As recently as early this month the clinic sustained serious vandalism that put them out of commission for a week or so . "
Watch Tiller describe the philosophy of his clinic in 1999 »
Tiller had armed security at his clinic and a " pretty rigorous " security procedure at home , Brownlie said .
But he " made an effort to live his life as normally as possible knowing he could be a target at any time , " he said .
In a statement issued through Tiller 's lawyers , his family -- a wife , four children and 10 grandchildren -- said their loss " is also a loss for the City of Wichita and women across America . "
" George dedicated his life to providing women with high - quality health care despite frequent threats and violence , " his family said in a written statement .
" We ask that he be remembered as a good husband , father and grandfather and a dedicated servant on behalf of the rights of women everywhere . "
In March , Tiller was acquitted of 19 counts of performing procedures unlawfully at his clinic .
In 2008 , a probe initiated by abortion opponents who petitioned state authorities to convene a grand jury ended without charges .
Leading anti-abortion groups condemned Sunday 's shooting , emphasizing they wanted to shut down Tiller 's practice by legal means .
Operation Rescue , which has led numerous demonstrations at Tiller 's clinic , called the shooting as a " cowardly act . "
And the National Right to Life Committee , the largest U.S. anti-abortion group , said it " unequivocally condemns any such acts of violence regardless of motivation . "
" The pro-life movement works to protect the right to life and increase respect for human life , " it said .
" The unlawful use of violence is directly contrary to that goal . "
But Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry , who is no longer affiliated with the group , called Tiller " a mass murderer . "
" We grieve for him that he did not have time to properly prepare his soul to face God , " Terry said in a written statement .
" I am more concerned that the Obama administration will use Tiller 's killing to intimidate pro-lifers into surrendering our most effective rhetoric and actions .
Abortion is still murder , and we still must call abortion by its proper name . "
The National Organization for Women , which supports abortion rights , called Tiller 's killing an act of " domestic terrorism . "
And NARAL Pro-Choice America said Tiller had worked for years under " intense harassment tinged with persistent threats of violence . "
If Tiller was killed because of his work , he would be the fourth U.S. physician killed over abortion since 1993 .
See all abortion - related attacks since 1993 »
In 1998 , a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his Amherst , New York , home .
Anti-abortion activist James Kopp was later arrested in France and is serving life in prison .
In 1994 , Dr. John Bayard Britton and one of his volunteer escorts were shot and killed outside an abortion clinic in Pensacola , Florida .
Paul Hill , a former minister , was convicted of the killings and executed in 2003 .
And in 1993 , another doctor , David Gunn , was shot to death outside another Pensacola clinic .
His killer , Michael Griffin , is serving a life sentence .
In addition , a nurse at a Birmingham , Alabama , clinic was maimed and an off - duty police officer was killed in a 1998 bombing by Eric Rudolph , who included abortion among his list of anti-government grievances .
Rudolph admitted to that attack and three other bombings -- including the 1996 attack on the Olympic games in Atlanta , Georgia -- and is currently serving life in prison .
CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report .
All About Abortion • Kansas • Wichita
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
At the end of last year , we took at look at video encoding performance on the CPU , Nvidia GPUs , and ATI GPUs .
In that article , we could n’t provide an apples - to - apples comparison .
Simply put , there was no application to transcode video that supported Nvidia ’s CUDA , ATI Stream , and was also well optimized for CPUs .
Now , there is .
Cyberlink sells a $ 40 app called MediaShow Espresso that is basically an easy - to - use , consumer oriented video transcoder .
It takes video input from a wide range of formats and exports it based on device profiles .
There are profiles for various kinds of iPods / iPhones , Zune , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PSP , etc .
Most importantly , the app is optimized to utilize CUDA on Nvidia GPUs , ATI Stream on ATI GPUs , and includes robust CPU optimizations including Core i7 tweaks .
Now we have the opportunity to use one affordable consumer application , with all the same settings and formats , to compare video transcoding between a fast CPU , a fast Nvidia GPU , and a fast ATI GPU .
Continued …
HOW flash does a Lamborghini need to be ?
If you 're Sam Newman , it seems it can never be flash enough .
The motormouth radio and television personality is suing a Lamborghini dealership for $ 1 million over a $ 645,000 yellow sports car he claims was sold to him under false pretences .
According to documents filed in the Federal Court this week , Newman claims Euro Automotive Group 's principal dealer , Andrew Smith , sold him a 2005 Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster in September after telling him that a new model would not be released " for some time " .
But a new model , with increased engine capacity , came out this year , and Newman claims his car has been devalued as a result .
Supporters of reformist candidate Mousavi protested the results of Friday ’s presidential election in Iran , claiming fraud on a massive scale .
Newscom / AFP
Thousands of Mousavi ’s supporters took to the streets of Tehran on Saturday , June 13 , in mass protests that soon turned violent .
cc : mousavi1388
A Mousavi supporter tries to resuscitate an injured fellow protester .
Newscom / AFP
cc : mousavi1388
Protesters clashed with the riot police in Tehran .
Newscom / AFP
Newscom / AFP
Newscom / UPI
Newscom / AFP
cc : mousavi1388
cc : mousavi1388
cc : mousavi1388
cc : mousavi1388
Newscom / AFP
cc : mousavi1388
cc : mousavi1388
cc : Shahram Sharif
cc : mousavi1388
Newscom / AFP
cc : Shahram Sharif
Newscom / Sipa
Last night , the New York Public Library hosted a tribute to John Updike , who died in January .
Ann Goldstein , who edited Updike ’s book reviews , delivered the following remarks .
In 1987 , I became the editor of John Updike ’s book reviews .
After I sent him the galleys of the first review I was to edit , I got a letter outlining the procedure of his previous editor .
Her procedure and that of Rogers Whitaker before her , was to send me as you have done a ‘ styled ’ but not otherwise edited galley with always useful notations of unclarity , repetition , and male chauvinism , giving me thus the benefit of her reactions and enabling me to reread myself in the cold light of print .
I would send the piece back promptly ( she even enclosed a stamped big envelope , but this courtesy is not necessary ) and wait for it to be scheduled ; by Monday or Tuesday of that issue ’s week she would generally have the page proofs to me , sometimes marked but usually not , and on Thursday afternoon we would simultaneously go over checking findings , other readers ’ points , and my own attempts at improvement … .
If none of this fits with your schedule or accustomed methods , I can cheerfully adjust .
With some variations , as the pace of the magazine , and the technology of its production , changed , this was how we worked for the next twenty years .
He sent in the review , it was put into galleys with minimal fixing up , I sent him a proof with various notations , and he sent it back with his responses .
From 1992 :
My criticism inspires me with an increasing impatience — it seems simultaneously timid and reckless , a callow papering - over of an invincible ignorance .
Toward the end , on galley 12 , I wearily brushed your suggested revisions aside , unable to rise to the occasion and finding my own phrasing more succinct and natural .
From 1989 :
I notice that somebody went through and deleted the “ Miss ” on I ’m sure sound feminist or something grounds .
It just seems a little discourteous , to an elderly fellow like me , to call her “ Dillard , ” like some androgynous housekeeper or gruff governess .
The one beginning the paragraph on galley 9 seemed especially curt .
It was our way , in the days of Shawn , to give all living female authors the courtesy of a Miss or Mrs. ( Mrs. Spark , Miss Murdoch ) but I am happy to go with the new ways if it seems important .
He was attentive to everything — to New Yorker style , to punctuation , typography , suggestions about sentences and points brought up by the fact checkers .
In another letter : “ It ’s as if I write these things with mental mittens on , and then we all have to labor at scraping off the fuzzballs . ”
He had a great appetite for and interest in scraping off the fuzzballs , and sometimes the proofs went back and forth several times , especially in the days of computer revisions and FedEx .
It ’s a thorny piece and I hope transcribing these changes does n’t give you the headache it gave me to fiddle them through .
I ca n’t trust my ear at the end — which is the snappiest punch line .
Sorry , feel sorry , or regret ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Blackwater has lost its Iraq contract , but the firm continues to be dogged by scandal stemming from its five - year run protecting diplomats in the country .
You might remember the story of how Blackwater operator Andrew Moonen allegedly shot and killed the Iraqi vice president ’s bodyguard in the Green Zone in December 2006 after drunkenly stumbling away from a Christmas party with a loaded Glock at his side .
The incident was just one in a string of questionable shootings that ultimately led the State Department to cancel Blackwater ’s contracts earlier this year , though that may have done little more than compel Blackwater ’s shooters to change teams .
But the Moonen shooting , despite Blackwater ’s alleged attempts to cover it up , is back in the news .
The wife and two orphaned children of Raheem Khalaf Sa’adoon , the slain Iraqi guard , have filed suit against Erik Prince and Blackwater / Xe in Alexandria ’s District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia .
The written complaint ( PDF ) charges Prince and his web of companies with war crimes ; assault and battery ; wrongful death ; intentional infliction of emotional distress ; negligent inflication of emotional distress ; negligent hiring , training , and supervision ; and tortious spoilation of evidence .
They demand compensation for the Sa’adoon ’s death , as well as an unspecified punitive award “ in an amount sufficient to strip Defendants of all of the revenue and profits earned from their pattern of constant misconduct and callous disregard for human life . ”
According to the complaint , Moonen now works as a prison guard at the Monroe Correctional Complex in Monroe , Washington .
His attorney , Stewart Riley , told the Seattle Post that Moonen ’s defense will be that “ he was shot at in the Green Zone and he ran for his life . ”
— Police say they have found the bodies of two people missing after an explosion at the ConAgra Foods plant caved in parts of the roof , sparked fires and caused an ammonia leak .
Rescuers have a visual on the bodies but have not been able to reach them , Garner Police Chief Tom Moss said .
The search continued early Wednesday for a third person still unaccounted for since the explosion .
Authorities would not identify the victims , only saying one was a woman .
About 300 workers were in the plant at 4851 Jones Sausage Road at the time of the 11:30 a.m. Tuesday blast .
Many suffered from exposure to toxic fumes from ammonia leaks , and some also suffered severe burns , authorities said .
Frank McLaurin , a battalion chief with North Carolina Task Force 8 Urban Search - and - Rescue , said search teams were crawling through small spaces and would work around the clock until everyone is accounted for .
" The structure is not stable by any means , so we are just being very careful and cautious , " McLaurin said .
The cause of the explosion remained unknown late Tuesday .
" What I saw ( and ) heard was this boom , and the ceiling start coming down , and we all start running , " said Gail Ruffin , a ConAgra worker who was n't injured .
" Everyone was trying to get to the exit door .
... I was just trying to get out , and then we just ( saw ) people that ( were ) burned – blood all over them . "
Thirty - eight people were taken to area hospitals , said Jeff Hammerstein , district chief for Wake County EMS .
Twenty were employees who were transported immediately after the explosion , and the rest were taken later with minor injuries or after suffering from heat exhaustion outside the plant , he said .
Three firefighters also suffered from ammonia inhalation but were fine after being transported to WakeMed , Hammerstein said .
Sgt. Joe Binns of the Garner Police Department said firefighters put out the last small fire and hazardous materials teams contained an ammonia leak inside the plant by mid-Tuesday afternoon .
That allowed search crews to enter the building .
" It 's not just a matter of fire or any chemical exposure , but certainly with the structure collapse , there 's the issue of the safety of going in , " Hammerstein said .
The ammonia leak was contained and did n't pose a threat to the surrounding community , and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency managers were monitoring air quality near the plant , Binns said .
Dozens injured in explosion
Four people were listed in critical condition at the North Carolina Jaycee Burn Center at UNC Hospitals in Chapel Hill , Dr. Charles Cairns said .
The patients suffered burns over 40 to 60 percent of their bodies , he said .
A WakeMed spokeswoman said 24 patients were brought to the emergency department in Raleigh ; all but five were treated and released .
Another 13 people were taken to WakeMed Cary with minor injuries , she said .
" The injuries are fairly consistent with what you would see in an explosion ( or ) blast situation : broken bones , burns , contusions , " WakeMed spokeswoman Debbie Laughery said .
Some patients were brought in on special ambulances called Mobile Critical Care Units , which hospital officials described as intensive care on wheels .
Eighteen patients were taken to Rex Hospital with burns and cuts , a spokeswoman said .
Ten patients were discharged , seven were transferred to other hospitals and one person remained hospitalized late Tuesday for respiratory problems .
Six people were taken to Duke Raleigh Hospital , and one was taken to Duke University Hospital in Durham .
Family members of the Jaycee Burn Center patients can call 919-966-5006 for information , family members of WakeMed patients can call 919-350 - 5105 and family members of Rex patients can call 919-784-1525 .
Plant had previous safety violations
The 425,000 - square - foot plant was formerly owned by Raleigh - based GoodMark Foods and is known for making Slim Jim beef jerky products .
ConAgra spokeswoman Stephanie Childs said the company had sent a team of experts from its Omaha , Neb. , headquarters to the plant to help determine the cause of the explosion .
" We are working very closely with the local authorities to investigate what was the cause of this accident , " Childs said .
" Our focus is on our employees , their safety and their well - being . "
The U.S. Chemical Safety Board , an independent federal agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents , also dispatched a team of experts to Garner to review the incident .
State and federal regulators last inspected the plant in July 2008 and found no problems .
A handful of violations for were found in 2006 and 2007 regarding a lack of eye and face protection and communications about hazardous materials .
Five of eight inspections since 2003 found no violations .
In 2001 , inspectors noted 34 violations , including guards for wall and floor openings .
The company settled with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration by paying a $ 12,100 fine .
Footage from Sky 5 showed several holes in the roof of the ConAgra plant following the explosion , and seven or eight cars were smashed under part of the front of the building , which had been blown outward .
Liquid could be seen flowing from pipes along the roof and inside the plant , but it was unclear whether that was water or ammonia .
ConAgra implemented its emergency plan immediately after the explosion , dumping the ammonia from lines in the plant into a settling pond , said Diana Kees , a spokeswoman for the state Department of Environment and Natural Resources .
The state Division of Air Quality and the EPA sent managers to the plant to ensure emergency response plans and protocols for storing hazardous materials were being followed , Kees said .
Raleigh Fire Department Capt .
Ian Toms , coordinator of the hazmat team , said high levels of ammonia were detected inside the plant several hours after the explosion .
Ammonia levels outside the plant were negligible , he said .
Viney Aneja , a professor of air quality and environmental technology at North Carolina State University , said ammonia is a caustic substance that causes eye and skin irritation .
He said it could be neutralized easily with a mild acidic solution .
Workers describe chaos in plant
" Everybody was completely off guard .
Based on the ones I ’ve talked to , there was no warning , no signs .
It just happened very abruptly , " Garner Mayor Ronnie Williams said .
ConAgra worker Leonard Spruill said he heard a loud explosion and that several of his co-workers were badly burned .
Spruill suffered burns on his head , arms and legs and said he had to have his clothes cut off of him .
Spruill 's wife , Imogene , said her husband told her there was a fire before the explosion .
" He said the whole half of the packing side blew up .
He said he was working and ( heard ) a loud noise – boom , like that – ( and ) debris was everywhere , " Imogene Spruill said .
" There was fire all around him , and then it just blew up . "
" My son ( was ) there .
He just said his head ( was ) burning .
They just poured water on him , " Pecolia McLeod said .
" People got burned up , and they 're trying to take them out of there . "
Harold Harris , who was being treated at WakeMed , said an " overwhelming boom " knocked him down in the plant .
" It blew me , knocked me back into the wall , " Harris said .
" When I kind of gathered myself , the lights went out , but I could see the roof just falling all around me . "
More than 240 workers who were n't seriously injured were taken by bus to the Garner Senior Center , 205 E. Garner Road , where officials checked them over for any minor injuries and where anxious family members waited .
" It 's the last thing on your mind , thinking that it 's going to happen , " said Linda Williams , whose husband was unhurt in the explosion .
Worker Janet Bryant said she thought a bomb had gone off inside the plant .
" We just heard a loud explosion , and we looked up and the door to our department blew off and debris and everything rushed in , " Bryant said .
" ( I am ) very blessed and just praying for my co-workers . "
Some relatives still had n't been reunited with workers by Tuesday evening , officials said , and they said the center would remain open for employees and their families as long as necessary .
" I believe in God , and God knows what he 's doing , and I have to pray , " Joyce Tomlinson said as she waited for word from a family member who works at the ConAgra plant .
Childs said the company has an employee assistance program to help injured workers and their families .
ConAgra usually pays workers when a plant is shut down after an industrial accident , she said .
“ Our hearts and prayers are with the families and employees who are going through this situation right now , ” Childs said .
The company also plans to establish a fund for donations .
The money will be available to ConAgra employees in need .
It 's too early to determine when the plant might reopen , Childs said .
The state Highway Patrol blocked Jones Sausage Road between Interstate 40 and East Garner Road for several hours after the explosion , and troopers also closed several other nearby roads .
The I - 40 exit was reopened at about 6:30 p.m .
East Garner Middle School and East Garner Elementary School are located nearby the plant , but Wake County school district officials said they simply kept students inside .
Both schools dismissed on schedule .
Binns said once all ConAgra workers have been accounted for and treated , investigators would begin trying to determine the cause of the explosion .
" From that point on , we can see what steps they had or what kinds of things were going on in the plant before this happened , " he said .
Note :
This post is quite old , and Compojure has changed ( and gotten quite a bit bigger ) since it was written .
The basic steps for setting up a Clojure GAE app have n't changed much , but the Compojure bits may no longer be so simple .
You can always just AOT - compile a Clojure HttpServlet to get a web app running .
The release of Java support for Google AppEngine means more than just Java : it means lots of cool JVM languages !
My personal favorite is Clojure , so when I and several colleagues got an opportunity to try out a pre-release version ( thanks to a partnership between Google and ThoughtWorks ) I immediately started trying it out .
It turns out to be pretty easy and pretty great .
I 'm going to walk you through using Clojure on Google AppEngine by stepping you through the creation of a Clojure / Compojure version of the Guestbook application from the Getting Started section of the AppEngine docs .
As we go I 'll introduce some bits of appengine - clj , a library I extracted along the way to keep anything that felt like boiler - plate code out of my app .
First you 'll need to sign up ( if you have n't already ) and download the SDK .
Creating Your Application
To start , create a project directory and the basic project directory structure documented in the getting started section of Google 's documentation .
Here 's an overview of what to create and what will go where .
project - root / src/ [ Clojure source code ] war / [ static files ] WEB - INF / [ config files ] classes / [ compiled classes from ../../ src ] lib / [ jar dependencies ]
Copy clojure .jar , clojure - contrib.jar , and compojure . jar into WEB - INF / lib .
You 'll also need to add appengine - api-XXX . jar from the SDK .
I 'm using fairly recent trunk versions of Clojure , clojure - contrib , and Compojure .
( The easiest way to make sure you have compatible versions of these is to pull the latest Compojure source from github and then download their deps.zip and build Compojure against that . )
If you want to use appengine - clj you can build it yourself from source or grab a prebuilt jar from the downloads section on Github .
Hello , World !
The entry point to your application will be a servlet class .
Create a Clojure source file in your src directory and include a : gen-class directive to extend HttpServlet .
Use Compojure 's defroutes and defservice to create a HelloWorld .
( ns guestbook .
servlet ( : gen-class : extends javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet ) ( : use compojure.http compojure.html ) ) ( defroutes guestbook - app ( GET " / " ( html [ :h1 " Hello , World ! " ] ) ) ) ( defservice guestbook - app )
src/guestbook / servlet.clj
defroutes above creates a routing function that will respond to an HTML GET for the path " / " , and the html function converts vectors to a string of HTML .
If you 're not familiar with Compojure , start here on the Compojure wiki .
Next create a web.xml with a servlet - mapping sending /* to your servlet class .
Since Compojure handles URL routing , your application will have just this one mapping .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " ISO - 8859 - 1 " ?> < web-app xmlns= " http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee " xmlns:xsi= " http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance " xsi:schemaLocation= " http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee/web-app_2_5.xsd " version = " 2.5 " > < display - name > Clojure Guestbook </ display - name > < servlet > < servlet- name>gb</servlet-name > < servlet-class>guestbook.servlet</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet- name>gb</servlet-name > < url - pattern>/*</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping > </web-app>
war / WEB-INF / web.xml
Create an appengine - web.xml , putting your application ID into the application element .
< appengine - web- app xmlns= " http://appengine.google.com/ns/1.0 " >
< application >[ your application ID ] </ application > < version >1</version > < static - files /> < resource - files /> </appengine-web-app>
war / WEB-INF / appengine - web.xml
Create an ant build.xml file that compiles your application to the classes directory .
< project name = " guestbook - clj " basedir= " . " default = " compile " > ... here you 'll need to define project.
classpath ... ... see GitHub for the full working example file ... < target name= " compile " depends= " ... " >
< java classname=" clojure.lang.Compile " classpathref= " project.classpath " failonerror = " true " > < classpath path = " ${src.dir} " /> < sysproperty key =" clojure.compile.path " value= " ${classes.dir} " /> < arg value= " guestbook.servlet " /> </ java > </ target > </ project >
build.xml
I 've left out some of the details , but you can find a full working version on Github .
At this point you should be able to run your " Hello , World " iteration of the application locally using the development appserver and deploy to appspot using the appcfg executable ( or an Ant task if you prefer ) .
Now it 's just a matter of building your application using the tools Google AppEngine , Clojure , and Compojure make available to you .
The User Service
AppEngine has a simple API for dealing with user accounts .
Let 's greet logged in users by name .
You 'll need to import com.google.appengine.api.users.UserServiceFactory .
( ns ... ( : import ( com.google.appengine.api.users UserServiceFactory ) ) ) ... ( GET " / " ( let [ user - service ( UserServiceFactory / getUserService ) user ( .getCurrentUser user- service ) ] ( html [ :h1 " Hello , " ( if user ( .getNickname user ) " World " ) " ! " ] ) ) ) )
But we have to let users log in to see this work .
The UserService also exposes methods for creating login and logout URLs .
... ( GET " / " ( let [ user - service ( UserServiceFactory / getUserService ) user ( .getCurrentUser user- service ) ] ( html [ :h1 " Hello , " ( if user ( .getNickname user ) " World " ) " ! " ] [ :p ( link - to ( .createLoginURL user - service " / " ) " sign in " ) ] [ :p ( link - to ( .createLogoutURL user - service " / " ) " sign out " ) ] ) ) ) )
Now you should be able to log into your application and be greeted by name .
On the dev appserver , the login page will let you provide any username and check a box to indicate whether you should be logged in as an administrator for your application .
On the appspot servers , you 'll get a proper - looking Google Accounts login page .
The argument to createLoginURL and createLogoutURL is the path or URL the user should be redirected to after logging in or out .
( ns guestbook . servlet ... you no longer need to import UserServiceFactory ... ( : require [ appengine - clj.users : as users ] ) ) ( defroutes guestbook - app ( GET " / " ( let [ user - info ( request : appengine - clj / user - info ) user ( user - info :user ) ] ( html [ :h1 " Hello , " ( if user ( .getNickname user ) " World " ) " ! " ] [ :p ( link - to ( .createLoginURL ( user - info : user - service ) " / " ) " sign in " ) ] [ :p ( link - to ( .createLogoutURL ( user - info : user - service ) " / " ) " sign out " ) ] ) ) ) ) ( defservice ( users/wrap- with-user-info guestbook - app ) )
I 've extracted the basic user - lookup calls into a Ring middleware function and put it into the appengine - clj.users namespace in appengine - clj .
Here 's what our servlet looks like using that .
It 's about the same amount of code , it just looks a little more clojurey now .
( I 'm sorry : that 's not a word . )
Datastore
Next let 's collect guestbook entries and put them in the Datastore .
AppEngine for Java has support for a couple of standard Java persistence APIs , JDO and JPA .
But we 'll use the lower - level datastore API , which seems a better fit for a dynamic language like Clojure ( not to mention it does n't require us to implement Java classes to persist ) .
The Java API for datastore is pretty simple , but conceptually it 's different enough from a SQL database that it definitely takes some getting used to .
( I for one am still figuring it out . )
Here 's the sixty - second rundown of the bare essentials .
The basic unit of persistence is the Entity , which has a Map of String - keyed properties .
An Entity has a kind , which is a string denoting the type .
( But keep in mind there 's no schema here , so you can give any entity any properties . )
An Entity is identified by a Key which is something more than a normal DBMS identifier because it can hold an Entity 's association with a parent Entity .
Besides using the Key , you can retrieve Entities with a Query , which searches either a single kind of entity or descendent entities of a single ancestor ( or both , depending on which constructor you use ) and can apply simple filtering and sorting .
The natural Clojurized form of an Entity seemed to be a map , so what I 've started pulling out into appengine - clj.datastore is functions that allow Clojure code to work with an immutable map of keyword - keyed properties ( plus : key and : kind ) and have the library take care of translating into Entity objects .
Currently there are just create and find methods , since that was all the basic guestbook needed .
( But you know that Internet .
I 'll need a delete function before the week is out . )
Using appengine - clj.datastore , functions for creating and retrieving guestbook greetings are extremely simple .
( ns guestbook .
greetings ( : require [ appengine - clj.datastore : as ds ] ) ( : import ( com.google.appengine.api.datastore Query ) ) ) ( defn create [ content author ] ( ds / create {:kind " Greeting " : author author : content content : date ( java.util.Date . ) } ) ) ( defn find - all [ ] ( ds / find - all ( doto ( Query . " Greeting " ) ( .addSort " date " ) ) ) )
Note the creation of a com.google.appengine.api.datastore .
Query ( in find - all ) that pulls back all Greetings and orders them by date .
I 've considered a couple of approaches for cleaning up creation of a query from Clojure , but I have n't decided between something that looks fairly idiomatic vs something that reads just like GQL .
For the time being I 'm sticking with the Java - interop style since even that is nicely terse and readable .
Take a look at the tests for appengine - clj.datastore for more examples .
Speaking of which , this is a good time to mention that writing tests for datastore code is easy with appengine - clj.test - utils , which provides functions to set up an in -memory datastore .
The dstest macro used there creates a fresh datastore for each test .
If you 're using a different testing framework or prefer different scoping , you can call ds - setup and ds - teardown yourself .
( Do keep in mind that this is the development version of datastore , so we 'll all need to keep an eye out for differences between that and the real Datastore service . )
HTML and Form Handling
Now that we 've got our persistence straight ( and tested ) , let 's create a UI so users can sign the guestbook .
At this point it 's just plain Compojure code .
We 'll create one route to show the guestbook and a form to enter a greeting at " / " and another route for saving the greeting with a POST to " / sign " .
Here 's our function for signing the guestbook .
( defn sign - guestbook [ params user ] ( greetings / create ( params : content ) ( if user ( .getNickname user ) ) ) ( redirect - to " / " ) )
You can see there 's very little to it .
It takes the request parameters and a user , calls our greetings / create function , and redirects back to the guestbook .
The function for showing the guestbook is quite a bit more to swallow , since it includes our entire user interface .
( defn show - guestbook [ { : keys [ user user - service ] } ] ( let [ all - greetings ( greetings / find - all ) ] ( html [ : html [ : head [ : title " Guestbook " ] ] [ : body ( if user [ : p " Hello , " ( .getNickname user ) " !
( You can " ( link - to ( .createLogoutURL user - service " / " ) " sign out " ) " . ) " ] [ :p " Hello !
( You can " ( link - to ( .createLoginURL user - service " / " ) " sign in " ) " to include your name with your greeting when you post . ) " ] ) ( if ( empty ? all - greetings ) [ : p " The guestbook has no messages . " ] ( map ( fn [ greeting ] [ : div [ : p ( if ( greeting :author ) [ : strong ( greeting :author ) ]
" An anonymous guest " ) " wrote : " ] [ : blockquote ( h ( greeting : content ) ) ] ] ) all - greetings ) ) ( form - to [ POST " / sign " ] [ : div ( text - area " content " " " ) ] [ : div ( submit- button " Post Greeting " ) ] ) ] ] ) ) )
It takes the user - info map , which it destructures to grab the user and UserService .
It calls our greetings / find - all function to get the items to show and then uses Compojure 's html helpers to create the document .
For any real application you 'd want to break the view down into smaller pieces to avoid such a huge nested chunk of vectors ( or consider using another templating library like Enlive ) , but for this example I think it 's easier to understand what 's going on with the whole page in one function .
Finally here are the routes that wire it all together .
( defroutes guestbook - app ( POST " / sign " ( sign-guestbook params ( ( request :appengine-clj/user -info ) : user ) ) ) ( GET " / " ( show - guestbook ( request :appengine-clj/user-info ) ) ) )
Here I 'm using the : appengine - clj / user - info map that 's been assoc'd to the request by the Ring middleware .
See the entire servlet file on GitHub , including some enhancements for styling and to see some other code to exercise Clojure features on AppEngine .
The Big Caveat
Two unusual aspects of the Google AppEngine environment create pretty major constraints on your ability to write idiomatic Clojure .
First , an AppEngine application runs in a security context that does n't permit spawning threads , so you wo n't be able to use Agents , the clojure .
parallel library , or Futures .
Second , one of the most exciting features of AppEngine is that your application will be deployed on Google 's huge infrastructure , dynamically changing its footprint depending on demand .
That means you 'll potentially be running on many JVMs at once .
Unfortunately this is a strange fit for Clojure 's concurrency features , which are most useful when you have precise control over what lives on what JVM ( and simplest when everything runs on one JVM ) .
Since shared references ( Vars , Refs , and Atoms ) are shared only within a single JVM , they are not suitable for many of their typical uses when running on AppEngine .
You should still use Clojure 's atomic references ( and their associated means of modification ) for any state that it makes sense to keep global per-JVM , since there may be multiple threads serving requests in one JVM .
But remember JVMs will come and go during the lifetime of your application , so anything truly global should go in the Datastore or Memcache .
More to Come
I 'll try and expand on this in the future with more write - ups , including a discussion of special handling for static files ( which as of the version of the SDK I 'm using works great on the appspot servers even with a /* servlet mapping but not on the local dev appserver , where servlet mappings win out over static files ) .
If you 'll sign my silly little guestbook on the appspot servers , I 'd like to publish information on how many requests I got and how they performed .
Google also provides Java APIs for caching , image manipulation , making HTTP requests , and email .
I have n't even scratched the surface of those yet .
With fresh support in AppEngine for scheduled tasks and upcoming support for task queues , there 's more Clojure fun to be had .
Enjoy !
Update 7 September 2009 : Late last week , the App Engine Team released version 1.2.5 of the SDK , including both XMPP ( jabber instant messaging ) support , which is brand new , and Task Queues , which had been available in the Python SDK but are now available for Java ( and Clojure ) applications .
This article is about the guest star .
For the character , see Michael Jackson ( character ) .
Michael Jackson Guest Star Information Gender Status Birth August 29 , 1958 Death June 25 , 2009 ( aged 50 ) Nationality American Claim to fame Singer
Musician
Dancer
Actor
King Of Pop Character Leon Kompowsky First appearance Stark Raving Dad "
Michael Joseph Jackson ( August 29 , 1958 — June 25 , 2009 ) was an American singer , dancer , choreographer , businessman , and actor who guest - starred on The Simpsons in " Stark Raving Dad " as the speaking voice of Leon Kompowsky under the pseudonym John Jay Smith .
Jackson was a fan of the show [ 1 ] and called Matt Groening one night and offered to do a guest spot .
[ 2 ]
The idea for the episode was pitched by James L. Brooks and the script was written by Al Jean and Mike Reiss .
[ 3 ]
In an early version of script , Homer decided to take Barney in for rehab , but whilst there , Homer began acting crazily , so the doctors assumed he was the one to be committed .
[ 2 ]
Jackson pitched several story ideas for the episode , including Bart telling everyone in town that Jackson was coming to his house .
[ 3 ]
He also requested several script changes , including that he wanted to have a scene in which he and Bart wrote a song and asked that a joke about Prince be changed to one about Elvis Presley . [ 4 ]
Jackson especially liked Bart and wanted to give him a # 1 single , so he wrote much of the song " Do the Bartman " , even though he did n't receive credit for it .
[ 5 ]
Jackson also wrote the song " Happy Birthday Lisa " for the episode , which was later included in the album Songs in the Key of Springfield . [ 4 ]
One of Jackson 's conditions for guest starring was that he voiced himself , but a sound - alike would receive credit .
[ 5 ]
While he recorded the voice work for the character , his entire singing was performed by Kipp Lennon , [ 3 ] because Jackson wanted to play a joke on his brothers and fool them into thinking the impersonator was him . [ 5 ]
Jackson 's lines were recorded at a second session by Brooks . [ 4 ]
Jackson showed up for the recording session alone and did not use the special trailer that was set up for him . [ 3 ]
Lennon and Jackson recorded their parts at the same time , and Jackson found Lennon 's impersonations hilarious . [ 3 ]
Jackson actually did record versions of the songs , and while there have been rumors that those tracks were the ones used in the final episode , Chris Ledesma says the Lennon versions were used .
[ 4 ]
Leon Kompowsky 's normal speaking voice was recorded by Hank Azaria . [ 6 ]
He was mentioned in " Bart Sells His Soul " , when Bart says , " Milhouse , there is no such thing as a soul .
It 's just something parents made up to scare children , like the boogeyman or Michael Jackson . "
He was also mentioned in " The Bart of War " , where Homer refers to him having bought the rights to The Beatles ' library of music .
The producers of the show were actually legally prevented from confirming Jackson guest starred at the time , although many media sources assumed it was really him . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
After this episode the producers decided that if a celebrity wished to guest - star on the show , they had to be willing to be credited under their real name and not a pseudonym .
In " Itchy & Scratchy : The Movie " , during the commentary , the producers of the episode confirm that Michael Jackson and Dustin Hoffman were actors who were given pseudonyms .
At the end of Jackson 's music video " Black or White , " we see Bart dance to the song while watching it on the TV .
Unfortunately , Homer , yells at him to , " Turn off that noise ! "
Bart replies , " Chill out , Homeboy . "
Then , Homer angrily turns the TV off .
Death
References
On June 25 , 2009 , Jackson died due to acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication at age 50 .
By Robyn Hunter
Radio 4 - Woman's Hour
Martha
Ryder says she always thought she'd have a money - no - object wedding Ever wondered what to give the bride who can't afford everything ?
How about fairy lights , sequins , a petticoat , ribbons , three golden tiaras , a bubble machine , pink wire butterflies , a pair of size five wedding shoes , beaded gloves and pillar candles ?
Throw in a box of thank you cards , offers from photographers and beauticians , and six different sized wedding dresses and matching veils .
These are just some of the things that bride - to - be Martha Ryder has been given by Londoners via Freecycle - a website which matches people who have items to get rid of with those who could use them .
The internet listing service 's aim is to keep useable items out of landfills , and as the name suggests , it is all in the name of recycling and it is all free .
' The whole she - boogie ' Martha never envisaged getting married on the cheap .
Martha 's dream wedding is becoming a reality thanks to generous Freecyclers
For as long as she can remember she dreamed of having a money - no - object white princess wedding .
" A fairytale ball for all my friends and family , a gospel choir and a big disco , a beautiful sit - down meal , champagne fountains , ice sculptures , " she giggles , remembering , " oh yes , I wanted it all - the whole she - boogie ! "
But as little girls invariably grow up , so too do their wedding plans .
Her fiance , John , fell ill and had to stop working .
After his health deteriorated further , Martha ended up giving up her job to care for him .
' Simmering down '
Money was getting tighter , and so instead of a big traditional wedding , Martha 's next inspiration for bringing on marital bliss involved a Buddhist blessing on a Thai beach .
Then she found out she was pregnant .
Fridays are becoming the new Saturday
Deputy Editor Cathy Howes
You and Your Wedding " And then came the recession , " she says , which resulted in them losing thousands of pounds in share - related savings .
" I 'm not some kind of ' Bridezilla ' , " Martha assures , laughing loudly , before going on , " it 's not like I was going : I want to get married ; no matter what .
" It was more of needing to work out a way of simmering down the plans so we could still have the wedding that we wanted . "
A big figure Despite the unusualness of Martha 's situation , she is not alone .
A recent poll on the You and Your Wedding magazine website showed that 60 % of brides in the UK are reining in their expenses .
Probably not a startling snippet of information considering the current economic climate .
According to the magazine , the average British wedding now costs £ 20,000 .
You and Your Wedding 's Deputy Editor Cathy Howes admits it is a big figure .
" It includes all the traditional wedding expenses such as the reception venue and dress , " she says .
" But we also factored in things like tooth whitening , facials , wedding day fragrance , your honeymoon wardrobe - lots of things that might be associated with the cost of a wedding but are n't all necessary . "
And so obviously there are ways to get change out of such a huge amount .
Cathy suggests cutting guest lists as the easiest way to do so , likewise a bride can ask herself whether she really needs eight bridesmaids , to which , as she says : " Probably not ! "
Another tip from Cathy : " Fridays are becoming the new Saturday , " because , " in terms of availability , it is a much better thing and for price you 'll be in a position to negotiate . "
A green wedding Prioritising seems to be the key to cutting costs .
For recent bride Ria Lockie from Brighton , £ 20,000 was not even an option , being way over her £ 9,000 budget .
Another concern for Ria was that hers was a green - not white - wedding .
And so for the name tags on the tables , guests ' names were written on pebbles which she has since reused in her garden .
All the flowers for her big day were grown in her own and friends ' gardens .
All the produce was sourced locally too .
Ria 's dress was her biggest expense , but it was by a British designer and made here in the UK .
' Mad ' " I was very conscious of the fact that I did n't want a dress that was made in China and shipped from abroad , " she says , feeling that the cost is justified as she is recycling it - by having it altered into an evening dress .
Donated wire butterflies will decorate the donated organza favour bags Consequently , Ria 's success at making her wedding both cost - effective and environmentally - friendly has led to her doing the same for others through the setting up of her Ethical Occasions company .
Although it was never Martha 's intention to go green to get married , Freecycle has changed that for her and made her dream of having a big wedding come true .
Looking back at her pre-Freecycle life , she says : " I think I was mad .
" I can't believe I was actually going to pay thousands and thousands and thousands of pounds to get married . "
You can hear Martha Ryder featured on BBC Radio 4's Woman 's Hour Have your wedding plans changed as a result of the recession ?
Let us know and send us your stories via the postform below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of us is a text - messager - aholic , constantly fighting the urge to text ( or tweet ) while driving .
The boys from CarandDriver spent time determining just how bad it really is versus , say , drunk driving .
Turns out drunk driving 's safer .
Here 's why .
Advertisement
Former Jalopnik contributor Mike Austin wired a Racelogic VBOX III data logger C&D 's long - term Honda Pilot , recording vehicle speed via the VBOX 's GPS antenna and brake - pedal position and steering angle via the Pilot 's OBD II port .
He then wired a red light to the windshield to play the role of brake lights from an imaginary car ahead of the Pilot .
When the red light lit up , the driver 's supposed to hit the brakes .
Each trial , one with C&D young buck Jordan Brown and his trusty iPhone , the other with old man Eddie Alterman and a Samsung Alias ( we 're assuming he has n't yet received his Hachette - assigned Blackberry yet ) , would have the driver respond five times to the light , and the slowest reaction time — the time between activation of the light and driver hitting the brakes — was dropped.
hey'd
Advertisement
How'd they fare ?
Let 's let Mike tell us how Jordan Brown fared :
Intern Brown 's baseline reaction time at 35 mph of 0.45 second worsened to 0.57 while reading a text , improved to 0.52 while writing a text , and returned almost to the baseline while impaired by alcohol , at 0.46 .
At 70 mph , his baseline reaction was 0.39 second , while the reading ( 0.50 ) , texting ( 0.48 ) , and drinking ( 0.50 ) numbers were similar .
But the averages do n't tell the whole story .
Looking at Jordan 's slowest reaction time at 35 mph , he traveled an extra 21 feet ( more than a car length ) before hitting the brakes while reading and went 16 feet longer while texting .
At 70 mph , a vehicle travels 103 feet every second , and Brown 's worst reaction time while reading at that speed put him about 30 feet ( 31 while typing ) farther down the road versus 15 feet while drunk . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
And C&D head honcho Eddie Alterman ?
He fared much worse .
While reading a text and driving at 35 mph , his average baseline reaction time of 0.57 second nearly tripled , to 1.44 seconds .
While texting , his response time was 1.36 seconds .
These figures correspond to an extra 45 and 41 feet , respectively , before hitting the brakes .
His reaction time after drinking averaged 0.64 second and , by comparison , added only seven feet .
The results at 70 mph were similar : Alterman 's response time while reading a text was 0.35 second longer than his base performance of 0.56 second , and writing a text added 0.68 second to his reaction time .
But his intoxicated number increased only 0.04 second over the base score , to a total of 0.60 second .
Advertisement
So what does this mean — which is worse ?
It seems to us that if you are young and virile , it 's safer to be drunk driving than it is to be texting while driving , simply because you 're spending more time looking at the road even if you 're inebriated .
If , however , you 're old n' busted , it 's safer to be driven by one of those short community home vans .
Also , they should n't be texting while driving because it's hard for them to see the little buttons to press .
Silly old people — stick to drinking , not texting .
We 've got video from this morning 's Today Show where Mike and Eddie show Phil LeBeau how to hold a whiskey bottle properly behind the wheel coming shortly .
Want to read more — head over to CarandDriver .
Advertisement
UPDATE : Now we 've got video from today 's Today Show appearance .
Watch in amazement as Mike Austin gets , literally , like eight words in edge - wise !
But yes , that 's right , he did say Phil LeBeau did terrible !
TOKYO ( Reuters Life ! ) -
It ’s the wedding season in Japan but instead of opting for a small event in tough times , couples can rent fake family , friends and colleagues to plump up the guest list .
A traditional Japanese wedding at the Meiji shirne in Tokyo , April 27 , 2002 .
REUTERS / Ruben Sprich
Many in Japan see weddings as a formal event that must be attended by as many family members , friends and co-workers as possible .
At the party , bosses often give speeches , colleagues or friends stage performances , and families greet other guests .
But what if you ’ve got no one to do that for you ?
“ We ’ll attend the wedding as your friend instead of your friend , ” Hiroshi Mizutani , who heads Office Agents in Tokyo , a company that rents out guests , told Reuters .
“ Suddenly , a guest might not be able to make it .
Or maybe you are concerned about the gap in the number of guests you have compared to your partner .
Or , there are many temp workers these days and they may be uncomfortable inviting the boss . ”
For 20,000 yen ( $ 200 ) , Office Agents provides a staff member to attend the ceremony .
For an additional 5,000 yen , that person can perform a song or a dance .
Pitch in another 10,000 yen and that person can make a speech that would make you proud .
As recession hits Japan , Mizutani said work - related requests are rising , with clients asking for a fake boss , who in real life may have become too busy for the wedding after losing his job , or coworkers for temporary workers that switch offices often without getting to know those they work with .
At one wedding , all 30 of the family , friends and coworkers of the groom were fakes , Mizutani said .
This was the second marriage for the groom , who wanted to avoid inviting the same guests from the first wedding .
The firm gets about 100 wedding requests per year and has some 1,000 fakes available for various occasions , including funerals and training seminars .
It even offers fake lovers to introduce to your family and stand - in secretaries for those that want to look important .
The key qualification for Office Agents ’ staff is that they do not stand out .
“ What ’s important is that these are normal people ... normal as in they are cheery and clean and look like they have regular jobs , ” Mizutani said .
Sometimes not even the marriage partner is aware .
“ People are proud and they do n’t want to tell their partner that they do not have many friends , ” Mizutani said .
“ The environment is so that people do n’t have anyone to invite .
It may be that they are lonely and it may also be that the way people work are changing . ”
This is a blog post I ’ve intended to write for some time now .
I intended to come up with a great example , but I ’ve decided to go ahead and publish it and let you come up with your own examples .
Please share your examples in the comments .
One of the great strengths of Unix is the shell pipeline .
Unix has thousands of little utilities that can be strung together via a pipeline .
The output of one program can be the input to another .
But in practice , things do n’t go quite so smoothly .
Suppose the conceptual pattern is
A | B | C
meaning the output of A goes to B , and the output of B goes to C .
This is actually implemented as
A | < grubby text munging > | B | < grubby text munging > | C
because B does n’t really take the output of A .
There ’s some manipulation going on to prepare the output of A as the input of B .
Strip these characters from these columns , replace this pattern with this other pattern , etc .
The key point is the Unix commands spit out text .
Maybe at a high level you care about programs A , B , and C , but in between are calls to utilities like grep , sed , or awk to bridge the gaps between output formats and input formats .
The PowerShell pipeline is different because PowerShell commands spit out objects .
For example , if the output of a PowerShell command is a date , then the command returns a .NET object representing a date , not a text string .
The command may display a string on the command line , but that string is just a human - readable representation .
But the string representation of an object is not the object .
If the output is piped to another command , the latter command receives a .NET date object , not a string .
This is the big idea behind PowerShell .
Commands pass around objects , not strings .
The grubby , error - prone text munging between commands goes away .
Not all problems go away just because commands pass around objects .
For example , maybe one command outputs a COM object and another takes in a .NET object .
This is where more PowerShell magic comes in .
PowerShell does a lot of work behind the scenes to implicitly convert output types to input types when possible .
This sort of magic makes me nervous when I ’m programming .
I like to know exactly what ’s going on , especially when debugging .
But when using a shell , magic can be awfully convenient .
* * *
For daily tips on using Unix , follow @UnixToolTip on Twitter .
We 've been wondering for awhile about the unhinged rhetoric that 's been coming steadily from the mainstream right since Obama 's election , and the kinds of effects it will have on its audiences , especially over time .
Glenn Beck has become the most notable purveyor of this rhetoric in recent months , but its past master , Sean Hannity , is clearly intent on keeping his spot as the lead foam - flecked dog -- which was what last night 's Fox News show was all about .
It left Ellen at Newshounds wondering if Hannity was calling for armed revolt :
Hannity suspended his usual “ Hannity Headline ” to bring a “ special first segment of the show ” that was straight out of Glenn Beck 's playbook .
Is Hannity getting nervous as Beck gains on him in the ratings ?
As patriotic music played in the background , Hannity , who just a few weeks ago vehemently supported Governor Rick Perry 's threat of secession , quickly suggested that an uprising against the government might be in order .
“ In 1765 , Parliament passed The Stamp Act , provoking outrage among the American colonists , ” Hannity began .
“ Now , the leaders of the tax uprising were the sons of liberty . ”
Citing the names of Paul Revere , Patrick Henry , John Hancock and John Adams , Hannity explained that they met under a tree to “ air their grievances against the tyrannical King George .
The sons of liberty would become an early voice for the rights of an oppressed citizenry . ”
With awe in his voice , Hannity said that the colonists hung two tax collectors in effigy from a tree “ and from that day forward , it became known as the ' Liberty Tree . ' ”
In case anyone did n't quite snap to what he was getting at , Hannity added that under the last liberty tree , which stood at St. John 's College in Maryland , colonists “ held a tea party and listened to the words of founding father Samuel Chase . ” .. Hannity concluded by saying , “ This administration has plucked the tree of liberty bare .
It took more than 200 years but it now looks like we are headed back to where we started . ”
Meaning revolution ?
Hannity never said one way or the other .
When mainstream talk show hosts , addressing an audience that is politically stymied and increasingly angry and frustrated , start talking about " revolution , " they have to be aware that some of the more unstable elements in that audience -- particularly the paranoia - prone folks who have just been told repeatedly by the Hannitys and other Fox pundits that the DHS considers them a terrorist threat -- are going to be acting that rhetoric out in violent ways .
[ Y]ou ca n't tell me there 's no relationship between this kind of rhetoric and the even crazier talk coming from the radical right .
Because unlike the armchair right - wing pundits who indulge this stuff because it's a useful way to bestir the troops but could n't act to save their asses , some of these other people , the radicals who hear this talk and then pump the irrationality even farther , to its illogical extreme , are perfectly capable of acting upon it .
Of course , when it happens , Sean Hannity will find a way to blame liberals for it .
Google is learning the hard way that $ 704,000 in political donations to Barack Obama does n’t buy itself much protection from the Justice Department .
The Internet search giant is the subject of no fewer than four federal probes into how the company does business — the most recent of which is an investigation into Google ’s settlement with major book publishers that would let the company display millions of titles online for reading or downloading purchases .
The company is also being investigated for its hiring practices amid allegations it coordinated with other tech firms not to poach each other ’s employees and whether the company ’s behavioral ad practices invade consumers ’ privacy .
The company has also been questioned by the Federal Trade Commission about two directors who also sit on the board of Apple Inc .
It ’s hardly the kind of treatment Google was expecting after employees sank some $ 704,000 into Obama ’s presidential campaign , and given the access that several Googlers — including CEO Eric Schmidt — have to Obama and his inner circle .
Indeed , several key Google executives have taken jobs within the administration , including Andrew McLaughlin , who was Google ’s high - powered lobbyist in Washington and head of its global public policy .
And Schmidt has appeared publicly at Obama ’s side as a star member of the President ’s Council of Advisers on Science and Technology .
According to sources close to the company , people within the company are nervous at all the attention Google is getting .
However , publicly the company is downplaying the scrutiny .
“ We ’re not surprised by the scrutiny — it comes with the turf , ” said Adam Kovacevich , senior manager of global public affairs .
“ We ’ve had the good fortune to be successful , and with that success comes scrutiny from policy makers .
Google has a good story to tell how it promotes competition . ”
To be sure , Google ’s reach may beg some looking into :
The company controls about two - thirds of this country ’s Web searches , and rakes in one - third of the cash spent on Web ads .
In the latest round , some regulators , including several state attorneys general , are looking at the book publishers ’ deal for any possible ways it might block competition or use monopoly pressures to muscle other online enterprises out of the online book action .
The probe , first reported by The Wall Street Journal , is focusing on a deal struck nine months ago between Google and authors over the commercial controversies in putting books online .
Google paid $ 125 million to the book industry — namely the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers — to set up a so - called Book Rights Registry for settling their four - year class action struggle .
One of my favorite bloggers , John Cole , takes another one of my favorite bloggers , Andrew Sullivan , to task for this quote :
I am immensely grateful to those readers who have shared such personal , painful experiences with such candor and open hearts .
I have to say that I remain somewhat shaken by the emails – many of which we did n’t publish .
They reminded me of the human beings behind these tragedies , and forced me to reassess my own certainties and beliefs .
I still cannot in good conscience support these abortions ; but I can offer my profound gratitude for the readers who have forced this blogger to see things I had not fully grasped so keenly before ; and to return to them respect and empathy in the particulars , even while we may disagree in the abstract .
Here ’s
Cole ’s full response , which bears reading in its entirety :
1. ) What is wrong with your conscience that you “ ca n’t support ” their medical decision in this case ?
2 . ) No one is asking you for your support , anyway .
They are just asking that you help stop the people who are bombing the clinics where this is done , shooting the few doctors who provide these procedures , distributing wanted signs with rewards of them , hassling and stalking the people who work there .
In other words , they are asking that you treat the people threatening all of these people on a daily basis to be treated as they are - as a terror cell .
But your support for their medical decision ?
Trust me , your moral support is the last damned thing on their mind .
3 . ) Andrew is wildly against single - payer .
It ’s socialist .
Is he regularly donating to a charity that helps pay the millions of dollars of medical bills that multiple futile heart surgeries or multiple spinal surgeries these babies must endure before they die ?
Even the rosy scenario he posted yesterday states that only 50 % might live in some diminished capacity after multiple surgeries .
Or are these poor women supposed to not only give birth to a child that will probably never live a healthy day in its short life , in a risky childbirth that may kill the woman , but they also win hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical bills for futile procedures ?
Sorry about your luck , lady , but we have people ’s consciences to think about here .
Does Andrew think the only people going through this are upper East Side liberals with platinum health insurance and a six figure income and a disdain for human life ?
Is anyone in the pro-life community funding this for people ?
Or are they just too busy trading bomb - making tips with Operation Rescue ?
What this country really needs right now is a serious case of mind your own damned business .
We ’ve turned into a nation of busybodies and scolds , and people just need to back off .
And that goes for the people opposed to and trying to make illegal Andrew ’s marriage , for people like Andrew who sound like they want the weight of the law to come down on people making tragic medical decisions that lead to late - term abortions , for the nutjobs who thought they knew better than Michael Schiavo how to handle his horrible situation with his wife , to the lunatics screaming “ murder ” when we do stem cell research , and so on .
I ’m really sick of the crap , and I do n’t mean to harsh completely on Andrew , because I sense he does struggle with these matters .
But if Andrew ’s conscience can’t support a late - term abortion , then right now he is sitting pretty , because under our current system , anyone who does n’t want an abortion does n’t have to have one .
And that really should be the end of that .
I ’ve learned a lot about late - term abortion over the last few days .
Before the George Tiller assassination , I had n’t given it much thought .
After tearing away my ignorance , I came to a key realization :
Most women who choose to undergo a late - term abortion really wanted to have a baby .
Anti-choice demagogues like to demonize women who have abortions as irresponsible sluts who use abortion as a quick , easy form of birth control .
This kind of bullshit really does n’t apply to late - term abortions .
These are women who have carried the fetus inside their womb for a long time , only to later discover that the fetus has a horrible , crippling abnormality or that delivering the pregnancy would threaten the mother ’s life .
Having learned the above , I find it even more important for me to speak out on protecting a woman ’s right to choose .
Issues as complex , personal and private as these do n’t need me ( or Sullivan ) poking our noses in .
We really need to back the fuck off .
Back in October 2009 , we reported on the status of President Barack Obama 's promise to support the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) .
The act , signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1996 , says that states do not have to recognize same - sex marriages performed in other states and that the federal government does not recognize same - sex marriage .
At the time , we rated the promise Stalled , since although legislation had been introduced in Congress to repeal the law , the White House had not voiced support for the bill .
Since then , several key developments have taken place :
• Obama called for the repeal of DOMA in his remarks at the Human Rights Campaign Dinner on Oct. 11 , 2009 .
He again stressed that the law must be repealed in a Presidential Proclamation for Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Pride Month issued on May 28 , 2010 .
• In April 2010 , Obama issued a memorandum directing the Department of Health and Human Services to create a rule mandating that all hospitals that receive Medicare and Medicaid funding must grant visitation privileges to gay and lesbian partners of those who are in the hospital .
" In the absence of gay people being able to legally marry in most jurisdictions , this is a step to rectify a gross inequity " said David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights group .
• In June 2010 , the White House released a memorandum requiring executive agencies to extend benefits to same - sex domestic partners of federal employees .
The benefits include family assistance services , hardship transfers , as well as relocation expenses .
Obama noted that these benefits are in addition to the benefits that the Office of Personnel Management and the State Department had already extended to same - sex partners in 2009 .
The president has repeatedly called for DOMA 's repeal , and he has begun extending benefits to same - sex partners of federal employees .
These developments move the promise from Stalled to In the Works .
We briefly considered the argument that candidate Obama only promised to " support " the repeal of DOMA -- something he has done -- and should thereby get a Promise Kept .
After re-reading the letter to the LGBT community from which we got the promise , however , we decided against it .
The wording of the letter conveys a tone of assurance that Obama will do everything in his power to repeal DOMA .
Holding him to this standard , there 's still a lot left to do .
First , he 'll need some action from Congress , which has yet to pass the Respect for Marriage Act , a bill that would repeal DOMA .
The bill has over 100 co-sponsors , but it 's been lagging in committee since October 2009 .
If Obama is to fulfill his pledge of extending all benefits to same - sex partners of federal employees , Congress also needs to pass the Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 2009 .
Neither the Senate nor the House has yet to vote on the bill .
Another strike against Obama : The Department of Justice is embroiled in a legal battle with Massachusetts , which filed a suit against the federal government over DOMA 's constitutionality in July 2009 .
A DOJ spokesman has said that the president supports a legislative repeal of DOMA , but it is a long - held practice for the administration to defend federal laws that have not been deemed unconstitutional .
To recap :
The president is making some headway on his promise .
He has extended federal benefits to the extent permitted by law , has repeatedly called for DOMA 's repeal , and has directed the majority of U.S. hospitals to allow gay and lesbian individuals to visit their partners .
On the other hand , Congress has yet to pass either of the bills that Obama needs in order to repeal DOMA and to extend the rest of the federal benefits .
His Department of Justice is also fighting Massachusetts to uphold DOMA .
We 'll keep our eyes open for new developments , but for now , we 're moving this promise from Stalled to In the Works .
It ’s that time of the year again : the Top 500 list of supercomputers has been published , as they do every six months .
Just for fun , I decided to compare the list released this month to then - current list when OSNews launched ; we started in August 1997 , so let ’s compare the list of today to the one from June 1997 .
There are two comparisons that I find most interesting .
First of all , when we look at processor architectures , it ’s pretty clear that Intel has more or less taken over the entire market , with a massive x86 dominance .
I can assure you that predicting today ’s x86 dominance in the Top 500 list in 1997 would ’ve won you a talk with the men in white coats .
When we look at operating systems , it becomes quite obvious that Linux has taken over the Top 500 list .
AIX powers 21 machines , and Windows HPC 2008 does 5 of them .
There ’s an OpenSolaris machine , and a Super - UX one , and the rest is all Linux ( or at least partly Linux , such as Cray ’s UNICOS / lc ) .
So , the supercomputing market is more or less standardising on x86 and Linux – exactly , commodity hardware .
It 's a tough call for a nerd lost in the wilderness :
Use your cellphone battery to start a fire and survive the night , or play another game of Brickbreaker ?
At least with this guide you 'll have the option of survival .
A bit of steel wool held to a battery 's contacts will create a short and start to spark , and if you 're careful , you can direct that spark onto some pre-arranged tinder , starting a fire .
Of course , this also works with a 9 - volt battery , which I 'm almost positive Les Stroud has used on Survivorman , but it 's a nice idea to show it can be done with something we 've all got in our pockets .
[ via MAKE ]
by Chris Bodenner
Zachary Roth points out " the most radical argument " of Cheney 's " extremely radical " speech .
Cheney :
And when [ our enemies ] see the American government caught up in arguments about interrogations , or whether foreign terrorists have constitutional rights , they do n't stand back in awe of our legal system and wonder whether they had misjudged us all along .
Instead the terrorists see just what they were hoping for - our unity gone , our resolve shaken , our leaders distracted .
In short , they see weakness and opportunity .
Rule of law and democratic debate - even years after the emergency of 9/11 - are deemed weaknesses by this man .
Roth :
In other words , the very act of debating torture , or the process by which we try detainees , is encouraging terrorists to strike .
The implication , of course , is that dissent of any kind is dangerous .
Except , of course , the dissent of a former vice president openly repudiating a sitting president 's policies on the cable news circuit , claiming his policies will endanger American lives .
That 's being a " grownup " and " statesman , " according to Kristol :
Obama's is the speech of a young senator who was once a part - time law professor -- platitudinous and preachy , vague and pseudo - thoughtful in an abstract kind of way .
This sentence was revealing : " On the other hand , I recently opposed the release of certain photographs that were taken of detainees by U.S. personnel between 2002 and 2004 . "
" Opposed the release " ?
Does n't he mean " decided not to permit the release " ?
He 's president .
He 's not just a guy participating in a debate .
But he 's more comfortable as a debater , not as someone who takes responsibility for decisions .
( Unlike Dick " Stuff Happens " Cheney . )
My translation of Cheney 's speech : they hate us for our freedom , so let 's just get rid of the freedom part and then we 'll be safe .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A credit card with a built - in display is being tested by Visa with the aim of reducing online fraud .
The Emue Card generates and displays a unique code each time it is used .
Developers say that the new technology would make it very hard for fraudsters , as any transaction would require the pin to generate the code .
The card is currently being trialled by 500 employees of Deloitte with the aim of assessing the technology by the end of the year .
The new technology comes against a growing backdrop of fraud .
While chip and pin technology has helped reduce crime at the tills , when it comes to phone , internet , and mail order fraud - known in the industry as card - not - present or CNP fraud - the figures are growing every year and now make up more than 50 % of all credit card fraud .
These transactions ask for the 16 - digit code on the front of the card , and expiry date and some also ask for the three digit security card on the back .
All of these details are available to a criminal who has a stolen card .
The new code technology could reduce so - called ' card not present ' fraud According to figures from the Association for Payment Clearing Services ( Apacs ) - the trade forum for banks , building societies , and credit card firms - CNP fraud accounted for more than £ 328.4 million in 2008 , a rise of 13 % from the previous year .
Michelle Whiteman , a spokesperson for Apacs , said there were a number of problems in tackling CNP fraud .
" Firstly , you are n't able to check the card 's physical security measures , such as the hologram or signature .
" Then , at present , there is no form of chip and pin security .
" And finally , because of the anonymous nature of internet transactions , there fraudsters have a much lower chance of getting caught , which probably encourages some people who might otherwise not commit a crime , " she said .
Visa say the new Emue system could help combat this by adding an additional layer of security .
While the three - figure security code would remain , an additional four figure code - generated by the card - would also be required before a transaction could go through .
Backwards compatible Sandra Alzetta , head of innovation at Visa , said that the card was bringing the principles of chip and pin technology to the online world .
" The card needs to be globally compatible : that means embossed characters for mechanical swipes , a magnetic strip for systems that require a signature , the fixed three digit security code and now the unique four figure code .
" You have to remember that our cards work across the world and not every country or retailer has access to the level of technology we might be used to , " she said .
The new Emue card is currently on trial with Deloitte employees Ms Alzetta said she hoped field trials would be completed by the end of the year .
Once certified by Visa it is then down to the banks and credit card companies to decide if they take up the new technology , but Ms Alzetta said she was confident they would .
" I see this as a very consumer focused product and any Visa bank could add it to their commercial cards and make it available , assuming it passes muster . "
One of the problems facing developers was how to make sure the card could be handled like any other card without accidently pressing buttons or breaking the display .
" We 've made the buttons in such a way that you need to ' pinch ' them , rather than just press , for them to work .
" One of the things we 're testing is how long the battery lasts - the plan is for it to work for more than three years , which means your card should expire before it runs out of power . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kunitz
Pittsburgh forward Chris Kunitz has been fined the maximum amount under the collective bargaining agreement , $ 2,500 , for cross-checking Washington netminder Simeon Varlamov late in Game 2 on Monday night , ESPN.com has learned .
The fine comes in spite of calls from Washington star Alex Ovechkin for Kunitz to be suspended .
Reporters in Arlington -- where the Capitals practiced before traveling to Pittsburgh Tuesday afternoon -- heard an angry Ovechkin complain that the hit was a " cheap shot " and that Kunitz should be suspended .
" I think it 's dirty and I think the league has to do something about it , " Ovechkin was quoted as saying on the Washington Post Web site .
Stanley Cup Playoffs Blog Check out the latest updates and analysis from the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs as our NHL crew weighs in :
• 2009 Playoffs blog
Washington head coach Bruce Boudreau said after the Capitals ' 4 - 3 victory that Kunitz deliberately cross-checked his rookie netminder and called the hit " vicious " .
Pittsburgh Penguins ' coach Dan Bylsma said Tuesday he did n't think concerns over the play were justified .
" He was going to the net , trying to create a loose puck and trying to jam home a rebound , " Bylsma said .
" He had no intention of doing anything but that and trying to get back in the game .
For me , it was a battle , he was in there tight , was making contact with the goalie -- I do n't think there was intention to do anything other than create a loose puck . "
Scott Burnside covers the NHL for ESPN.com .
Stusser is a regular contributor to mental_floss magazine and that comes through loud and clear in his book .
The Dead Guy Interviews are short conversations between author Michael Stusser and famous figures from history .
Stusser brings these characters to life .
He captures their mannerisms and speech patterns with his wonderful humor and in his ' sassy journalistic ' style .
The interviews are witty , fast - paced , sometimes irreverant and full of anachronisms .
Stusser asks embarrassing questions , but his interviewees also variously insult him , make him wait , or get angry about a remark that was n't intended to offend them .
The strongest selling points of The Dead Guy Interviews is the ability of the author to mix commonly known reputations with lesser known biographical facts .
The compact bios before each interview refresh your memory , there is some impressive research work done , here !
By exposing historical rumors and monumental truths straight from the mouths of the dead guy 's and gals , Stusser gets you laughing out loud .
This makes his book both educational and hilarious , and highly recommended for anyone who loves history or biographies .
It 's really like sitting down with Napoleon or Cleopatra !
The Dead Guy Interviews is one of those concepts you wonder why no one ever thought of before .
In a drama workshop or as a high school history teacher , this book about famous dead guys & gals is a godsend .
If you 'd like to liven up a dinner party , here 's a great idea !
Have people study a historical character and let them be interviewed by a slightly aggressive reporter .
Can you get the right gestures and accents ?
Maybe you can wear period costumes , why not ?
Lump of right - wing pig offal that talks
We must adhere to tradition because once we tamper with tradition , society goes to hell .
It ’s a scary world out there , and the people who have always run things can protect us , but only if we stay with our traditions and keep things the way they have always been .
People who are different from us create problems , and we do n’t want our traditions or the carefully built structure of our society undermined .
RIP
Do you think a talking pile of North Carolina pig offal with a wandering eye would bind the hands of the world 's greatest poet and drag him out to an empty field with her right - wing comrades ?
Do you think she would pick up an NRA - sanctioned semi-automatic , scream " Jesus I love you ; take this filthy maricón to hell , " and shoot him in the back ?
But first make him dig his grave ?
It 's hard to imagine political figures doing something like that -- or even just ordering it be done .
But it happens .
Why ?
Last night I watched a screener for the film , the story of the stunted romance between Federico García Lorca and Salvador Dalí .
It was set as the far right overthrew the democratically elected government of Spain and plunged that country into a horrifying abyss where it lingered in reactionary misery for over four decades .
By the end of the film I was haunted by the putrid display I had watched of the talking pile of North Carolina pig offal with the wandering eye calling the brutal torture and murder of Matthew Shepard a " hoax " on the floor of the House of Representatives last week as she prepared to vote against the kinds of hate crimes by which gay people like Matthew Shepard and Federico García Lorca come to be murdered in lonely , desolate fields by people like Virginia Foxx .
After García Lorca 's execution on August 19 , 1936 he was tossed into an unmarked grave , the circumstances of his death shrouded in secrecy and his work -- the work of the Spain 's greatest poet -- was banned for nearly two decades and then released with all references to gay love murdered like him and hidden like his dead body -- and by the same foul , small - minded right - wing offal .
García Lorca 's brilliant work was resurrected with the death of a Spanish antecedent of Virginia Foxx , Francisco Franco , self - proclaimed defender of traditional values , resurrected through the efforts of Joan Baez and Leonard Cohen , Antonio Machado , Dmitri Shostakovich , The Pogues and The Clash Right - wing icon Jack Kemp died yesterday .
He was n't murdered for having been , at one time , gay - for - pay ; he died an old man ( 73 ) , of cancer , having denied " the incident " his whole life .
The same way Larry Craig does .
( Democrats are less likely to stay in the closet and last night former state Senator and California Democratic Party chairman Art Torres came out .)
Rightists do n't accept their homosexuality and can't abide anyone else accepting their own .
To quote Mike Lux , in an explanation of the conservative pathology in his book , Just ask Francisco Franco or Virginia Foxx .
SAN DIEGO , May 10 ( UPI ) --
The cash - strapped U.S. Navy is threatening to leave sailors ashore and without bonuses intended to keep them in the service , officials said .
The San Diego Union - Tribune reported Sunday that the Navy is being forced to cut costs until next fiscal year , which begins Oct. 1 , amid a projected $ 417 million shortage in ship maintenance funds this year .
Advertisement
The newspaper reported that the shortfall occurred because maintenance money for Navy surface ships has n't kept pace with the 19 percent increase in ships ' maintenance needs .
Congress is considering an $ 83 billion spending bill to get the Pentagon through the rest of the current fiscal year and ease cuts .
Last year , Washington had to funnel nearly $ 1 billion into the operations and maintenance accounts of the four military in a midyear supplement to the regular Pentagon budget .
" The Navy 's reliance on emergency defense supplemental appropriations to fund routine ship maintenance in recent years begs for re-examination , " Sen. Jim Webb , D - Va. , wrote on his Web site .
" Such funding should be included in the core budget , and it should be protected . "
Regulation is n't going to put an end to the economic crisis , said Amitai Etzioni in The New Republic .
" What needs to be eradicated , or at least greatly tempered , is consumerism : the obsession with acquisition that has become the organizing principle of American life . "
There are n't enough regulators in the world to protect us from the bad behavior that created this mess -- we 'll only be safe when we all internalize how we ought to behave .
Consumers are already cutting back on spending , said Barbara Kiviat in Time , and that 's slowing down the recovery .
American families , " whose overspending largely got us into this mess , " are swearing off buying sprees and focusing on paying off or simply shirking the " burdensome obligations -- from mortgages to car loans to credit - card debt . "
Until consumers get their finances in order and start spending again , " the economy can't fully bounce back . "
Thrifty consumers are n't the only factor slowing the economic recovery , said Douglas McIntyre in AOL 's Daily Finance .
Interest rates are rising , and so are oil prices , which could cause businesses with big transportation costs to lay off more workers , and force already cash - strapped households to choose between paying the mortgage or heating the house .
" The economy may be able to absorb one blow as it begins to turn around .
Two blows is another matter altogether . "
Good political writing , whether the reader agrees or disagrees , should make the reader thirst to read more .
It makes the reader not content with what is on the pages of one single book , regardless of how well written it is .
It makes the reader either question some of his convictions or makes him stronger in them , sometimes both at the same time .
“ Liberty and Tyranny : A Conservative Manifesto ” by Mark R. Levin is one of those books .
Among friends and family , many of whom are nowhere near as interested in politics as I am , I 'm considered very knowledgeable by those who agree with me , and probably insane by those who disagree .
To both those groups , I humbly admit I am little more than a “ back bencher ” at best and a “ big dope ” at worst .
For those who do n't listen to Mark 's show , those are two terms he frequently uses .
Throughout his book , Levin refers to America 's founding documents ( the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution ) , the Federalist and Anti-Federalist papers , as well as such great thinkers as Adam Smith , Edmund Burke , Alexis de Tocqueville et al to discuss the type of government our system was intended to be .
To illustrate how we got to where we are now , he quotes Karl Marx , Saul Alinsky and even several of our Presidents and other officials of both Democratic and Republican stripes , showing the steps that destroyed the firewalls of the Constitution .
Levin calls to task many politicians for their role in promoting “ Statism ” and the “ soft tyranny ” that exists in today 's government .
He lashes out at Democrats for their role in growing the bureaucracy , but also calls many Republicans to task for the same .
Many of his ideas challenge the status quo that has been promoted by both major parties – the “ progressive ” income tax and federal involvement in education just to name two – in an attempt to get people to think independently .
As I read , I found myself checking out the bibliography at every single footnote with the thought , “ I definitely have a lot more reading to do . ”
I 've read , listened to and watched people of various opinions in the media talk about how things ought to be , but few if any have delved as deeply in my opinion as Mark Levin .
I found myself more convinced than ever before of the dangers of the ever growing federal government , and of the constant surrender of states ' rights that has transformed them from the entities that created and should be the biggest check on federal power to mere appendages of the bloated administrative state in DC .
I found myself in disagreement with some of the finer points of his arguments on foreign policy , but believing more firmly in the damage we have done to ourselves as a nation by swinging between three extremes of isolationism , interventionism and globalism .
All have , in one way or another , weakened us as a nation .
This big dope enthusiastically recommends “ Liberty and Tyranny ” to all , not as a be all and end all of political thought , but as a springboard to greater knowledge of government as it is and as it was meant to be .
As for me , I have a great deal more reading to do .
Back when the housing mania was taking off , Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank famously said he wanted Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to " roll the dice " in the name of affordable housing .
That did n't turn out so well , but Mr. Frank has since only accumulated more power .
And now he is returning to the scene of the calamity -- with your money .
He and New York Representative Anthony Weiner have sent a letter to the heads of Fannie and Freddie exhorting them to lower lending standards for condo buyers .
You read that right .
After ...
( CNN ) --
A man accused of making threatening statements about killing President Obama has been arrested in Nevada , the Secret Service said Saturday .
Daniel James Murray was arrested Friday night in the parking lot of the Riverside Resort Hotel and Casino in Laughlin , Nevada , said Secret Service spokesman Malcolm Wiley .
Murray recently withdrew $ 85,000 from a bank in St. George , Utah , in two separate visits and told a teller , " We are on a mission to kill the president of the United States , " according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Utah .
According to the complaint , Murray opened an account at Zions First National Bank on May 19 with an $ 85,000 check .
" With all this mess going on under President Obama with banks and the economy , I 'm sure if citizens happen to lose their money , they will rise up and we could see killing and deaths , " he said , according to the complaint .
Do n't Miss Authorities hunt for man charged with threatening Obama
On May 27 , he returned to the bank and tried to withdraw $ 12,000 , but lacked proper identification .
" Not to be disrespectful , but if I do n't get this money , someone is going to die , " Murray said , according to the complaint .
A bank manager was summoned and Murray was allowed to withdraw the money without proper identification .
Murray would not accept a check and demanded bills no larger than $ 50 , the complaint says .
" We are 94 million miles from the sun , and are in - between the sun and moon , and the eagle that flies between them and it's a giant step for mankind .
... I have traveled thousands of miles to be here and know things that are going to happen .
... the banking system will fail and people will die .
... there will be chaos in the world , " Murray said , according to the complaint .
He then made his threat against the president , the complaint says .
The next day , Murray returned to the bank , withdrew the rest of his money and closed the account , a bank teller told authorities .
CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Secret Service • Crime
The Department of Justice has announced that indictments have been handed down by a Grand Jury for three more executives that have been charged in the LCD price fixing scandal .
Two of the executives are from Chunghwa Picture Tubes and one is from LG Display .
The indictments were filed in the US District Court in San Francisco and charge that Cheng Yuan Lin , Wen Jun Cheng , and Duk Mo Koo all participated in the conspiracy at different periods between around September 14 , 2001 and December 1 , 2006 .
At the time of participation , Lin was the Chairman and CEO of Chunghwa and is currently a resident of Taiwan .
Cheng was the Assistant VP of Sales and Marketing for Chunghwa and is a resident of Taiwan .
Koo was , at the time of his participation , the Executive Vice President and Chief Sales officer of LG and is now a citizen of the Republic of Korea .
Each of the three men is charged with violations of the Sherman Act .
The maximum penalty for Sherman Act violations before June 22 , 2004 is three years in prison and a fine of up to $ 350,000 .
The maximum penalty for violations of the Sherman Act after June 22 , 2004 is up to ten years in prison and a fine of $ 1 million .
Only Lin's violation occurred before the June 22 , 2004 date .
Further Reading :
USDOJ
The recent feature film “ State of Play ” does n’t try to spite technology or make a character of it .
Instead , it puts on screen the very antagonism that bedevils filmmakers : the one between technology and drama .
The movie turns an investigative reporter named Cal McAffrey ( played by Russell Crowe ) into a figure for analog values , including experience , memory , face - to - face interaction , moral ambiguity , dirt and ink .
Initially , Cal assumes ( fearfully ) that “ life ” must exist in opposition to the Internet .
Whenever he ’s confronted with the profits , presumptions and conventions of the Web , he balks .
You can imagine that his cry from the heart strikes a chord with traditional filmmakers as well as newspapermen .
( Shouted at the Web , “ This is n’t reporting ! ” could easily be “ This is n’t filmmaking ! ” )
For its part , the Internet plays an endearing straw man in “ State of Play . ”
In one scene , Cal is shown surveying the Web site of a big company while he seeks out a corporate informer on the phone .
“ I need someone to dig a little deeper , ” he says , meaning , presumably , deeper than the corporation ’s home page .
As Cal sets out to prove to the blogger Della Frye ( Rachel McAdams ) , real reporting requires grit and shoe leather .
His saltiness is silly , but he ’s plainly right ; only the shallowest investigations can be conducted on the Internet alone .
At the same time , the film gives Della a legitimate hearing .
A digital habitué , she ’s drawn — as the best bloggers are — to documentation and verifiable facts ; she resists narrative sleights of hand ; she ’s at ease with a hybrid of professional and personal life ; she ’s not sentimental about the booze , misery and squalor that Cal stipulates are hallmarks of the reporter ’s life .
Nonetheless , it ’s Della who delivers the Luddite message at the film ’s end , when she and Cal have saved the day with a front - page story .
“ With a piece this big , ” she says , “ people should probably have newsprint on their hands when they read it . ”
The line ’s a groaner , perhaps — I heard actual groans in an L.A. theater — but it tracks with the film ’s logic : life before the Internet , as well as modern - day life offline , is dirtier than life online .
It ’s less anonymous .
It ’s less aloof .
Participants touch one another and get sullied and stained and implicated .
This friction and filth may bring people closer to certain kinds of stories , but it may also produce certain kinds of stories .
Della and Cal ’s front - page article — which is , through the course of the movie , retrieved in stinky places , including underground tunnels and open - air fish markets — may be best understood in ink .
But for reporters or filmmakers bent on getting the truth , the Internet should be boisterously confronted ( as on “ 24 ” ) or ironically bracketed ( as on “ Damages ” ) but not limply wished out of existence ( as in most mediocre entertainment ) .
The Internet is reality now , a vast reality , at least as weird and complex a place as a soot - stained city or a scorching desert .
As many problems as the Internet presents for traditional forms of representation , every serious journalist and filmmaker misses a big chance when he refuses to contend with it .
Points of Entry : THIS WEEK’S RECOMMENDATIONS
THE ONLY WINNING MOVE IS NOT TO PLAY : Oh , but it ’s way too late for that .
To conjure the Internet in the old days , plan a Netflix festival .
Include the bad and the good : “ War Games ” ( 1983 ) , “ The Net ” ( 1995 ) , “ Hackers ” ( 1995 ) , “ You ’ve Got Mail ” ( 1998 ) , “ The Matrix ” ( 1999 ) and the bubble - era documentary “ Startup.com ” ( 2001 ) .
If you love to bike , you 'll love Davis .
The California city , located 11 miles west of Sacramento , has long been known for its progressive approach to transportation and its love for all things bike .
Davis has more bikes than cars , operates two bicycle advisory committees and employs two full - time bike coordinators , and has bike lanes on 95 - percent of its major streets .
It 's innovative approach and long - term commitment to creating and maintaining bicycle - friendly infrastructure and policy has led many to hail the city as the number one bike friendly communities in the United States .
" I do n't know about number one , " John Berg , Chair of the Davis Bicycle Advisory Committee , told Wired.com .
" But we are a leader . "
Part of what has placed Davis on the cutting edge of progressive bike policy is that it started early .
" We 've been doing this for a long time , " Berg says .
" We opened our original bike lanes in 1967 . "
But at that time , California did n't share Davis ' enthusiasm for bike lanes , arguing that they were against the law .
So Davis went to the state legislature and fought to have the laws changed .
Later , when the California Department of Transportation began developing its own statewide bicycling guidelines , it looked to Davis as a model .
Since then , the city has implemented a series of bike friendly innovations that other cities should look to for inspiration .
It 's built bike - only roundabouts , bike signal heads to improve traffic flow and detection technology that increases efficiency and safety .
Innovation has been supported by strong and consistent funding .
The League of American Bicyclists says that Davis budgets $ 100,000 a year for bike path maintenance and has spent $ 14 million dollars on bike projects in the last 10 years .
That comes out to $ 215 for each of the city 's 65,000 residents .
" Our budget is n't huge , " Berg says .
" But we work effectively with what we have . "
Demographics have also worked to Davis ' advantage .
" Being a college town is a big benefit for us , " Berg says .
" The central ( UC ) campus is closed to cars , so if students want to get around bikes are really their best bet . "
He adds that today most of Davis ' new residential developments are designed to include bike infrastructure , which eliminates the need to spend big money later on retrofits .
Davis ' commitment to bikes has n't gone unnoticed .
It is one of only three cities to have achieved a platinum designation on the League of American Bicyclists ranking of bike friendly communities ( .pdf ) , and is regularly cited as a model for how bike policy can enhance quality of life .
In 2005 , Davis was ranked as one of the top 25 top cities to live well by Forbes magazine .
But Berg admits that its not all perfect .
He says the city is struggling to accommodate bikers in its congested downtown core , and that the percentage of city residents using bikes as their primary mode of transport has dropped as new arrivals from Sacramento settle into the area .
" Newcomers love the idea of moving into a community where everyone bikes , but then they need to get into their cars everyday to drive , " he says .
And while the city might be progressive , it 's facing the same financial realities as every other community , and Berg admits that there has n't been lots of money to go around .
He 's hopeful though , that economic stimulus dollars will make a difference .
" I 'm feeling optimistic about where things are going , " he says .
" We 're already starting to see some effects , and I think there will be money there for us to dedicate to transit projects . "
Photo : Flickr / kate at yer ownrisk
As you would probably expect , probing through the internet one can find many lists and sites dedicated to people who have suddenly and mysteriously died .
This is only normal as in human nature there is a desire to understand the concept of death .
We want specific details , so that we can recreate and understand what our loved ones were feeling as they passed .
There are certain celebrities , government officials , and historical figures that you would expect to see on this list .
People such as JFK , Kurt Cobain , Marilyn Monroe , Elvis , Jimmy Hoffa , and Heath Ledger make most collections like this .
Sometimes I find it a bit redundant because I have already heard everything about these specific cases .
I have compiled a list of the circumstances surrounding 10 shocking deaths that you might not have heard of .
10 . Owen Hart ( 1965 - 1999 )
Owen was a Canadian professional wrestler who was a member of the WWF .
Hart was the youngest of twelve children , including wrestling star Bret Hart .
He was a two - time Intercontinental champion , four - time World Tag Team Champion , and winner of the 1994 King of the Ring .
On May 23 , 1999 Hart was set to headline the Over the Edge pay - per - view event .
To make his entrance Hart was going to propel from the stadium rafters using a harness and rappel line .
The original plan was to have Hart become “ entangled ” in the harness as he reached ring level , then suddenly release himself only to fall on his face for comedic affect .
This required him to use a quick release mechanism on the harness .
As the stunt was being performed something went horribly wrong and the mechanism was activated when Owen was 78 feet in the air .
He fell and landed chest - first on the top rope of the ring and died almost instantly from internal bleeding and blunt chest trauma .
It was a complete surprise and utter tragedy .
The Hart family sued the WWF for liability and they settled for $ 18 million dollars .
9. Judith Barsi ( 1978 -1988 )
Judith was born in Los Angeles , California to two immigrants who had fled the 1956 Soviet occupation of Hungary .
Her mother dreamed of her daughter becoming a successful Hollywood actress .
It soon became a reality as Barsi was a bit small for her age and had the advantage of being able to play roles of younger children .
This helped propel her career and she soon became a television staple .
She starred in over 70 commercials during the 80’s .
She often worked with Lays chips and Biz Bleach detergent .
She also appeared in numerous television shows and movies .
Barsi is probably most famous for lending her voice for the character of Ducky in the film The Land Before Time .
She also played Anne-Marie in the animated classic All Dogs Go To Heaven .
As Judith became more famous her father gained a deep sense of manic jealously and paranoia towards her .
He was mentally and physically abusive throughout her lifetime .
On July 27 , 1988 , Jozsef Barsi took a gun and murdered Judith and her mother .
He then dosed the bodies , himself , and the house with gasoline and started a fire .
Judith ’s grave stone reads “ Our Concrete Angel – Yep Yep Yep , ” referring to her character Ducky ’s catch phrase .
8. Bradley Nowell ( 1968 -1996 )
Nowell was raised in Long Beach , California and was an instant guitar hero .
Legend claimed that if you played a tune once for Bradley he could mirror the riff down to the last note .
In 1988 , Bradley founded the group Sublime with bassist Eric Wilson and drummer Bud Gaugh .
Sublime was an influential band that blended reggae , hip hop , and ska music behind an incredible guitar presence .
They really helped to pave the way for the punk rock movement during the 1990’s .
After the band ’s first two albums , Nowell became frustrated and depressed by the rejection from mainstream record labels .
He descended into a two - year heroin “ experiment ” as he called it .
He tried to justify his abuse by claiming that the drugs aided in his artistic creativity .
With the launch of the album 40 Oz to Freedom the band was soon signed to a major label , but by that point Nowell had become completely addicted .
It got so bad that he took to pawning his guitars for quick cash , only to buy them back later .
While on a world tour in 1996 Bradley Nowell was found dead in his bed from an accidental heroin , Valium , and alcohol overdose .
Similar to Kurt Cobain and Nirvana , Bradley Nowell was everything to Sublime , an irreplaceable presence that will be greatly missed .
7. Jessica Dubroff ( 1988 - 1996 )
Jessica was born in Hercules , California and quickly became enamored with airplanes .
She enrolled in piloting classes and became one of the youngest children ever to fly .
The 7 - year - old decided that she wanted to be the youngest person to fly an airplane across the United States .
For her attempt , she would be accompanied by her father and flight instructor .
It was a national story and labeled the “ Sea to Shining Sea Flight . ”
The plan was to make numerous stops along the way , dividing the voyage into sections .
Her flight was constantly followed by news outlets and general supporters .
Minutes after taking off from the Cheyenne , Wyoming airport her aircraft crashed in a heavy and sudden rainstorm .
Everyone on board was killed .
It was concluded that the airplane was overweight and the poor decision to continue with the mission despite the incoming bad weather was the cause of the crash .
Her famous last words were recorded “ Do you hear the rain , do you hear the rain ? ” Jessica Dubroff was a true explorer and aviation pioneer .
She was a special girl who will greatly be missed .
6. Rajiv Gandhi ( 1944-1991 )
In 1947 , India gained its independence .
Three years later the Constitution of India was created .
The preamble of this constitution defines India as a sovereign , socialist , and secular republic .
Socialism refers to a set of economic theories of social organization promoting collective ownership .
During this time the Nehru - Gandhi family took control of the Indian National Congress .
Jawaharlal Nehru encouraged his only daughter Indira Gandhi to become active in Congress politics .
Indira Gandhi soon became the first female Prime Minister of India .
She had two sons Rajiv and Sanjay Gandhi .
Sanjay greatly influenced his mother ’s political decisions .
While adhering to its strong socialist policies India was not growing with the rest of the world .
The country was being economically isolated .
Sanjay died in a plane crash in 1980 .
In 1984 , Indira Gandhi was assassinated by her body guards .
Upon her death , Rajiv Gandhi became the 9th and youngest Prime Minister of India .
He began leading in a direction significantly different from his mother ’s socialism ; he promoted economic liberalization .
He improved bilateral relations with the United States , expanded economic and scientific cooperation , increased support for science and technology industries , and reduced import quotas , taxes , and tariffs on technology - based industries .
Sadly , on May 21 , 1991 Thenmuli Rajaratnam , a member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , strapped a bomb to herself and while she bent down to touch Rajiv ’s feet ( an expression of respect among Hindus ) she detonated a bomb killing him instantly .
Since Rajiv ’s death India ’s economy has become the second fastest growing major economy in the world , creating thousands of jobs and opportunity for the citizens .
As of 2009 , about 300 million people , equivalent to the population of the entire United States , have escaped extreme poverty because of Rajiv Gandhi and his stance on economic liberalization .
5. Joe Delaney ( 1958 - 1983 )
Delaney was born in Henderson , Texas and went on to play football at Northwestern State University .
He was a two - time All - American selection and was drafted as the 41st pick of the 1981 NFL draft by the Kansas City Chiefs .
Delaney was named the 1981 AFC Rookie of the Year with 1,121 rushing yards .
Before Priest Holmes arrived , Delaney held the Kansas City record for most yards in a season ( 1,121 ) , most yards in a game ( 193 ) , most consecutive 100 - yard games ( 3 ) , and the most 100 - yard games for a season ( 5 ) .
He was selected to the Pro Bowl as a rookie .
After one contest Hall of Famer , Elvin Bethea , proclaimed , “ He is right up there with O.J. Simpson , Gale Sayers , and Walter Payton , he is great with a capital G. ” On June 29 , 1983 Delaney attended Critter ’s Creek , which is a local amusement park in Monroe , Louisiana .
He warned children not to swim in a watering hole , which had been created by recent construction work and was not for recreation .
After hearing screams Joe Delaney dove in the pond and tried to save the life of three children who were being sucked under the water .
He was not a skilled swimmer , but had a heart of gold .
One child made it out safely , Delaney and the two others drowned .
Joe Delaney was truly a special man who will never be forgotten .
He had all the intangibles necessary to be one of the greatest NFL running backs in the history of the game .
4. Jeremy Lusk ( 1984-2009 )
Jeremy was born in San Diego , California and early on was completely captivated by bikes .
He became a professional motocross rider when he was 19 - years - old .
With his choice Yamaha YZ 250 , Lusk made an instant impact on the sport .
Winning numerous competitions as of late , this man was just hitting his true prime .
In 2008 , he won the gold at the X Games in motocross freestyle and best trick competitions .
He was also awarded the bronze helmet at the 2008 Moto X World Championships .
On February 7 , 2009 , Jeremy Lusk was killed while trying to land a “ Hart Attack Indian air back flip . ”
He was performing in a freestyle motocross competition in San Jose , Costa Rica .
Lusk had successfully landed the trick before , but it is extremely difficult .
He under - rotated the flip which caused his front wheel to strike the landing , subsequently throwing him head - first off the bike .
He suffered extreme brain damage and three days after the crash entered into cardiac and respiratory failure .
This accident makes it clear just how dangerous motocross sports have become .
New rules need to be adopted so that tragedies like this one can be prevented .
I would say we owe it to the legacy of Jeremy Lusk .
3. Danny Gans ( 1956-2009 )
Las Vegas , Nevada has become a tourist spectacle .
It is one of the fastest growing U.S. cities .
Nineteen of the world ’s twenty - five largest hotels are found on the Las Vegas Strip .
This creates an incredible demand for magic shows , concerts , theatre , and various forms of entertainment .
Danny Gans was born in Los Angeles , California and attended Cal Poly University at San Luis Obispo .
He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox , but his baseball career came to a quick end when an opposing player ’s cleats tore his Achilles tendon while fielding a ground ball .
Gans turned to the entertainment industry , landing small roles in Bull Durham and the CBS miniseries Sinatra .
In 1995 , he created a comedy show .
He was a talented singer and vocal impressionist .
It was so good that he was noticed by executives and signed to perform on the Las Vegas Strip .
He was billed as “ The Man of Many Voices . ”
In 2000 , The Mirage Hotel built The Danny Gans Theatre for him to perform on a nightly basis .
He signed a $ 150 million dollar contract with the company .
His show was truly remarkable and he was named “ Las Vegas Entertainer of the Year ” a record 11 times in a row .
On May 1st , 2009 authorities received a phone call claiming that Gans was having trouble breathing .
Paramedics attempted to treat an unresponsive Gans when they arrived , but he was declared dead at the scene .
When writing this article his cause of death is yet to be released .
2. Bruce Edwards Ivins ( 1946-2008 )
Ivins was a senior biodefense researcher at the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases for 18 years .
He graduated from the University of Cincinnati with a PhD in microbiology in 1976 .
On September 18 , 2001 letters containing an active anthrax material were mailed to a variety of news media offices and to two Democratic U.S. Senators .
In all , five people were killed and 17 were infected .
You can imagine the terror that spread throughout America in the days following the attacks .
This was only one week after 9/11 and people were already on edge .
Some of the only clues investigators had were two letters mailed that claimed “ this is next , take penicillin now , death to America , you ca n’t stop us , and are you afraid . ”
Immediately following the attacks government officials announced this to be a second - wave assault by Al Qaeda .
In 2002 , a report came out that confirmed that the “ DNA sequence of the anthrax sent through the U.S. mail in 2001 had bacteria that originally came from a U.S. military laboratory . ”
A huge investigation pursued and on August 6 , 2008 , federal prosecutors declared Bruce Edwards Ivins to be the sole culprit of the crime .
This puts Ivins up there with some of the worst and most legendary American terrorists of all time .
In July of 2008 the FBI did not arrest Ivins , but informed him that he was going to be charged with the crimes .
Two - weeks later he committed suicide by overdosing on acetaminophen
1. Samantha Smith ( 1972 -1985 )
Samantha was born in Manchester , Maine during a time when the Cold War was an important international issue .
In 1982 , Yuri Andropov became the new leader of the Soviet Union .
Mainstream Western newspapers ran many negative articles about him ultimately claiming that his leadership was a threat to peace between the nations .
After Time magazine published an issue with Andropov on the cover , 10 - year old Samantha Smith turned to her mother and said “ if people are so afraid of him , why does n’t someone write a letter asking if he wants to have a war or not ? ”
That is what she did , she wrote a letter to the Soviet leader .
Her letter was published in a Soviet newspaper and to her surprise she soon received a response from Andropov .
A media circus ensued and she instantly became a national celebrity in America and overseas .
In 1983 , she flew to Moscow with her parents and spent two weeks as Andropov ’s guest .
Often holding press conferences and proclaiming to the world that Soviets were “ just like us . ”
On August 25 , 1985 Samantha and her father were flying home to Maine .
Their plane crashed short of the runway and she was killed on impact .
She was only 13 - years - old .
There was an immediate outcry , especially in Russia , with many claiming foul play .
This girl has a legacy as one of the youngest and most influential world peace advocates in history .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
I really do hate the fact that I own a few pens that I have no idea where I got them from .
I am not sure if that stems from the fact that I ...
Unknown to some , there are some pretty neat games that work around the theme of foreign policy and keeping world peace in a rather hostile world .
Here ’s a list of some of these games :
DEFCON Façade Pirates !
Viva Piñata Mercenaries Imperialism Peacemaker Alpha Centauri Political Machine Classic Sierra adventure games
From lessons of Imperialism , fragile alliances under pressure , to as simple as campaigning for voters , the list above shows that there is a thing or two that can be learned from these video games .
For more top ten lists like the ones above , you can check our homepage at Crispy Gamer .
Also , if you ’re about to venture in online casino gambling , we ’ve got casino reviews to help you play safely and have an awesome time .
Why the need to check on our casino reviews ?
With the massive number of online casinos , there are always unreliable ones that could compromise your safety while playing .
We ’ve been in this situation before , and we do n’t want you to go through it !
Click here for more info .
The red crystal symbol was adopted internationally in 2007 A new " red crystal " humanitarian symbol will gain the same status as the " red cross " and " red crescent " emblems under legislation going through the Commons .
The crystal can be used in certain war zones where the cross or crescent is inappropriate for religious reasons .
Junior Foreign Office minister Gillian Merron said the crystal could be used as a " clear and neutral " symbol .
She told MPs the crystal was already widely accepted , as 38 states had already ratified its use .
Medical units Ms Merron was opening debate on the Geneva Conventions and United Nations Personnel ( Protocols ) Bill at its second reading .
She said : " Conflicts have become ever more complex and the scope for misunderstanding of these emblems has undoubtedly increased .
" In some situations the red crescent and the red cross perhaps can be seen as having a religious , cultural or political connotation which is not appropriate , not accurate , nor is it intended in the settings in which it is used .
" The red crystal has been introduced to ensure a clear and neutral symbol which exists for all to use . "
Ms Merron said , for example , British forces ' medical units in Afghanistan or Iraq could use the red crystal symbol if they thought it would improve their safety .
Protective sign David Lidington , for the Conservatives , said he did not want the crystal to replace the red cross completely .
" I hope that they will stick to the tried and trusted symbol which I believe the overwhelming majority of the British public respect and value regardless of the ethnic and religious traditions of those men and women , " he said .
Liberal Democrat Jo Swinson said : " I 'm pleased there seems to be cross - party consensus that this is the right way forward . "
The red crystal became an official symbol of the Red Cross and Red Crescent movement in 2007 as a compromise after Israel 's red Star of David was not accepted as protective sign for relief workers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Dick Cheney is at it again .
This time the former vice president is criticizing Pres. Barack Obama on the economy .
Cheney tells the F - word network that the president 's expansion of the federal government into the financial sector is likely to have " devastating " long - term effects .
He says he 's " very concerned " about where the Obama administration is taking the country economically .
Cheney adds that there does n't seem to be any kind of limits on spending - this coming from a member of the administration that more than doubled the national debt in eight years and gave $ 700 billion to Wall Street with virtually no questions asked .
Cheney said beyond growing deficits , he questions if the White House is redefining the relationship between government and the private sector .
These comments are just the latest in a string of criticism aimed at the sitting president .
Cheney has previously questioned Mr. Obama 's national security policies , saying the president is increasing the risk of another terror attack .
And he's also been very vocal in the debate over those Bush era interrogation memos .
Obama aides say the former vice president is out of line in his role as an elder statesman ; but Cheney disputes that , saying he has n't been personal in his criticisms and he thinks these issues are too important not to speak out .
Note to the former vice president : you and your friends had eight years to run the country ... and lots of people think you botched it up pretty good .
Now it 's President Obama 's turn .
Here ’s my question to you :
Does anybody care what Dick Cheney thinks anymore ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Tim from Texas writes :
I care a lot about what Dick thinks .
Dick speaks his mind .
Dick 's morals are absolute .
Ok , so his mind is warped and his morals are absolutely wrong , but I still care about what he thinks .
Why ?
Because whenever Obama is unsure of himself , he only needs to ask " What would the former V.P. Cheney do ? "
Then if he does the complete opposite , we 'll all be just fine .
Have a nice day , Jack .
Mark from Oklahoma City writes :
Jack ,
Whether you want to admit it or not , Bush and Cheney kept me and my family safe from terrorists for 7 years .
Now the very people who kept us safe are the subject of an Obama - instigated " witch hunt . "
And why ?
Because we they were n't very nice to some terrorists who were planning to kill us .
I still want to hear the former vice president , simply because HE , unlike our new president , has no apologies to make to terrorists or dictators who harbor terrorists !
Deb frim Reno , Nevada writes :
I could n't care less what Cheney thinks .
Or says .
He 's done more than enough to ruin this country and he should retire to a monastery and leave the rest of us alone .
For someone who was complicit in activities that Nazis were hung for , he should slink away in shame .
Jeannine writes :
Yes , yes .
I do care what Dick Cheney thinks and says .
That is how we make informed decisions - listen to all sides of an issue .
Kathleen from New Jersey writes :
Only the media , because you keep reporting it .
He 's like the nosey neighbor on Bewitched .
From now on , you must call him Mrs. Kravitz or Gladys when reporting whatever paranoid delusion he comes up with .
Wendy writes :
I 'm hoping either a grand jury or a special prosecutor will find what Cheney has to say very interesting .
Groups backing the overhaul this year have cobbled together a wide - ranging but fragile coalition that includes Latino and black groups , Roman Catholic and evangelical Christian churches , farm workers and commercial farmers , and some employer groups .
In contrast to 2007 , organized labor is united this time around in supporting the overhaul .
The political fault lines opened by Senator Leahy ’s same - sex bill quickly became apparent this week .
In a letter sent Tuesday , Bishop John C. Wester of Salt Lake City , the chairman of the Catholic bishops ’ Committee on Migration , wrote that the Uniting American Families Act would “ erode the institution of marriage and family , ” by taking a position “ that is contrary to the very nature of marriage which pre-dates the Church and the State . ”
Bishop Wester addressed his letter to Representative Michael M. Honda , a California Democrat who has said he will introduce an immigration bill containing similar same - sex provisions in the House this week .
J. Kevin Appleby , the immigration policy director for the bishops ’ conference , said , “ The last thing the national immigration debate needs is another politically divisive issue added to the mix . ”
But Senator Leahy said the bill would eliminate discrimination in immigration law against gay and lesbian couples .
Under family unification provisions in immigration law , American citizens and legal residents can petition for residency for their spouses .
There is no numerical limit on permanent residence visas , known as green cards , for spouses of American citizens , and this is one of the main channels for legal immigration to the United States .
Same - sex couples , though , cannot petition for partners , and many face the prospect of an immigrant partner ’s deportation .
Senator Leahy ’s bill would add the term “ permanent partner ” to sections of current immigration law that refer to married couples , and would provide a legal definition of those terms .
How 's this for hope and change : U.S. officials flying to Cuba , not to interrogate prisoners at Guantanamo Bay but to meet with the Castro brothers in order to ease the 50 - year tensions between the two nations .
The aging , ailing , cigar - smoking icon Fidel Castro had three members of Congress visit with him today in Havana , which resulted in the bearded one asking , " How can we help President Obama ? "
In an effort to improve the relationship between Cuba and the U.S. , Reps. Barbara Lee ( D - Oakland ) , Bobby L. Rush ( D - Ill. ) and Emanuel Cleaver II ( D - Mo. ) were the first U.S. officials to meet with the 82 - year - old former dictator since his intestinal surgery in July 2006 .
Greg Adams of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana confirmed that the three members of the Congressional Black Caucus met with Castro , who handed the communist torch to his brother Raul in early 2007 .
Cuban state television is expected to release more details of the meeting tonight , Adams said .
Six members of the caucus met with Raul Castro on Monday for more than four hours .
That meeting was also a first , as he had not yet met with any U.S. officials since he became the Cuban in charge .
" I 'm convinced Raul Castro wants a normal relationship with the United States , " Lee said after the meeting with the 77 - year - old , the Associated Press reported .
" He 's serious . "
" I think that what really surprised me , but also endeared me to him , was his keen sense of humor , his sense of history and his basic human qualities , " Rush said .
" I intend to do everything that I can when we get back to the States to make sure that normalization with our relationship with Cuba is given proper consideration both within the House of Representatives and the neighborhoods of America . "
According to Lee 's official website , the other members of the delegation were Reps. Melvin Watt ( D - N.C. ) , Marcia L. Fudge ( D - Ohio ) , Michael M. Honda ( D - San Jose ) and Laura Richardson ( D - Long Beach ) .
-- Tony Pierce
Click here to register for automatic Tweets on each new Ticket item .
Rep. Bobby L. Rush ( D - Ill . ) speaks during a news conference in Havana today .
Cuban President Raul Castro met with members of the Congressional Black Caucus for more than four hours , his first face - to - face discussions with U.S. leaders since he became Cuba 's leader last year .
Back , from left to right , Reps. Emanuel Cleaver II , Barbara Lee and Marcia L. Fudge .
( AP Photo / Javier Galeano )
A petition has been created by moderate Mormons who disagree with the church 's opposition to homosexuality and same - sex marriage .
The petition will be delivered to Church Headquarters on the first anniversary of Proposition 8 being passed in California .
This is an attempt to show that it is time for reconciliation between the Church and the millions of Mormons and LGBT people who have been hurt by the LDS involvement over proposition 8 .
Mormon , or not , everyone is welcome to sign the petition to show their support for reconciliation between these two communities .
To sign the petition please send an e-mail with your name in the subject line to :
ldsapology@gmail.com or goto ldsapology.org
The boy -men of LAFF , Part 1 : “ Big Fan . ”
The Los Angeles Film Festival is really just getting started for me , but already I ’ve seen two movies that are definitely noteworthy , both having to do the age - old issues of males delaying maturity and I ’m sure there ’s more of that coming .
I ’ll discuss the mostly insightful and funny “ Humpday ” tomorrow .
Today , I have a darker task .
In the case of last night ’s screening of “ Big Fan ” — a last minute addition to the festival which , in Los Angeles , will be opening at the Nuart Theater in September as part of a limited release — we have a case of Peter Pan as absolute worst case scenario .
Written and directed by Robert D. Siegel , who wrote last year ’s terrific , and not entirely unrelated , “ The Wrestler , ” the film stars thinking man ’s comic , one - time CGI gourmet rat , and , we ’re now learning , skilled dramatic actor , Patton Oswalt as Paul Aufiero , ( i.e. every fanboy ’s worst nightmare of what he might become ) , who eventually encounters something beyond every fan ’s worst fear .
An utterly single - minded follower of the New York Giants , a random remark to his favorite player ( Jonathan Hamm ) during an encounter at a strip club sets off a brutal attack by the stoned player , which sends him to the hospital and the player to suspension .
Paul is hurt by the attack , but he seems more concerned that the suspension might be destroying the Giants ’ chances for a good season .
In this situation , most of us would have dollar signs and / or rage in our eyes , but all poor , embittered , yet absurdly loyal Paul has is concern that he wo n’t be belittled by “ Philadelphia Phil , ” ( Michael Rappaport ) , an equally strong fan of the Philly Eagles with whom Paul does nightly battle on a sports talk call - in show .
This might sound like an interesting setup for a comedy , but while “ Big Fan ” is extremely funny for fairly long stretches , Paul , who lives at home with his despairing mother ( Marcia Jean Kurtz , whose performance is too real for comfort ) , exists in an emotional horror show .
Those who found “ The Wrestler ” a bit dark will see that that sometimes bleak and tragic film really was “ Rocky ” in comparison to this grim , utterly unredemptive , but oddly cathartic tale .
If you can see this pretty extraordinary directorial debut for Siegel and not think of Martin Scorsese ’s “ Taxi Driver ” and “ The King of Comedy , ” you have n’t seen them .
It ’s only a shame that people who see the film in its theatrical run this September , mostly wo n’t have the pleasure of a live appearance by Patton Oswalt following the film .
The comedian , who in real life is a pretty serious cinephile , had the audience in stitches and was probably the best antidote to what might have been the most thoroughly sad and hopeless film most of us have seen in a long time .
I recently stumbled upon a Reddit discussion thread on the proper way to write an HTML form .
First , there is no one right way to code an HTML form .
Well , I should say there is no one right way to code an HTML form assuming you are using semantic and accessible markup .
Here are several methods I use ( or have seen others use ) when writing HTML forms .
Method 1 : Semantic Nirvana
< form > < fieldset > < legend > Legend Name < / legend > < label for =" name " > Name </ label > < input type =" text " name = " name " /> </ fieldset > </ form >
This example is self - explanatory and employees the recommended form elements provided by HTML .
The form element contains a fieldset with a legend .
The fieldset contains a label and an associated input field .
This method is the purest state of a semantic HTML form , and I encourage you to implement this structure whenever possible .
However , if your design requires more structural flexibility , I encourage you to explore the definition list approach .
Method 2 : Definition List
< form > < fieldset > < dl > < dt > < label for =" name " >
Name </ label ></ dt > < dd > < input type =" text " name = " name " /></dd > </dl > </ fieldset > </ form >
This example encapsulates the form and its elements within the context of a definition list .
One could argue the semantic accuracy of this approach , but I believe there is some semantic truth to this scenario .
A definition term ( the " Name " ) is defined by the user input .
This method also remains accessible to assistive technologies by providing a label for the associated input field .
Label 's allow assistive technologies to associate the label with a form input field .
Label 's also provide a larger , clickable " focus " area for a form field ; when a user clicks on a label , the associated form input field is focused .
This method also degrades nicely in text - only web browsers or hand - held devices .
I often use this method when I create forms with labels to the left of their associated input fields , similar to the Sign Up form on Campaign Monitor 's website ( see Figure A ) .
The DT elements are floated left and assigned a common width .
The DD fields are floated right and assigned a common width .
The DT fields will clear any previous DT or DD elements using CSS .
One might consider ordered or unordered lists to accomplish this same structure .
However , such an approach would require the markup developer to attach custom class meta information to each LI element to indicate which LI element contains the label and which the form input field .
I believe the definition list provides more accurate semantics without additional meta information .
Overall , I prefer this method when I require semantics and design flexibility .
This method provides plenty of elements to work with out of the box : form , dl , dt , dd , label , and input .
CSS developers will have plenty to work with without extraneous markup .
Method 3 : Paragraphs galore !
< form > < fieldset > < p > < label for =" name " >
Name </ label >< br /> < input type =" text " name = " name " /> </ p> </ fieldset > </ form >
I mention this method only because I see many developers abuse it too often .
This method encapsulate a label and its input field within a paragraph .
The result is a pleasant visual separation when rendered in most desktop web browsers like Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer .
However , the good ends there .
This method is semantically flawed ; a form and its elements are not a series of paragraphs .
Also , one should not mix markup with presentation ( as this method does ) .
After all , not everyone uses visual web browsers ( Google bots and screen readers come to mind ) .
Method 4 : What about columns ?
Many HTML forms are presented in a column layout .
This is an example where aesthetics take precedence over semantics .
Which is fine .
Semantics are only rules , and rules can be broken , right ?
In this case , I encourage you to at least try to maintain some form of semantic value .
Method 4a : Use DIVs with appropriate class meta data
One method to implement a column layout is to use DIVs .
< form > < fieldset > < legend > Legend Name </ legend > < div class =" left - column " > < label for =" name " > Name </ label > < input type =" text " name = " name " /> </div> < div class=" middle - column " > < label for = " email " > Email < / label > < input type =" text " name = " email " /> </div> < div class =" right - column " > < label for = " phone " > Phone < / label > < input type =" text " name = " phone " /> </div> </ fieldset > </ form >
Each DIV may be floated left to simulate columns , and the class attributes convey the intended semantics .
Method 4b : Tables :
Those are bad , right ?
Tables are great , assuming you use them to display tabular data .
Tables were given a bad reputation when print designers first started developing websites in the late 90s and early 2000s .
Print designers used tables for lack of better layout tools .
If you have no other option , one might argue that a form could be a table ( try not to smirk when you explain this to your resident web standards evangelist ) .
Such a form may look like this :
< form > < fieldset > < table border= " 0 " > < thead > < tr > < th> Column 1</th > < th> Column 2</th > < th> Column 3</th > </tr > </ thead > < tbody > < tr > < td > < label for = " one " >
One </label > < input type =" text " name = " one " /> </td> < td > < label for = " two " >
Two < / label > < input type =" text " name = " two " /> </td> < td> < label for =" three " >
Three < / label > < input type =" text " name = " three " /> </td> </tr> </tbody > </table > </ fieldset > </ form >
At this point , the form markup is becoming convoluted and less semantic .
Consider this method a last resort , and only if you require a form with multiple columns .
So which method do I choose ?
The Brazilian Defence Minister has said he has no doubt that wreckage spotted in the Atlantic today by a military aircraft is from the missing Air France jet .
A naval vessel is expected to reach the area more than 600 km off the northeast coast of Brazil tomorrow .
Earlier , Aer Lingus confirmed that two of its employees were on the plane , which vanished over the Atlantic while on a flight to Paris from Brazil .
They are believed to be from Eastern Europe and were based at the airline 's headquarters in Dublin .
Aer Lingus says 'it is working closely with Air France , the French authorities and the respective embassies of the two staff members at this difficult time . '
The jet , carrying 228 people , disappeared after apparently encountering turbulence .
Three Irish doctors were among the passengers on the plane .
The three have been named as Aisling Butler , from Roscrea , Co Tipperary , Jane Deasy from Rathgar in Dublin and Eithne Walls , from Ballygowan , Co Down .
They were returning home after a holiday in Brazil and had all graduated in medicine from Trinity College Dublin two years ago .
The Department of Foreign Affairs has been in touch with the families and has offered assistance .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy told relatives gathered at Charles de Gaulle Airport last night that there was little hope of finding survivors .
Speculation is focusing on the possibility that the aircraft flew into a violent storm early yesterday , four hours into its 11 - hour flight .
The pilot was experienced and the Airbus 330 has an excellent safety record .
The search for the missing aircraft is continuing in the Atlantic with ships and aircraft from Brazil , France , Spain and the US involved .
The search area is reported to have been narrowed down to a few square nautical miles .
Pilots flying a commercial jet from Paris to Rio de Janeiro for Brazil 's largest airline , TAM , said they saw what they thought was fire in the ocean along the Air France plane 's route early yesterday .
Brazilian Air Force spokesman Col Jorge Amaral said authorities were investigating the report .
Father 's grief for missing daughter
Aisling Butler 's father John said he could not describe his family 's grief .
' We know Aisling is gone , we are sure of that , ' he said .
' It is just about trying to live now , I have to live for my wife and my only other daughter Lorna . '
When he heard about the missing plane he initially thought Aisling 's flight was due in the following day but decided to check the travel details in his deleted emails .
' When I opened it up a nightmare opened up as well , ' he said .
Mr Butler said his daughter , who celebrated her 26th birthday just over two weeks ago , lived for her job as a young doctor but also enjoyed life to the full .
She was doing an internship in Tallaght Hospital in Dublin and was due to move to St James 's Hospital next month .
Staff at Tallaght Hospital will hold a special service today for all on Flight 447 .
Eithne Walls is a former member of the Riverdance troupe , having joined in 1998 aged 18 .
Julian Erskine , executive producer of Riverdance , described her as ' bright and sparkling ' and someone who made an impact on everyone she met .
Ms Walls works in the Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital in Dublin .
The young women had gone on a two - week holiday to Brazil to visit other college friends who were travelling on to Australia .
President Mary McAleese said she was thinking about the families of the missing passengers .
' My thoughts and prayers , and the thoughts of everyone , are with the Irish families and the families of everyone on board at this very difficult time , ' she said .
Irish embassies in both France and Brazil are keeping in close contact with the investigators .
All 228 people on board the airliner , including a baby and seven children , are feared dead .
The passenger list also includes 61 French and 58 Brazilians among the 32 nationalities on board .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen said the Government was deeply concerned and wanted to express its solidarity with families who are anxiously waiting for news of loved ones .
' Our primary concern is for the families during this difficult time , ' he said .
' The Government is offering support to the families as they wait for news of their loved ones . '
Enlarge By Hasan Jamali , AP Michael Chertoff , head of the Homeland Security Department during the Bush administration , now leads his own security consulting group .
WASHINGTON  More than one in four members of President George W. Bush 's Cabinet have landed jobs with consulting or lobbying firms in which they can help clients navigate the departments they once oversaw , a USA TODAY analysis shows .
Michael Chertoff , who served as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) until January , launched a consulting business two months ago to provide " risk - management advice " to private companies and governments .
His predecessor , Tom Ridge , also is a security and crisis - management consultant .
DIPLOMATS : Former U.S. ambassador may get high - level Afghan job Former attorney general John Ashcroft has registered as a lobbyist and runs a firm whose clients include software giant Oracle , which was the subject of a Justice Department anti-trust case during Ashcroft 's tenure .
In all , 10 of the 34 former Cabinet secretaries who served during Bush 's eight years in office have registered as lobbyists or joined consulting or lobbying firms , the analysis shows .
Others sit on the boards or work for industries they regulated .
For instance , Gale Norton , who once oversaw 500 million acres of public land as Interior secretary , now is a lawyer in a Shell Oil division for oil exploration .
It 's not unusual for former executive branch officials to find employment related to their government work .
A 2003 study of 100 top Clinton administration officials by the Center for Public Integrity found that two years after leaving office , more than half represented or worked for entities they had regulated .
Nearly one in five had worked as lobbyists — who can directly lobby members of Congress and the administration .
Two - year lobbying ban Danielle Brian , executive director of the Project on Government Oversight , said the movement of top officials to consulting and lobbying jobs shows " they are cashing in on their public service . "
" No one is saying they should n't go into the private sector , " she said , " but they should n't take advantage of the relationships they created while in government . "
Federal law imposes limits on the contacts that former top executive branch officials can have with their former colleagues , including a two - year ban on lobbying on any issue that they worked on during their final year in government .
But there are no restrictions on them serving as consultants and advising clients on the inner workings of their former departments and agencies , including how to secure government contracts .
In interviews , former Cabinet members defended their post - government employment .
" I ca n't go back to DHS and lobby ... but we can share the benefit of our experience in terms of helping people understand how government works , " said Chertoff , whose recent hires include former CIA director Michael Hayden .
Chertoff would not release a list of clients .
Ashcroft , the nation 's former top law - enforcement official , founded the Ashcroft Group in 2005 , which offers legal , consulting and lobbying services .
Juleanna Glover , a former Ashcroft Senate aide who co-founded the firm , said Ashcroft has not personally lobbied since mid-2008 and instead concentrates on legal and investigatory work for clients .
Glover said Ashcroft does not trade on his relationships .
" The Ashcroft brand is about ethics and sound judgment and rooting out wrongdoing , and that 's what he is retained to do , " she said .
The firm lobbies Congress and federal agencies .
Computer giant Oracle was the largest lobbying client last year , paying $ 210,000 in fees , according to federal data compiled by the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics .
In 2004 , the Justice Department brought an antitrust case against Oracle over its hostile takeover of rival PeopleSoft .
Oracle prevailed in court , and hired Ashcroft 's firm to lobby on anti-trust issues the following year .
Glover referred questions about Oracle to the company .
Oracle spokeswoman Deborah Hellinger declined to comment .
' Experience that 's useful '
Consulting firms are not required to disclose their clients , unless the firms are lobbying federal agencies or representing foreign governments .
Ridge , who ran the Department of Homeland Security until February 2005 , reported earning $ 480,000 from the government of Albania in 2007 for " strategic consulting services . "
Ridge spokeswoman Michele Nix would not release a list of clients .
" The way we conduct business is above board , " she said .
Former Veterans Affairs secretary Jim Nicholson has not registered as a lobbyist but works for a law and lobbying firm , Brownstein , Hyatt , Farber and Schreck .
In that role , Nicholson said , he provides " strategic advice to clients and to members of the firm that are working for clients and lobbying , " including identifying government officials clients should contact .
" I do n't think there is anything wrong with it at all , " he said .
" People develop a great set of skills and experience that 's useful . "
Nicholson 's predecessor at Veterans Affairs , Anthony Principi , is a lobbyist for pharmaceutical giant Pfizer , federal records show .
He also is board chairman of QTC Management , which evaluates disability claims for the VA .
Norton , the former Interior secretary , referred questions to Shell spokeswoman Darci Sinclair .
" We base all hiring decisions on an employee 's skills , knowledge and experience , not on his or her policy position , " Sinclair said in an e-mail .
President Obama has pledged to shut the revolving door , issuing an order on his first day in office that barred former executive branch officials from lobbying their former colleagues for the life of his administration .
President Clinton issued a five - year ban on lobbying by his former aides , only to rescind it a few weeks before leaving office .
Many Bush appointees have eschewed consulting work .
Former Labor secretary Elaine Chao , the longest - serving member of the Bush Cabinet , works as a fellow at the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank .
She also delivers paid speeches .
" There are terrific opportunities in the private sector , and I would n't rule it out , " Chao said in an interview .
" But money is n't everything in life . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Sanford Was One of Many Who Criticized Clinton Politicians who impeached Clinton and cheated on their wives .
June 26 , 2009  -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford is the latest member of the ever - growing club of politicians who have strayed from their wives , as well as the latest in the ever - growing list of politicians who were indignant over President Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky and demanded he either resign or be impeached .
In 1998 , Sanford was a Republican congressman from South Carolina when he demanded " moral clarity " from Clinton and called on him to resign .
" Very damaging stuff .
This one 's pretty cut and dried , " Sanford told The Post and Courier in September 1998 .
" I think it would be much better for the country and for him personally [ to resign ] . "
So far , Sanford has not indicated that he has any plans to resign as governor .
Sanford is not alone in having his actions contrast with his outrage over Clinton 's actions .
Former Idaho Sen. Larry Craig
Craig on Clinton : Asked by the late Tim Russert on a Jan. 24 , 1999 , episode of " Meet the Press " whether he thought Clinton should resign , Craig , R - Idaho , did not hesitate to speak his mind .
" He should resign .
He should 've resigned months ago , but he will never resign .
He does n't respect the presidency , " said Craig .
In August 2007 , Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct stemming from an arrest in a men's restroom at a Minneapolis - St.
Paul airport for soliciting sex in June .
He later held a news conference in August to say , " Let me be clear .
I am not gay .
I never have been gay . "
Craig never resigned his seat , but declined to seek re-election in 2008 .
Former Democratic Presidential Candidate John Edwards
Edwards on Clinton : Edwards , a North Carolina Democratic congressman during the 1999 impeachment trial , said on the House floor that Clinton 's affair with Lewinsky showed " a remarkable disrespect for his office , for the moral dimensions of leadership , for his friends , for his wife , for his precious daughter .
It is breathtaking to me the level to which that disrespect has risen . "
In an August 2008 interview with ABC News , Edwards admitted to repeatedly lying during the campaign for president about having an affair with Rielle Hunter , a video producer who worked for Edwards ' campaign , while his wife was battling terminal cancer .
Former Louisiana Rep. Robert Livingston
Livingston on Clinton : " You , sir , may resign your post , " said Livingston , R - La. , who was poised to take over as House speaker .
On the morning that the House was scheduled to take an impeachment vote , Livingston shocked his colleagues by announcing that he would resign his seat because he , too , had had an affair .
" I must set the example that I hope President Clinton will follow . "
Former House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde
Hyde on Clinton : During the impeachment hearings in the House of Representatives , Hyde was the lead prosecutor and one of Clinton 's most outspoken critics .
Hyde , R - Ill. , said the president should be impeached because he " trivializes , ignores and shreds the sanctity of the oath " of office .
During the impeachment proceedings it was revealed that Hyde had cheated on his wife during the 1960s .
He dismissed the revelation by saying that it was a " youthful indiscretion . "
He was 42 at the time of the affair .
Nevada Sen. John Ensign
Ensign on Clinton : Sen. Ensign , R - Nev. , criticized Clinton for the strain he put on both his family and his Cabinet , while calling for his resignation .
He characterized the scandal as " an embarrassing moment for the country . "
He added that Clinton " has no credibility left . "
At a press conference June 16 , the 51 - year - old senator admitted to his affair with the wife of a close family friend .
A watchdog group has called for an investigation into allegations that he funneled campaign money to his paramour .
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich
Gingrich on Clinton : Gingrich was speaker of the House at the time and was critical of Clinton during the impeachment hearings .
In 2001 , Gingrich , R - Ga. , admitted he was having an affair with a young aide during the impeachment proceedings while married to his second wife .
Gingrich told right wing Christian leader James Dobson that his fling was different from Clinton 's because the president lied about it while under oath .
Former House of Representatives Majority Leader Tom DeLay
DeLay on Clinton : DeLay strongly pushed for Clinton 's impeachment and even cited material that was not released to the public at the time of the proceedings , to further public support for the impeachment .
In his 2007 memoirs , DeLay , R - Texas , revealed a secret : he had had an extramarital affair that pre-dated Clinton 's impeachment .
He saw no hypocrisy , however .
" I was no longer committing adultery by that time , the impeachment trial .
There 's a big difference , " DeLay wrote in his book " No Retreat , No Surrender . "
by Brett Stevens on June 21 , 2009
The Dunning - Kruger effect states that incompetent people are also incompetent in assessing their own performance .
Therefore , less competent people think their performance is competent , while smarter people focus on their own flaws .
It explains , among other things , how in a society that places too much value on image , idiots and insane people are able to get ahead by overestimating their value and getting fools to agree with them .
The essence of the Dunning - Kruger effect is that “ ignorance more frequently begets confidence than knowledge . ”
Studies have shown that the most incompetent individuals are the ones that are most convinced of their competence .
At work this translates into lots of incompetent people who think they are superstars .
And what is worse is that if you have a manager that does n’t closely supervise work , he or she may judge performance based on outward appearances using information like the confidence with which these incompetent blockheads speak .
An important corollary of this effect is that the most competent people often underestimate their competence .
This is a result of how you frame knowledge .
The more you know , the more you focus on what you do n’t know .
For instance , people who can name 15 of the 50 state capitals tend to think “ I know 15 . ”
People who know 45 of the 50 state capitals tend to think “ I do n’t know 5 . ”
1
Dunning and Kruger , two researchers at Cornell University , described their findings in a paper entitled “ Unskilled and Unaware Of It : How Difficulties In Recognising Ones Own Incompetence Lead To Inflated Self - Assessments ” in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
Their conclusions can be summarized this way :
Incompetent individuals tend to overestimate their own level of skill , Incompetent individuals fail to recognize genuine skill in others , Incompetent individuals fail to recognize the extremity of their inadequacy , If they can be trained to substantially improve their own skill level , these individuals can recognize and acknowledge their own previous lack of skill .
Translation : without leadership at the top of the curve who is willing to call people on their incompetence , the incompetents will appear competent to other incompetents and be advanced , possibly even to the presidency .
This causes a mathematical problem for democracies since most people are not particularly competent at leadership , government or logical argument , meaning they are both unable to assess the best leadership choices and sure that they ’re right .
It ’s essentially similar to the Downing effect :
One of the main effects of illusory superiority in IQ is the Downing effect .
This describes the tendency of people with a below average IQ to overestimate their IQ , and of people with an above average IQ to underestimate their IQ .
The propensity to predictably misjudge one ’s own IQ was first noted by C. L. Downing who conducted the first cross-cultural studies on perceived ‘ intelligence ’ .
His studies also evidenced that the ability to accurately estimate others ’
IQ was proportional to one ’s own IQ .
This means that the lower the IQ of an individual , the less capable they are of appreciating and accurately appraising others ’
IQ .
Therefore individuals with a lower IQ are more likely to rate themselves as having a higher IQ than those around them .
Conversely , people with a higher IQ , while better at appraising others ’
IQ overall , are still likely to rate people of similar IQ as themselves as having higher IQs .
The disparity between actual IQ and perceived IQ has also been noted between genders by British psychologist Adrian Furnham , in whose work there was a suggestion that , on average , men are more likely to overestimate their intelligence by 5 points , while women are more likely to underestimate their IQ by a similar margin.
2
That tendency could go a long way toward explaining why many successful societies have relied on strong leaders who had no problem beating down the incompetent with force .
Unless suppressed , the 90 % of humanity who per the “ Bell Curve ” are unskilled and unaware of it will take over and , being incompetent , run society into the ground .
In addition , while people can be taught specific tasks , they can not be taught to reason in general ; education does not raise IQ and in the process of trying , becomes dumbed - down to the point where no one intelligent will get any benefit from it , which discriminates against the intelligent .
When you combine the Bell Curve , the Dunning - Kruger and Downing effects , and the natural tendency of human beings to compromise , you have a working explanation why human societies inevitably begin the pursuit of a “ race to the bottom ” once they become powerful enough to stop losing so many people to natural events , disease and war .
Tags : class war , crowdism , downing effect , dunning - kruger , dunning - kruger effect , illusory superiority , incompetence , ineptitude , intelligence , IQ , stupidity , the bell curve
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
3 Oakland cops killed in 2 related incidents Fourth Oakland officer in critical condition - shooter killed by SWAT team
Police personnel pour over the first shooting scene where 2 of the 4 Oakland police officers were shot and all are in critical condition after a traffic stop on MacArthur Blvd. at 74th Ave. , turned deadly in Oakland , Calif. on Saturday March 21 , 2009 .
less Police personnel pour over the first shooting scene where 2 of the 4 Oakland police officers were shot and all are in critical condition after a traffic stop on MacArthur Blvd. at 74th Ave. , turned deadly in ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 34 Caption Close 3
Oakland cops killed in 2 related incidents 1 / 34 Back to Gallery
Three Oakland police sergeants were shot and killed and a fourth officer was critically wounded Saturday in a pair of related incidents that together rank among the deadliest attacks on law enforcement in California history .
A fifth officer , a member of the SWAT team that killed the suspect police held responsible for the shootings , was treated for minor injuries and released .
The first incident happened about 1:15 p.m. when two traffic officers were gunned down after what police described as a " routine " stop of a 1995 Buick in the 7400 block of MacArthur Boulevard in East Oakland , not far from the Eastmont Town Center .
About two hours later , after some 200 officers from Oakland Police , Alameda County Sheriff 's Office , BART Police and the California Highway Patrol combed the area for the suspect , three SWAT officers were shot when their team found him hidden in an apartment on 74th Avenue near Hillside Street , police officials said .
In all , two SWAT officers and one traffic officer died in the two incidents ; one traffic officer was on life support late Saturday .
" In these moments , words are extraordinarily inadequate , " Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums told reporters at a news conference Saturday night at Oakland police headquarters .
" We come together in shock , in grief , in sadness and sorrow .
Our hearts go out to the officers ' families who are experiencing a level of tragedy that goes beyond our ability to comprehend . "
" These folks leave their homes in the morning , with every expectation of returning , " Dellums said , " but they did not . "
Killed Saturday were motorcycle officer Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , and Sgts. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Daniel Sakai , 35 , both members of the SWAT team .
The other motorcycle officer , John Hege , 41 , was in grave condition , officials said .
The suspect , whom police identified as Lovelle Mixon , 26 , of Oakland , shot at the SWAT officers , who " returned fire in defense of their lives , " said Officer Jeff Thomason , a department spokesman .
The suspect , who police believe was acting alone , was killed .
Officials said the suspect was on parole after being convicted of assault with a deadly weapon and was also wanted on a no -bail warrant .
Officials did not explain the nature of the warrant .
Capitol flags at half - staff
" All four officers dedicated their lives to public safety and selflessly worked to protect the people of Oakland , " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
" Maria and I join the Bay Area in remembering their service and honoring their sacrifice . "
Schwarzenegger said Capitol flags would be flown at half - staff .
He is flying from Washington to Oakland today to meet with the mayor and Howard Jordan , Oakland 's acting police chief .
Oakland City Council member Larry Reid called the incident " one of the worst days in the history of Oakland . "
Saturday 's shooting appears to be one of the state 's most horrific police killings .
The most notorious such slaying is referred to as the " Newhall incident , " a Los Angeles County shootout in 1970 that left four California Highway Patrol officers dead and changed the way state law enforcement officers approach high - risk stops .
Saturday evening , as word of the shootings circulated in the Bay Area 's law enforcement community , about 100 officers gathered outside the entrance to Oakland 's Highland Hospital emergency room , waiting desperately for information about their fallen colleagues .
Some of them were wearing SWAT gear , while others were wearing baseball jerseys after having raced to the hospital from a game .
At the Oakland Police Officers Association office near Jack London Square , hundreds of officers assembled to mourn their colleagues .
" It 's shock and disbelief , " said Oakland Police Sgt. David Faeth .
" We lost a lot of good people today .
Good officers , good friends .
It has n't really set in yet . "
Shortly after the 9 p.m. news conference , religious leaders from the Oakland community formed an impromptu prayer circle .
Pastor David Kietley of Shiloh Christian Church said , " Let us pray for the shalom of this city and for peace to reign in every part of this city . "
First reports of the incident came from a 911 call at 1:16 p.m. , reporting that two officers had been shot , possibly with an assault - type rifle .
The suspect fled from the scene on foot , sparking a door - to - door manhunt in East Oakland that involved officers from at least five law enforcement agencies .
An anonymous tipster told police that the suspect was in an apartment building just blocks from the original shooting .
The SWAT team was called to the site and took control of the area around the building .
After repeated attempts to communicate with the suspect , SWAT officers entered the building around 3:30 p.m .
Fired through closet door
According to law enforcement sources , the SWAT team officers entered an apartment and approached a closet .
Suddenly the gunman , hiding in the closet , opened fire through the door , killing two officers and wounding a third .
Officers fired back , killing the gunman .
All during the afternoon , from the time , just after lunch , when the shootings started , until it became dark , East Oakland was swarming with police cars , dozens of them parked on block after block , as officers conducted their investigation and neighbors came out and stood on the sidewalk , watching .
On nearby 73rd Avenue , a man who declined to give his name said he was working in his backyard when he heard four gunshots , followed by a four - second pause , then two more gunshots .
It was the start of the first incident .
He looked up and saw a police officer running down MacArthur Boulevard with a gun drawn , heading toward the Dolphin Pharmacy , in front of which the shootings occurred .
Within seconds dozens of police cars and helicopters descended on the intersection , he said .
Another neighbor , Antonay Jackson , said she saw officers visibly shaken , some with bowed heads , as they began taking pictures and taping off the crime scene .
" It 's crazy , " she said .
" The police station is right there .
We can see it .
I do n't know , this is too close to home . "
Neighbors described the site of the second shootings as an older , two - story , cream - colored eight - plex apartment building on a usually quiet block .
Beatriz Gomez , who runs Beatriz Hair Style salon on 73rd Avenue , said she and her customers were frightened when they saw dozens of police officers swarming around her store , which backs up to the apartment building on 74th Avenue .
" I never saw so many police , " she said .
" We were scared .
We did n't know what happened .
Customers were calling all day to see if we were OK .
But it 's sad - the police do a good job protecting us . "
Hours after the shooting , dozens of officers still surrounded the shooting sites , with Oakland police joined by CHP officers , Alameda County sheriff 's deputies and BART police .
Young people gathered on street corners , as police shut down parts of MacArthur Boulevard and Hillside Street to make room for investigators .
Keith Sykes , who lives behind the apartment building where the suspect was killed , knew there was trouble when he heard the rush of sirens .
" When you see six or seven police cars , you know a cop 's been hurt , " he said .
Neighbors said they did n't believe that the gunman lived in the building where he was slain , but one said " there 's a lot of fussing " in that apartment building .
" It 's sad , " said Mark Green , another local resident .
" I 'll tell you this much , I 'm going to church tonight . "
There have been problems in that neighborhood .
Oakland police opened a substation at the Eastmont Town Center in 1992 , responding to neighborhood complaints about crime and violence in the area .
But the substation , built in an old tire shop , did not end the neighborhood 's troubles .
In 1996 , a rowdy rap concert in the mall turned into a melee , with a crowd lobbing bottles and rocks at police , cars and buses .
Some of the concertgoers started racing their cars up and down the streets , and two men died after their car crashed through the fence of a nearby school playground .
In 1999 , an Oakland police technician was shot at outside the police substation .
In 2002 , Michelle Horton of San Leandro was shot and killed as she drove on Bancroft Avenue near the mall .
SEOUL , June 26 ( UPI ) -- North Koreans apparently were n't aware their leader Kim Jong
Il chose his youngest son as his successor , an informal survey indicates .
A North Korean official said in China people talk of Kim Jong Un as if he were his father 's successor " but there 's been no formal announcement on this in North Korea , " the Chosun Ilbo newspaper in Seoul reported Friday .
Advertisement
A North Korean refugee told the newspaper he had never heard the name Kim Jong Un before .
A former soldier who fled North Korea said , " Neither Kim Jong Un nor the succession have ever been mentioned in lectures around military camps . "
Kim Jong
Il fell ill last year , fueling speculation about his health and the fate of the reclusive communist country 's leadership .
More recently , North Korea sparked international derision when it conducted an underground nuclear test and test - fired several missiles .
Another defector told Chosun Ilbo , " It 's not easy for North Korea to officially designate the heir apparent in the current circumstances . "
WASHINGTON --
The House will begin posting representatives ' expense reports online , giving the public easy access to records of the millions of dollars lawmakers spend on staff and items such as catering , cars , computers and TVs .
Separately , Sen. Tom Coburn ( R. , Okla . ) said Wednesday he would introduce a bill requiring the expense records be posted online in the Senate , as well .
Such disclosures are " something that we will take a look at , " said Jim Manley , spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid ( D. , Nev. ) .
In a time of national belt - tightening , taxpayers may expect frugality from Capitol Hill , but not so , according to Congressional expense reports .
High - ranking politicians of both parties increased their expenditures in the first three months of 2009 , Jonathan Weisman reports .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D. , Calif. ) ordered the postings Wednesday .
The move followed recent stories in The Wall Street Journal examining lawmakers ' office expenditures that are kept in voluminous paper records on Capitol Hill .
A spokesman for the speaker said her action was n't prompted by the articles , which found mostly routine spending on staff salaries , travel and office rent , as well as supplies , printing and mailing .
The 2008 reports also showed taxpayer money spent on luxury car leases , big - screen TVs , pricey laptops known as " Toughbooks " and fresh - cut flower arrangements .
House and Senate lawmakers receive annual allowances of $ 1.3 million to $ 4.5 million to run their offices .
All the expenditures reviewed by the Journal were legal , and the disclosures complied with congressional rules .
The policy of offering only paper records was in stark contrast to the Obama administration 's call for more transparency , such as his promise to post online spending details of the government 's $ 787 billion stimulus plan .
The House and Senate recently passed rules requiring online posting of documents on travel and lobbying .
In a letter Wednesday to House Chief Administrative Officer Dan Beard , Mrs. Pelosi asked the office expense reports be put online at the " earliest date . "
A spokesman for Mr. Beard said the expense reports would be posted by Aug. 31 .
Electronic versions of the ink - and - paper reports will initially be posted in PDF format .
The House " is examining ways " to enhance the ability to search the documents when it rolls out a new internal financial - processing system during the 112th Congress , said a statement from Mr. Beard 's office .
Reports from previous years wo n't be posted online .
" The House is making every effort to operate in a transparent manner and online publication of these reports will expand accountability to taxpayers and the press , " Mrs. Pelosi said in her letter .
Mrs. Pelosi declined Wednesday to produce receipts for her own office expenditures .
" The speaker fully complies with required policies and procedures with respect to the statement of disbursements , " said spokesman Drew Hammill .
New reports covering first - quarter spending this year showed that as congressional leaders came under pressure to rein in government expenditures , some curbed their own outlays .
Mrs. Pelosi , for instance , kept her leadership office stocked with fresh flowers , but she sacked her high - end Georgetown florist in December , switching to a cheaper shop .
Minority Leader John Boehner , a frequent critic of Democratic spending , reported a 16.8 % increase in spending for his own leadership office , compared with the first three months of 2008 , the reports said .
One new expense was the hiring of two new communications aides .
A spokesman said Mr. Boehner beefed up his staff after Democrats took over the White House and fattened their majorities in the House and Senate .
Open - government advocates on Wednesday applauded Mrs. Pelosi's announcement .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has directed House officials to post office - expense reports online .
Getty Images
" Now that the light has been shined on the problem some people are running for the corners while others are trying to explain how they 're going to change things .
It 's good to see the speaker is on the side of disclosure , " said Pete Sepp , spokesman of the Virginia - based National Taxpayers Union .
The Senate has lagged in several respects regarding public disclosure of tax - supported expenditures .
Senators , for example , do n't have to provide any details of their spending on rent for their offices back home , nor of money spent on communications , utilities , supplies and materials .
Those costs typically total millions of dollars each year .
Many members spend $ 100,000 or more on office rent and related costs , according to reports .
" We are in the process of assessing that and seeing what 's involved , " because some expense documents are not yet filed electronically , said Jean Bordewich , staff director of the Senate Rules Committee , which oversees the Senate office that compiles the reports .
Congress passed a rule change in late 2000 that allowed senators to avoid publicly disclosing details of such spending .
Instead , only a total for each of the categories is listed in the Senate 's semiannual reports .
At the time , lawmakers said the large volume of information made the reports too unwieldy .
Jock Friedly of LegiStorm , a nonpartisan Web site documenting congressional information , praised the House speaker 's action and said the Senate should take similar steps .
" It 's about time , " he said .
— John D. McKinnon contributed to this article .
Write to Elizabeth Williamson at elizabeth.williamson@wsj.com , Louise Radnofsky at louise.radnofsky@dowjones.com and T.W. Farnam at timothy.farnam@wsj.com
Architects Filipe Balestra and Sara Göransson have developed a strategy to develop informal slums into permanent urban districts through a process of gradual improvement to existing dwellings instead of demolition and rebuilding .
Developed in Bombay , India , the Incremental Housing Strategy is intended to allow districts to improve organically without uprooting communities .
A pilot project will be implemented in Pune , India but the architects believe the strategy could be appropriate in any country with similar urban conditions .
The architects have developed three house typologies ( below ) consisting of simple frames that allow for later expansion .
" After creating works for Rem Koolhaas at OMA / AMO , Neutelings Riedijk , NL architects , and Thomas Sandell , I found it essential to search for the opposite experience : to work for the ones who cannot pay , " says Balestra .
See also our story on Quinta Monroy in Chile by Alejandro Aravena
Here 's some text , photos and captions from the architects :
--
In September 2008 , architects Filipe Balestra and Sara Göransson were invited by Sheela Patel and Jockin Arputham ( www.sparcindia.org) to come to India to design an Incremental Housing Strategy .
The strategy had to be implementable anywhere .
Above : implementation collage : kaccha houses incremented and customized
Filipe had previously designed and built a school and community centre in Rocinha , Rio de Janeiro ’s largest slum , in a participatory design and construction process together with the locals .
The project was called Sambarchitecture and it was documented in a movie which was shown in Cinema Zita in Stockholm during Brazilian Film Festival .
This movie was also in exhibition in the Architecture Museum of Stockholm and in Botkyrka Konsthall ; Sara has been working on a strategy to connect Stockholm , framing the future urban development as urban bridges between segregated suburbs .
Above : aerial collage : the new archipelago of incremented kaccha houses rising from a sea of well built permanent homes in a typical slum .
Soon after Filipe and Sara arrived to Bombay , a team of international architects , urban planners , landscape architects and graphic designers volunteered to set up the strategy which uses the existing urban formations as starting point for development .
Organic patterns that have evolved during time are preserved and existing social networks are respected .
Neighbors remain neighbors , local remains local .
Above : Far left : Savita Sonawane from Mahila Milan explaning strategy to slum dwellers of Netaji Nagar .
Far right , Filipe Balestra sketching possibilities .
When Filipe and Sara started working they did not know the Indian government would initiate a grant of 4500 euro / family for the incrementation of their homes at a national scale .
The grant is now active and it can be given to any family who lives in a kaccha - an old temporary structure , not suitable for living .
It is called City In - Situ Rehabilitation Scheme for Urban Poor Staying in Slums in City of Pune Under BSUP , JNNURM .
Above : informal office in Koregaon Park , Pune
The pilot project will be implemented in Pune , India .
Filipe , Sara and SPARC is now spreading the word to implement the strategy in other countries with similar needs : Brazil , Kenya , South Africa , The Philippines , the list is long .
1/3 of the world 's urban population is now living in slums .
Above : Life inside a kaccha house I
The strategy strengthens the informal and aims to accelerate the legalization of the homes of the urban poor .
The communities are asked to engage with the construction process to customize each house , i.e. each family will paint the house the color they want .
After all , who knows better than the people themselves how do they want to live ? "
Above : Life inside a kaccha house II
We developed 3 basic prototypes for the slum dwellers to choose from .
These are 3 basic typologies .
House A is a two story home , structured like a 3 story home to ensure safety in future vertical extension ;
House B has Incrementable ground floor , which is left open for either parking or for the family to turn that open space into a shop .
House C has an incrementable middle floor , to hang clothes or to be used like a living room .
All proposals are for one family and 270 sq foot area ( grant regulations ) .
Above : Life inside a kaccha house III
Above : Life inside a kaccha house IV
Design team :
Filipe Balestra
Sara Göransson
Guilherme de Bivar
Martinho Pitta
Rafael Balestra
Remy Turquin
Carolina Cantante
SPARC and Mahila Milan
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - State media declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of Iran ’s election but challenger Mirhossein Mousavi alleged irregularities and claimed victory for himself .
The state election commission said early Saturday that Ahmadinejad , a hardline conservative , was ahead with 66 percent of the votes in Friday ’s election after 21 million ballots were counted .
Ahmadinejad ’s main challenger , moderate former prime minister Mirhossein Mousavi , had 31 percent , according to the commission , which is part of the Interior Ministry .
It said 61 percent of all ballot boxes had now been counted .
The official news agency IRNA said : “ Dr Ahmadinejad , by winning most votes at the 10th presidential election , has secured his victory . ”
It said results would be announced at 8 a.m. ( 0330 GMT ) .
A bitterly fought campaign has generated intense excitement inside Iran and strong interest around the world , with policymakers looking for signs of a change of approach by Tehran , whose ties with the West worsened under Ahmadinejad .
Mousavi had earlier tried to pre-empt official announcements by calling a news conference at which he alleged there had been irregularities , including a shortage of ballot papers .
“ I am the definite winner of this presidential election , ” he declared .
It was unclear how his supporters , who thronged the streets of Tehran nightly in the run-up to Friday ’s vote , might react to an Ahmadinejad victory .
U.S. strategic intelligence group Stratfor called the situation “ potentially explosive , ” with a considerable risk of unrest .
Scuffles broke out early Saturday between police and chanting Mousavi supporters in a Tehran square , a Reuters witness said .
Police say they have increased security across the capital to prevent any unrest .
All gatherings have been banned until the publication of final results .
Analysts had said a victory for Mousavi could help ease tensions with the West , which is concerned about Tehran ’s nuclear ambitions , and improve chances of engagement with U.S. President Barack Obama , who has talked about a new start in ties with Tehran .
In Washington , Obama said his administration was excited about the debate taking place in Iran and he hoped it would help the two countries to engage “ in new ways . ”
BALLOT “ IRREGULARITIES ”
Mousavi , a former prime minister , said many people had not been able to cast their ballots even after voting was extended by four hours .
At his news conference , he listed what he said were problems with the voting process .
Slideshow ( 24 images )
“ ( We ) are waiting for the counting of votes to officially end and explanations of these irregularities be given , ” Mousavi said .
“ We expect to celebrate with people soon . ”
Ahmadinejad draws his bedrock support from rural areas or poorer big city neighborhoods .
Mousavi enjoys strong backing in wealthier urban centers , and was expected to attract votes from women and young Iranians .
Two other candidates attracted only a tiny share of the vote , according to early results .
Under election rules , 50 percent of the vote is needed to win outright ; otherwise a second round run-off would be held on June 19 between the two front - runners .
Slideshow ( 24 images )
Long queues formed earlier at voting centers , after a heated campaign in which inflation -- officially around 15 percent -- and high unemployment were leading issues .
Ahmadinejad , 52 , won power four years ago on a pledge to revive the values of the 1979 Islamic revolution .
He has steadily built up Iran ’s nuclear program , rejecting Western charges that it is aimed at building an atomic bomb , and stirred international outrage by denying the Holocaust and calling for Israel to be wiped from the map .
Mousavi , 67 , rejects Western demands that Iran halt uranium enrichment but analysts say he would bring a different approach to Iran - U.S. ties and talks on the nuclear issue .
Ultimately , however , nuclear and foreign policy are determined by the country ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The United States has had no ties with Iran since shortly after the revolution but Obama said in Washington that the United States had “ tried to send a clear message that we think there is the possibility of change ” in relations .
“ People ’s strong , revolutionary and clear decision will bring about a bright future for the nation , ” Ahmadinejad said when he voted in a working - class part of Tehran .
“ I thank all the people for their green presence which created a miracle , ” Mousavi said , referring to the colors worn by his backers , as he voted in Tehran with his wife at his side .
The three - week election campaign was marked by mudslinging , with Ahmadinejad accusing his rivals of corruption .
They said he was lying about the state of the economy .
Too hard on the police ?
Share
This :
No , I have never been arrested nor have I been physically abused by a policeman .
My antipathy toward men- in - blue comes from a deep revulsion toward those who use force against defenseless people for the simple joy of using force , of venting anger , of asserting authority .
I have no doubt that some police " lose it " and go temporarily out of control but , from what I see and the news stories I read each day , I believe most policemen believe it is their perogative to beat you to a pulp even if you pose no threat .
Consider
Alas for the child abuser cop , his attorney was not successful in barring the public release of surveillance tape of the holding cell in question .
No wonder the Brits outlawed the taping of police officers in the line of duty ; those cell phone videos revealed the brutality and contempt for rights displayed by the average cop .
I wonder if a similar American law will be passed .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Monday 02 March 2009 - 16:29:40 - Permalink
Occasionally , people suggest that I am too ' hard ' on the police .
To recap : I consider them to be a criminal class whose ' profession ' is to violate people 's rights and to suck up tax money for doing so .
Under a free market system ( rather than under statism ) , the police would protect the person and property of peaceful individuals but the police today are probably the greatest threat to your person and property -- at least , the greatest of the threats you are likely to encounter on a regular basis .
I do n't know whether putting on the uniform every day slowly converts you into a sadistic , arrogant thug or whether sadistic , arrogant thugs are attracted naturally to the uniform .
Chicken and egg .
I do know that chances of minding your own business with impunity drop significantly in the presence of a policeman .
No , I have never been arrested nor have I been physically abused by a policeman .
My antipathy toward men- in - blue comes from a deep revulsion toward those who use force against defenseless people for the simple joy of using force , of venting anger , of asserting authority .
I have no doubt that some police " lose it " and go temporarily out of control but , from what I see and the news stories I read each day , I believe most policemen believe it is their perogative to beat you to a pulp even if you pose no threat .
Consider this video of a police officer beating a 15 - year - old girl , even after a fellow officer has her cuffed and pinned face - down on the floor ; that 's when he deals two blows to her head .
The girl was no threat .
The officer had to re-enter the cell where she was placed in order to batter her .
And after he has beaten her up , he yanks her out of the cell by her hair .
Note also how one of them returns to check the cell for anything that might have fallen out of pocket during their bout of child abuse .
These are not out - of - control cops .
These are vicious criminals who believe they have the right to beat a 15 - year - old girl to a pulp ... just as they would beat your daughter or you .
Alas for the child abuser cop , his attorney was not successful in barring the public release of surveillance tape of the holding cell in question .
No wonder the Brits outlawed the taping of police officers in the line of duty ; those cell phone videos revealed the brutality and contempt for rights displayed by the average cop .
I wonder if a similar American law will be passed .
I 'll admit that I 'm still a little wet behind the ears when it comes to the internet and all of the fucked up shit you might see on it .
Would you believe that a man of my stature still gets Goatse 'd about three times a day ?
Sad but true .
Let me give you a scenario .
Let 's say that you are a married man .
Now let 's say that a large black gentleman comes over to your house , fucks the shit out of your wife while you cry in the corner , and then blows his load all over your face .
Are you screaming in terror or are you fully erect .
If it 's the latter , well then congratulations , you 're a cuckold !
Over at CuckoldPlace.com , there just so happens to be 40000 of these motherfuckers all congregating on their forums .
Enjoy .
Ohhhh I bet my wife is gonna have so much fun !
Brutal rejection from your significant other .
Bliss indeed !
Just wait until your wife wants you castrated .
My thread is a hit !
( CNN ) -- Brian Sanderholm thinks Justin Thurber deserves to die for raping and killing his 19 - year - old daughter .
A Kansas jury sentenced Jodi Sanderholm 's killer , Justin Thurber , to death in February .
" I believe in an eye for an eye .
If you do the crime , you need to have justice , " he said .
" In the end , it 's up to the jury , but all that matters is that he can't hurt anyone again . "
But amid a time of economic turmoil some legislators in Kansas and elsewhere say the price of justice is too high .
They have introduced legislation to take the death penalty off the books over financial concerns .
Jodi Sanderholm was last seen alive on January 5 , 2007 , at dance practice at Cowley College in Arkansas City , Kansas , where she was a student and member of the Cowley College Tigerettes Danceline .
Her bruised and battered body was found four days later in a pile of brush , bearing signs of a violent and prolonged death that prosecutors likened to torture .
A jury sentenced Thurber to death on February 18 .
A Kansas court will decide whether to uphold the jury 's verdict in a hearing scheduled for March 20 .
If Kansas Senate Bill 208 passes as written , it wo n't take effect until July 1 , so it is unlikely to affect Thurber 's sentence .
But future savings could be substantial .
" Because of the downturn in the national economy , we are facing one of the largest budget deficits in our history , " state Sen.
Carolyn McGinn , a Republican , said in an opinion piece posted on TheKansan.com Friday .
" What is certain is we are all going to have to look at new and creative ways to fund state and community programs and services . "
The state would save more than $ 500,000 per case by not seeking the death penalty , McGinn wrote , money that could be used for " prevention programs , community corrections and other programs to decrease future crimes against society . "
Fiscal concerns are just a part of McGinn 's argument .
She has also cited the disproportionate rate of minorities that are sentenced to death .
Kansas reintroduced the death penalty in 1994 but has not executed a condemned inmate since 1965 .
Anti-death - penalty groups say longer jury selection , extra expert witnesses , jury consultants and an extended penalty phase tend to make death penalty trials more costly than non -death - penalty cases .
Extra safeguards in place to ensure a fair verdict , including additional investigators and defense attorneys certified to handle death cases , who spend more time researching and litigating the case , also drive up costs .
See a chart comparing the costs of two murder trials »
A 2008 study by the Urban Institute , an economic and social policy research group based in Maryland , found that an average capital murder trial in the state resulting in a death sentence costs about $ 3 million , or $ 1.9 million more than a case where the death penalty is not sought .
A similar 2008 study by the ACLU in Northern California found that a death - penalty trial costs about $ 1.1 million more than a non-death - penalty trial in California .
McGinn 's bill faces opposition from various sides , including victims ' rights groups and the state 's top prosecutor , who says there are no hard numbers related to the cost of the death penalty .
New Mexico , which also has a bill before the Legislature to abolish the death penalty , has already seen a case where costs dictated the outcome .
See which states have bills to get rid of the death penalty »
Last year , the New Mexico attorney general 's office agreed to drop the death penalty for two inmates involved in the stabbing death of a guard , Ralph Garcia , during a 1999 riot at the Guadalupe County Correctional Facility .
The change came after the state Legislature failed to provide additional funding for defense attorneys contracted to handle the case by the public defender 's office .
In court documents filed at the time , Attorney General Gary King said his office could not " in good faith under these circumstances " pursue the death penalty against Robert Young and Reis Lopez .
Even Garcia 's wife lent her voice to the case , writing a letter to then - Assistant Attorney General Michael
Fox explaining why she did not support the death penalty .
" I would rather see the death penalty be abolished and reparation be made to the victims , wives or husbands and to their children .
I know how hard it is to go look for a job when my job was staying home and taking care of the home and kids and my husband was the breadwinner , " Rachel Garcia wrote in a letter dated February 28 , 2005 .
" My husband would [ have ] wanted something like this as much as I do because he so much loved his family . "
Her sentiments became part a bill to abolish the death penalty that was introduced in 2007 and died on the Senate floor in New Mexico .
Its supporters are hopeful it has a better chance this year -- so far , it has passed the House of Representatives and is awaiting action in the Senate .
" I think it helps the debate from being less emotional than it has the potential to be , " Democratic Rep. Gail Chasey said .
" People will say we can't put a price on justice , but in fact , we do put a price on justice when we are not able to give our district attorneys , our police departments , our attorney general the funding they need . "
In Colorado , House Bill 1274 proposes to put the anticipated savings from abolishing the death penalty toward the Colorado Bureau of Investigation 's cold case homicide team .
Guy Morton 's family thought he was missing for 12 years until they learned his remains had been misidentified .
The state has about 1,430 unsolved homicides dating back to 1970 , according to Howard Morton , founder of the Families of Homicide Victims and Missing Persons , an advocacy group pushing for the bill .
For Morton , whose son , Guy , disappeared in 1975 , the issue goes beyond the misuse of tax dollars .
Guy was considered a missing person for 12 years until forensic examination revealed that his remains had been misidentified .
His killer was never found .
" As bad as it is to think that our son 's killer is still on the streets or in our neighborhoods , there 's nothing worse than feeling like he 's been forgotten , just another file in a basement , " he said .
" Once you 've had a loved one murdered , there can be no closure , but there can be resolution , the feeling like , oh well , at least justice was done . "
Kansas , New Mexico and Colorado , among the states where legislators are seeking to get rid of the death penalty , have carried out few or no executions since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 .
On the other hand , Texas , Georgia and Virginia , which consistently lead the nation in executions each year , show no signs of changing course .
Earlier this month , Virginia legislators voted to expand capital punishment to include those who assist in a murder , and those who kill an auxiliary police officer or on - duty fire marshal .
A bill to abolish the death penalty is also before the Texas legislature , but Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos intends to proceed with 194 pending death penalty cases she has on the books .
" We will spare no expense .
We will go after them .
Justice has no price tag , " Lykos said .
" We want to be as cost - effective as possible without compromising the administration of justice and public safety . "
Nonetheless , budget concerns in those states still hamper some efforts to seek the death penalty .
In Georgia , where Gov. Sonny Perdue has ordered all government agencies to trim their budgets by 6 percent , Jamie Ryan Weis , on trial for murder , has been sitting in a jail without a lawyer for more than a year .
The Georgia Public Defender Standards Council appointed two private attorneys in 2006 to represent Weis , who is charged with the murder of Catherine King .
They were pulled from the case a year later because of a lack of funds , court documents indicate , and the Georgia Public Defender Standards Council has yet to replace them .
" The state basically says we want to have the death penalty and we do n't want to pay for it .
It 's like the state says it 's going to the grocery store to buy the most expensive food and it's not going to pay for it , " said attorney Don Samuel , one of three attorneys attempting to obtain a lawyer for Weis .
Griffin Judicial Circuit District Attorney Scott Ballard said he plans to seek the death penalty against Weis , no matter how long it takes or how much it costs .
" I think that if you start deciding it 's too expensive to pursue the death penalty , then you 're encouraging the defense to make it too expensive , and our duty to the public is too great to succumb to that , " Ballard said .
Back in Kansas , Brian Sanderholm says the state has a duty to victims , too .
He opposes efforts to abolish the death penalty because he says families should be able to weigh in on an appropriate punishment , and juries should render the final outcome .
In fact , if Thurber had admitted sooner to having killed his daughter , the father says he would have accepted a life sentence for him .
But by the time Thurber decided to admit his role and seek a plea deal with prosecutors , his family had already been through too much , Sanderholm says .
" It was too late , " Sanderholm said .
" We 'd struggled so much , but after struggling for two years , we decided we 're just going to go on with it . "
CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .
All About Capital Punishment • Kansas • Colorado • New Mexico
( CNN ) --
It is a boarding pass unlike any other .
It 's a memory of a day that nearly was his last on earth .
US Airways passenger Barry Leonard now has the other half of his boarding pass from the fateful flight .
When a FedEx package arrived at Barry Leonard 's home recently , he had no idea it contained items from his flight that ended up in the Hudson River .
Leonard was seated at the front of US Airways Flight 1549 , and when pilot Chesley " Sully " Sullenberger amazingly landed the plane in the river , Leonard left everything he had behind and dove into the frigid water .
He thought all he had left from that January day were the clothes he had on , including a pair of jeans he still wears .
But recently the package with most of his left - behind belongings showed up at his Charlotte , North Carolina , home .
" Everything from the Wall Street Journal of that day to my W - 2 form that I did n't even realize was in this package , " he says .
" You know my briefcase that I 'd had for decades , it was all of those things . "
Watch as Leonard brings out the items recovered from the water »
As he showed CNN the contents he discovered another item -- a memorable slip of paper .
" This is actually the other part of my boarding pass from January 15 .
As you can see here January 15 , flight 1549 and my seat number 1 C , " he says .
The Situation Room The Situation Room , anchored by Wolf Blitzer , assembles top CNN correspondents , analysts , contributors and guests for complete , up - to - the minute coverage of the day 's events
Monday - Friday , 4 p.m. ET see full schedule »
To help return personal items to its passengers , US Airways hired Global - BMS , a Texas - based company that recovers and restores items from large disasters .
Global - BMS sorted through nearly 30,000 items from the flight , cleaning them in a slow , tedious process that often involved freeze - drying items to preserve them while they waited to be processed .
" Passengers ' emotional ties to their possessions because of a traumatic incident like this , it 's highly emotional .
So we just want to make it available , " Mark Rocco , a senior vice president of Global - BMS , tells CNN .
Some of the items that were returned to the 150 travelers were unusable after being submerged , especially electronic items like headphones and music players .
But for a lot of folks , personal effects show a little damage but are still good .
Vicki Barnhardt tried on her running shoes , and though they were a little tight at first , she wears them now when she goes jogging in Huntersville , North Carolina .
She tells CNN that she evacuated the plane only with her cellphone , leaving behind her purse , her wallet , driver 's license , some flash drives and other items .
She got most of her possessions from the plane back -- a coat , a pair of gloves and her cash are still missing -- and the items in the boxes seem in pretty good shape .
The flash drives still work , though you can see some " corrosion " on them .
She also got back a three - ring binder , and all her notes are still readable .
Maryann Bruce found her diamonds in the parcel that was returned to her in Cornelius , North Carolina .
It brought back memories of the landing in the river and made her thankful to be alive .
" I just focused on wow , you know , I got all this stuff back , " she says .
" I can't believe I got all this stuff back , and I 'm here to get the stuff back , versus the alternative where they would 've been giving it to my loved ones .
I did n't relive the anguish ; I relived the ' Wow , I 'm here to get it . ' "
All About US Airways Group Inc. • Air Travel
L'AQUILA , Italy ( CNN ) --
A researcher says he predicted Monday 's devastating earthquake that killed dozens of people and left tens of thousands homeless in central Italy , but authorities dismissed him as a scaremonger .
Rescue workers search for survivors in the ruins of a collapsed house in L'Aquila , Italy .
more photos »
Gioacchino Giuliani , an employee at a physics institute at Gran Sasso , near the badly - hit city of L'Aquila , has demanded an official apology for what he says was an unforgivable failure to act on his predictions .
" There are people who must apologize to me , and they must have the weight of what occurred on their conscience , " Giuliani said after the quake hit , according to local news site Ilcapoluogo.com .
Last month , vans with loudspeakers drove around the area broadcasting Giuliani 's warning after he claimed his method of predicting seismic events by radon gas emissions had forecast an imminent quake .
The scientist was reported to police for spreading false alarms and was made to remove his findings from the Internet .
" They called me an imbecile , " he said .
According IlCapoluogo , Giuliani gave an interview as recently as March 24 in which he repeated his claims .
Local authorities have insisted Monday 's 6.3 - magnitude event was part of a sequence of tremors in a quake - prone area and neither the size nor the timing was possible to predict .
Giuliani said he was monitoring radon concentrations ahead of Monday 's quake , but knew the authorities would press charges against him if he repeated his warning .
" last night I did not know who to talk to .
I could see the situation was deteriorating and there was nothing I could do , " he said , according to IlCapoluogo .
-- CNN's Barry Neild and Gisella Deputato contributed to this report
All About Italy • U.S. Geological Survey
All About Silvio Berlusconi • Italy • Pope Benedict XVI
Rebecca Alexis
Turner writes :
I looked though your site and was shocked by the numbero f people saying the creatures were deceased raccoon or opossum .
As a wildlife rehabber with Nuts For Squirrels Wildlife Rehabilitation located in North East Florida ( First Coast Region ) I have cared for opossum and raccoon on numerous occasions and know for fact that the washed up creatures are NOT former raccoon or opossum .
I was also a three year Environthon Team member in both the Fred B. Miller and Florida State Envirothons .
My school ’s team always placed first in our county .
And scored high in Wildlife Identification .
This brings me to the reasons the creatures are not raccoon or opossum .
Raccoon do not take on a beaked appearance when their skulls are bared , contrary to what has been posted in several places .
The “ slight beak ” the skull takes clearly displays the root mount for the teeth .
This is not seen in and of the Montauk images or images of similar creatures .
Also the orbital ridge of a raccoon skull line up with the lower brain case to form a rounded dinner bell shape not seen in the bird eye view images of the Montauk skull .
Lastly , the limbs of the Montauk creatures are too short to be raccoon , raccoon have long limbs that leave them looking like they walk on stilts until the long belly fur of adulthood grows in .
Opossum have to few forward teeth , a shorter second fang behind the long canines on the upper jaw , and narrower orbits .
Otters are ruled out for both as well due to lack of orbital delta wings on the outer forward orbit rim .
However , river or sea otters are a possible explaination for the images of the Canadian creature “ The Ugly One ” .
Regarding dentition and skull shape .
Plum Island may hold the key to the Montauk and its kin simply because it is an ISLAND .
In the fossil record islands and their limited genetic pool have given rise to rare creature localized to those locations alone .
Tasmanian Wolf / Tiger for example .
Galapagos finches and tortoises for another .
And finally in example , lemurs , foosa cats and several other species from the island of Madagascar .
I hope this helps your readers to educate themselves and cuts down on ignorant posts .
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Australia ’s government will build a A$ 43 billion ( $ 31 billion ) high - speed broadband network , leading a new private - public company , after rejecting bids by companies that it said failed to offer value for money .
A technician works on network cables in central Sydney April 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
In a surprise move , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said on Tuesday the government would ask private companies to join the country ’s biggest infrastructure project to build a network that would be up to 100 times faster than the current network .
Australia has slower and more expensive Internet services than many developed countries , raising concerns about competitiveness , but the project will be made more difficult by the country ’s vast distances and inhospitable terrain .
“ It ’s time for us to bite the bullet on this .
The initiative announced today is a historic nation - building investment focused on Australia ’s long - term national interest , ” Rudd told reporters at parliament .
The center - left government would sell its majority stake five years after the network , which still requires parliamentary approval , was fully operational .
The fibre - optic network , central to Rudd ’s winning election campaign in late 2007 , will be Australia ’s biggest reliance yet on public - private partnerships and underscores Rudd ’s preference for government intervention amid a bruising global financial crisis .
CONTENTIOUS TENDER
A consortium comprising wealthy Australian businessmen and telecoms industry veterans had been favorite to win the project ahead of Optus , which is owned by Singapore Telecommunications , and Canada ’s Axia NetMedia .
The tender process was enveloped in controversy after the country ’s largest phone company , Telstra Corp , was dumped from the running in December , after the government panel overseeing bids said its proposal did not fit requirements .
Rudd said the new network would be built with money from a A $ 20 billion national infrastructure fund and the sale of bonds , following an initial government investment of A$ 4.7 billion .
Private sector investment would be capped at 49 percent .
It adds to A$ 78 billion in economic stimulus measures announced by the government since September to help shield the stalling economy .
Rudd estimated building the network would take 7 - 8 years , presenting a risk that voters could be alienated by the long delay as the government faces re-election late next year .
“ We ’ve delivered an enhanced election commitment .
We ’re actually delivering faster speeds to more people , ” Communications Minister Stephen Conroy told Reuters , shaking off concerns that the scrapped tender could anger voters and big telcos .
“ The global financial crisis impacted right in the middle of the process .
The crisis landed right on top of ( telcos ) , the money dried up for everyone , ” Conroy said , adding Telstra would now be invited back into the process .
The network would operate on a wholesale - only , open access basis , separating retail operations and allowing Optus , Telstra and other companies to build services into the system .
The fibre - to - the - home scheme would support up to 37,000 jobs , Rudd said , as the country teeters on the edge of a recession that could push the jobless rate above 7 percent next year .
Around 90 percent of homes would be connected to a network with speeds of up to 100 megabits per second .
The network would add A$ 37 billion to the national economy through added productivity , analysts said .
TELSTRA UP , BUT OUTLOOK UNCERTAIN
Telstra shares closed up 4.4 percent , clawing back some of a 20 percent drop since mid-December , when the government bumped it from the initial network tender .
In a statement , Telstra said the new plan would have little short to - medium - term impact on its business as it would take years to build .
Chairman Donald McGauchie said he looked forward to constructive talks with government .
Analysts said Telstra could work with the new plan , but the longer term outlook was cloudy as the former state monopoly would be up against a powerful new rival and would no longer enjoy lucrative control over lines to homes .
“ It looks pretty clear that the government has been very persistent in getting a new network up and running , that will definitely be a competing network .
It will be competing directly with the most profitable part of Telstra , ” said Theo Maas , an investment analyst at Fortis Investment Partners said .
The new network is aimed at reaching end users directly , without relying on Telstra ’s local copper cable network .
“ This could mean Telstra ’s copper network would eventually become obsolete anyway , ” said Lucinda Chan , a division director with Macquarie Equities .
In Singapore , SingTel shares rose 1.2 percent , beating a more than 2 percent drop on the broader share market .
( Additional reporting by James Grubel in SYDNEY and Gill Murdoch and Catherine Trevethan in Singapore )
Jun 26 , 2009 ( CIDRAP News ) – The Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) recently provided a shield against damage claims related to the use of the antiviral drugs oseltamivir ( Tamiflu ) and zanamivir ( Relenza ) in the current H1N1 influenza pandemic .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius signed a notice extending liability protection under the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness ( PREP ) Act .
It was published in the Federal Register on Jun 19 .
The PREP Act allows the HHS secretary to provide liability protection related to the use of various medical measures against diseases that HHS determines to be health emergencies .
Protections are already in place for the two antivirals when used against H5N1 influenza and for vaccines for H5N1 and other potential pandemic flu strains , among other drugs and vaccines .
Liability protection is provided to groups and individuals involved in the development , manufacture , testing , distribution , administration , and use of medical countermeasures , according to HHS .
Gretchen Michael , an HHS spokeswoman in the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response , described the antiviral - related move as routine .
" This just sort of adapted the previous PREP Act documents for H1N1 , " she said .
Michael said the impulse for PREP
Act liability protections has come primarily from the manufacturers of the relevant products .
She said the oseltamivir protection measure was not related to the reports , mainly from Japan , of abnormal behavior in some adolescents who were given the drug .
See also :
Federal Register notice about liability protection for oseltamivir and zanamivir
http://edocket.access.gpo.gov/2009/pdf/E9-14412.pdf
Three years ago this coming September ( 9/11 actually ) my big strong steel worker of a husband had a massive stroke ... for about 6 weeks it was touch and go if he would live at all ... four of those six weeks he was in ICU with round - the - clock , one - on - one nursing care .
And that care was excellent , state of the art .
Not one bed sore , not one mishap ...
He had surgery to remove a huge blood clot from his brain .
He was paralyzed on his right side and unable to speak .
He was in a coma for most of the time in ICU and on a ventilator and had a feeding tube ....
He was in the hospital for about three months in total .
He is now on the mend .
His right leg has improved to the point that he can now walk about 2 miles each day with just a cane ... and he is getting his speech back .
His right arm and hand are still paralyzed , but they tell me that in time it will come back too .
Probably not 100 % though ....
My husband , a Canadian Citizen , has paid into the healthcare system via his * gasp * taxes all of his working life .
As a result , we have had to pay ZERO for the excellent care he has received ...
I am sitting here looking at two statements from the hospital that detail just some of the charges .
These ARE NOT bills ...
For example ...
He had 10 CT scans while in the hospital at a cost of $ 44.55 CN EACH ...
That 's a total of $ 455.00CN or about $ 400.00 US
As far as I have been able to discover , the average cost of ONE CT scan in the States is $ 1,186 US
You do the math ...
The ONLY thing we paid for was a $ 45.00 charge for the ambulance service .
It is a private service .
I have n't SEEN any charges from the Neurosurgeon nor any of his other 4 physicians who have been consulting on his case ... and I won't .
When he first came home , he received physical therapy in our home , and then after about a month he began to attend physical , occupational and speech therapy ... three times a week for 18 months , on an out - patient basis ... all paid for by the Province ...
We received help in outfitting our home for his disabilities ... all paid for by the Province ... etc. , etc. , etc .
He received specially fitted / molded braces for both his leg and his arm / hand ...
He is receiving botox injections every three months ... at $ 1,700 per round of shots ... all paid for by his employer 's insurance ... They pay for ALL of his medications ...
He receives home care visits twice a week ... to help with a shower and his exercises at home ... and to give me a few hours of respite , to go to the store or just to sit and read if I want ...
His $ 5,000 + wheel chair was paid for through his employer based insurance and the Province .
The insurance pays 25 % and the Province 75 % .
He is 100 % disabled and receives about $ 2,700.00 per month from the Province and his employer 's insurance ( each pays half ) in disability payments .
Granted , as with ANY system there are problems ( although I 've not encountered any yet ) but if this had happened in the States .... well , I shudder to think where we would be right now ...
It was such a shock AND a relief when I arrived at the hospital to find that no one was demanding to know how we planned to pay for his care ...
A swipe of his Health Card , and I was ushered into the ER to be with him ... No one even MENTIONED money at ANY time ...
And that lack of added stress at a time when stress was my constant companion , was , and is .... priceless .
Thank you Tommy Douglass
Take your Hammock Chairs , Air Chairs , and Mayan Chairs along to your outdoor events .
Great for camping , fishing , or tailgating !
You 'll love these travel hammocks and travel hammock chair stands .
You can take a folding hammock on your next camping trip to make it easier and in the heat of the summer , you will appreciate a camping hammock for being cool and comfortable while hanging in the air in a portable hammock , rather than lying on the hard ground .
See also our Hammock Chair & Swing Stands for use at home .
Do you need a Hammock Chair or Swing Chair ?
See our great selection !
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
One person captured on Internet videos helping “ Neda , ” the young Iranian woman killed last week who has become an icon of the protests , was identified by a British newspaper on Friday as a doctor who has since fled Iran .
A frame grab from YouTube shows a woman identified as Neda Agha - Soltan lying on the ground after getting shot in the chest in Tehran June 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / YouTube
“ I felt she was trying to ask a question , ‘ Why ? ’ , ” Dr. Arash Hejazi told the Times in an interview as he recalled her final moments lying in a street with blood pouring from her body .
“ She was just a person in the street who was against the injustice going on in her country , and for that she was murdered , ” said Hejazi , an Iranian who is resident in Britain but says he went to Tehran on a business trip .
Hejazi said Neda Agha Soltan , a 26 - year - old music student , was killed by a government militiaman .
Iran has accused the West , particularly Britain and the United States , of inciting violence .
State television has blamed violence on “ terrorists ” and “ vandals . ”
Hejazi , 38 , said he fled from Iran when the video footage sped around the world on websites because he feared his own life might be in danger as he could be seen with Soltan .
Before trying to leave , he said he emailed a friend in Britain to say he hoped to join his family in the university city of Oxford where he was studying : “ If something happens to me , please take care of ( my wife and son ) . ”
He said he had gone outside into Tehran ’s streets only when he and some friends heard a commotion .
Hejazi said Soltan ’s death would always haunt him but was glad she had become a global symbol .
“ This way her blood is not wasted and she did not die in vain , ” he said .
In Iran , supporters of defeated candidate Mirhossein Mousavi , who says the June 12 presidential poll was rigged , plan to release thousands of balloons on Friday with the message : “ Neda you will always remain in our hearts . ”
About 20 people were killed when the disputed poll sparked the worst unrest in Iran since the Islamic revolution in 1979 .
A security crackdown by Iran ’s hardline government has largely driven demonstrators off Tehran ’s streets this week .
Little is known about 40 - year - old Tommy Wiseau : He ’s an American filmmaker with a vaguely Eastern European accent .
He wrote the script for The Room , peddled it to big studios , then decided to scrape together $ 6 million to do the thing himself in 2003 .
But unlike his background or personal life , the movie — which Wiseau also produced , directed , and starred in — is known in close detail by its ever - growing cult following .
It tells the story of Johnny ( played by Wiseau ) , a regular guy from San Francisco whose girlfriend Lisa is cheating on him with his best friend Mark .
Simple ?
Sort of .
There are scenes dealing with drug use , job security , softcore porn , losing underwear , and tuxedo football .
( At one point , one of the characters famously says , “ I got the results of the test back : I definitely have breast cancer , ” and it ’s never brought up again ; later , a character trips while playing football , then disappears from the film altogether . )
The sets are haphazard , the camerawork is blurry , most of the actors ’
IMDB pages are surprisingly barren ; in short , midnight - movie audiences have been eating up The Room for years in Los Angeles .
And other than his appearances at Room screenings , plus a role in an episode of Tim And Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! , Wiseau has remained in the shadows .
He put out an independent documentary called Homeless In America in 2004 , and began work on a TV pilot called The Neighbors , but that ’s it .
His film continues to gain exposure , though , and this week , screenings are cropping up in Chicago , New York , Austin , and beyond .
Advertisement
In honor of The Room ’s expansion , The A.V. Club reached out to Wiseau for an interview .
His assistant insisted on seeing the questions up front , then sent Wiseau ’s responses within a few hours ; the interview was still on , the e-mail said , but these answers were to avoid any misquotes .
Here ’s that first e-mail volley , as well as the follow - up phone chat with Wiseau about how he got into film , why he made his casting choices , what ’s wrong with women today , and the decision to name a character Chris-R .
Via e-mail :
The A.V. Club :
What have you been up to since finishing The Room ?
Tommy Wiseau : Currently I ’m working on The Neighbors sitcom , and feature movies like vampires , and another one .
I ’m also attending some screenings of The Room .
Advertisement
AVC : How did you audition the actors in the film ?
What stood out to you about them ?
TW : The usual way , by interviewing actors and determining who will play the different characters , then casting them .
Each character of The Room had a backup .
If you are referring to the characters of The Room , each character has a different personality which you can see very clearly on the screen .
If you are referring to the actors , they give me different emotions , personality which represents human behavior .
Advertisement
We have many Lisas , Marks , Dennys , Johnnys , and other characters from The Room in America and in the entire world .
AVC : The central plot of The Room concerns infidelity , but a lot of other things are brought to the table — drug use and terminal disease .
What do you feel these other plots add to the film ?
Advertisement
TW : All topics , issues , and subjects in The Room add to the depth of the characters in the movie , and they are equally important .
AVC : Tell me about your process as a director .
Are scenes tightly scripted , or do you allow improvisation ?
Can you give me any examples ?
Advertisement
TW : As a director , I have to feel realism from actors , and they ca n’t be plastic .
The words for me are secondary , but the chemistry between the actors is most important .
However , you have to go by the script because it ’s related to production , otherwise you will not finish your project .
My background are acting , film production , directing , and I studied them for many years .
Keep in mind that you need many other skills when you are starting any film project related to real life .
Advertisement
AVC : Why did you decide to set the film in San Francisco ?
TW : First , I love San Francisco , and it offers spectacular scenery of the city , and it adds to the uplifting quality of the movie .
Advertisement
AVC : The Room has had many public screenings since being released .
What is the experience like , watching other people watch your film ?
TW : I ’m thrilled about it , and the entire country , and as well as the entire world should see The Room in theaters and buy The Room DVD from Amazon.com , and again see it in the theaters at least three times .
Advertisement
AVC : Are you happy with the way the film turned out ?
TW : Yes , I ’m satisfied with the way The Room turned out , and I do n’t want to change anything .
Advertisement
AVC : You also wrote a novel and play based on The Room .
How does the plot translate to other formats ?
What differences have you noticed between formats ?
TW : It is the same story , there is not difference , however , you have more descriptions and details about the characters in the novel .
Advertisement
AVC : You ’re also writing a book about the differences between camera formats , shooting with 35 mm and HD cameras side - by - side through the film ’s entirety .
What did The Room teach you about those types of cameras ?
TW : For your information and your readers ’ information , The Room is the only one feature movie which was shot on two cameras , 35 mm and HD cameras at the same time .
We learn many different aspects of the two camera formats , such as for example the cost of production , quality of finish product , a system approach to post - production and other aspects .
Advertisement
In short conclusion , the film format is the film , and the HD format can be very close to the film format , but ca n’t replace it .
Again , that ’s why I ’m writing a book about it , because is base on the above facts , not base on just comparison through basic data about it , but practical experience and by doing it , not just comparing data .
Via phone :
The A.V. Club :
You mentioned that you ’re working on The Neighbors , a project that has been in the works for a few years .
What ’s its status ?
Advertisement
Tommy Wiseau : I have a pilot , which is 22 minutes .
And then basically , right now , I ’m waiting for green - light , if I may say that .
And long story short , I do n’t know what will happen , to be honest with you .
But eventually , I have a script for 10 episodes already .
So that ’s what the goal is .
AVC : What inspired you to write that pilot ?
TW : It ’s something different .
I always wanted to work with a TV .
So I ’m open .
If you know anybody who is open for it , let me know .
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : If you ’ve always wanted to work in television , what inspired you to make The Room as a film , not a series ?
TW : If you ask me , you see , I prefer doing film .
The reason I ’m doing a sitcom is because it ’s much more approachable .
If you compare cost … I ’m working currently on several different projects .
The sitcom is funny thing I want to do , you know .
It ’s a much different approach .
We already have a stage , we have props , we have everything .
So just do it , you know .
Advertisement
AVC : So basically it ’s just a matter of someone turning the key ?
TW : Right , green - light .
Advertisement
AVC : Have you always been interested in film ?
TW : Yeah , the film is better for me than the sitcom .
But the sitcom is like much more practical approach , if I may say that , because of the cost .
Everything costs money , a lot of people do n’t realize that .
Advertisement
AVC : Did you attend film school or anything ?
TW : Yes I did , but I will not tell you which one .
[ Laughs . ]
AVC : Was it in the United States ?
TW : But it was the short time , and long story short , I did some acting in college , took some workshop , classes , et cetera .
But then I attend film school , and you know , my background is acting and directing .
But the acting does best , I like to work on the stage .
[ American Conservatory Theater ]
San Francisco , et cetera .
So whatever you see on the IMDB , that ’s true story , no question about it .
Advertisement
AVC : A lot of actors and directors people were inspired by one movie that got them into film or acting .
What was that film for you ?
TW : I do n’t have one , however , I will tell you that the word “ inspire , ” it does n’t click in my mind , if I may say that .
I like The Guns Of Navarone , I do n’t know if you saw this movie , and also a James Dean movie , Marlon Brando , or Citizen Kane , etc .
I have a bunch of really , I cannot say that this movie trigger interest .
But the issues of acting , I used to want to be a rock star , to give you little secret .
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : What kind of music do you like ?
TW : I like rock music .
I also like classical , if you ask me .
I ’m very adaptable , they say that .
But I have certain preference too , be honest with you .
I do n’t like , speaking about the movie , if I may say couple more words , I like a movie that does n’t drag too much , unless it ’s purpose .
In The Room , we have certain … when you ask me , I do n’t want to give away .
But I like a movie with an action with a certain pace .
If it ’s too monotone , I hate it .
No , I do n’t hate it , I just do n’t like it , period .
Advertisement
AVC : So when you were editing The Room — the pace comes together in the editing room , I would imagine ?
TW : You ’re absolutely correct , 100 .
Because that also relate to ratio , you see .
In The Room , I do n’t know if you heard the statement ratio .
Our ratio is from one to four , means that each scene we did four times .
You see , a lot of people do n’t … anyway , never mind .
Okay continue , I ’m sorry .
Advertisement
AVC : Let me guess what you were gonna say :
That people see the film , and they assume that you did it all in one take .
TW : Yeah , that ’s part of it .
Because you see , a lot interviews what I have , I emphasize this .
One of the biggest problem we have at the time of production , we use the two cameras .
So again , you do n’t have to be expert , and I do n’t know you , it seems to me you have a nice voice , and you know what you ’re doing .
But the fact is , logically , any person will logically say , “ Wait a minute , where ’s the film , where ’s the HD ? ”
You see , the HD came , it does n’t cost so much .
So before production , they ask you brainstorm the plan , what is the ratio ?
Any filmmaker , big directors , and I ’m not dropping any names — I actually have couple names I want to say , but I will not — we have a ratio .
Each thing you repeat , my ratio is one to four .
This choice , you see , we have a lot of footage , that we do n’t have it , we do n’t put in the movie because it ’s the same footage , the same scene , and that ’s what we call ratio one to four .
Actually some people are ratio one to 34 , for your information .
I know couple directors , big directors , they are just shooting over and over , you know .
Advertisement
AVC : What did you do when , after four takes , you still were n’t satisfied with the scene ?
Did you have to move on ?
TW : No no no , that happened — good question , by the way .
My principle was , we cannot do no more than four , but occasionally we go a little higher .
Occasionally .
I think that was around 10 scene when we did a little higher .
Again , that ’s related to cost , because otherwise it ’s no way you can finish the project .
It ’s no way .
Advertisement
AVC : In our e-mail interview , you mentioned that the auditions for the film were pretty standard .
The role of Lisa is such an important one — what stood out , specifically , about Juliette Danielle ’s take on the part ?
TW : Let me say it again , and I say this many times , and I think I respond to your question as well , that we always had duplication of actors .
I learned this from — my background again is acting in the theater , from a theater production .
So theater actors in the theater , you have two people , and you have some people understudy .
We actually have three Lisas and four Lisas , and the fact is that people did not perform the way I want it .
So we let her go , some of these people , and she did better job .
That ’s basically what it is .
And let me stress one thing , as a director right now I ’m going by the chemistry of the actors , not so much words .
So you see here , I do n’t know , did you see The Room ?
Advertisement
AVC : Of course .
Many times .
TW : Okay , cool .
So you can see it .
The question is , can Michelle — you compare other girls in the movie , can she deliver what Lisa does ?
You see , this is the thing , the choices what I make is not subjective .
It ’s much more objective than subjective choices , based on what people deliver , how they deliver .
The words , the line , the situation , what they think , what you can see it .
Let me tell you one thing , that not a lot actors can do that , by the way .
We have big stars actors , again I ’m not dropping any names , very famous actors , and they doing good job , but guess what ?
They will not deliver .
Guarantee you 100 percent .
It does n’t matter how much you pay them , they will not deliver .
Advertisement
AVC : Why do you think that is ?
TW : It ’s very complex , because human behavior is very complex .
Like I ’m talking to you now , I try to be nice , you try to be nice , because you want to interview me , we have certain objectives .
Now , we actors , as a general speaking , we have the same thing .
Where the director comes is , say …
Wait a minute , what is between actors , script , and director ?
Well , surprise surprise , the audience .
So how to please the audience ?
And my job as a director is now not just to please the audience , no , to led them to think about it .
And I do n’t know how you sense about it , but you see , right now I notice that a lot of people are much more kind for me , if I may say that , much more positive when they talk about The Room .
They do n’t butcher it anymore .
You see , some people were just …
Advertisement
Let me tell you one that I am very honest about .
The person who wrote the article about it for Variety did not see the movie .
I do not believe he saw the movie , and I will say this publicly .
Because you see , my point is , and I say this many times to everyone who knows me , that you do n’t have to like my movie .
I do n’t ask you to like my movie , as long as you enjoyed yourself .
And I think you have so many different dilemma issues , you may name it , you have there .
So you may have some interest .
And also the fact is — I ’m just laughing because I think it ’s funny too — I ca n’t open certain door when you are very uncomfortable with it .
Perfect example is scene with the love scene .
A lot of people at the screening , they are uncomfortable , they go to bathroom , they are turning their heads .
You can observe the audience , this is a fact .
AVC : The bulk of the film concerns Mark , Johnny ’s best friend , having a secret affair with Lisa .
But at the same time , he remains Johnny ’s friend .
As the screenwriter , can you explain why Mark decides to cheat ?
Advertisement
TW : This is good question .
You are the first one .
I ’m not saying because you are Steve , I ’m saying because it ’s true .
First of all , let me tell you this — I studied psychology ; I might actually go back to school , believe it or not .
So this particular observation which you describe is that , sometimes , you do n’t have to say anything .
When you push back , we are , you know , many kids do that , and adults do the same .
It ’s a certain feelings and understanding between two people .
It ’s the same situation when Lisa and Mark are kissing at the end , she says , “ This is our secret . ”
Now wait a minute here , what is this secret , you just kissed her ?
What ’s going on here ?
You see , this is so awkward , but the question is :
Does secret continue , or secret remain as is , and we finish , we not do anymore ?
Well , as you know , the film is progressing and we have the same situation on the couch , even the party , still Lisa did not give up .
This is the thing what drive Johnny crazy , you see .
The intuition is there , you say , wait a minute , there ’s something wrong here , but I just do n’t believe it .
AVC : Not to give too much away , but did you always have it in mind that the film would end so… dramatically ?
Advertisement
TW : Yes I did , because I think the …
You see , it ’s a lot different factor to consider why the ending is what it is .
But the ending is … by the way , hopefully the book will be published this year .
The film is based on a novel , The Room , and I already have the book long time ago , and I say I condense everything to the script form .
But anyway , this is a lot factors that contribute to that .
You look at today ’s society , and you look at society 100 years ago , human behavior did not change .
Environment did change , but not the human behavior .
And I think that a lot of people do n’t realize that .
You know what I always say , simplicity is the virtue of success .
Means that , as simple as an issue is , it ’s much more difficult to present it .
You may use the fancy words , you may use whatever you want .
Just recently somebody said in some statement , I was just laughing .
The simple present you better reach people than you trying to use all these fancy words .
But again , it ’s a free country .
[ Laughs . ]
[ pagebreak ]
AVC : There ’s a lot happening in The Room : infidelity , but also drugs , cancer , job stress , etc .
If simplicity is a virtue , how do all these other plots fit in ?
Advertisement
TW : I simplify as much as I could , if you ask me .
Keep in mind that I have only 99 minutes to present all the obstacle life .
And I think we did .
From the pregnancy of a woman , if you really think about it , to cancer , to drugs , to behavior , to betrayal , to relationship between two is better than one , or three is better than two , or vice versa , two is better than three — you know , when Denny says , “ I like to watch , ” look at kids today .
I have nephews myself .
And I say , what are you doing here ?
“ Oh yeah , I just want to watch . ”
In a very innocent way .
But if you look at society today , society 50 years ago , look at how forward society come , and people forget about this stuff .
You see I do n’t know you , Steve , but I ’m just telling you right now , sometimes I ’m extremely disappointed with people who writing about The Room , because it ’s so many angles you can go .
And you can be negative , there ’s nothing wrong with that .
Contrary , I like free expression .
I always say in my Q&A , you can write , you can cry , you can express yourself , but please do n’t hurt each other .
Because you see idea is that you have to have free will .
You cannot just say , “ Oh well , wait a minute , I will insult somebody . ”
No , just a minute .
You see , I am not a person like that .
I prefer people say straightforward , “ You know what , I just do n’t like this . ”
I have couple [ writers ] that apologize .
I say first of all , do n’t apologize to me , just express yourself .
Contrary , when you honest , that ’s what people should have in society .
Say , “ Look , I like this , I do n’t like that , ” or “ I do n’t like it at all . ”
Advertisement
AVC : How old is Denny supposed to be in the film ?
TW : He ’s supposed to be around 16 , 18 .
AVC : What do you think Philip Haldiman brought to the role of Denny ?
TW : I think he brought a lot stuff .
One thing was people actually , he ’s really retarded a little bit .
Advertisement
AVC : Is that how you wrote it ?
TW : Indirectly , so he ’s confused .
I do n’t know if you remember the scene when Johnny and Denny is talking on the roof , and he say , “ I ’m in love with Lisa , what ’s wrong with that ? ”
You see , this is the thing what some people missing , but this is one of the example I wanna give you .
You see , we do n’t talk like that .
But the same time , I know dozen of people who actually do .
So they ’re open to say , “ Yeah , I love your life , I love your girlfriend , but I really do n’t like sexual , I like as a person , as a friend . ”
And that ’s what a lot of people missing the point here .
And he ’s saying very quirky way , sort of innocent , very afraid of the statement what Johnny will say .
“ If I pay your apartment , I give you money for your school , and suddenly you try to hook up with my girlfriend .
What ’s going on here ? ”
Advertisement
AVC : How much of Tommy Wiseau is in the character Johnny ?
How much did you draw on your personal experiences ?
TW : Let me say this way , very general speaking , we all have Johnnys , we have Lisas , we have Mark .
In America we have across the country , the entire world .
That ’s my answer .
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : The film ’s poster is everywhere .
How did you settle on that particular image to use in the film ’s marketing campaign ?
TW : Well , we call “ Evil Man , ” because …
By the way , this is one of the good questions .
If you go to The Room movie website , you can see two posters .
One of the three characters — John , Lisa , and Mark , which is another poster — and then we have a poster with main characters , and then we have Evil Man .
This project , Evil Man was Johnny ; I mean , my face , my image , one eye is blinking a little bit .
This is a provocation .
Otherwise people will not talk about it .
This was intentionally done , a lot of people referred to The Room as a horror movie in the beginning , I said “ Wait a minute , that ’s not what it is . ”
Advertisement
Again , I ’m not a famous director yet , and I ’m not into fame , be honest with you .
I like to just work .
As a director , as an actor , whatever people consider me is fine with me .
One of the things you have to understand with The Room , I never approached a studio to produce , because I know no one in Hollywood will produce this .
I came to Hollywood and I said “ I will produce this movie the way I want it . ”
It ’s not a secret , you probably heard about it , yes it is true , we have three different crews , we fire some people .
My biggest expression was , “ On the set , you see the door , you enter through this door , have your pay , and do n’t come back .
Because you see , I already have a vision about The Room , I want to present it the way I want to present it . ”
And to answer you , Steve , I wanted people enjoy themselves .
If I did The Room as a regular movie , which actually I would have soon — I ’m working about vampires movie as well , it ’s the other movie where we ’re shooting in San Francisco again .
I say shooting , I did n’t say shot , because somebody misquote me and I hate that .
Somebody wrote “ He is shooting , ” I say , “ I ’m not shooting , I shot or shooting , I know what the present past or whatever you talk about . ”
The one will be in San Francisco dealing with relationships , and the vampires movie is again movie , you will see it will be totally different .
You see , because approach is different , and people do n’t realize that .
And The Room is 90 percent …
One of the big studios , it ’s no secret , Paramount Pictures actually reviewed The Room and decided not to release it , after the movie was completed .
They give me really good feedback , they say , “ Good job , but we ’re not interested . ”
We submit it to Academy Awards , etc .
So I am very respectful toward big studios , what they doing , what I ’m doing .
I already worked with them a couple project , and we ’ll see what happens .
AVC : On a video interview , you said that your favorite scene in the movie is the “ tearing me apart , Lisa ” scene .
Advertisement
TW : Yeah one of them , as well as the Chris-R .
AVC : First , what about the “ tearing me apart ” scene makes it your favorite ?
TW : You see , Johnny coming from work , right , and he sort of everything going hunky - dory , and suddenly , we have a sense of smell , but we have a sense also of intuition .
And after that , it ’s something wrong here , because he hear Michelle saying , “ What secret ? ”
Long story short , he ’s just furious about it .
It ’s something wrong here .
And the reason I like the line because it ’s have very impact toward people as well .
Advertisement
AVC : So you enjoyed playing that scene because of the emotion ?
TW : Well one , the emotion , and the other aspect is that this relate to many different obstacle in life .
Emotion , yes , I love emotion , for your information , very much so .
Advertisement
AVC : Going back , the entire scene with Chris - R. feels …
No offense , but that scene did n’t have to be there .
TW : [ Laughs . ]
No , you can say whatever .
To me it ’s compliment , actually .
But the same time again , you have to understand that the concept with The Room is not just to present one particular issue , like the drugs , like the way you describe right now , no .
We want to present the other thing .
That ’s why I say it ’s no use for me to …
If you read the book , you will see it , that Chris - R … [ We ] go to police station , and Johnny can go with them , actually they go together , Johnny and Mark , and then they put the pistols and the evidence et cetera , they inspect to each of them what happened , et cetera .
So you have much more detail work .
Here , we just do n’t have time .
Plus , idea behind is , we are there already oriented , so why even drill all that in the first place ?
But see , this is good point , I ’m surprised you did n’t ask me why I put dash next to Chris - R as a character .
Because see again , if I call him only Chris , I say “ Wait a minute , it has to be distinguished . ”
I get a lot of e-mails from regular fans , and they say “ Why you put dash next to R ? ” Because again , he is a gangster , and his initial is R , that ’s why we call him Chris-R .
Advertisement
AVC : What else do fans e-mail you about ?
TW : They ask me how I find it , what ’s the budget , etc .
AVC : How did you get the $ 6 million for the film ?
TW : Well that ’s basically what I ’m saying , and today I would say to you the same thing , so you already know the answer .
I usually do n’t like to talk about money , but I talk about the movie , and the other aspects of directing , etc .
They ask me for example similar question like what is my favorite car , what ’s my favorite colors , et cetera , you can go on .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you like cheesecake ?
TW : Yeah , I do , actually .
AVC : In the film , the woman who runs the coffee shop pushes the cheesecake on every customer .
Advertisement
TW : Good statement , Steve .
I do like cheesecake , I ’ll be honest with you .
That to me , is coming from my life .
Some people do like it , I ’m one of them .
[ Laughs . ]
AVC : Natural follow - up : The sex scenes .
How did you shoot them ?
TW : Good question .
Let me tell you , the love scene , to do any love scene , and I do n’t care who you ’re talking in the future talking to them , they will tell you the same thing I ’m telling you right now .
Is extremely difficult to do .
We all have a shortcut .
As you know , we use the two cameras , so we need two crews .
And you have no shortcut .
You have a lighting — of course we call it closed stage or closed production , means that we need the minimum people who are actually on the set .
Closed set , we call it .
But the bottom line is , with two cameras , you need least six , eight people , that ’s the minimum .
It ’s a lot of preparation , like the lighting , we want to only have one person ; instead we have three or four usually .
Grips , et cetera .
Closed set , nobody on the set except minimum crew possible .
Basically , you have to do what you have to do .
Advertisement
AVC : But did you actually have sex ?
TW : No , you do n’t do it .
You mean do you do the sex ?
No , absolutely not .
AVC : Do you wear special underwear or something ?
TW : If you ask me precise question … general speaking , it ’s extremely difficult to do as I said before .
Sometimes you have a certain dilemma how far you can go , but we are not doing any sex whatsoever , zero , zip .
I ’m very against that , because this is not a porno movie .
We call zone , if you ’re in a zone position , let me give you a little history here .
I do n’t know if you know the acting Stanislavski Method .
We have couple actors in past history that they perform in the stage .
And that was the thing , killing people , okay .
The person actually did kill the person on the stage , that ’s a fact .
The reason for it is because the person was already in the zone , we call acting zone .
So it ’s borderline between realism and fake .
And that ’s what happened with the scene sometimes , you go as real as you can .
I personally think that all the scene that you see , love scene , is pretty real , almost 100 percent .
Advertisement
You see Juliette , she did a good job , the other girls did also good job , but she did n’t give me that realism .
That ’s why I decided you know what , we will cast Juliette .
AVC : What did n’t the other girls give you that you felt you needed ?
TW : The chemistry was not there .
The same with Mark .
When you look at Mark , even though they say Mark is sort of a mannequin performance , he delivers certain innocence .
If you look at James Dean , it ’s the same thing .
Look at James Dean movies and look at The Room , some of the characters .
Compare format .
This is also lead me to statement what I said before , social situation in America today did not change , meaning relationship did not change , when you look at 50 years ago , 100 years ago , through the movie today , the biggest difference is environment change , Internet , TV , etc .
But I can cite you dozen of films , a dozen situation that is similar to The Room , and people are talking almost the same way .
But the environment ’s different , of course .
Advertisement
But speaking of Lisa , another aspect of her is you can see her female manipulation .
I do n’t know if you notice , but again I am just saying as a general speaking , I always say to girls , when I interview them at the time for The Room as well for The Neighbors , “ Show me something . ”
You know the difference between guys and girls today ?
Usually girls say it ’s no different whatsoever .
But you see , a lot of girls , you know what they ’re missing ?
They do n’t understand that they are better than us guys , if you think about it .
They are much more manipulative , that ’s what Lisa is about .
She can twist words around , and when she say , “ I wrap Johnny around my little finger , ” this is the message we have in today ’s society : that the woman ’s extremely strong .
But other end of the story is that a lot of girls , woman , female , whatever you name it , they do not use it very instinct .
This is the problem , Steve , with due respect .
I do n’t know how you grew up , but I ’ve been many countries , and et cetera , I always find it funny that to me , girls have much more instincts of manipulation better than we guys .
Because they can actually accomplish better .
But today ’s society says they have to be equal .
They do n’t have to , as long as they use their own instinct .
And that ’s what Lisa come from .
Lisa come from a background that she knew already — that if she showed her real herself , she can get away with anything .
She can lie , she can do anything .
I always say , I notice — when I was going to school in Oakland as well as New Orleans — to some of the girls , I say , “ Why you try to wear jeans ?
In a dress you ’d be looking better . ”
“ No no , we want to be equal . ” I said , “ Okay , you are equal , but you do n’t understand what you missing . ”
You know , because they have much more power , that ’s the idea behind it .
Advertisement
AVC : So what you ’re saying is that women these days have a lot more power , but a lot of them do n’t use that power ?
TW : Exactly , thank you very much .
I do n’t know if you agree with me , but besides The Room , I can send you hundreds , and I ’m not exaggerating , hundreds of different situation .
And let me tell you …
“ I want to be fireman , ” the women want to be firemen .
Well you know what , you can be president , for God ’s sake , but use your charm .
You see , I always say we need in society , it does n’t matter if you like girls , you do n’t like it , it ’s irrelevant .
But we need colors , different colors .
In acting , you would call colors .
Lisa , Juliette , she delivers certain colors .
In real life , she ’s pretty manipulative , if you really ask me .
But the same time , I think all actors including her , they did excellent job , and that lead me to , because she was understudy , and she did excellent because she was listening .
Do you know that she , as well as Claudette ( played by Carolyn Minnott ) , they never miss any rehearsals .
In rehearsals , I show the actors some of the weakness on the screen .
And they make notes , they really put really a lot stuff into role .
A lot of people do n’t know this stuff .
But again , irony of the story is that today ’s society as a whole , the women , they do n’t use it they own instinct , and they own group will , and they can do much better .
Advertisement
AVC : That is n’t a very positive view .
TW : You look at backwards , 50 , 60 years ago , you have many actresses , many people , woman in politics that they did very well .
Today ’s society , they do the same thing , but I think a lot of girls today want to equal the men , and they do n’t realize it does n’t work so well — they should use what they have , that ’s my point .
The Room is perfect example , because Lisa can do much better , you see .
But she decide to go upward , like I go to Mark , I go to somebody else , and in the end she ’s by herself , basically .
So whatever you think it ’s positive or negative , I still would say the same thing , that a lot of girls are missing the point .
Dressed in jeans or dressed in skirts , what is better ?
Advertisement
AVC : What ’s a typical day like for you ?
TW : It ’s crazy .
Tomorrow I have another interview and a photo shoot , and then I ’m working on planning for the production .
Advertisement
AVC : How do you relax ?
TW : That ’s personal question , actually .
AVC : I do n’t know , I thought maybe you like playing videogames or something .
TW : Well , I watch TV , but I do n’t watch too much .
I like to play basketball on my own basketball court here at my house .
I do so many different activity , if you ask me .
General speaking , I like sports .
My next movie will be also basketball , you ’ll be surprised too .
Advertisement
AVC : Reviews of the film tend to use some form of , “ It ’s so bad , it ’s good . ”
How do you feel about that phrase , as it applies to The Room ?
TW : Well you know what , you are the first person to actually say that .
I think it ’s a contradiction .
To me , if you ask me , let ’s say I saw X movie , and I said to you , “ I recommend you to see this movie . ”
I would never say , “ Well , it ’s bad , but you have to see it . ”
I think The Room is something magnetic , a certain magnetism in The Room that is related to human behavior , and that ’s why people relate to it .
If you not connect to industry — basically people bashing me , as you know , it ’s no secret about that — I think people who are too negative about it , I personal think they do n’t know what they are talking about .
Because I am a director , and actor , blah blah blah , and my idea is to entertain people .
So as long as they laugh or enjoy themselves , I enjoy with them .
I ’m not , like , some people say , “ They do n’t laugh with Tommy , Tommy not laugh with them , ” or something like that ; no , on the contrary .
I enjoy very much , and I wish I could attend all the screening in the world , it ’s impossible .
You see , it ’s contradicting .
I do n’t like to use this phrase , but they come out , I think , because of the Internet , they come out with this statement .
For me , it ’s very difficult to understand .
Advertisement
Let me say five sentences , very conservative way .
I call sharks — sharks meaning big studios … anyway , I do n’t have so much comments except it ’s like this .
It is difficult sometimes to give credit to someone who is strange … I am a very simple guy .
When people enjoy themselves , I like that .
If they want to say it ’s good , you have to see it , it ’s fine with me .
But , [ “ It ’s so bad , it ’s good ” ] is strange phrase .
You did n’t offend me whatsoever .
Chip manufacturers beware :
There 's a newfound flaw in our understanding of transistor noise , a phenomenon affecting the electronic on - off switch that makes computer circuits possible .
According to the engineers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) who discovered the problem , it will soon stand in the way of creating more efficient , lower - powered devices like cell phones and pacemakers unless we solve it .
While exploring transistor behavior , the team found evidence that a widely accepted model explaining errors caused by electronic " noise " in the switches does not fit the facts .
A transistor must be made from highly purified materials to function ; defects in these materials , like rocks in a stream , can divert the flow of electricity and cause the device to malfunction .
This , in turn , makes it appear to fluctuate erratically between " on " and " off " states .
For decades , the engineering community has largely accepted a theoretical model that identifies these defects and helps guide designers ' efforts to mitigate them .
Those days are ending , says NIST 's Jason Campbell , who has studied the fluctuations between on - off states in progressively smaller transistors .
The theory , known as the elastic tunneling model , predicts that as transistors shrink , the fluctuations should correspondingly increase in frequency .
However , Campbell 's group at NIST has shown that even in nanometer - sized transistors , the fluctuation frequency remains the same .
" This implies that the theory explaining the effect must be wrong , " Campbell said .
" The model was a good working theory when transistors were large , but our observations clearly indicate that it 's incorrect at the smaller nanoscale regimes where industry is headed . "
The findings have particular implications for the low - power transistors currently in demand in the latest high - tech consumer technology , such as laptop computers .
Low - power transistors are coveted because using them on chips would allow devices to run longer on less power — think cell phones that can run for a week on a single charge or pacemakers that operate for a decade without changing the battery .
But Campbell says that the fluctuations his group observed grow even more pronounced as the power decreased .
" This is a real bottleneck in our development of transistors for low - power applications , " he says .
" We have to understand the problem before we can fix it — and troublingly , we do n't know what 's actually happening . "
Campbell , who credits NIST colleague K.P. Cheung for first noticing the possibility of trouble with the theory , presented * some of the group 's findings at an industry conference on May 19 , 2009 , in Austin , Texas .
Researchers from the University of Maryland College Park and Rutgers University also contributed to the study .
* J.P. Campbell , L.C. Yu , K.P. Cheung , J. Qin , J.S. Suehle , A. Oates , K. Sheng .
Large Random Telegraph Noise in Sub-Threshold Operation of Nano- scale nMOSFETs .
2009 IEEE International Conference on Integrated Circuit Design and Technology .
Austin , Texas .
May 19 , 2009 ; and Random Telegraph Noise in Highly Scaled nMOSFETs .
2009 IEEE International Reliability Physics Symposium , Montreal , Canada , April 29 , 2009 .
A Miami law is forcing many of the city 's sex offenders to sleep rough under a bridge , reports Emilio San Pedro for the BBC's Americana programme .
As many as 70 released sex offenders live in the camp
The area under the Julia Tuttle Causeway in downtown Miami has in recent years become the unlikely home for a growing community of about 70 convicted sex offenders .
They have ended up living in a makeshift tent city under one of the causeway 's bridges because of a local law which prohibits those who have sexually abused minors from living within 2,500 ft ( 760 m ) of anywhere where children congregate , such as schools , libraries and parks .
After the local laws were enacted , Florida 's correctional authorities found there was virtually nowhere else for these people to live and began dropping them off at the bridge .
Some of them have even been issued with driving licences with the bridge listed as their home address .
' Trash mounting ' " Welcome to American justice , " said Dr Pedro Jose Greer , the Dean of Florida International University 's Department of Humanities , Health and Society , as he met me under the bridge to discuss the squalid conditions at the camp .
" We have people living together with mental and physical illnesses in an environment where people can't possibly sleep because of the cars going by overhead - where you can smell the urine and see the trash mounting all around us . "
This is the stupidest damn law I have ever seen and it's purely mandated by revenge without any consideration for the well - being of these people
Dr Pedro Greer
Campaigner Dr Greer has for decades been a leading advocate in Miami for homeless people and their right to receive adequate medical and social services .
He told me that he has become increasingly angry over the last few years at the existence of this camp and the lack of an alternative way to reintegrate these convicted sex offenders into society .
" What we 're doing is we 're saying ' let 's take the people that we most despise , that did some of the most egregious things in society and let them all get together and not supervise them and let them wander around the community ' , " he tells me with a clear sense of frustration in his voice .
" This is the stupidest damn law I have ever seen and it 's purely mandated by revenge without any consideration for the well - being of these people - who deserve better despite the severity of their crimes , " he says .
No money
As we walk around the camp , with its tents and makeshift huts , lack of running water , electricity or any form of sewage , I meet Isaias , a 35 - year - old Latino and former US Marine , who has been living at the camp for over two years .
He tells me how the state authorities simply drop offenders like him under the bridge and - as he puts it - let them fend for themselves .
" They do n't give us no water , no food , no portable toilets , no money - nothing , " he tells me .
I 've only been here five days but I can't believe these criminal conditions we live in
Julio Isaias - who served five years in prison for having sexual relations with a 16 - year - old girl and is now out on parole - says that all that he and many of his neighbours under the bridge want is to be able to attempt to lead a normal life and move beyond their criminal past .
" I can't live with my wife and my daughter .
I would like to have a normal life and be able to become a productive member of society again , but society is not giving us that chance , " he tells me .
I then ask him if - as a father himself - if he can understand why society harbours such anger for people who have committed these sorts of crimes .
" I would understand it - yes - as a father but at the same time I cannot expect that a person who committed this kind of crime against my own child should then come out of jail and be forced to live like an animal - as we 're doing here , " he says .
A few metres away I meet Julio - a 62 - year - old Cuban immigrant , who served 10 years in prison for abusing a 12 - year - old girl .
He is a recent arrival at the camp and is finding it very difficult to adjust .
" The conditions here are terrible .
I 've only been here five days but I can't believe these criminal conditions we live in .
I have absolutely nothing and no - one to give me any form of assistance at all .
I wonder if I 'll ever get out of here , " he concludes .
Too sensitive
The problem for people like Julio is that the serious nature of the crimes they committed makes it very difficult for them to get much sympathy from the local community or from local politicians - who for the most part have found the issue too sensitive and downright controversial to become involved .
However , earlier this month , one City of Miami commissioner , Marc Sarnoff , did just that .
With the backing of the city government , he wrote a letter to the state governor , Charlie Crist , asking him to shut the camp down .
He based that request on the fact that there is a small island that serves as a weekend park for boaters and their children that lies within the existing local boundaries .
I 'm not here to support or endorse anything with regard to sexual offenders .
However , they are living in squalor
Marc Sarnoff
City Commissioner
I met Mr Sarnoff on a sunny morning at a local park , where some boys were playing baseball with their coach .
He told me that his top priority remained protecting these children from sex offenders like the ones who lived at the camp .
" Let me be absolutely clear .
I 'm not here to support or endorse anything with regard to sexual offenders .
They are my least bit of concern , " he tells me .
" However , they are living in squalor .
I do n't think human beings will stay in that condition .
They 're going to start leaving and what we thought was a good law of 2,500 ft to keep them away from our children will eventually push them back into the population . "
Mr Sarnoff hopes that the letter to Governor Crist will force the state either to find some alternative place to house the sex offenders or force some form of legal action that will get the state 's courts , which are not beholden to the desires of the electorate , involved .
For the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and others like Dr Greer - who believe the offenders have already served their time in prison and deserve the right to attempt to get on with their lives - the camp 's existence and the desperate conditions there serve as a troubling reflection of the values of modern - day Miami .
" The question is - have we become a society that does n't let you die but lets you suffer ?
Do we just say we 're living in the Middle Ages - an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth ? "
Dr Greer told me after we had finished touring the camp .
" I think we 've gone beyond that . "
This article is an adaptation of a feature that was originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4's Americana programme .
Americana is broadcast at 1915 BST every Sunday on BBC Radio 4 FM .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A New Zealand three - year - old was temporarily the proud owner of a mechanical digger after successfully bidding online for the earth - moving kit .
Pipi Quinlan , of Stanmore Bay north of Auckland , got up while her family were still akip and managed to find her way to the TradeMe homepage where her mother was already logged in .
According to The Age , she then quickly won the most recent auction listed , stumping $ NZ20,000 ( £ 7,700 ) for the Kobelco heavy metal ( model not noted , but here 's a small one ) .
Mum Sarah recounted : " The first I knew about it was when I came down and opened up the computer .
I saw an email from TradeMe saying I had won an auction and another email from the seller saying something like ' I think you 'll love this digger ' . "
" Well , I had a few Duplo Lego play kits on my watch - list , so just assumed I 'd won a digger toy - set .
It was n't until I went back and re-read the emails that I saw $ NZ20,000 , and got the shock of my life . "
The click - happy infant 's mum quickly contacted TradeMe and the seller to explain the situation .
TradeMe " reimbursed the seller 's costs for listing the digger and the auction " and the unimpressed vendor relisted the auction .
Young Pipi is now kept a safe distance from the computer , The Age notes . ®
Bootnote
Those of you inclined to doubt the veracity of this story will be pleased to note that The Age has tacked this onto the end : " Fairfax Media , the publisher of this website , also owns TradeMe . "
However , the story originally appeared in NZ's Rodney Times which is owned by ... blast it , Fairfax Media .
by Brett Stevens on May 11 , 2009
Whenever the words “ it ’s the natural way ” appear in debate or in print , I groan inwardly .
They once seemed such an easy thing to say ; granola , monogamous marriage , friendship and eating vegetables were “ natural , ” and soft drinks , aggressive selfishness , and living in tiny air - conditioned boxes were “ un-natural . ”
But then someone pointed out the first paradox : if we ’re a product of nature , anything we do is natural .
To that I added that natural selection would enforce natural on us ; but then I realized that natural selection is defined by our actions .
If our society suddenly made penis size all important , in a few hundred years we might be idiots of violent dispositions , but all the men would have huge penises , even grotesque ones like the purple buttocks of baboons .
So what is natural ?
I ’ve come to realize how this term means little because when we made fire , invented agriculture and learned to speak , we left the realm of the previously natural .
We left natural selection behind for social selection ; we made use of tools and technology just as natural as digging up roots with our bare hands and catching squirrels with our teeth .
From that realization came a more profitable one : since we are in the driver ’s seat , and define our own destiny , we can choose what is natural as in “ fits into the type of pattern designs we see in nature , ” or can cut to the chase and pick what we find to be better designs , more beautiful ways of living , and so on — because the most natural thing in nature is challenging us with thresholds .
What do I mean by thresholds ?
I mean that there ’s a default way of doing things that just works , as in all things in nature .
It starts out as a hack , or temporary unorthodox fix , and through gradual improvement ( natural kaizen ) it evolves into something highly refined , even if its original design was awkward .
What challenges evolution ?
Each time one of these hacks becomes the norm , there ’s a reward for getting over it .
For example , early hominids found life to be OK .
They hunted and gathered in groups , and were able to survive .
But at some point , probably spurred on by emotion , they saw that life could be better if they were able to harvest most of their food , trading a diet of pure protein for a more regular diet .
That meant they needed fields , and fire to cook the food , and permanent dwellings that were also defensible .
This was a threshold : could they escape the natural of old for the natural of new , which meant altering themselves ?
Another example in a fixed society is this : we find it most natural to wander outside and take a dump wherever is convenient .
But when you have a group , that becomes toxic quickly .
So there ’s a threshold : do we find a way of concentrating and removing our waste , or do we die in horror of feces - born diseases , or do we give up on fixed societies and go back to hunter - gathering ?
It was natural to wander around foraging , and it was equally natural to construct sewer systems .
As time went on , we discovered another dimension : societies need some kind of morality .
We faced two extremes :
Let the most aggressive dominate us through violence .
Let our fear of aggressive dominators cause us to reject collective organization and centralized power , and thus die slowly through inaction regarding non-immediate but still vital socialized problems .
You may recognize these two extremes : the far right believes in the former , and the far left believes in the latter .
They ’re still with us because we ’re still fighting out this challenge , which is a threshold that nature offers to us with a reward if we cross it and a default state of OK - not - great if we do n’t .
And all three outcomes — pass , fail , or abstain — remain “ natural , ” but the question faces us of which do we choose ?
Nihilism as I see it is the rejection of all inherent values .
There are no writings on the wall ; there is no Word from the other side that did n’t pass through humans , getting distorted in the process .
There is no instruction manual to life .
So we must look at our options and choose not only which seems most logical , but which appeals to our emotions and sense of aesthetics .
Emotions and aesthetics after all would n’t exist if they did n’t serve some purpose .
My guess is that their value is in their non-linearity .
They consider many factors at once as a single factor .
That kind of decision - making is not useful when choosing between one tool or strain of grain or another , but it ’s very useful when getting up the impetus to brave doubt and opt for a change , like first learning to make fire or domesticate grain .
The choice to make those choices came from pure passion .
We are in the driver ’s seat .
We must design our own futures .
We cannot count on something being “ natural ” any more than we can count on writing on the wall or God screaming instructions to us through a psychedelic telepathic loudspeaker .
( This is not an argument for or against God , but a statement of fact : we do not , as a group , perceive instructions from the world beyond . )
Deferring to nature is dangerous because it has us arguing from a foregone conclusion instead of considering the results at hand .
What should we do ?
Well , what does God / the blue book / nature say ?
Yet there ’s another hidden foregone conclusion : the individual .
What do all individuals , representing the idealized individual , say ?
It ’s fallacious to argue from the individual because history shows us that individuals in a group default to lowest common denominator behavior , and individuals alone if given a choice pick the safer action — the one with the least risk .
That does n’t get us over the threshold ; it keeps us in the default behavior .
Like a game of Secret , societies over time break down ideas into their simplest forms .
This means that the default behavior , if not countered by a strong impetus to cross a threshold , results in decay of social order over time .
As the old saying goes , if you ’re standing still , you ’re actually moving backward in a river of passing time and entropy .
What would this ongoing self - reducing default be , in our modern time ?
It ’s a curious type of conservatism — the kind that places the individual above all else , and so is unwilling to inconvenience anyone .
It ’s the default that says we should divide up our wealth and focus on each other ’s psychology , not try to move forward collectively .
On the left it is anarchy , on the right it ’s American conservatism or libertarianism .
Same impulse : stick with the default , because it does n’t challenge us as individuals .
But this lack of desire to surge over thresholds comes at a cost .
Individualism of the rugged kind decays into convenience .
Anarchy creates consumerism on a vast scale .
Libertarianism encourages the wealthy to withdraw from society until the rest of society saddles itself with so many problems it explodes in revolution , and then libertarians die outnumbered a thousand to one .
History shows us this pattern repeating like wallpaper .
It ’s the universal “ society fail ” that marks the end of productive existence for a civilization .
This creates a bizarre hybrid of individualism , utilitarianism , bureaucracy and anarchy .
It is created by a struggle for control by the individual : when faced with a group , the individual must appeal to the group in order to have power .
So they construct a virus of honey , not vinegar .
“ If we ’re all equal as a group , we each get what we want , and we do n’t have to face any thresholds . ”
Thus the individual uses the group to achieve independence from the group , at the expense of collective action , which would cause conflict in the group .
In turn , because “ independence ” and “ freedom ” do n’t address a balance between individual needs and group needs , strong control forces are needed — with a centralized administration , of course — to apply the rules of the herd onto the herd and so to filter out destabilizers , both predators and ideologues who oppose this strange jury - rig .
Although it seems completely weird , it ’s very normal , at least in the latter half of a civilization ’s lifespan .
It allows us to indulge in the idea of “ equality , ” otherwise known as interchangeable parts , in which we treat individuals as composites who can be controlled by providing the right motivation and threats .
We do n’t treat them as individuals ; we treat them as political individuals , or people who can be managed .
The more we strive for freedom and individualism , on an external level , the more we get away from it on an internal level .
In this sense , all of society ’s history is like watching 4 chan ’s / b : people show up and post memes , hoping a Personal Army will arise which through the force of its numbers , will crush the enemy .
At the same time , the society functions under the pretense of individual choice determining when a personal army arises , even though the personal army is a mob spurred on by the lowest of human impulses : revenge , destruction , resentment and so on .
And maybe this , too , is a threshold .
In other words , if we ’re able to out - evolve our self - awareness and progress to a level in which we ’re aware of self , others and world at large at once , and make our decisions on that basis , we will have left an OK but not great default in favor of a more productive and beautiful way of living .
It ’s something to think about any time you see people doing what is natural for this time , and yet remaining unfulfilled as they see nothing of greatness on this side of this latest threshold .
Tags : anarchy , cognitive dissonance , crowdism , democracy , passive aggression
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Richard Boll / National Portrait Gallery , London
Veteran TV naturalist David Attenborough loves humans as much as other wildlife .
But not when global populations are out of control , he tells Alison George
More : # AskAttenborough : Your questions answered
“ I’M NOT doing anything exciting right now , like wrestling with gorillas .
I ’m working on radio scripts , ” says David Attenborough , a bit apologetically .
Yet while his home in the leafy London suburb of Richmond is no longer full of the woolly monkeys , bushbabies or other exotic creatures his autobiography had living there , it ’s still a rich habitat .
His collection of tribal art dominates the walls , a tribute to human inventiveness . …
It 's the most secure distribution version of Windows XP ever produced by Microsoft : More than 600 settings are locked down tight , and critical security patches can be installed in an average of 72 hours instead of 57 days .
The only problem is , you have to join the Air Force to get it .
The Air Force persuaded Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to provide it with a secure Windows configuration that saved the service about $ 100 million in contract costs and countless hours of maintenance .
At a congressional hearing this week on cybersecurity , Alan Paller , research director of the Sans Institute , shared the story as a template for how the government could use its massive purchasing power to get companies to produce more secure products .
And those could eventually be available to the rest of us .
Security experts have been arguing for this " trickle - down " model for years .
But rather than wield its buying power for the greater good , the government has long wimped out and taken whatever vendors served them .
If the Air Force case is a good judge , however , things might be changing .
Threat Level spoke with former CIO of the Air Force , John Gilligan , to get the details .
Gilligan , who served as CIO of the Air Force from 2001 to 2005 and now runs a consulting firm , said it all began in 2003 after the NSA conducted penetration tests on the Air Force network as part of its regular testing of Pentagon cybersecurity .
NSA pen-testers made Swiss cheese of the network , and found that more than two - thirds of their intrusions were possible because of poorly configured software that created vulnerabilities .
In some cases , the culprit was an operating system or application that came bloated with unsecured features that were never re-configured securely by Air Force administrators .
In other cases , systems that were configured securely became vulnerable later ( for instance , when a system crashed and original software was re-installed without patches that had been on the system before the crash ) .
" It was really an easy target , " Gilligan says .
" All the NSA had to do was scan the network . "
The Air Force , on the verge of renegotiating its desktop - software contract with Microsoft , met with Ballmer and asked the company to deliver a secure configuration of Windows XP out of the box .
That way , Air Force administrators would n't have to spend time re-configuring , and the department would have uniform software across the board , making it easier to control and maintain patches .
Surprisingly , Microsoft quickly agreed to the plan , and Ballmer got personally involved in the project .
" He has half - a - dozen clients that he personally gets involved with , and he saw that this just made a lot of sense , " Gilligan said .
" They had already done preliminary work themselves trying to identify what would be a more secure configuration .
So we fine - tuned and added to that . "
The NSA got together with the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the Defense Information Systems Agency and the Center for Internet Security to decide what to lock down in the Air Force special edition .
Many of the changes were complex and technical , but Gilligan says one of the most important and simplest was an obvious fix to how Windows XP handled passwords .
The Air Force insisted the system be configured so administrative passwords were unique , and different from general user passwords , preventing an average user from obtaining administrative privileges .
Specifications were added to increase the length and complexity of passwords and expire them every 60 days .
It then took two years for the Air Force to catalog and test all the software applications on its networks against the new configuration to uncover conflicts .
In some cases , where internally designed software interacted with Windows XP in an insecure way , they had to change the in - house software .
" We started to put discipline into what people were fielding in the way of applications , " Gilligan said .
" It required a lot of senior - level attention because this was not something that the IT guys were happy about .
We were taking control from them and forcing them to make modifications in systems .
But the benefits were huge because now the Air Force knows what is fielded ; they know all the applications that run against a certain configuration . "
In addition to the secure configuration , they also got Microsoft to install automated tools to update patches and to detect and prevent someone from altering the configuration .
Having a single configuration across the network greatly reduced the time it took to patch systems .
Gilligan said it used to take the Air Force well over 100 days to install patches after new vulnerabilities were discovered , because the military 's network administrators had to test the patches against multiple configurations .
Emergency patches that needed to be installed post - haste took 57 days to install , leaving systems vulnerable to intruders during that time .
" Once the flaw was known , then those who wanted to attack our systems could be developing attacks in that time , " Gilligan said .
But with a single configuration , all that testing is now done by Microsoft before it releases a patch , saving the Air Force time .
An added benefit of the new configuration was a 40 percent drop in the number of calls to Air Force help desks .
" Turns out when you configure things properly and do n't touch them , they actually work pretty well , " Gilligan said .
The Air Force began the project in 2005 and finished installing the new configuration on systems in 2007 .
In contracts with hardware providers it demanded that vendors pre-load the special Windows XP configuration onto systems before delivering them to the Air Force .
The USAF saved $ 100 million on a five - year license agreement with Microsoft by consolidating more than 30 contracts – made possible by the fact that it was now able to buy a single standard configuration .
Most importantly , security of the system improved .
Gilligan said 85 percent of attacks were blocked after the configuration was installed .
" Once you get the standard configuration , then it becomes a much harder target to attack , " Gilligan said .
" I will not say that the Air Force can not be penetrated , but the incidents have decreased .
The hope is that those who are defending the networks can focus their energies on a smaller set of vulnerabilities and more sophisticated attacks .
It dampens out the low - hanging fruit and the easy attacks . "
The project was so successful that it became the foundation for the government 's Federal Desktop Core Configuration program , which was mandated last year by the White House 's Office of Management and Budget to improve the security of government systems across the board .
Gilligan said other departments have started with the Air Force configuration and modified it slightly to fit their unique needs and applications .
He said the next step is to expand the project to other software products , such as database management systems .
He added that he 's confident the Microsoft example marks the turning of the tide against vendors that arrogantly resist locking down their products .
" They 're still in the model that they want to give all the features enabled to clients , " he said .
" But I think we 've reached a point where that model is one that is no longer effective .
I'm of the opinion that all products ought to be configured with these locked - down configurations , and if the customer decides they want to undo them , then they can do that .
They cannot continue fielding products where the cost that is being borne by the consumer in terms of having to maintain configurations and deal with attacks is so high . "
What this means for the rest of us is unclear .
Threat Level contacted Microsoft to find out if any part of the locked down Windows XP configuration got into general consumer versions of the software or has influenced how it configures future versions of its software .
The company did not respond .
* Top image : Brigadier General Gary T. Magonigle and Colonel Brian Dravis present Steve Ballmer with a plaque showing the Air Guard 's appreciation for Microsoft 's support of Guards and Reservists .
( United States Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Douglas Olsen ) *
many thanks to contributors
last updated April 2008
Suggested additions / updates ?
e-mail :dave@bltc.com
HOME
MDMA
P.L.U.R .
MDMA : refs
MDMA / Ecstasy
Just For Chemists
Dutch Ecstasy News
The Good Drug Guide
Ecstasy and Honesty
MDMA Video : Ecstasy Rising
Streetdrug slang : argot.com
Buying Research Chemicals Online
MDMA / Ecstasy : Utopian Pharmacology
After they were decommissioned in the late 1950s , they were used for other activities , and one became Sealand , the self - described " micronation " .
Maunsell also designed forts for anti-aircraft defence .
These were larger installations comprising seven interconnected steel platforms , five carried guns arranged in a semi-circle around the control centre and accommodation — the seventh set further out than the gun towers was the searchlight tower .
Three forts were placed in the Mersey .
A further three were sited in the Thames estuary : Nore , Red Sands Shivering Sands .
During the war the forts shot down 22 aircraft and about 30 flying bombs .
They were decommissioned by the MoD in the late 1950s .
coordinates : 51°27'44.34 " N 0°59'58.85
Epictures sources : text source : Artificial
Owl recommends :
“ Essential reading for everyone who is serious about confronting the climate emergency . ” — Emma Murphy , co-editor , Green Left Weekly
Order your copy of The Global Fight for Climate Justice HERE
As capitalism continues with business as usual , climate change is fast expanding the gap between rich and poor between and within nations , and imposing unparalleled suffering on those least able to protect themselves .
In The Global Fight for Climate Justice , anti-capitalist activists from five continents offer radical answers to the most important questions of our time :
Why is capitalism destroying the conditions that make life on Earth possible ?
How can we stop the destruction before it is too late ?
In 46 essays , edited by Ian Angus , on topics ranging from the food crisis to carbon trading to perspectives from indigenous peoples , a compelling case is made that saving the world from climate catastrophe will require much more than tinkering with technology or taxes .
Only radical social change can prevent irreversible damage to the Earth and civilisation .
Ian Angus , who wrote several of the articles in this book and selected the others from a wide range of authors and movements , is one of the world ’s best - known ecosocialist activists .
He is editor of the online journal Climate and Capitalism , which has been described as " the most reliable single source of information and strategic insights for climate justice " .
Ian is also associate editor of Socialist Voice , an advisory editor of Socialist Resistance and a founding member of the Ecosocialist International Network .
He lives in Ontario , Canada .
Advance praise
“ The most reliable single source of information and strategic insights for climate justice is Climate and Capitalism , the website Ian Angus edits , and it is a tribute to the movement ’s development that demand has arisen for this book . ” —
Patrick Bond , director of Centre for Civil Society , University of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa “ Essential reading for everyone who is serious about confronting the climate emergency . ” — Emma Murphy , co-editor , Green Left Weekly
" We need to move beyond capitalism to an ecosocialist system .
Creating such a future will demand intense political struggle .
This book is an essential tool for that struggle , and I commend it to all who are serious about creating a liveable future for humanity . " — Derek Wall , former principal male speaker , Green Party of England and Wales “ At last , an absolutely indispensable guide to the debate on climate change , a sourcebook that makes the case for anti-capitalist action as the only effective way to stop global warming .
Of course the powers - that - be do n’t agree — after all , who else is responsible for the current crisis ?
But we all need The Global Fight for Climate Justice if we are to fight for a liveable world . ” — Joel Kovel , author of The Enemy of Nature and founding member of the Ecosocialist International Network “ A wonderful collection of articles from across the word by climate change activists .
From governmental leaders such as Evo Morales to trade unionists like Tony Kearns this book will inform , excite and energise those who see the need to fight both the impact of climate change and the political systems that have produced it . ” — Jane Kelly , editor ( with Sheila Malone ) Ecosocialism or Barbarism “ ‘ Socialism or Barbarism ’ is no longer ( if it ever was ) an abstract theoretical proposition .
This comprehensive collection of essays focused upon the climate and food crises , the responses of capital and socialist alternatives , draws upon both global social movements and leading advocates of an alternative to barbarism to demonstrate that the choice before us is an immediate one , not one to be put off to the future . ”
— Michael A. Lebowitz , author of Build it Now : Socialism for the 21st Century and Beyond CAPITAL : Marx 's Political Economy of the Working Class .
About the authors Ian Angus , one of the world ’s best - known ecosocialist activists , is editor of the online journal Climate and Capitalism .
Hugo Blanco has been a leader of the indigenous peasant movement in Peru since the Land or Death uprising in the 1960s .
He publishes the newspaper La Lucha Indígena .
Patrick Bond is director of the Centre for Civil Society at the University of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
His most recent book is Looting Africa : The Economics of Exploitation .
Simon Butler writes for Green Left Weekly and maintains Climate Change Social Change , an ecosocialist blog .
Fidel Castro led the Cuban revolution and was the Cuba ’s head of state from 1960 until he retired in 2007 .
Nicole Colson writes for Socialist Worker , the newspaper of the US - based International Socialist Organization .
Kamala Emanuel is a climate activist and a member of the Socialist Alliance in Perth , Australia .
John Bellamy Foster is editor of Monthly Review and the author of many books , including Marx ’s Ecology ( 2000 ) and The Ecological Revolution ( 2009 ) .
Robb Johnson is a UK - based singer - songwriter .
Tony Kearns is senior deputy general secretary of the Communication Workers Union in the U.K. Joel Kovel is the author of The Enemy of Nature : The End of Capitalism or the End of the World ? and a founding member of the Ecosocialist International Network .
Juan Esteban Lazo Hernandez is vice - president of Cuba ’s Council of State and a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba .
Larry Lohmann is the author of Carbon Trading : A Critical Conversation on Climate Change , Privatization and Power .
Michael Löwy , who co-wrote the first Ecosocialist Manifesto in 2001 , is a supporter of the Fourth International in France .
José Ramón Machado Ventura , who fought with Fidel Castro in the guerrilla war in the 1950s , is first vice - president of Cuba ’s Councils of State and Ministers .
Liam Mac Uaid is an editor of Socialist Resistance magazine .
Evo Morales , the president of Bolivia , is the first indigenous head of state in Latin America .
Anne Petermann and Orin Langelle are executive director and co-director / strategist of Global Justice Ecology Project .
Andrew Simms is the author of Ecological Debt : Global Warming and the Wealth of Nations , and policy director of the UK - based New Economics Foundation .
Kevin Smith is the author of The Carbon Neutral Myth : Offset Indulgences for your Climate Sins.
Sean Thompson is a supporter of Green Left , the anti-capitalist current in the Green Party of England and Wales .
Terry Townsend is a member of Socialist Alliance and managing editor of Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
David Travis works with sustainable agriculture , community economics and alternative land tenure systems .
He is currently developing a perennial agriculture project in North Carolina , USA .
Daniel Tanuro , a certified agriculturalist and ecosocialist environmentalist , is a supporter of the Fourth International in Belgium .
Derek Wall is a founder of the Ecosocialist International Network and a former principal speaker for the Green Party of England and Wales .
Chris Williams is a physics and chemistry teacher in New York City .
He writes for International Socialist Review .
Table of contents Red and Green ( Robb Johnson )
Foreword ( Derek Wall )
Introduction ( Ian Angus ) 1 : Climate Emergency Introduction
Tomorrow Will Be Too Late ( Fidel Castro )
Some Impacts of Global Warming ( Climate & Capitalism )
It ’s Happening Now ( Climate & Capitalism )
Climate Wrongs and Human Rights ( Oxfam )
If Socialism Fails : The Spectre of 21st Century Barbarism ( Ian Angus ) 2 : Starving The Poor Introduction
World Hunger , Agribusiness .
Food Sovereignty ( Ian Angus )
A New International Order is Needed ( Esteban Lazo Hernandez )
The Food Crisis is Systemic and Structural ( José Ramón Machado )
Peasants and Small Farmers Can Feed the World ( La Vía Campesina )
Our Heritage as Food Producers is Critical to the Future of Humanity ( Nyeleni Forum )
The Rich Do Not Know Hunger ( Fidel Castro ) 3 : False Explanations , False Solutions Introduction
Too Many People ?
( Simon Butler )
The Myth of the Tragedy of the Commons ( Ian Angus )
Magic Bullet # 1 : The Ethanol Scam ( Nicole Colson )
Magic Bullet # 2 : Carbon Capture and Storage ( Ian Angus )
A New War on the Planet ? ( John Bellamy Foster ) 4 : The Green Capitalism Fantasy Introduction
The Failures of Green Economics ( Joel Kovel )
Sustainable Capitalism ?
( David Travis )
The Limits of Green Keynesianism ( Sean Thompson )
Capitalism ’s Anti-ecology Treadmill ( Terry Townsend ) 5 : Privatizing The Atmosphere Introduction
Durban Declaration on Carbon Trading ( Durban Group )
Cap and Trade Schemes ( Chris Williams )
The Obscenity of Carbon Trading ( Kevin Smith )
Why Carbon Markets Ca n’t Save the World ( Andrew Simms )
Six Arguments Against Carbon Trading ( Larry Lohmann ) 6 : Voices From the Global South Introduction
Respect Mother Earth ! ( Evo Morales )
A New Era is Beginning ( Cochabamba Statement )
We Demand Full and Effective Participation ( Bali Statement )
Mother Earth is in Crisis ( Anchorage Statement )
Two Statements by Climate Justice Now !
Statement at the 2009 Americas Summit ( ALBA )
Rich Nations Must Pay Their Ecological Debt ( Bolivia )
To Save Humanity We Must Return to Our Roots ( Hugo Blanco ) 7 : Building a Climate Emergency Movement Introduction
Only Political Activism and Class Struggle Can Save the Planet ( Patrick Bond )
Crisis , Challenge and Mass Action ( Anne Petermann and Orin Langelle )
How Can We Build an Effective Movement ? ( Kamala Emanuel )
Workers and Climate Change ( Green Left Weekly )
The Three Decisive Social Forces that Can Stop Climate Change ( Socialist Resistance )
Climate Change is a Trade Union Issue ( Tony Kearns )
Class Struggle and Ecology ( Liam Mac Uaid ) 8 : Ecosocialist Responses to Capitalist Ecocide Introduction
Making the Greens Redder and the Reds Greener ( Ian Angus )
For a Society of Good Ancestors ( Ian Angus )
Climate Change Charter ( Socialist Alliance )
The Belem Ecosocialist Declaration ( Ecosocialist International Network )
Climate Crisis : 21st Century Socialists Must Be Ecosocialists ( Daniel Tanuro / Fourth International )
En esta semana que concluye trascendió a nivel internacional la noticia de las protestas estudiantiles ocurridas en la República de Moldavia , convocadas como forma de rechazo a la victoria del partido comunista oficialista en las elecciones desarrolladas el domingo anterior .
Lo que pudo haberse limitado a un episodio en la política interna de ese país , comenzó a captar atención mundial cuando la oposición se decidió a utilizar Twitter , Facebook y otras redes sociales para organizarse y difundir su desagrado .
Las protestas se iniciaron el lunes anterior , cuando activistas de dos agrupaciones juveniles , Hyde Park y ThinkMoldova , convocaron a una reunión espontánea ( de las que se conocen como flash mob ) en las afueras del parlamento moldavo con la esperanza de congregar a unas 300 personas y rechazar pacíficamente los resultados electorales .
Para sorpresa de quienes la convocaron , esta iniciativa a la que denominaron « I am not a Communist » ( « Yo no soy Comunista » ) , contó con la participación de alrededor de 10.000 personas , incluyendo jóvenes y líderes de la oposición .
Natalia Morar , periodista investigadora y una de las líderes de ThinkMoldova , describe en su blog los esfuerzos de organización que realizaron para esta convocatoria de la siguiente manera : « Seis personas .
10 minutos de creatividad y acción .
Unas cuantas horas de difusión en las redes sociales , Facebook , blogs , SMS a amigos y un boletín por e-mail .
Toda la organización – a través de Internet » .
Para el caso de Twitter , para poder agrupar los mensajes y noticias relacionadas a estos eventos se creó la etiqueta ( ó hashtag ) #pman , en base a las siglas de Piata Marii Adunari Nationale , que es el nombre de la plaza donde las protestas se desarrollaron .
El flujo de mensajes llegó a tal punto que el servicio de Internet en la ciudad capital de Chisinau fue sorpresivamente desconectado .
El pasado viernes , el presidente moldavo Vladimir Voronin cedió ante las presiones de los protestantes y ordenó se realice un recuento total de los votos con el fin disipar las dudas de fraude electoral y retorne la calma , pues ya se había generado un ambiente de violencia en medio del cual incluso se arrestó temporalmente a algunos periodistas .
En cuanto al rol que tuvieron Twitter y las redes sociales , sin duda fueron una herramienta efectiva de difusión , convocatoria y comunicación ; de hecho como parte del análisis de estos eventos se habla hasta de « Revolución Twitter « ; y en el fondo es otra demostración del potencial de estas herramientas para hacer activismo , conseguir adherentes a una causa y promover cambios que trascienden lo digital .
Tal como lo menciona acertadamente un comentario anónimo en uno de los blogs que analizan las actividades online de los eventos en Moldavia , si bien es cierto una comunidad de 100 twitteros no es suficiente para convocar a 10.000 personas en las calles , sí es suficiente para convocar por lo menos a 100 y otros seguirán .
Fuentes : The New York Times , CNN , NECN y Mensajes en Twitter .
Crédito de foto : unimedia.info
I know this is n’t a universally held opinion , but to me there is a simple reality .
Between September and December we were facing a significant chance of another Great Depression .
Beyond that , we were potentially looking at a financial disaster from which the United States would never recover .
Today , it looks like we are merely facing a very bad recession .
Who deserves credit ?
Certainly not Hank Paulson and the Bush administration .
They choose philosophy over pragmatism every chance they got .
They gave in to the moronic “ moral hazard ” bullshit argument .
They stuck to their right - wing “ fuck off and die ” mentality toward the banking system .
That worked out great did n’t it ?
Then when they had the chance to use the TARP right , they failed miserably .
Again , they gave into the moral hazard wing of the Republican party and instead of buying up bad securities , they initiated the Capital Assistance Program .
No moral hazard there !
Ca n’t credit Obama either .
I ’ll admit that the Stress Test was a much better idea than anything Bush ever came up with , but I ’d argue that by December we had already turned a corner .
Obama just managed to keep the momentum going .
Besides , his $ 800 billion stimulus program is , at best , a waste of time , and at worse , contributing to rising Treasury yields and thus retarding the recovery .
I have to give most of the credit to Ben Bernanke .
He understood that while liquidity was n’t the whole problem , illiquidity could have made ( and was making ) the problem much much worse .
He understood what really made the Great Depression a 15 year affair rather than a 2 year recession .
He understood what created Japan ’s lost decade ( and counting ) .
He saw how dangerous debt deflation could be , and he attacked it with both guns blazing .
Some people derided the Fed ’s efforts as ineffective .
That ’s because they were looking at how the stock market or housing market was reacting to Fed rate cuts .
But the cuts were never meant to “ solve ” anything .
Housing prices had to fall to more affordable levels .
Nothing could ( nor should have ) been done to stop that .
Stocks had to fall in reaction to the oncoming recession as well as the reality of a weak recovery .
For that matter , unemployment was bound to rise as workers are moved from leverage - oriented jobs to someplace else .
The Fed was n’t trying to solve any of these problems .
Compare this with Alan Greenspan ’s constant manipulation of the stock market .
In today ’s FT , Greenspan says as much in an opinion piece :
“ In my experience , such episodes [ rising or falling stock prices ] are often not mere forecasts of future business activity , but major causes of it . ” ( emphasis added ) .
That sums up Greenspan ’s tenure at the Fed does n’t it ?
He ’s basically saying that by creating bubbles , he was able to spurn real economic activity .
Look , a lot of us fell for it for a long time .
He was called the Maestro for the Force ’s sake .
But now , in hindsight , we can certainly see the folly in this philosophy .
Now the morons in congress are coming for Ben Bernanke for how he handled the Bank of America / Merrill Lynch merger .
Seriously ?
Now , let there be no doubt .
Ken Lewis was pressured by the Fed in a way that should leave a bad taste in the mouth of any free citizen .
But we were in the middle of an economic war .
Sometimes some bad shit happens on the battlefield and sometimes its OK if we look the other way .
If the Republicans push this , though , Obama will be left with little choice but to not reappoint him .
Then we ’ll get Larry Summers .
Great .
Even if you forget all the virtues I ’ve just bestowed on Bernanke , remember this .
The key to an effective Central Bank is independence .
Otherwise we have Arthur Burns .
It was Burns , not oil , which caused the Great Inflation of the 1970’s .
How can we seriously assume Summers will be independent of Rohm Emanuel ?
If Summers winds up running the Fed , mark my word , inflation will follow .
