Questions Surround Govt Funded Abstinence Program
Why Did a Lower - Ranked Organization Get Money While Higher - Ranked Groups Were Denied Funding ?
An organization that promotes sexual abstinence for teens received a federal grant of over a million dollars , twice what it had requested , despite the skepticism Department of Justice staffers had about the group and the fact that it refused to participate in a congressionally mandated study .
So why did the Best Friends Foundation receive the grant from the Justice Department 's juvenile justice office even though dozens of competing organizations were rated higher by the office 's own reviewers ?
Current and former staffers say it was because of Best Friends ' powerful president and founder , Elayne Bennett .
Not only is Bennett the wife of Bill Bennett , a former Reagan and Bush administration official and conservative political commentator , but she is also personally close to the chief administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention ( OJJDP ) , J. Robert Flores .
DOJ staffers were deeply skeptical when Best Friends applied for a grant of around a half - million dollars last summer .
For one thing , the organization had backed out of a congressionally mandated study to examine whether or not abstinence programs are effective .
Then there were the DOJ staffers own internal reviews , which placed Best Friends behind dozens of other competing organizations .
Out of 104 grants in their category , Best Friends ranked 53rd .
But those other organizations did n't have Elayne Bennett .
Bennett , say current and former DOJ staffers in the OJJDP , often spoke on the phone with Flores and had access to him and his aides that other juvenile organizations ordinarily would n't have .
And then there were the parties .
When Best Friends held their pricey society fundraisers , Flores was often in attendance , as were some of his top aides , albeit with permission from the DOJ ethics officers , according to OJJDP staffers .
Former OJJDP staffer Scott Peterson , who left the office in disgust over Flores ' handling of the grant process , told ABCNews.com that the parties did n't have much to do with assessing whether or not the group deserved government funding .
While still at the DOJ , Peterson had recommended that funds be withheld related to an earlier grant awarded to Best Friends because the group had not complied with federal regulations that it report how it was spending taxpayer money .
When faced with a possible cut - off of their funding , the group did belatedly comply and provided the information .
And then there was the matter of Best Friends having earlier backed out of a congressionally mandated study on abstinence programs even after it had agreed to participate .
In an inteview with ABC , Bennett said she believed that other federal agencies had denied Best Friends further grants because of its pulling out of the study , conducted by the Mathmatica Policy Research , Inc. , of Princeton New Jersey .
But Bennett said that Best Friends was justified in pulling out because the " research design changed " after her group first agreed to participate and the new requirements would have placed onerous demands on the schools Best Friends works with .
Despite backing out of the study and the comparatively poor reviews , Best Friends received a $ 1.1 million grant from the juvenile justice office .
They had requested $ 550,000 .
Flores refused to do an on - camera interview with ABC News but in a phone conversation insisted he was not influenced by the group 's high level connections and said he chose the program because historically there was not a lot of funding for programs aimed at delinquent girls .
At a recent fundraiser , Elayne Bennett told ABCNews.com that her organization is all about good friendships .
" We 're really about positive friendships .
And a good , solid friendship is a beautiful thing , " she said .
She said of the career Justice Department employees who are now speaking out about their allegations of favoritism : " They say that others are playing politics .
But they are doing this because of politics .
They do n't like the politics of our group and others .
That 's where that nastiness comes from . "
She added : " Inside leaking .
You have to be careful of that . "
Meanwhile , competing with Best Friends for a federal grant from the OJJDP was a Washington non-profit , the Rape Abuse and Incest National Network ( RAINN ) , an advocacy group for victims of rape and sexual assault .
Among other things , RAINN runs a telephone hotline for victims of rape and sexual assault , which has put hundreds of thousands of victims together with local rape crisis centers .
In the category of OJJDP grants for which both organizations applied , Best Friends ranked 51st , while RAINN came in at 14th .
RAINN did not receive a grant from the OJJDP .
A spokesman for RAINN declined to comment for the story .
Meanwhile , others in the juvenile justice arena continue to question why Flores would ignore the advice of his own staffers and award grants to lower - ranked organizations .
" Under Flores , his office has abandoned its core mission in favor of peripheral issues with ineffective programs , " William Treanor , executive director of the American Youth Work Center , told ABCNews.com .
" The office has abdicated respect and leadership in the juvenile justice field , " he said .
The newspaper published by Treanor 's organization , Youth Today , first reported the controversy over Flores ' grant awards .
Although OJJDP administrators have some discretion under the law to award grants to whomever they want , Flores is still required to get approval for the awards from his superior .
But because of Best Friends ' lower ranking , 53rd out of 104 grant applicants considered , his superiors might have overruled him , if they knew of the group 's poor standing , according to Justice Department officials involved in the process .
To make sure that a grant to Best Friends was approved , officials say , Flores simply created an entirely whole new category which the organization 's grant proposal would be considered .
The category , Flores wrote in a memo to then - Assistant Attorney General Regina Schofield , who oversaw the awarding of Justice Department contracts and grants was for grantees " utilizing school based outreach efforts directed at preventing high - risk activity ( out - of - wedlock pregnancy ) . "
Flores went on to write Schofield regarding Best Friend 's proposal : " This application has the highest score that met the criteria under the administrator 's priority area . "
What Flores left out of the memo was that Best Friends had the highest score because by manipulating the categories , Best Friends was the only organization that qualified at all in that particular category .
In its original category , some fifty organizations were given higher scores than Best Friends by Justice Department reviewers .
Forty of them , despite having higher rankings than Best Friends , would receive no money at all from the government .
Some who have worked with Best Friends praise the organization and its work .
Wanda Fox , the principal of a Washington D.C. public school , Brighton Elementary School , said : " None of the girls we have had in the program have gotten pregnant .
They do n't drop out . "
Best Friends ,
Fox says , " empowers young people to take control of their lives . "
But four current and former career Justice Department officials say Flores played favorites in awarding grants to Best Friends and question why their reservations about the group were set aside .
Peterson simply says of the grant for Best Friends : " The administrator made sure the fix was in on this one . "
Murray Waas is a Washington - based investigative reporter who primarily covers national security and law enforcement issues .
He is a contributing editor to the National Journal and has also written for the New Yorker , the Los Angeles Times , the Boston Globe and other newspapers and magazines .
Comedian George Carlin was arrested by Wisconsin police in July 1972 and charged with public indecency for violating obscenity laws by performing the routine ' Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television . '
A Milwaukee judge later dismissed the charges against the 35 - year - old comic .
“ Conquer English to Make China Stronger ! ” Li Yang ’s cosmology ties the ability to speak English to personal strength , and personal strength to national power .
Photograph by Ian Teh. PANOS PICTURES
Accompanied by his photographer and his personal assistant , Li Yang stepped into a Beijing classroom and shouted , “ Hello , everyone ! ”
The students applauded .
Li , the founder , head teacher , and editor - in - chief of Li Yang Crazy English , wore a dove - gray turtleneck and a black car coat .
His hair was set off by a faint silver streak .
It was January , and Day Five of China ’s first official English - language intensive - training camp for volunteers to the 2008 Summer Olympics , and Li was making the rounds .
The classes were part of a campaign that is more ambitious than anything previous Olympic host cities have attempted .
China intends to teach itself as much English as possible by the time the guests arrive , and Li has been brought in by the Beijing Organizing Committee to make that happen .
He is China ’s Elvis of English , perhaps the world ’s only language teacher known to bring students to tears of excitement .
He has built an empire out of his country ’s deepening devotion to a language it once derided as the tongue of barbarians and capitalists .
His philosophy , captured by one of his many slogans , is flamboyantly patriotic : “ Conquer English to Make China Stronger ! ”
Li peered at the students and called them to their feet .
They were doctors in their thirties and forties , handpicked by the city ’s hospitals to work at the Games .
If foreign fans and coaches get sick , these are the doctors they will see .
But , like millions of English learners in China , the doctors have little confidence speaking this language that they have spent years studying by textbook .
Li , who is thirty - eight , has made his name on an E.S.L. technique that one Chinese newspaper called English as a Shouted Language .
Shouting , Li argues , is the way to unleash your “ international muscles . ”
Shouting is the foreign - language secret that just might change your life .
Li stood before the students , his right arm raised in the manner of a tent revivalist , and launched them into English at the top of their lungs .
“ I ! ” he thundered .
“ I ! ” they thundered back .
“ Would ! ”
“ Would ! ”
“ Like ! ”
“ Like ! ”
“ To ! ”
“ To ! ”
“ Take ! ”
“ Take ! ”
“ Your ! ”
“ Your ! ”
“ Tem ! Per ! Ture ! ”
“ Tem ! Per ! Ture ! ”
One by one , the doctors tried it out .
“ I would like to take your temperature ! ” a woman in stylish black glasses yelled , followed by a man in a military uniform .
As Li went around the room , each voice sounded a bit more confident than the one before .
( How a patient might react to such bluster was anyone ’s guess . )
To his fans , Li is less a language teacher than a testament to the promise of self - transformation .
In the two decades since he began teaching , at age nineteen , he has appeared before millions of Chinese adults and children .
He routinely teaches in arenas , to classes of ten thousand people or more .
Some fans travel for days to see him .
The most ardent spring for a “ diamond degree ” ticket , which includes bonus small - group sessions with Li .
The list price for those seats is two hundred and fifty dollars a day — more than a full month ’s wages for the average Chinese worker .
His students throng him for autographs .
On occasion , they send love letters .
There is another widespread view of Li ’s work that is not so flattering .
“ The jury is still out on whether he actually helps people learn English , ” Bob Adamson , an English - language specialist at the Hong Kong Institute of Education , said .
The linguist Kingsley Bolton , an authority on English study in China , calls Li’s approach “ huckster nationalism . ”
The most serious charge — one that in recent months has threatened to undo everything Li has built — holds that the frenzied crowds , and his exhortations , tap a malignant strain of populism that China has not permitted since the Cultural Revolution .
“ I have seen this kind of agitation , ” Wang Shuo , one of China ’s most influential novelists , wrote in an essay on Li .
“ It ’s a kind of old witchcraft : Summon a big crowd of people , get them excited with words , and create a sense of power strong enough to topple mountains and overturn the seas . ”
Wang went on , “ I believe that Li Yang loves the country .
But act this way and your patriotism , I fear , will become the same shit as racism . ”
__
The global headquarters of Li Yang Crazy English holds about two hundred employees ( another two hundred work nationwide ) and sprawls across four floors of an office building in the southern city of Guangzhou .
Li is rarely there .
He likes hotels .
Even in Beijing , where he shares an apartment with his wife and their two daughters , he often keeps a hotel room nearby so that he can work without distraction .
( A third daughter from a previous marriage lives with her mother in Canada . )
For several days this winter , Li and his lieutenants were ensconced in the presidential suite on the top floor of Guangzhou ’s Ocean Hotel .
The suite was furnished in a modern clubby style : a faux fireplace , white leather couches , a cavernous Jacuzzi , a large wooden model of a schooner .
Fresh air was needed .
Li had just wrapped up an annual marathon of meetings with managers from around the country , and a dozen young men and women were huddled , heavy - lidded , over laptops .
He fiddled with the thermostat and threw open the curtains to reveal a view , from the twenty - sixth floor , of dun-colored apartment blocks and blue - glass high - rises twinkling in the sun .
He sat down on a couch and began explaining to me a list of new projects , including a retail plan that would create , in his words , the Starbucks of English education .
“ People would get off work and just go to the Crazy English Tongue Muscle Training House and then go back home , ” he said .
“ Just like a gym . ”
Li ’s name adorns more than a hundred books , videos , audio boxed sets , and software packages , such as the “ Li Yang Crazy English Blurt Out MP3 Collection , ” which sells for sixty - six yuan — a little more than nine dollars — and his motivational memoir , which costs twenty yuan .
He encourages companies to buy the memoir , whose Chinese title translates as “ I Am Crazy , I Succeed , ” in bulk for employees ; orders of a thousand copies or more receive a forty - per-cent discount .
( The original title used a word that implied “ I Am Psychotic , I Succeed , ” but the publishing house rejected it . )
Most of Li’s products bear one of his portraits : well groomed , rimless glasses , a commanding grin .
He says that he has no idea precisely how many books he has sold over the years .
One of his publishers ( he has several ) estimates that the figure is in the millions .
China has been in the grip of “ English fever , ” as the phenomenon is known in Chinese , for more than a decade .
A vast national appetite has elevated English to something more than a language : it is not simply a tool but a defining measure of life ’s potential .
China today is divided by class , opportunity , and power , but one of its few unifying beliefs — something shared by waiters , politicians , intellectuals , tycoons — is the power of English .
Every college freshman must meet a minimal level of English comprehension , and it ’s the only foreign language tested .
English has become an ideology , a force strong enough to remake your résumé , attract a spouse , or catapult you out of a village .
Linguists estimate the number of Chinese now studying or speaking English at between two hundred million and three hundred and fifty million , a figure that ’s on the order of the population of the United States .
English private schools , study gadgets , and high - priced tutors vie for pieces of that market .
The largest English school system , New Oriental , is traded on the New York Stock Exchange .
Kucinich presents
Bush impeachment articles
Want to get stories before they break ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser , or in RSS .
An Ohio Democratic lawmaker and former presidential candidate has presented articles of impeachment against President George W. Bush to Congress .
Thirty - five articles were presented by Rep. Dennis Kucinich to the House of Representatives late Monday evening , airing live on C - SPAN .
" The House is not in order , " said Kucinich to Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) , upon which Pelosi pounded her gavel .
" Resolved , " Kucinich then began , " that President George W. Bush be impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors , and that the following articles of impeachment be exhibited to the United States Senate .
...
" In his conduct while President of the United States , George W. Bush , in violation of his constitutional oath to faithfully execute the office of president of the United States , and to the best of his ability preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States , and in violation of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed , has committed the following abuses of power ... "
The first article Kucinich presented , and many that followed , regarded the war in Iraq : " Article 1 - Creating a secret propaganda campaign to manufacture a false case for war against Iraq . "
On several occasions , Kucinich referenced RAW STORY and its noted investigative news chief , Larisa Alexandrovna , as source material for the articles .
Two of the RAW STORY pieces Kucinich mentioned are viewable here and here .
Kucinich , a 2004 and 2008 Democratic candidate for the White House , abandoned a prior attempt to begin impeachment proceedings against Bush in January of this year .
In April of 2007 , Kucinich presented impeachment articles against Vice President Dick Cheney , but the effort went nowhere .
Kucinich exclaimed that " impeachment may well be the only remedy which remains to stop a war of aggression against Iran . "
Before leaving office in January 2007 , then - Democratic Rep. Cynthia McKinney -- currently a Green Party presidential candidate -- introduced articles of impeachment against President Bush as her last act in Congress , but that effort also was fruitless .
Follow - up articles : Mainstream media yawns as Kucinich offers impeachment - Impeachment resolution gains co-sponsor - Kucinich to push for referral of impeachment resolution to Judiciary Committee .
This video is from C - SPAN , broadcast June 9 , 2008 .
Download video
Kucinich references RAW STORY
A PDF file with the full text of the articles is available at this link .
One of the ironies of the current broadband situation in the US is that staunch free marketeers defend the status quo even though the result of their views has been duopoly and high prices .
Meanwhile , other countries ( including those with a reputation in some quarters for " socialism " ) have taken aggressive steps to create a robust , competitive , consumer - friendly marketplace with the help of regulation and national investment .
Critics , it 's time to stop the quibbling : the data collection practices that show the US dropping year - over - year in all sorts of broadband metrics from uptake to price per megabit might not prove solid enough to trust with your life , but we 're out of good reasons to doubt their general meaning .
On March 26 , 2004 , George Bush talked up the importance of broadband .
" This country needs a national goal for ... the spread of broadband technology , " he said .
" We ought to have ... universal , affordable access for broadband technology by the year 2007 , and then we ought to make sure as soon as possible thereafter , consumers have got plenty of choices when it comes to [ their ] broadband carrier . "
But multiple reports show that countries around the world are beating us at broadband , and we 're putting our economy and technological leadership at risk through a truly stunning failure to cast a national vision .
Other countries are doing better at this , and they 're doing it through a combination of financing , fear ( competition ) , and federal mandates .
Report US ranking FTTH Council , " Asia Lead the World in FTTH Penetration " ( July 18 , 2007 ) 11 Robert Atkinson , " The Case for a National Broadband Policy " ( June 2007 ) 12 OECD , " Broadband Statistics to December 2006 " 15 ITU , " Broadband Statistics for 1 January 2006 " 15 ITU United Nations Conf. on Trade and Develop. , " Chapter 3 , the Digital Opportunity Index " 20 Website Optimization , LLC , " US Jumps to 24th in Worldwide Broadband Penetration " ( August 21 , 2007 ) 24
This was the message of John Windhausen , president of Telepoly Consulting , who authored ( and is currently lobbying for ) the " Big Broadband " plan for 100 +
Mbps fiber optic connections to every home in the country .
The plan is backed by the higher -ed IT association EDUCAUSE , and Windhausen presented his work to members at an annual policy gathering this week in Washington , DC .
While Windhausen 's model might not be the one ultimately adopted by the US , he did explain just how other countries have managed to leapfrog us .
First , though , he dismissed two common canards .
( Quack , quack ; bang , bang . )
A common criticism of the OECD broadband numbers that put the US in 15th place worldwide is that they cover countries less rural than the US , with its amber waves of grains and the purple majesty of its mountains at twilight ( word on the street has it that God sheds grace like dead skin on these places , too ) .
But Windhausen pointed out that other countries with more rural areas are beating us in broadband .
Norway , Iceland , and Sweden , for instance , all have a greater rural mix than does the US , and all are higher in the rankings .
In addition , nearly all the countries beating us have a smaller Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) per capita than the US ; in fact , only Norway and Luxembourg have a higher one .
So if being a broadband laggard can't be chalked up to either having less money or more farmers , what can explain it ?
Windhausen says that other countries have deployed the " three Fs " listed above as they made broadband a key piece of national policy .
Japan .
The government requires local loop unbundling so that new ISPs can emerge without having to rewire the last mile every time .
The government also has a 34 percent stake in NTT , one of the major telecoms , and has ordered it to deploy fiber whether or not it shows a profit ; broadband is considered a key piece of infrastructure that can't simply be deployed only where it is profitable .
The government also subsidizes a third of the cost of all fiber - to - the - home deployments in rural areas , where rolling out new lines can prove terribly expensive .
The result is one of the fastest broadband networks in the world at one of the lowest price - per - megabit points anywhere .
France .
In France , local loop unbundling was mandated in 1999 ( the US ditched similar rules a few years later ) and multiple competitors emerged .
In December 2007 , new fiber rules were promulgated that required all new construction to be compatible with fiber , which is much cheaper to install at the time of construction .
The country 's policies have been successful enough that competing ISPs like Iliad and Neuf Cegetel are no longer just content to lease their lines but are rolling out their own fiber infrastructure .
While fiber ramps up , DSL too remains far above US offerings , providing 20 Mbps for around $ 20 a month using ADSL2 + technology of the kind AT&T is now deploying for U - verse ( though in AT&T's version , only part of this is available for Internet access ) .
Sweden .
Sweden was the first European nation to have a broadband policy , and it has sunk $ 820 million into infrastructure so far .
That might not sound like much , but it represents a $ 30 billion expenditure for a country the size of the US .
The Swedish government is now recommending another $ 500 million to build fiber out further into rural areas , and fiber lines are unbundled to encourage competition .
Canada .
Finally , Canada adopted a broadband plan in 2001 and it treats broadband as a core infrastructure element .
It has about the same rural / urban mix as the US but a smaller economy per capita , and it is near the top of the OECD rankings .
Despite the repeated claims of the current administration that our " broadband policy " is working , the US actually has no broadband policy and no aggressive and inspiring goals ( think " moon shot " ) .
The EDUCAUSE model suggests investing $ 100 billion ( a third comes from the feds , a third from the states , and a third from companies ) to roll out fiber to every home in the country .
Whether the particular proposal has merit or not , it at least has the great virtue of being an ambitious policy that recognizes the broad economic and social benefits from fast broadband .
Here 's hoping that the next president , whoever he ( or , possibly , she ) is , gives us something more effective — and inspiring — than this .
It 's telling that the current administration 's official page on the President 's tech policy has n't had a new speech or press release added since ... 2004 .
( NaturalNews )
Fasting for one day each month may reduce the risk of clogged arteries by 40 percent , according to a new study conducted by researchers from Intermountain Medical Center and the University of Utah and presented at a conference of the American Heart Association .
Researchers first began to study fasting when an analysis of a health registry indicated that significantly fewer Mormons than non-Mormons in Utah suffered from the clogged arteries indicative of heart disease , even after different smoking rates were taken into account .
The researchers then conducted a survey of 515 people , 92 percent of whom were Mormon .
Participants were asked about a number of habits associated with the practice of the Mormon religion , including fasting one day per month , avoidance of caffeine and alcohol , observance of a day of rest , church attendance and donation of either time or money to charity .
Of the five religious practices , only observance of the monthly fast showed any correlation with heart disease rates , with 59 percent of regular fasters developing heart disease , compared with 67 percent of those who did not fast .
The difference between fasters and non-fasters remained even after the researchers adjusted for age , weight and health status , including high cholesterol , diabetes or high blood pressure .
Researcher Benjamin
Horne said it was not clear why fasting might lead to a benefit for the heart .
He speculated that fasting might simply be associated with other characteristics , such as good self - control of diet .
It might lead directly to the benefit too , however .
When the body is deprived of food and sugar in particular , it stops producing insulin .
This can prevent against the development of the insulin sensitivity associated with Type 2 diabetes , a risk factor for heart disease .
Horne noted that diabetics should not fast , because it can be dangerous for them .
In addition , fasting is not helpful for those wanting to lose weight , because it causes the body to start storing fat as soon as it has access to food again .
" But what about planned pregnancies ?
Should we now explain to UK couples who plan a family that stopping at two children , or at least having one less child than first intended , is the simplest and biggest contribution anyone can make to leaving a habitable planet for our grandchildren ?
The BBC lists 108 episodes of Doctor Who from the 1960s as officially " missing " from its archive .
That 's because the original videotapes were either erased or destroyed by the BBC in the 1970s , to make shelf space for newer programming .
A catastrophe for fans .
But Doctor
Who - as fans of the show will know - is luckier than most .
The programme has always had a very loyal , and often talented , fanbase .
It was its dedicated fans who in the 1960s were n't hiding behind the sofa , but holding microphones up to their televisions week after week , that meant that all of the missing 108 instalments still exist as audio recordings ; and it has been today 's fans who have , over the past few years , been working on bringing these " lost " recordings back to life through animation .
In 2006 , James Goss , a producer working with the BBC 's interactive arm , took two audio - only episodes from the 1968 story The Invasion to the animation studios Cosgrove Hall to produce an all - new black and white animation , lip - synced to the original audio - in effect , bringing back to life two lost gems from the BBC archive .
The episodes were released on DVD and went on to become one of BBC DVD 's most successful Doctor Who releases .
Invasion of the fans
However , since The Invasion project , no further episodes have been given the animation treatment by the BBC .
Dan Hall , commissioning editor for the Doctor Who DVD range , says : " Unfortunately these things have to be paid for , and animations are very expensive .
The Invasion ... was a co-venture that was majority - funded by the BBC , and they 've decided not to invest in them any further .
" I would love to do another animation .
It 's just a matter of finding a way that it can be done affordably .
It 's nowhere near affordable , and it's not one of those things where you can ... just make a smaller profit on it . "
Now dedicated fans from around the globe have entered the scene to work on their own animations of lost stories , entirely separate from the BBC .
Garrett Gilchrist is a director and artist based in the US , where he has produced a series of low - budget movies .
For the past eight months he has been working on an ambitious project to restore to life an episode of the lost 1967 Patrick Troughton epic , Evil of the Daleks .
" The Invasion DVD was such a gift to fans , such a wonderful project , " he says .
" The first thought in everyone 's mind was , ' So , when are you animating the rest of them , then ? ' "
Working from a basis of hand - drawn 2D animation , Gilchrist has created a series of artworks of all the main characters needed and has worked them into the animation .
" I use a very painstaking method , working very closely from photos , " he says .
" Everything has to match the original photo perfectly .
I wanted my animations to look like a painting come to life - looking just like the original actors , only with cartoon lines around them . "
Gilchrist 's efforts , and those of others , benefit from the cooperation of an online community of fans ; already Gilchrist 's work , on what he calls the WhoSprites project , is nearing the completion of an entire episode .
But while the work of Gilchrist and that of The Invasion DVD relies on traditional 2D animation , many more projects are working in the more complex field of 3D CGI .
Much of this work is concentrated around the loose collective of the WHO3D group .
Established in the 1990s with the bold aim of producing professional - quality CGI animations from early Doctor Who audiotapes , the project has produced some surprisingly accomplished products .
" Done in the right way , CGI could breathe life into 60s
Who in a way that we may never otherwise see again , " says Marc Taylor , a member of the group .
He is working on a large - scale CGI realisation of Patrick Troughton 's first story as the Doctor , the six - part Power of the Daleks , made in 1966 .
" We are just over six months in , " says Aaron Climas , an Australian - based animator working on the project .
" It is a little complicated , but animation is n't just something you sit down and do , in the same way you do n't build a house by getting some wood and start nailing . "
Taylor agrees : " You can spend literally hours trying to figure out the sets and how everything is laid out .
There are many variables involved .
Not least , how good your computer is .
I can't tell you the frustration that you get from waiting ages on a slow machine ...
A complex scene , in the console room , is a good 30 minutes to get a render back - because there 's a lot of glass refraction and lighting . "
In spite of the time involved in creating these episodes , however , attention to detail is still held to be paramount .
" They have to match the original episodes as closely as possible , and feel like the 60s Doctor Who , not updated , " says Gilchrist .
" Just recreated with new technology .
Recreated , not updated . "
Of course , all of the many projects in production are independently produced , and although many of the artists involved have actually worked in some capacity for the BBC's Doctor Who ranges ( on cover illustrations or DVD features , for example ) , the whole endeavour is an entirely amateur one , albeit often with professional flair .
And yet , with no further official animations planned by the BBC , it is easy to see why those involved have such zeal for their work .
Recipe for success ?
" The audio for these productions exists , with many , many images from filming and camera scripts .
All kinds of materials are sitting there waiting like a set of cooking ingredients , " Climas says .
Gilchrist agrees : " It 's up to us now to take the superglue and put these broken episodes back together .
Perhaps this is the sort of thing that should ideally be done by a fan - a fan with talent , but a fan nevertheless . "
Whether any of the productions worked on will bring about a professional commission is yet to be seen , but BBC DVD is open to suggestions and , even if the money is lacking , the goodwill is still there .
" Certainly , I 've been offered lots of alternatives , " Hall says .
" I do n't think any of them have been up to the quality that I think the market deserves ... but it's an idea I 'm always keeping an eye open for .
When people write to me and say ' Can we do a test ? '
I will gladly look at it and schedules are always movable .
You can always make room for things , if something good crops up . "
Generic drugs are viewed as a rare bright spot when it comes to the cost of the U.S. health - care system .
By switching to them , patients can often save a bundle .
But for some in the health - care industry , generics can mean big money .
And the irony is that patients often do n't realize their savings from generics could be much bigger .
As this WSJ article from last year explains , pharmacies often significantly mark up the prices of generics when they sell them to the uninsured .
And as the WSJ reports today , pharmacy benefits managers ...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama is leading Sen. John McCain in the crucial swing states of Ohio , Pennsylvania and Florida , according to a new survey .
CNN.com has put together an interactive electoral map .
Obama lost the Democratic primary in Pennsylvania by 9 percentage points .
But a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday shows him leading McCain by 12 points , 52 to 40 percent .
In Ohio , a state Obama lost to Sen. Hillary Clinton by 10 points in March , he 's leading McCain 48 to 42 percent .
And in Florida , where he did not campaign this primary season and lost an unsanctioned Democratic contest , he leads McCain 47 to 43 percent .
The Ohio and Florida results are reversals from Quinnipiac polls published a month ago , when Clinton was still in the race and McCain led Obama in hypothetical match - ups .
In the waning days of her campaign , Clinton argued to voters and superdelegates that she should be the nominee because she was the stronger candidate to beat McCain in these swing states during the general election .
Democrats in all three swing states say they'd like to see her on the ballot this fall , but independent voters give the idea a thumbs - down by margins of 9 to 16 percent .
Watch more on who independents are favoring »
Do n't Miss Election Center 2008
Florida clinched the presidency for George W. Bush in 2000 , and Ohio did the same in 2004 .
Quinnipiac surveyed between 1,300 and 1,500 voters in each state June 9 - 16 .
The polls had margins of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points for Pennsylvania and 2.6 percentage points for Ohio and Florida .
If the swing state momentum for Obama catches on all over the country , there may be a new electoral map .
Interactive : CNN 's latest Electoral College map »
The latest CNN national poll , conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation , shows Obama running strongest in the West -- and not just California .
" The 10 Rocky Mountain states have been traditionally the most Republican part of the country .
So that 's why it 's so amazing that the polls show Obama doing well out here , " said Bob Loevy , a political science professor at Colorado College .
Nevada , New Mexico and Colorado , three Western states that Bush carried by narrow margins in 2004 , now look vulnerable to a Democratic takeover , even though they all border McCain 's Arizona .
So what 's behind the change ?
" In the upper - class suburbs of Denver that used to be so solidly Republican , a lot of aspects of the Bush administration have not played well there , " Loevy said .
" His war policies , his policies on abortion , gay marriage ... simply have not played well with the old Republican Party out there in the Rocky Mountain west .
So it's in the upscale suburbs that we see the strongest shift to the Democrats . "
CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider and political producers Ed Hornick and Alexander Marquardt contributed to this report .
All About Quinnipiac University • U.S. Presidential Election
Emulating similar experiments in Paris , London , and Bogotá , Colombia , New York City will close off to traffic a 6.9 - mile route from the Brooklyn Bridge to East 72nd Street on three consecutive Saturdays , giving New Yorkers to a chance to explore and enjoy “ car - free recreation corridors ” — well , for six hours a stretch , at least .
In making the announcement , the mayor summoned some star power : the cyclist and seven - time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong and the musician David Byrne of the Talking Heads , who said he commutes by bicycle daily to his work in SoHo from his home in Midtown .
The route will run from Lower Manhattan to East 72nd Street via Centre Street , Lafayette Street , Fourth Avenue and Park Avenue .
Major crosstown routes — including Chambers , Canal , East Houston , 14th , 23rd and 59th Streets — will remain open to traffic .
Buses that ride along the 6.9 - mile route will be rerouted during the street closings — which have been scheduled for Aug. 9 , 16 , and 23 , from 7 a.m. until 1 p.m .
Standing on a wide stretch of sidewalk outside the uptown entrance to the No. 6 train station on Astor Place , the mayor said of the program : “ There might be some minor disruptions here and there , but I think that those will be far outweighed by the huge benefits that Summer Streets will bring to hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers . ”
He added : “ In the end , Summer Streets is an experiment .
If it works , we ’ll certainly consider doing it again .
If not , we wo n’t .
But we have never been afraid to try new ideas , especially the ones that have the potential to improve our quality of life . ”
Ms. Sadik - Khan said , “ We ’re really committed to treating our 6,000 miles of streets as more than just travel corridors , but as really vital public places .
For many of us , our streets are really our front yards and this new initiative will allow us to enjoy them free of vehicles . ”
It was after consultations with the New York Police Department that city officials settled on the 6.9 - mile route that stretches from the Brooklyn Bridge to Central Park , slicing along the heart of eastern Manhattan on Park Avenue as the least disruptive for the event .
The mayor said that traffic on Park Avenue is lighter on Saturdays than it is on Sundays .
The city ’s transportation commissioner , Janette Sadik - Khan , said : “ We ’ve been making very careful preparations on our traffic front to make sure that we ’re dealing with the access issues that residents have , with the delivery issues that businesses have and also to make sure that we ’ve got appropriate access for emergency vehicles . ”
Ms. Sadik - Khan mentioned similar initiatives in Paris , London and Bogotá , where one of the city ’s main streets , Carrera Séptima , is closed for traffic on Sundays year - round and about 1.5 million people come out to walk , ride their bicycle , jog or skate along the route .
In New York , Crunch Gym instructors will offer free aerobics class and the city is working with other private partners to develop a bicycle - sharing program .
Mayor Bloomberg said that he does not plan to ride his bike along Park Avenue , “ but I ’ll certainly walk . ”
“ I just think it would be a media circus and I ’d pretty likely run down somebody , so I ’d better not . ”
“ Look , there will be minor inconveniences , ” the mayor said about potential disruptions for business owners and residents along Park Avenue .
“ There ’s minor inconveniences when it rains , when you have snow ; inconveniences when it ’s hot , when it ’s cold ; inconveniences when there are people on the streets , when they ’re not . ”
“ Think about the smoking ban , ” he added .
“ Everybody was so afraid of it , but today I do n’t know if you ’d find very many bar and restaurant owners or people who work in bars and restaurants that would go back . ”
“ You ’ve got to try new things , ” Mayor Bloomberg said .
“ It ’s three Saturdays .
If it does hurt and it does n’t provide any benefits , we wo n’t do it anymore .
If it turns out that it ’s great , we ’ll do it a lot more , I hope .
But there ’s only one way to find out and that ’s to go and to try new things and to minimize the disruption . ”
According to the mayor ’s office , several cities have adopted similar temporary car - free corridors , including El Paso , Tex. , and Cambridge , Mass .
Portland and Chicago are said to be planning similar initiatives .
An updated version of this article was published on June 17 .
Brains + drugs = fried eggs , right ?
Not always .
Some pills can boost your cognitive output .
But we at Wired are n't doctors .
Anyone who takes a bushel of drugs based on our say - so must be high .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
KEY Order online Buy from manufacturer Tap black market Fake illness
Hit drugstore
Drugs
What it does
How to get it Possible side effects Adderall Thought to optimize levels of dopamine and norepinephrine , enhancing concentration and turning mundane tasks into wondrous ones .
Often prescribed to ADHD patients ( wink , wink ) .
Addiction , headaches , insomnia , Tourette 's - like symptoms , heart attack Aniracetam Seems to boost release of glutamate , speeding neurotransmission and improving memory .
Not a ton of evidence , though .
Anxiety , agitation , insomnia , dizziness , epigastric heaviness ( feeling full ) Aricept An Alzheimer 's drug that may also enhance memory in healthy adults .
Thought to reduce the breakdown of acetylcholine , a neurotransmitter that helps relay messages around the brain .
Nausea , diarrhea , fainting Methamphetamine Triggers the release of dopamine .
Can increase concentration and creative output .
Prolonged use can also make you stupid and crazy .
Parkinson 's - like symptoms , addiction , stroke , psychosis , prison , death Modafinil A narcolepsy medication that improves focus , pattern recognition , and short - term memory .
The exact mechanism of action is unclear .
Good for card counters .
Chest pain , nausea , headache , life - threatening rash Nicotine Chemically similar to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine .
Spurs faster interaction between nerve cells in the brain , aiding memory formation and attention .
Addiction , cancer , social isolation ( depending on delivery mechanism ) Rolipram Originally used as an antidepressant .
May elevate levels of cyclic adenosine monophosphate to boost memory .
Improves cognition ( in rats ) .
Headache , nausea , intense vomiting Vasopressin Produced naturally in the hypothalamus1 gland and used in the formation of new memories .
Shown to help users learn more effectively ( especially men ) .
Prescribed as a drug for diabetes insipidus .
Angina , nausea , wheezing , belching , coma
Illustration : Christoph Niemann
Apparently , the world is going to end on December 21st , 2012 .
Yes , you read correctly , in some way , shape or form , the Earth ( or at least a large portion of humans on the planet ) will cease to exist .
Stop planning your careers , do n’t bother buying a house , and be sure to spend the last years of your life doing something you always wanted to do but never had the time .
Now you have the time , four years of time , to enjoy yourselves before … the end .
So what is all this crazy talk ?
We ’ve all heard these doomsday predictions before , we ’re still here , and the planet is still here , why is 2012 so important ?
Well , the Mayan calendar stops at the end of the year 2012 , churning up all sorts of religious , scientific , astrological and historic reasons why this calendar foretells the end of life as we know it .
The Mayan Prophecy is gaining strength and appears to be worrying people in all areas of society .
Forget Nostradamus , forget the Y2 K bug , forget the credit crunch , this event is predicted to be huge and many wholeheartedly believe this is going to happen for real .
Planet X could even be making a comeback .
Related 2012 articles :
For all those 2012 Mayan Prophecy believers out there , I have bad news .
There is going to be no doomsday event in 2012 , and here ’s why …
The Mayan Calendar
So what is the Mayan Calendar ?
The calendar was constructed by an advanced civilization called the Mayans around 250-900 AD .
Evidence for the Maya empire stretches around most parts of the southern states of Mexico and reaches down to the current geological locations of Guatemala , Belize , El Salvador and some of Honduras .
The people living in Mayan society exhibited very advanced written skills and had an amazing ability when constructing cities and urban planning .
The Mayans are probably most famous for their pyramids and other intricate and grand buildings .
The people of Maya had a huge impact on Central American culture , not just within their civilization , but with other indigenous populations in the region .
Significant numbers of Mayans still live today , continuing their age - old traditions .
The Mayans used many different calendars and viewed time as a meshing of spiritual cycles .
While the calendars had practical uses , such as social , agricultural , commercial and administrative tasks , there was a very heavy religious element .
Each day had a patron spirit , signifying that each day had specific use .
This contrasts greatly with our modern Gregorian calendar which primarily sets the administrative , social and economic dates .
Most of the Mayan calendars were short .
The Tzolk ’in calendar lasted for 260 days and the Haab ’ approximated the solar year of 365 days .
The Mayans then combined both the Tzolk ’in and the Haab ’ to form the “ Calendar Round ” , a cycle lasting 52 Haab ’s ( around 52 years , or the approximate length of a generation ) .
Within the Calendar Round were the trecena ( 13 day cycle ) and the veintena ( 20 day cycle ) .
Obviously , this system would only be of use when considering the 18,980 unique days over the course of 52 years .
In addition to these systems , the Mayans also had the “ Venus Cycle ” .
Being keen and highly accurate astronomers they formed a calendar based on the location of Venus in the night sky .
It ’s also possible they did the same with the other planets in the Solar System .
Using the Calendar Round is great if you simply wanted to remember the date of your birthday or significant religious periods , but what about recording history ?
There was no way to record a date older than 52 years .
The end of the Long Count = the end of the Earth ?
The Mayans had a solution .
Using an innovative method , they were able to expand on the 52 year Calendar Round .
Up to this point , the Mayan Calendar may have sounded a little archaic – after all , it was possibly based on religious belief , the menstrual cycle , mathematical calculations using the numbers 13 and 20 as the base units and a heavy mix of astrological myth .
The only principal correlation with the modern calendar is the Haab ’ that recognised there were 365 days in one solar year ( it ’s not clear whether the Mayans accounted for leap years ) .
The answer to a longer calendar could be found in the “ Long Count ” , a calendar lasting 5126 years .
I ’m personally very impressed with this dating system .
For starters , it is numerically predictable and it can accurately pinpoint historical dates .
However , it depends on a base unit of 20 ( where modern calendars use a base unit of 10 ) .
So how does this work ?
The base year for the Mayan Long Count starts at “ 0.0.0.0.0 ” .
Each zero goes from 0 - 19 and each represent a tally of Mayan days .
So , for example , the first day in the Long Count is denoted as 0.0.0.0.1 .
On the 19th day we ’ll have 0.0.0.0.19 , on the 20th day it goes up one level and we ’ll have 0.0.0.1.0 .
This count continues until 0.0.1.0.0 ( about one year ) , 0.1.0.0.0 ( about 20 years ) and 1.0.0.0.0 ( about 400 years ) .
Therefore , if I pick an arbitrary date of 2.10 .12.7.1 , this represents the Mayan date of approximately 1012 years , 7 months and 1 day .
This is all very interesting , but what has this got to do with the end of the world ?
The Mayan Prophecy is wholly based on the assumption that something bad is going to happen when the Mayan Long Count calendar runs out .
Experts are divided as to when the Long Count ends , but as the Maya used the numbers of 13 and 20 at the root of their numerical systems , the last day could occur on 13.0.0.0.0 .
When does this happen ?
Well , 13.0.0.0.0 represents 5126 years and the Long Count started on 0.0.0.0.0 , which corresponds to the modern date of August 11th 3114 BC .
Have you seen the problem yet ?
The Mayan Long Count ends 5126 years later on December 21st , 2012 .
Doomsday
When something ends ( even something as innocent as an ancient calendar ) , people seem to think up the most extreme possibilities for the end of civilization as we know it .
A brief scan of the internet will pull up the most popular to some very weird ways that we will , with little logical thought , be wiped off the face of the planet .
Archaeologists and mythologists on the other hand believe that the Mayans predicted an age of enlightenment when 13.0.0.0.0 comes around ; there is n’t actually much evidence to suggest doomsday will strike .
If anything , the Mayans predict a religious miracle , not anything sinister .
Myths are abound and seem to be fuelling movie storylines .
It looks like the new Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is even based around the Mayan myth that 13 crystal skulls can save humanity from certain doom .
This myth says that if the 13 ancient skulls are not brought together at the right time , the Earth will be knocked off its axis .
This might be a great plotline for blockbuster movies , but it also highlights the hype that can be stirred , lighting up religious , scientific and not - so - scientific ideas that the world is doomed .
Some of the most popular space - based threats to the Earth and mankind focus on Planet X wiping most life off the planet , meteorite impacts , black holes , killer solar flares , Gamma Ray Bursts from star systems , a rapid ice age and a polar ( magnetic ) shift .
There is so much evidence against these things happening in 2012 , it ’s shocking just how much of a following they have generated .
Each of the above “ threats ” needs their own devoted article as to why there is no hard evidence to support the hype .
But the fact remains , the Mayan Doomsday Prophecy is purely based on a calendar which we believe has n’t been designed to calculate dates beyond 2012 .
Mayan archaeo - astronomers are even in debate as to whether the Long Count is designed to be reset to 0.0.0.0.0 after 13.0.0.0.0 , or whether the calendar simply continues to 20.0.0.0.0 ( approximately 8000 AD ) and then reset .
As Karl Kruszelnicki brilliantly writes :
“ … when a calendar comes to the end of a cycle , it just rolls over into the next cycle .
In our Western society , every year 31 December is followed , not by the End of the World , but by 1 January .
So 13.0.0.0.0 in the Mayan calendar will be followed by 0.0.0.0.1 – or good - ol ’ 22 December 2012 , with only a few shopping days left to Christmas . ” – Excerpt from Dr Karl ’s “ Great Moments in Science “ .
Sources : Dr Karl ’s Great Moments in Science , IHT , 2012 Wiki
Leading image credits : MIT ( supernova simulation ) , WikiMedia ( Mayan pyramid Chichen Itza ) .
Effects and editing : myself .
Ikea , Unyq , and Area Academy Combine to Make Customisable Accessories for Gamers
Swedish furniture giant Ikea will soon be expanding its range to cater specifically to gamers .
In collaboration with prosthetics company Unyq as well as Area Academy , of the eSports industry , the flat - pack furniture specialists will soon be the talk of the gaming community .
Not only will they be creating accessories for gamers , but those accessories will also be customisable , and many are aimed at helping to make gaming more accessible to those who have mobility issues .
Accessibility in video gaming has been a hot topic this year .
Efforts have been made by many software developers and hardware designers , such as with the new God of War bringing in a better selection of difficulties and customisable controls as well as Microsoft with the Xbox Adaptive Controller , to make gaming more accessible , but more can be done .
This is why it ’s great to see a company that ’s not traditionally associated with gaming of any sort to weigh into the industry while teaming up with an eSports company and prosthetics company to deliver a product that can benefit all gamers .
Introducing the Uppkoppla range for all gamers
Forever looking to innovate , the new Ikea range called Uppkoppla , which roughly translates to ‘ online ’ in Swedish , will be a 3D - printed range of products .
Thanks to the use of 3D printing , each product can be customised and specifically made to suit the needs and fit of each gamer who purchases a product from the range .
Unyq has developed the technique of 3D - printed products for the creation of prosthetics .
Using body scans , the Unyq 3D printers create products which are made to the exact measurements of an individual customer .
The app , which was revealed at Ikea ’s annual product conference , the Democratic Design Days , will be able to measure biometrics to ensure that users can easily gain access to their customised accessory range , per The Verge .
One of the first products to be launched by Ikea as a part of the Uppkoppla range will be a biometric wrist support which not only improves the comfort of using a mouse or a keyboard but also helps to prevent wrist strain .
There shall also be a mouse bungee which prevents the mouse cord from dragging in the way to allow for more precise movements , as well as textured caps for computer keys to prevent slipping and improve grip .
Given that these products are to be created through rather advanced hand scanning apps which allow for the customisation of 3D - printed products , you ’d be forgiven for thinking that Uppkoppla products would come at a steep price .
As detailed by Engadget , these items have traditionally been sold to top - level eSports competitors , but Ikea looks set to shake up the industry with Uppkoppla .
The source claims that Ikea ’s affordable pricing approach will make these gaming accessories appealing to a broader range of players , which includes people who have mobility issues .
Specifics concerning the pricing of products like the mouse bungee , textured key caps , and biometric wrist support have n’t been released by Ikea yet .
However , the products are not far away , with the furniture titan stating that they plan to start selling these customisable items through their app sometime in 2020 , per Cnet .
As you would imagine , the Uppkoppla range wo n’t be available in - store , but will all be available through the Ikea - Unyq joint app , which will is set function as the storefront and have the functions required to perform the biometric scans .
In the eSports industry and the gaming industry as a whole , a great amount of focus is placed on improving hardware and software .
Very little major attention has been placed on the accessories that promote comfort for the gamers , many of whom will spend hours gaming .
Of course , there are incredibly comfy chairs , immersive headphones , and computer mouses with keys on the side , but elements like texture key caps , mouse bungees , and wrist supports add the extra elements of comfort that gamers would love , and at an affordable price , they look set to be a huge hit .
The fact that the Uppkoppla range will also be customisable , with the whole process taking place within an app , will make the accessories even more desirable for gamers , particularly people with mobility issues who need customisable gear to enjoy gaming .
You would n’t believe if you did n’t see it , but the trio of Ikea , Unyq , and Area Academy may be about to make playing video games even more enjoyable for a lot of people .
Where will the God of War Sequel take Place ?
God of War ( 2018 ) is a sensational game that is both deep in story and rich in gameplay .
With over 190 various games of the year awards worldwide , there ’s no doubt that it ’s a phenomenal game .
To have landed so many awards in a year that also saw Red Dead Redemption 2 , Spider - Man , Forza Horizon 4 , Monster Hunter : World , and Super Smash Bros Ultimate hit the shelves makes the game ’s collection of accolades even more impressive .
So , as is often the case , fans are clamouring for more and seeking any sign that there ’s a sequel on the way .
Having made so much money and earned global critical acclaim , there ’s no doubt that Santa Monica Studio will be getting to work on the next chapter in the soft - reboot of God of War .
But as the protagonist , Kratos , made his way from Greek mythology in the first three instalments of the franchise to Norse mythology , many wonders if the next game will take place in another realm of mythology .
Will Kratos take Artreus to another realm ?
During the God of War story , Kratos and his son Artreus learn that the peaceful Norse god of war Tyr had traveled to many distant lands to expand his knowledge .
Later , the duo discovers
Tyr ’s panel , which boasts four symbols from different mythologies .
In the top left is the Eye of Ra from ancient Egyptian mythology .
The top right is from Kratos ’ heritage , ancient Greece , the Omega symbol .
In the bottom right , the Celtic symbol of Triskele sits .
In the bottom left , which is fleetingly shown , is the Hidari Mitsudomoe , from Japanese Shinto mythos .
The panel suggests a viable connection between these realms of mythology , as does Kratos ’ presence in the Norse realm , which opens up a massive range of opportunities for future God of War games .
In fact , director Cory Barlog said that they might explore the Egyptian era in the future , per Game Spot .
Then again , Sony Santa Monica may have already left us a hint as to where the next God of War will take place .
Sony Santa Monica say that Ragnarok is coming
As much fun as it would be to venture into a new realm as Kratos , he has unfinished business to attend to within the Norse realms .
In celebration of the epic game ’s one - year anniversary , Sony Santa Monica gifted a free dynamic theme and a bunch of avatars to PlayStation 4 users .
The theme itself depicts the iconic world serpent Jormungandr in the background with Kratos , Artreus , and Mimir in a rowboat on the Lake of Nine .
It ’s a fairly recognisable image from the game , but looking a little closer , fans think that they ’ve uncovered a clue for the sequel .
Carved into the side of the rowboat are some Nordic runes which , translated roughly , say ‘ Ragnarok is Coming , ’ according to Games Radar .
The conclusion of God of War could very well be what causes Ragnarok – the foretold apocalypse of the of humans and the gods in Norse mythology – to usher in , with a huge rumble between Kratos and the overruling gods of Norse mythology possibly proving to be what causes the cataclysmic event to occur .
After all , Kratos has already killed Zeus in the Greek realm : why not take on Odin too ?
Regardless of where the inevitable sequel takes place , fans will be buzzing for all of the leaks , hints , and reveals over the years to come in anticipation of another stunning God of War instalment .
Console games of the year 2018
Last year was a superb year for gaming for many different reasons .
Not only were some truly tremendous titles released , but a brand new and immensely popular genre emerged from games based on Koushun Takami ’s novel Battle Royale ; a huge array of top - class single - player games stood tall when some ‘ experts ’ foresaw their end ; and gamers continued to revolt against the tyranny of loot boxes .
Here , we ’re going to be narrowing our focus to the three best console games – those released to the PlayStation 4 , Nintendo Switch , or Xbox One – released in 2018 .
Honourable Mentions
Credit : Monster Hunter
It was very tough to compile a top - three of the best console games of 2018 , so it ’s important to make a note of these other incredible creations .
Monster Hunter : World : Capcom ’s big drive to create a game that would appeal to the Western audience was a smash - hit .
The immersive and deep game features unique game mechanics , simply stunning graphics , and a completely customisable experience – from your choice of weapons and armour to deciding whether to slay or sedate the monsters .
Spider - Man :
In a world devoid of superhero games , Insomniac ’s Marvel creation proved that the audience is very hungry for more .
Spider - Man was a record - breaking game for Sony , but the game ’s appeal went well beyond its titular character : it delivers the full superhero experience in an open - world which features a storyline , many supervillains , boss battles , random criminal encounters , and customisation options .
Forza Horizon
4 : Forza Horizon ’s innovative take on the racing genre continues to shine through , this time taking its drivers to Great Britain .
With all of the customisation and free roam aspects that it ’s become well - known for , Forza Horizon 4 is quite possibly the best racing game ever made .
In a year that the PS4 and Switch released many great exclusives , Forza Horizon 4 stood as the Xbox One ’s only top - class console exclusive .
With the honourable mentions in the books , let ’s take a look at the games which made a huge mark on 2018 and what we consider to be the very best releases of the year .
3. Red Dead Redemption 2
of the American south .
Credit : Rockstar Games
Release Date : 26 October 2018 , Console : PlayStation 4 , Xbox One
Red Dead Redemption 2 is one of the most detailed and vast open - world experiences ever put to game .
The developers , Rockstar , have left no stone unturned , from the need to clean your guns to animating every aspect of each horse .
The story is superb , not just engaging in Western - style shootout and bank jobs , and instead adding many different elements that the player must partake in to help restore the camp to its former glory .
With grand character development through meaningful missions and less important tasks , players find that they ’re not playing for themselves and are instead doing what ’s best for the camp , such as behaving in most public places , contributing money to the camp , and going hunting .
The story aside , it ’s clear that a huge amount of time went into creating the game ’s vast open world , and the developers want each player to experience it all .
The sheer grandeur of the game becomes most apparent when you find yourself without a horse and low on supplies in the wilderness , needing to walk all the way back to civilisation while refraining from carrying a perfect pelt due to it hindering your ability to fend off the many predators of the American south .
It ’s a tremendous game , one that gives players a massive playground to be an outlaw as they see fit .
Red Dead Redemption 2 went on to win Best Narrative , Best Performance , Best Audio Design , and Best Score / Music at The Game Awards 2018 as well as being a nominee for Game of the Year .
2. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
Credit : Nintendo of Europe
Release Date : 7 December 2018 , Console : Nintendo Switch
On the surface , Super Smash Bros .
Ultimate is a deep fighting game ; but just a peek under the lid will reveal that it is so much more than a brawler .
Unlike other games in the genre , Super Smash Bros .
Ultimate offers players a huge range of challenges which force them to think about how they play the game and which characters to use , leading to the discovery of brand new characters from gaming universes that they ’ve never experienced .
In both the overall game and the adventure mode World of Light , players start with a quaint group of fighters from the massive total roster of 74 playable characters .
From there , players must simply play the game to earn their chance at fighting , beating , and unlocking more characters for their own uses .
One of the reasons why the game was so hotly - anticipated in 2018 is because of the series ’ notorious cross -over rosters .
In Ultimate , fans get to play as all 63 characters which appeared in the previous games as well as 11 new ones at launch , with more on the way , all of which boast multiple appearances .
Gameplay can take many different forms for those who are playing it single - player , with many others in local multiplayer , or online .
There ’s the vast story mode , massively customisable battles and tournaments , arcade modes , challenges , and much more as players are given free rein to battle and practice with new fighters as they see fit .
With so much to do , incredibly balanced fighting , gameplay that can be quickly and enjoyably picked up by any experience of gamer , and a vast collection of much - loved characters , Super Smash Bros .
Ultimate transcends the genre but stands as one of the most enjoyable brawlers in existence .
It went on to win Best Fighting Game at the Game Critics Awards .
The previous game Super Smash Bros Melee became so popular among the fighting gamers that some eSports betting sites started to put out odds on the competitive matches .
1. God of War
Credit : Santa Monica Studio
Release Date : 20 April 2018 , Console : PlayStation 4
God of War from Sony Interactive Entertainment Santa Monica Studio was the defining game of 2018 , and perhaps of the decade so far .
The God of War series has run since 2005 , with its many renditions set in Greek mythology , appeasing fans with its hack - and - slash style of play .
But with 2018 ’s God of War , the franchise made the brave move to pivot to the realms of Norse mythology and mix - up the gameplay , which resulted in it earning immense critical and player acclaim .
Even though former God of War games were pretty big , this God of War had a new sense of appeal which drew in a massive audience , breaking sales records upon release .
Along with moving into Norse mythology , God of War 2018 differs from the rest of the series by featuring two lead characters .
You ’ll get to play as Kratos and indirectly as his son , Atreus , as the two make their way past mythological beasts to reach the top of the mountain spread the ashes of Atreus ’ mother .
Fans of the series get to see Kratos develop from the rage - filled god whose sole aim is to destroy everything in his path into a father - figure trying to teach his son the harsh truths of the world , while also keeping his past a secret .
The story differs greatly from the standard God of War model , which led to the developers changing the gameplay from hack - and - slash to featuring more tactical , but very satisfying combat system centred around Kratos ’ new Leviathan
Axe as well as super powered foot - and - fist fighting .
The way that the player sees the game is also very different , with an over - the - shoulder free camera being used over the traditional cinematic view .
It is also the first 3D triple - A game to take place within one shot , which goes a long way towards fully immersing you in the story and the action .
A truly momentous creation , God of War won Game of the Year and Best Game Direction at The Game Awards 2018 , cementing the Norse - themed action - adventure game among the very best console games ever made .
Slot Games of the Year 2018
The online casino industry continues to grow in popularity each year , currently standing as one of the biggest forms of online gaming .
Although many people will try their hand at blackjack , roulette , or any other land - based casino classic which has made its way to the internet , the biggest draw , by a very long way , is the selection of slot games .
Every week , more and more slot games are released by the many top developers to meet the huge demand for these games .
But now and then , a slot manages to hold onto its audience , be it down to its exciting gameplay , impressive graphics , or winning power , making a long - lasting impression on gamers .
In 2018 , three games proved themselves to be wildly popular , earning the appraisal of gamers and industry critics .
Two of these games were released during the year , but the other was released a few years ago , got lost along the way , somewhat , and then bounced back incredibly last year .
So , let ’s get stuck into the slots that proved themselves to be the very best of 2018 .
3. Dazzle Me
Originally released by NetEnt in 2015 , Dazzle
Me experienced a relatively average start to life in the slot libraries , eventually slipping down the list as more games were released .
But , early in 2018 , the spinners started to play the game again , increasing its popularity a great deal for it leave an undeniable mark on the year .
It ’s not surprising that the game took off in the way that it did , given that its theme is quite common across slot games and does n’t stand out as one with a pop-culture theme does .
But with 76 paylines , a jackpot of 152,000 coins , medium variance , and an RTP of 96.9 per cent , it ’s very easy to see why players discovering the game last year decided to stick around for more .
Dazzle
Me may feature classic symbols like gems , golden bells , and lucky sevens , but its unique 3 - 3 - 4 - 4 - 5 layout of the reels makes it a very different game to the so - called classic slot machines .
Even with this layout , it ’s the features which demand the most attention , with the randomly - triggered Dazzling Wild Reels and free spin-activated Linked Reels boasting tremendous win-potential .
2. Diamond Mine
Blueprint Gaming ’s Diamond Mine features the incredibly popular Megaways structure , under license from Big Time Gaming , which has earned a huge following over the years for its inclusion of many , many ways to win .
In Diamond Mine , the cascading symbols allow for each spin to have up to 117,649 paylines .
Released in May 2018 , Diamond Mine quickly proved to be one of the most exciting and varied slot games of the year .
With transforming mystery symbols , scatters which trigger free spins , an unlimited multiplier deployed within the free spins , scatters within free spins to trigger more free spins , and dynamite wilds to enhance your chances of landing a win , there ’s certainly a lot going on in Diamond Mine .
The slot is filled with lanterns , pickaxes , prospectors , and diamonds to give you the real old west feel as you dig for riches , with much of the excitement coming from these symbols cascading .
Whenever there ’s a win , the winning symbols explode to make way for more symbols from above or to the right , which can lead to wins on top of wins .
Diamond Mine ’s payline - filled layout of 7 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 8 - 7 , the jackpot of 250,000 coins , and its RTP of 96.43 per cent make it an almighty slot game , one deserving of recognition as one of the very best creations of last year .
1. Jammin’ Jars
The glory of Jammin ’ Jars is in its vibrant colours , refreshing way to play , and genuinely exciting features .
Stepping away from the video slot standard of three rows , five reels , and left - to - right pays , Push Gaming has created an eight - by - eight gaming grid for you to spin for the win .
Every spin is filled with aesthetically pleasing sheets of colour provided by its strawberry , raspberry , orange , blueberry , plum , and apple symbols , which reward wins when five or more of each are touching horizontally or vertically .
Then , whenever a win lands , the symbols are zapped away to leave spaces for more symbols and potentially more wins .
It ’s this style of play that enables players to feel the excitement on every spin , even if the first column does n’t reveal any of the highest paying symbols .
As is the case with the vast majority of modern video slots , Jammin ’ Jars also boasts some features to give you a boost while you play .
The adorable Jam Jar is the wild symbol but it also plays as a win-multiplier , which increases each time the symbol is involved in a win , and the game ’s free spins - unlocking scatter symbol .
While the regular game is both exciting and rewarding , the free spins feature takes Jammin ’ Jars to another level .
In the free games of this 96.8 per cent RTP , 10,000 - coin jackpot slot , Jam Jars which contribute to wins randomly move to another position and then hold in place when the next spin takes place .
You can also keep an eye out for the Rainbow Feature .
This randomly triggered bonus can occur after any non-winning round and will add giant fruit symbols to the game for an enhanced chance at winning .
Jammin ’
Jars is a beautiful game that ’s packed with fruit - filled excitement , placing it as the best slot game of 2018 .
California ’s administration of the death penalty is “ close to collapse ” and would require massive new state spending or changes in sentencing laws to end decades of delay and dysfunction , a state commission reported Monday .
The findings , by the California Commission on the Fair Administration of Justice , grew out of the first comprehensive look at the state ’s death penalty in the 30 years since capital punishment was restored in California .
Santa Clara University law professor Gerald Uelmen , executive director of the commission , called the report “ kind of like poking a stick in a hornet ’s nest ” but said he hoped it would provoke debate .
The 22 - member commission , created by the state Senate to recommend improvements in the criminal justice system , included prosecutors , defense lawyers , victims advocates and police .
Advertisement
Although commissioners were unanimous on some core issues , including that nearly $ 100 million in additional annual spending was needed for reform , they strongly disagreed on others , and the report was accompanied by several dissenting statements .
In one , five law enforcement commissioners complained that the majority was “ seeking to undermine public confidence ” in the death penalty and that the report “ unmistakenly reveals a personal bias ” against capital punishment .
Eight other commissioners wrote a separate report calling for abolition of capital punishment .
Four signed a statement saying “ the time may be right ” for a ballot measure to end the death penalty and alternately proposed limiting capital offenses to less than 10 % of first - degree murders .
Advertisement
Monday ’s report said that 87 % of all such murders in California now carry a possible penalty of death .
In polls , Californians have supported capital punishment by a margin of 2 to 1 and have repeatedly voted to toughen sentencing laws .
The main report did not advocate abolishing the death penalty but did note that California could save more than $ 100 million a year if the state replaced the punishment with sentences of life in prison without possibility of parole .
Death row prisoners cost more to confine , are granted more resources for appeals , have more expensive trials and usually die in prison anyway , the commission said .
The time from death sentence to execution in California is 20 to 25 years , compared with the national average of 12 years , the commission said .
Thirty inmates have been on death row more than 25 years , 119 for more than 20 years and 240 for more than 15 , according to the report .
The state spends about $ 138 million a year on the death penalty and has executed 13 people over the last three decades , the commission said .
Advertisement
“ The system ’s failures create cynicism and disrespect for the rule of law . . . weaken any possible deterrent benefits of capital punishment , increase the emotional trauma experienced by murder victims ’ families and delay the resolution of meritorious capital appeals , ” the commission concluded .
The commission learned of “ no credible evidence ” that the state had executed an innocent person but said the risk remained .
Fourteen people convicted of murder in California from 1989 through 2003 were later exonerated .
Six death row inmates who won new trials were acquitted or had their charges dismissed for lack of evidence .
Among the panel ’s findings :
* A 1978 voter initiative that expanded the kinds of murders subject to the death penalty dramatically increased the number of death sentences in the state .
In the year before passage of the so - called Briggs Initiative , seven people were sentenced to death .
By 2000 , death sentences were averaging 32 a year .
They have since leveled off to about 20 a year .
Advertisement
* California ’s death row inmates whose sentences or verdicts were later overturned waited an average of 16.75 years for their reprieves .
* Seventy - nine death row inmates have not obtained lawyers to handle their first appeals , which are by law automatic , and 291 inmates lack lawyers to bring constitutional challenges based on facts that the trial courts did not hear .
It takes inmates an average of 12 years to obtain a state high court ruling on their first appeals .
* The California Supreme Court has such a backlog that only one appeal from a conviction after 1997 has been resolved .
* California does not meet the federal standard for paying private lawyers to handle death cases , and the state ’s method of paying these attorneys -- sometimes with flat - fee contracts -- violates American Bar Assn. standards .
Advertisement
Since the death penalty ’s restoration , 40 death row inmates have died of natural causes , 14 have committed suicide and 98 have left death row because their convictions or sentences were overturned , according to figures by the commission and the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation .
The state now has 673 inmates on death row .
The commission recommended that lower courts should hear appeals and constitutional challenges of death sentences to take pressure off the California Supreme Court , which now is the only state court to decide such appeals .
There are currently at least 21 circumstances that qualify a defendant for the death penalty .
One of the most frequently used in California is felony murder , in which a person is killed during the course of another felony , such as a robbery , the report said .
The death penalty can be given to anyone who participated in the robbery , not just the person who did the killing .
If the state chooses to reduce the number of qualifying offenses for death , the sentences of inmates whose crimes would no longer be punishable by execution should be commuted to life without possibility of parole , the commission said .
Advertisement
“ Taking this step would actually have little impact for the death row inmates involved , ” the commission said .
“ Most of them will never be executed but will die in prison . ”
Reaction to the report was mixed , with supporters of the death penalty more critical .
Kent S. Scheidegger , legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation , said he was disappointed that the commission failed to recommend other measures that would reduce delays , including limiting inmate appeals and holding attorneys to tight deadlines .
But he agreed with some of the commission ’s proposals .
“ Nobody has ever been satisfied with the way things are , and people on the pro-death penalty side are just as dissatisfied as the anti- side , perhaps more , ” Scheidegger said .
Advertisement
Natasha Minsker , death penalty policy director for the ACLU of Northern California , said she was surprised that the diverse commissioners were unanimous in deciding that an additional $ 100 million a year was needed to reform the system .
But she doubted the state would follow through because “ that means spending money we do n’t have . ”
Several of the commissioners who advocated abolishing the death penalty complained that it was too costly , biased by race , geography and income , prone to error and failed to consider an inmate ’s possible redemption .
The commission , established four years ago , went out of business Monday with the issuance of its final report .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has vetoed three bills that grew out of the commission ’s previous recommendations .
Another bill became law .
Other commission proposals could be implemented without the need for legislative action .
Advertisement
Commission director Uelmen predicted it would take five to six years before the commission ’s legacy was known .
Borrowing a line from a former New Jersey chief justice , Uelmen added : “ The criminal justice system is not a sport for the short - winded . ”
--
maura.dolan@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
$ 138 million :
The amount the state spends per year on the death penalty .
13 : The number of convicts who have been executed since 1978 .
Advertisement
673 : The number of inmates on California ’s death row -- the largest in the nation .
--
On the panel
Members of the California Commission on the Fair Administration of Justice :
Advertisement
* John K. Van de Kamp , former California attorney general , chair
* Jon Streeter , criminal defense lawyer , vice chair
* Diane Bellas , Alameda County public defender
* Harold O. Boscovich Jr. , retired director of a victim / witness program
Advertisement
* William Bratton , chief , Los Angeles Police Department ( represented by Gerald Chaleff )
* Jerry Brown , California attorney general ( represented by Scott Thorpe , Janet Gaard and Donald DeNicola )
* Ron Cottingham , Peace Officers Research Assn. of California
* Glen Craig , former Sacramento County sheriff
Advertisement
* Pete Dunbar , chief , Pleasant Hill Police Department
* Jim Fox , district attorney , San Mateo County
* Allen Freehling , executive director , Human Relations Commission , Los Angeles
* Michael Hersek , California state public defender
Advertisement
* Curtis Hill , sheriff , San Benito County
* Bill Hing , law professor , UC Davis
* Michael P. Judge , public defender , Los Angeles County
* George Kennedy , former district attorney , Santa Clara County
Advertisement
* Michael Laurence , Habeas Corpus Resource Center
* Alejandro Mayorkas , former U.S. attorney , central district of California
* John Moulds , judge , Sacramento
* Kathleen Ridolfi , law professor , Santa Clara University
Advertisement
* Douglas Ring , developer and attorney , Santa Monica
* Greg Totten , district attorney , Ventura County
Executive director : Gerald F. Uelmen , law professor , Santa Clara University
How different the world might look now if President Bush and his advisers had sat around his desk in the Oval Office and settled on the phrase : " Axis of Unbearably Odious " or " Axis of Hatred " .
But they rejected those and instead plumped for " Axis of Evil " .
And the rest is history .
So begins the script to Oliver Stone 's upcoming film , W , which begins filming this month and will be produced at lightening speed .
Stone , a director with a keen eye to publicity and no aversion to controversy , is thought to want to bring the movie 's 2009 release date forward to push it into cinemas before the November presidential elections and certainly before Bush quits the White House on January 20 .
Stone has gone on record to insist that the film will be an accurate and fair portrait of Bush the man , though the conundrum that he poses in the film carries , it must be said , a degree of top spin .
In Stone 's own words , the film will address the question : " How did Bush go from being an alcoholic bum to the most powerful figure in the world ? "
The part of Bush will be played by Josh Brolin , no stranger to Texan roles having been in the Coen brothers ' Oscar - winning No Country for Old Men .
Elizabeth Banks of Spider Man and The 40 - Year - Old Virgin is expected to play the first lady .
A wealth of detail into the approach Stone will be taking in W ( pronounced in true Texan style " dubya " ) has been revealed by ABC News which has read an early copy of the screenplay .
The news outlet describes it as a " warts - and - all portrayal " of the president , though judging by its account of the script it might more accurately be called a " warts - and - yet - more - warts " portrait .
But then , judging by his previous presidential efforts , Nixon and JFK , historical objectivity has never been one of Stone 's personal hang - ups .
The writing team appears to have pored through a by now considerable library of books and magazine articles on Bush and plucked out all the tastiest rumours and juiciest morsels of gossip .
There are plenty of Bushisms in the script , and scenes of him drinking vodka and orange cocktails .
His early relationship with the elder George Bush is depicted as problematic at best .
When his father confronts him about his drinking after he crashes his car , the younger George Bush replies : " Mr Perfect .
Mr War Hero. Mr Fucking God Almighty . "
The father features heavily too in the latter half of the screenplay , by which time Dubya has put his drinking behind him and entered the world of politics .
Stone , a vocal critic of the Iraq war , applies cod psychology to the president 's motivations for the invasion , according to ABC 's account of the screenplay .
After the elder Bush 's defeat in 1992 at the hands of Bill Clinton , his son tells him he would still be in the White House if he'd gone on to topple Saddam Hussein at the end of the first Gulf War .
When the current president is asked in 2002 what his focus on Saddam is all about , he replies : " You do n't go after the Bushes and get to talk about it .
Ya got me ? "
Just two days after August 29 , 2005 , when Hurricane Katrina smashed into New Orleans , architectural wunderkind Daniel Libeskind was already overflowing with ideas about how to restore the city .
Libeskind — he of the 1,776 - foot “ Freedom Tower ” for New York ’s Ground Zero— compared New Orleans with postwar Berlin , which had “ in a daring way developed . . . into the 21st century . ”
As for a “ theme ” for a rebuilt New Orleans , Libeskind mused to the New York Times , “ What could be more creative than jazz ? ”
Mercifully , New Orleans is n’t erecting any saxophone - shaped skyscrapers as it recovers from the hurricane , which left 80 percent of its surface area — a swath seven times Manhattan ’s size — inundated with floodwaters and drove nearly all of the city ’s 455,000 residents from their homes .
New Orleans has rebounded remarkably since then .
As of January , it boasted 302,000 residents , with 2,000 more returning each month , according to data crunchers at GCR & Associates , an information - systems firm .
( In early 2006 , the city ’s official planners had figured that just 247,000 people would be home by September 2008 . )
New Orleanians have achieved much of this success by doing what New Yorkers could n’t do after 9/11 : ignoring the potentates and eggheads hankering to turn devastation into conceptual art .
They ’ve been building and rebuilding on their own or with small - scale help , rather than under top - down decree — and , in the process , showing that thousands of individual planners are better than one master .
True , a strong government role was necessary at first to set the stage for New Orleans ’s progress .
Federal agencies , especially the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) and the Army Corps of Engineers , worked with contractors to clear millions of tons of debris from lawns and streets , unclog waterways , and provide trailers so that New Orleanians could live in their driveways while fixing their houses .
They also repaired levees and are working on upgrading flood - control infrastructure in general — crucial steps in making homeowners more confident about weathering future hurricanes .
But government , while critical for acute recovery , has n’t driven the long - term rebuilding work .
That ’s not to say that it has n’t tried .
Just weeks after Katrina , the city unveiled a panel called Bring New Orleans Back ( BNOB ) , charged with drawing up ambitious recommendations for everything from public transportation to schools .
The panel comprised an equal number of black and white luminaries , from an archbishop to a famous jazz musician to a university president to a top real - estate developer .
But it quickly became reviled for asking the city to prohibit rebuilding in low - lying neighborhoods — which are vulnerable to flooding — that did n’t first “ prove their viability . ”
Still more infamous were its “ green dots , ” markers on maps that seemed to suggest turning some low - lying areas where people already lived into parks .
“ There is a large green dot over our homes , ” one resident fumed at a crowded town - hall meeting in January 2006 , according to New Orleans ’s Times - Picayune .
“ I will sit in my front door with my shotgun , ” promised another homeowner .
Nothing was wrong with encouraging New Orleanians to favor higher ground as they built and rebuilt .
But trying to do so by government decree , rather than through gentler incentives as well as targeted infrastructure and public services investments , was a losing proposition .
A few months later , Mayor Ray Nagin — looking toward reelection , cowed by public outrage , and stifled by his own administration ’s lack of follow - through — abandoned any huge effort to plan neighborhoods .
“ Rebuild at your own risk , ” he told citizens .
As late as April 2007 , Times - Picayune columnist Stephanie Grace was still lamenting the “ curse of the green dot ” as the cause of politicians ’ paralysis and pinning her hopes on a more modest second round of planning .
But by then , it was too late : self - reliant New Orleanians had already taken Nagin at his word .
One of them was Father Nguyen The Vien , a Roman Catholic priest in a Vietnamese - American enclave of the badly flooded New Orleans East .
Vien and his largely working - and middle - class parishioners showed that after a disaster , neighborhood and church connections can mean the difference between reconstruction and abandonment .
“ It ’s not the city that determines we are going to build , ” Vien says .
“ I ca n’t ask the city to get everything lined up and [ only then ] I ’ll come home . ”
Stranded in Houston after Katrina , Vien racked up nearly $ 1,000 in cell - phone bills staying in touch with his 6,300 parishioners , and he held meetings in a Houston community center , where a grassroots plan was born .
Starting in early October , after New Orleans ’s government reopened their neighborhood , Vien and his flock repaired their church ’s relatively minor damage and began using it as a base — a place to eat , sleep , and use restrooms as they tackled their own houses .
Many even lived near one another in trailers on a property across from the church .
Five weeks after the hurricane , Vien celebrated his first post - flood Mass , showing people worried about being the only family on the block how many residents were returning .
Vien also used numbers to lobby for public services .
“ I went to see Entergy , ” the electricity company , “ on October 19 , and told [ the representative ] ‘ we need electricity , ’ ” Vien says .
“ He said he needed to justify the load , because he could n’t take power from populated areas .
He said , ‘ Give me a list of households so I can go before the board and make the argument . ’ ” Vien brought a list of 500 — enough to get the power back on .
By early 2008 , he says , 95 percent of his parishioners were home and the trailers were gone .
“ We are done with recovery and [ are now ] working on development , ” says Vien , including launching a charter school and wooing hospitals to set up clinics nearby .
Lakeview is an upper - middle - class neighborhood that , like New Orleans East , rose in the twentieth century and is more vulnerable to flooding than older neighborhoods on higher ground .
As Lakeview residents started to come back in early 2006 and rebuild homes ravaged by more than ten feet of water , they relied heavily on existing institutions .
Martin Landrieu , an attorney , lifelong New Orleanian , and officer of the Lakeview Civic Improvement Association , echoes Vien ’s outlook : “ What ’s first is schools and churches . ”
Landrieu calls the opening of Catholic schools beginning in January 2006 “ critical ” because “ the driving force for most families was getting kids into some semblance of order .
People said , ‘ If I can get my kids settled into a routine , I can work on other things . ’ ” Evacuated neighbors , many living an hour or more away , also drew reassurance from Lakeview ’s First Baptist Church , which put up a map in early 2006 so that residents could stick a pin over their blocks to declare that they were committed to coming home .
When the hated green - dot plan spurred residents to “ prove our viability , ” Landrieu notes , neighbors rose to the challenge , launching 72 committees on everything from grass - cutting to covering swimming pools so that citizens would n’t feel that they were returning to abandonment .
“ People were coming out of the woodwork to see what they could do to help , ” says Landrieu .
Saint Paul ’s Episcopal School also opened a resource center offering residents cleaning equipment and information on hiring contractors .
By the summer of 2006 , people were returning in earnest .
When Landrieu moved back into his home about a year after Katrina , he had five or ten neighbors in a three - to four - block area ; six months later , the population had quadrupled .
Today , 44 percent of Lakeview ’s population is back , according to GCR — a particularly significant accomplishment because so many of its properties were totaled , meaning that residents were returning not to recoup the value of houses but to build new ones from scratch .
An even higher success rate is happening in Broadmoor , a hard - hit neighborhood with more black residents than white and household incomes that range from poverty - level to the high six figures .
There , over 70 percent of households have returned — partly because the great majority had flood insurance , partly because the neighborhood ’s historic houses hold up relatively well to storms , but also because of the Broadmoor Improvement Association , which worked tirelessly to contact displaced residents and convince them that they would have plenty of company and support in rebuilding .
Broadmoor shows that neighborhoods with strong institutions do n’t have to be ethnically cohesive , like the Vietnamese - American pockets of New Orleans East , or wealthy , like Lakeview , to recover .
While small , neighborhood - based organizations have helped spur recovery in places like New Orleans East , Lakeview , and Broadmoor , larger institutions like New Orleans ’s Preservation Resource Center ( PRC ) are playing a big role , too .
Dedicated to fixing up historic properties , PRC realized that its traditional mission took on new importance after the hurricane .
“ People were coming back to flooded , moldy houses , ” says executive director Patricia Gay .
So a few weeks after Katrina , PRC began holding workshops on how to eradicate mold , providing free cleaning supplies and lists of contractors .
The group also began bus tours to convince evacuees that damage was fixable , launched online groups so that returning homeowners could learn from one another , and started a “ selective salvage ” operation , working with FEMA to save historic doors , windows , and moldings from houses too far gone to fix .
“ I do n’t believe this city is disposable , ” says PRC ’s Kristin Palmer , who runs one of PRC ’s rehab programs .
PRC ’s pre-Katrina rehabilitation of low - income and elderly homeowners ’ historic houses assumed new urgency after the storm .
So far , the effort has brought 72 families home .
“ We cluster homes , do three , four , five houses on the same street , ” says Palmer , in order to create confidence that historic neighborhoods are coming back .
PRC also fixes up and resells vacant historic properties , which tend to be less vulnerable to storms , since they ’re sturdier than modern homes and are located in older neighborhoods that flood less regularly and drain more quickly than newer ones do .
Last year , restaurant manager Heather Lolley moved from Lakeview to one of PRC ’s lovingly refurbished properties , a $ 132,000 house on the higher ground of historic Holy Cross .
Her new home is made of “ bargeboards , ” water - resistant wood planks that were once part of a boat that traveled down the Mississippi .
PRC has n’t entirely stuck to its pre-Katrina playbook , however , partly because of a stubborn economic fact : New Orleans ’s houses were cheap before the storm only because their construction was paid for long ago .
Returning New Orleanians , including renters , need houses , but substantially rehabbing flooded properties or building them from scratch at $ 130 per square foot can be unaffordable for citizens of modest means .
What to do ?
PRC took a market approach , endorsing something that may sound unusual for a preservation group : “ kit - built ” houses .
After Katrina , local firm Wayne Troyer Architects joined forces with architect Andrés Duany to design five models of a “ Katrina Cottage ” that would fit into the long , narrow lots of comparatively high - ground Holy Cross .
The cottages follow traditional New Orleans home designs , so as not to harm the neighborhood ’s historic character ; meet 140 - mile - per - hour wind - speed codes ; and are made of materials resistant to mold , rot , and termites .
PRC has gotten on board , winning approval from New Orleans ’s Historic District Landmarks Commission to build the cottages , and it will break ground on the first four as City Journal goes to press .
Thanks to PRC ’s volunteer labor and the low cost of materials for mass - produced kits , the organization hopes to build brand - new houses for under $ 70 per square foot .
Pam Bryan , who runs PRC ’s construction program , notes that the kits are available at Lowe ’s home - improvement stores for $ 36,000 to $ 40,000 , so that returning residents who are n’t working with PRC can buy them , too .
Urban planners are n’t wrong when they see in disaster an opportunity to try something new .
Katrina has afforded local architects and their clients just such an opportunity , both in severely flooded areas and elsewhere .
But they ’re seizing it with their own money and property , not with public funds .
Architect Byron Mouton is finding that his middle - class and affluent clients are doing the different in pursuit of the practical .
In Gentilly , a neighborhood of mostly twentieth - century homes that took seven feet of water , one client , an artist , wanted a new flood - resistant house like the one his neighbor is building , with a bottom floor raised at least a story off the ground , but could n’t afford the $ 30,000 to $ 40,000 extra charge .
The architect ’s solution : a “ disposable ” first floor that the client will use for nonessential purposes .
In Mouton ’s design , the second floor contains the kitchen , art studio , and living space , as well as an ample porch so that the artist wo n’t be cut off from the outdoors .
In other twentieth - century neighborhoods , some homeowners are similarly designing ground floors as “ floodable ” car garages or children ’s play spaces .
Mouton is also a Tulane University architecture professor who runs a program called URBANbuild , in which students design and build modern , hurricane - resistant , but affordable houses in New Orleans ’s most run-down neighborhoods — areas that were n’t severely flooded but that were already so blighted that they look as though they were .
This approach to siting may seem counterintuitive , but Mouton reasons that it may encourage New Orleanians to invest in higher - ground neighborhoods lost to crime and decay .
( Fear of crime and blight is precisely why so many citizens fled to newer , lower - lying developments long before Katrina . )
It ’s jarring to see the sleek , ultramodern house that the students completed in Central City , a neighborhood so beleaguered by crime that residents display thou shalt not kill admonitions behind their barred windows .
Raised about five feet off the ground , the house combines elements of an elevated , New Orleans–style cottage with those of a Manhattan - style loft and is enclosed by a spacious , hardy deck .
Mouton has had trouble finding a qualified buyer willing to take a chance on the neighborhood .
He was more successful with URBANbuild ’s first home , in the Treme neighborhood , which police officer Timothy Holmes bought for about $ 150,000 .
Holmes has no illusions : the year before Katrina , his mother was killed at the Treme restaurant she managed in a quadruple robbery - murder .
But he ’s giving it a try , saying that “ positive people need to stay . ”
Naydja Bynum of the Historic Faubourg Treme Association says that Holmes ’s house “ looks like a spaceship . ”
Certainly , no one would want a New Orleans composed entirely of URBANbuild homes .
But residents who look askance at these alien newcomers should be grateful that no master planner is deploying them on a huge scale ; those that work will be repeated , and those that do n’t wo n’t .
New Orleanians are free to choose .
Habitat for Humanity has launched and executed one of New Orleans ’s most ambitious post - Katrina building projects , conjuring up a whole neighborhood on five square blocks of the Upper Ninth Ward .
Habitat bought the site , an eight - acre area where a long - abandoned school had stood , with financial assistance from homegrown musicians Harry Connick , Jr. and Branford Marsalis , who also suggested making it a “ musicians ’ village ” to bring scattered artists home .
With 50,000 volunteers — including waves of students every spring break since Katrina — Habitat is completing 72 houses on its “ core site ” and is working on 70 more nearby .
Though Habitat has kept costs under $ 80 per square foot , even including what paid labor it uses , it has taken a no - nonsense approach to structural integrity .
Walking through half - built Habitat houses , you think that they could already stand up to anything : deeply driven pillars support their elevated foundations , and their structural elements are reinforced with concrete and steel .
Jim Pate , Habitat New Orleans ’s executive director , boasts that the 101 homes that the organization had completed before Katrina suffered no structural damage , even though some had to withstand walls of water .
The Habitat homes fit neatly into their surroundings — they are “ consistent with the culture , ” as Pate says — although their newness and freshness is startling against their weather - beaten neighbors .
Like those neighbors , the Habitat houses are New Orleans shotguns ( long , narrow houses with each room the full width of the house ) .
All have full porches and , for the volunteers ’ safety , slightly less steep versions of New Orleans ’s signature pitched roofs .
And Habitat is n’t just respecting its surroundings ; it ’s improving them , connecting roads and other infrastructure and building a playground and musicians ’ center .
The surrounding working - class neighborhood can rest assured that Habitat is n’t inflicting an underclass on it .
One day , a concerned couple who owned a nearby house but still had n’t decided to return stopped Pate to ask if he was building subsidized housing .
Pate explained the system : Habitat makes sure that prospective buyers will be able to keep up with costs ; those buyers have to put in “ sweat equity , ” working on their own houses or on others ; and then they must pay their own ( admittedly below - market - rate ) mortgages , insurance , and other costs .
The reassured couple decided to move back .
Actor Brad Pitt , with far less experience , rivals Habitat when it comes to ambition : he ’s donated money and embarked on a fund - raising campaign to build 150 houses for property owners whose homes were utterly destroyed in a hard - hit Lower Ninth Ward tract .
Pitt ’s team , Make
It Right , has n’t yet broken ground , but its plan seems sound so far , especially its reliance on the market to find out what works and what does n’t .
Make
It Right held a competition for architects , accepting designs for elevated , mold - resistant , flood - resilient , energy - efficient houses that met strict wind - speed codes , contained attic escape hatches , and fit on tiny lots — all for $ 150,000 .
Contestants found 13 different ways to meet those specs , including one lovely design by local firm Billes Architects , with detailed window frames and moldings , a shaded raised porch to blunt the effect of the five - foot elevation , and a gently sloped roof .
To keep air - conditioning costs down , Billes ’s design favors northern exposures ; to assure structural integrity , its pilings go down 20 feet , a vast improvement over much of the cheap slab - on - grade construction that dominates the Ninth Ward ’s twentieth - century blocks .
A few competing concepts are just as good , while others are outlandish — but here , too , each homeowner will be able to choose the design that he likes .
Make
It Right ’s spokesperson , Virginia Miller , notes that homeowners are adamant that “ it ’s not a giveaway . ”
While the program will subsidize costs , families will bring a “ large chunk ” to the table — the details of how much have n’t been worked out yet — and must be able to afford insurance and maintenance .
Pitt is n’t using Katrina as an excuse to take on the city ’s still - intractable social problems .
In one crucial way , New Orleans ’s modern history of weak , ineffectual government helped it recover after Katrina .
Though the BNOB luminaries drew up their plan swiftly , nobody had the political will , knowledge , or resources to enforce it .
Property owners could show what they thought of the plan — and of various other utopian schemes bandied about by the nation ’s architectural giants — by ignoring them .
This approach — or better , lack of one — differs markedly from the reaction to the nation ’s other recent large - scale disaster , the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
In New York , the state government , which had a long history of centrally planning huge projects , quickly monopolized control over rebuilding .
Ground Zero , unfortunately , seemed the perfect opportunity for such a project .
After all , the World Trade Center had been built as a government scheme 30 years before the attacks , and the towers ’ single leaseholder , real - estate investor Larry Silverstein , sweated under immense political pressure to cooperate with the government in its ambitious reconstruction plans .
Six and a half years later , Ground Zero is still an early - stage construction site .
Worse , what ’s eventually built there could be a white elephant .
In New Orleans , by contrast , though the city and feds can still screw up the sites that they control , including now - vacant housing projects , they ca n’t define the whole reconstruction process .
Enterprising homeowners can experiment with what works , rather than being stuck with some starchitect ’s vision for the next century .
And it will be fascinating , in a decade or so , to see if one or another approach has fared better than the others : Mouton ’s enticing new homeowners to bad neighborhoods on higher ground and hoping that others follow ; Habitat ’s adding entire blocks to a working - class neighborhood ; or Pitt ’s luring evacuated low - income homeowners back to one of the hardest - hit and least - rebuilt parts of the Lower Ninth Ward .
New Orleans ’s returning residents have performed heroically , demonstrating that restoring neighborhoods is a job far better suited to citizens and organizations than to government .
But certain tasks are the government ’s responsibility .
For one thing , the city should work with Katrina - ravaged neighborhoods to snuff out blight .
Many New Orleanians worry about the “ jack - o’ - lantern effect , ” in which so many abandoned houses crumble alongside rebuilt ones that the street looks like a gap - toothed grin .
But managed well , abandonment does n’t have to be a plague .
“ People think having three houses on a block is a bad thing , ” says Steven Bingler , a local architect .
“ Well , some people like to live in a hamlet . ”
Programs like the city ’s tentative Lot Next Door initiative — in which neighbors could buy condemned , abandoned property at cut -rate prices from the state and city governments and use them as big yards — could mean the difference between blighted and bucolic for neighborhoods that may become less dense .
But the government ’s single most important task is protecting citizens from violent crime in a city that was dangerous before Katrina and is more so now ( see “ Baghdad on the Bayou , ” Spring 2007 ) .
Further , New Orleans will never persuade functional working - class and middle - class citizens to move into crime - ridden neighborhoods on higher ground unless it can effectively police those neighborhoods ; in past decades , people have proved that they ’d rather take their chances with high water than with hellish crime .
At a Harvard - sponsored symposium this January , one resident of a fragile neighborhood , Saint Roch , said that the previous week , he had been out “ enjoying the amenities ” — a refurbished green space provided by the city ’s much - scaled - down rebuilding commission .
Then he was mugged at gunpoint .
New Orleanians are bringing their city back .
But if their government can’t do what it should do , they are n’t going to stick around .
What almost no one here knew was that behind the scenes , Mr. Icahn had been conducting an extraordinary round of secret negotiations with Steve Ballmer , the C.E.O. of Microsoft , the result of which was yet another Microsoft offer for Yahoo .
The new bid from Microsoft and Mr. Icahn spilled into public view Saturday night .
Yahoo quickly rejected it .
For good reason .
The deal was so ridiculous  it called for Yahoo to sell its search business to Microsoft and for Mr. Icahn to take over the board of what was left of the company after assets were spun off and dividends paid out  that when the moguls here started to learn the details , it actually began to change the perception of Mr. Yang ’s predicament .
Think about it : “ What global company in their right mind formally teams up with Mr. Icahn ? ” as one invitee asked .
Mr. Icahn may be a brilliant investor  he actually does n’t get enough credit or respect for that  but let ’s be honest , he does n’t use a computer , let alone know how to run Yahoo .
And what does it say about Microsoft ?
The notion that Yahoo ’s board would sell the crown jewel , its search business , to Microsoft and then hand over the scraps of the company to Mr. Icahn is , as Roy Bostock , Yahoo ’s chairman , said , “ absurd and irresponsible . ”
( The war of words continued with Mr. Icahn firing back on Monday : “ I have yet to see a company distort , omit and twist events and facts in the manner that Yahoo has done . ”
Separately , Microsoft claimed its proposal “ did not include changes to Yahoo ’s governance , ” though that ’s exactly what its partner , Mr. Icahn , was calling for . )
Mr. Yang may once have looked like an entrenched founder unwilling to sell the company , but now it is Microsoft that has those in the deal - making world wondering about its judgment .
“ At this point , it ’s embarrassing , ” one technology C.E.O. whispered just out of earshot of Bill Gates .
“ Ballmer should either buy the company or forget it . ”
The previous post described [ motherboards and the memory map ] memory - map in Intel computers to set the scene for the initial phases of boot .
Booting is an involved , hacky , multi-stage affair - fun stuff .
Here ’s an outline of the process :
Things start rolling when you press the power button on the computer ( no! do tell ! ) .
Once the motherboard is powered up it initializes its own firmware - the chipset and other tidbits - and tries to get the CPU running .
If things fail at this point ( e.g. , the CPU is busted or missing ) then you will likely have a system that looks completely dead except for rotating fans .
A few motherboards manage to emit beeps for an absent or faulty CPU , but the zombie - with - fans state is the most common scenario based on my experience .
Sometimes USB or other devices can cause this to happen : unplugging all non-essential devices is a possible cure for a system that was working and suddenly appears dead like this .
You can then single out the culprit device by elimination .
If all is well the CPU starts running .
In a multi- processor or multi-core system one CPU is dynamically chosen to be the bootstrap processor ( BSP ) that runs all of the BIOS and kernel initialization code .
The remaining processors , called application processors ( AP ) at this point , remain halted until later on when they are explicitly activated by the kernel .
Intel CPUs have been evolving over the years but they ’re fully backwards compatible , so modern CPUs can behave like the original 1978 Intel 8086 , which is exactly what they do after power up .
In this primitive power up state the processor is in real mode with memory paging disabled .
This is like ancient MS - DOS where only 1 MB of memory can be addressed and any code can write to any place in memory - there ’s no notion of protection or privilege .
Most registers in the CPU have well - defined values after power up , including the instruction pointer ( EIP ) which holds the memory address for the instruction being executed by the CPU .
Intel CPUs use a hack whereby even though only 1MB of memory can be addressed at power up , a hidden base address ( an offset , essentially ) is applied to EIP so that the first instruction executed is at address 0xFFFFFFF0 ( 16 bytes short of the end of 4 gigs of memory and well above one megabyte ) .
This magical address is called the reset vector and is standard for modern Intel CPUs .
The motherboard ensures that the instruction at the reset vector is a jump to the memory location mapped to the BIOS entry point .
This jump implicitly clears the hidden base address present at power up .
All of these memory locations have the right contents needed by the CPU thanks to the memory map kept by the chipset .
They are all mapped to flash memory containing the BIOS since at this point the RAM modules have random crap in them .
An example of the relevant memory regions is shown below :
The CPU then starts executing BIOS code , which initializes some of the hardware in the machine .
Afterwards the BIOS kicks off the Power - on Self Test ( POST ) which tests various components in the computer .
Lack of a working video card fails the POST and causes the BIOS to halt and emit beeps to let you know what ’s wrong , since messages on the screen are n’t an option .
A working video card takes us to a stage where the computer looks alive : manufacturer logos are printed , memory starts to be tested , angels blare their horns .
Other POST failures , like a missing keyboard , lead to halts with an error message on the screen .
The POST involves a mixture of testing and initialization , including sorting out all the resources - interrupts , memory ranges , I/O ports - for PCI devices .
Modern BIOSes that follow the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface build a number of data tables that describe the devices in the computer ; these tables are later used by the kernel .
After the POST the BIOS wants to boot up an operating system , which must be found somewhere : hard drives , CD - ROM drives , floppy disks , etc .
The actual order in which the BIOS seeks a boot device is user configurable .
If there is no suitable boot device the BIOS halts with a complaint like “ Non-System Disk or Disk Error . ”
A dead hard drive might present with this symptom .
Hopefully this does n’t happen and the BIOS finds a working disk allowing the boot to proceed .
The BIOS now reads the first 512 - byte sector ( sector zero ) of the hard disk .
This is called the Master Boot Record and it normally contains two vital components : a tiny OS - specific bootstrapping program at the start of the MBR followed by a partition table for the disk .
The BIOS however does not care about any of this : it simply loads the contents of the MBR into memory location 0x7c00 and jumps to that location to start executing whatever code is in the MBR .
The specific code in the MBR could be a Windows MBR loader , code from Linux loaders such as LILO or GRUB , or even a virus .
In contrast the partition table is standardized : it is a 64 - byte area with four 16 - byte entries describing how the disk has been divided up ( so you can run multiple operating systems or have separate volumes in the same disk ) .
Traditionally Microsoft MBR code takes a look at the partition table , finds the ( only ) partition marked as active , loads the boot sector for that partition , and runs that code .
The boot sector is the first sector of a partition , as opposed to the first sector for the whole disk .
If something is wrong with the partition table you would get messages like “ Invalid Partition Table ” or “ Missing Operating System . ”
This message does not come from the BIOS but rather from the MBR code loaded from disk .
Thus the specific message depends on the MBR flavor .
Boot loading has gotten more sophisticated and flexible over time .
The Linux boot loaders Lilo and GRUB can handle a wide variety of operating systems , file systems , and boot configurations .
Their MBR code does not necessarily follow the “ boot the active partition ” approach described above .
But functionally the process goes like this :
The MBR itself contains the first stage of the boot loader .
GRUB calls this stage 1 .
Due to its tiny size , the code in the MBR does just enough to load another sector from disk that contains additional boostrap code .
This sector might be the boot sector for a partition , but could also be a sector that was hard - coded into the MBR code when the MBR was installed .
The MBR code plus code loaded in step 2 then read a file containing the second stage of the boot loader .
In GRUB this is GRUB Stage 2 , and in Windows Server this is c:\NTLDR .
If step 2 fails in Windows you ’d get a message like “ NTLDR is missing ” .
The stage 2 code then reads a boot configuration file ( e.g. , grub.conf in GRUB , boot.ini in Windows ) .
It then presents boot choices to the user or simply goes ahead in a single - boot system .
At this point the boot loader code needs to fire up a kernel .
It must know enough about file systems to read the kernel from the boot partition .
In Linux this means reading a file like “ vmlinuz - 2.6.22 -14 - server ” containing the kernel , loading the file into memory and jumping to the kernel bootstrap code .
In Windows Server 2003 some of the kernel start - up code is separate from the kernel image itself and is actually embedded into NTLDR .
After performing several initializations , NTDLR loads the kernel image from file c: \Windows \System32
toskrnl.exe and , just as GRUB does , jumps to the kernel entry point .
There ’s a complication worth mentioning ( ie , I told you this thing is hacky ) .
The image for a current Linux kernel , even compressed , does not fit into the 640 K of RAM available in real mode .
My vanilla Ubuntu kernel is 1.7 MB compressed .
Yet the boot loader must run in real mode in order to call the BIOS routines for reading from the disk , since the kernel is clearly not available at that point .
The solution is the venerable unreal mode .
This is not a true processor mode ( I wish the engineers at Intel were allowed to have fun like that ) , but rather a technique where a program switches back and forth between real mode and protected mode in order to access memory above 1MB while still using the BIOS .
If you read GRUB source code , you ’ll see these transitions all over the place ( look under stage2 / for calls to real_to_prot and prot_to_real ) .
At the end of this sticky process the loader has stuffed the kernel in memory , by hook or by crook , but it leaves the processor in real mode when it ’s done .
We ’re now at the jump from “ Boot Loader ” to “ Early Kernel Initialization ” as shown in the first diagram .
That ’s when things heat up as the kernel starts to unfold and set things in motion .
The next post will be a guided tour through the Linux Kernel initialization with links to sources at the Linux Cross Reference .
I ca n’t do the same for Windows ;) but I ’ll point out the highlights .
[ Update : cleared up discussion of NTLDR . ]
185 Comments
DFC : PS3 will surpass the Xbox 360 in 2009 DFC Intelligence believes that the installed base of current consoles will exceed that of the last gen in 2011
Mark Androvich Tuesday 3rd June 2008
Share this article Share
In its May 2008 Dossier , DFC Intelligence is forecasting that the current generation of game consoles will exceed the installed base for the prior generation of consoles in 2011 .
The company revised its earlier forecast of an installed base of 180 million current generation consoles by 2012 based on strong 2007 sales and is not concerned with the possible effects of a slowing economy .
" Ironically , a slowing economy can actually help the game industry .
Videogames provide a high rate of entertainment return and high gas prices actually encourage people to stay at home and play games , " the report said .
Overall , the Wii will lead the current generation as it " has enormous momentum and appeals to the broadest audience . "
DFC also thinks that in 2008 the Wii could set the record for the most consoles sold in a single year due to continued demand .
Even so , DFC 's analysts note that most of the biggest software titles of the current generation - Halo 3 , GTA IV , Gears of War , Metal Gear Solid 4 - are n't available on the Wii .
Thus , for many third - party publishers , the more important race is between the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 .
Between these two , DFC forecasts that the PS3 will overtake the Xbox 360 in 2009 and finish in a strong second place behind the Wii .
Software sales for Sony 's console should surpass Wii software sales in 2012 according to their estimates .
" The Xbox 360 was unable to take advantage of Sony 's struggles to build the type of large lead needed to maintain a long - term advantage , " DFC said in its report .
DFC Intelligence assumes that new systems will launch in the 201-2013 time frame , based upon prior history , but it notes that this is all very hypothetical .
With the success of the Wii , Nintendo may not be in any hurry to launch a new system .
Given its losses , Microsoft may not decide to stay in games business .
And if Sony is serious about a projected 10 year life cycle for PS3 , it may not want to launch a successor any time soon .
Regardless of whether completely new systems will be released in that time frame - or if " new " game systems will simply be an extension of current systems with enhanced features and services - DFC Intelligence notes that the importance of consoles appears to be on the decline .
Not only was the PSP Sony 's best - selling hardware , but the Nintendo DS blew out records for hardware sales in a single year .
In addition , if online services are considered , the PC was the biggest revenue generator last year .
But surely , it could be argued , the mud in the Democratic race will be as much a drag on that party ’s eventual nominee as the incumbent president is on the G.O.P. ticket .
The counterargument , advanced by Mrs. Clinton in justifying her “ kitchen sink ” attacks on Mr. Obama , is that the Democrats are better off being tested now by raising all the issues the Republicans will .
It ’s a fair point .
The Wright , Rezko , Ayers , “ bittergate ” and flag - pin firestorms will all be revived by the opposition come fall .
Voters should indeed see how Mr. Obama deals with them , just as Democrats also need to gauge how the flash points of race and gender will play out in the crunch .
The flaw in Mrs. Clinton ’s refrain is her claim that she , unlike her challenger , has already been so fully vetted that her candidacy can offer no more unpleasant surprises .
“ I have a lot of baggage , and everybody has rummaged through it for years , ” she says .
Perhaps the delusion that she has a get - out - of - scandal - free card comes from her unexpected endorsement from Richard Mellon Scaife , the nutty Pittsburgh newspaper publisher who once spent a fortune trying to implicate the Clintons in the “ murder ” of Vince Foster .
Or perhaps she thinks Fox News will call off the dogs now that her campaign chairman , Terry McAuliffe , is appearing in network promos endorsing its “ fair and balanced ” shtick .
But the incessant praise for Mrs. Clinton ’s resilience as a candidate by Karl Rove , Pat Buchanan and William Bennett reveals just how eager they are to take her on .
The dealings of the Bill Clinton post - presidency , barely alluded to by Mr. Obama in his own halting bouts of negative campaigning , have simply been put on hold while the Democrats slug it out .
Close observers of The Wall Street Journal , The New York Post and Fox News can already read Rupert Murdoch ’s tea leaves , and not just those from China .
“ Clinton Foundation Secrets ” was the title of The Journal ’s lead editorial on Friday profiling a rogues ’ gallery of shady donors .
Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters would argue that she ’s so battle - tested she could fend it all off .
She ’s unlikely to get the chance .
For all the nail - biting suspense being ginned up , the probable denouement remains unchanged .
When the primary juggernaut finally ends  following picturesque day trips to Puerto Rico and Guam  the superdelegates will likely succumb to the math of Mr. Obama ’s virtually insurmountable pledged - delegate total .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
There ’s also a way that two super - superdelegates , the duo on the Democrats ’ last winning ticket , could trigger a faster finale .
Bill Clinton could do so by undermining his wife once more with another ill - timed , red - faced eruption .
Al Gore could possibly do so with a well - timed endorsement before his party gets mired in yet another Florida recount .
There ’s only one way this can end badly , no matter how long it lasts .
That would be if the loser , whoever it is , turns sore and fails to rally his or her troops around the winner .
It ’s all about “ the way the loser loses , ” as the Illinois Congressman Rahm Emanuel , who is neutral in the race , likes to say .
While the Clintons are capable of such kamikaze narcissism , their selfish desire to preserve their own political future , if not the party ’s , may be a powerful check on those impulses .
Productive living is all about being properly equipped .
Maintaining an essential set of useful tools is the key to the productivity kingdom .
The list below is by no means all - inclusive , but instead concentrates on the very basics , the essential supplies everyone should own .
Laptop Computer –
In most cases the desktop computer is dead weight .
The portability of a laptop provides you with the flexibility of using the whole world as your personal office space .
Some of my most creative ideas come to fruition while working remotely in fresh , stimulating environments .
4 Month Calendar –
Take a quick glance at the next four months in one clean shot .
A hard copy 4 month calendar is an indispensible tool for capturing an elevated view of a busy schedule .
Even better , you can make one for free .
Measuring Tape – Measuring things by the length of your hand or shoe is n’t exactly an accurate practice .
Get yourself a 25 foot retractable measuring tape that will be capable of handling all of your measuring needs .
Portable GPS – Being truly lost is not a fun feeling .
A GPS basically eliminates this possibility .
During a recent vacation to Costa Rica our Garmin GPS pretty much saved our rear ends on multiple occasions .
Cell Phone with Handsfree –
Why would any sane person drive one - handed while holding an odd shaped phone to their ear when they have the option to use a handsfree set ?
When I ’m forced to be on a long phone call , I like to get other things done at the same time .
My handsfree cell phone allows me to do this no matter where I am .
Hand Sanitizer – Because there is n’t a sink and bar of soap conveniently located outside of every drive - through window or various other snack time locations .
In my mind , hand sanitizer is a tool , a tool that prevents me from infecting my body with germs every single day .
Keep yourself healthy !
Sanitize your hands before you eat !
Multi-head Screwdriver – Take a look around .
I bet most of the manmade objects around you are being held together by screws .
Throughout your lifetime you ’re going to need to tighten a whole lot of them in all different sizes and varieties .
A decent multi-head screwdriver with a wide assortment of screwdriver heads is your best bet .
Pliers –
Your hands are not the most effective tool for gripping and maneuvering small objects .
That ’s where pliers come in handy .
One set of pliers will not do the trick either .
Likely , you will need a small assortment of pliers in various styles and sizes for different kinds of jobs .
You ’ll probably use needle - nose pliers most often , but heavy grooved pliers and wire cutting pliers will come in handy at times too .
Hammer –
The single greatest tool of all time .
The hammer has an infinite set of practical applications .
A good old 16 oz claw hammer will provide a lifetime of reliable service .
First Aid Kit – Human beings are not made of titanium .
When you or someone you care about gets injured , a basic first aid kit becomes the single most important thing you own .
Water Filter – People trade precious hours of their lives for dollars and then waste the dollars buying something that ’s already free .
This scenario represents the inverse of productivity .
A Brita water filter makes tap water taste just as good as anything you ’ll find at the grocery store , not to mention you ’ll be saving money every time you take a sip .
Various Types of Tape – Scotch tape , masking tape and duct tape … you need them all .
Tape may very well be the second greatest invention after the hammer .
Quality Sunglasses – Most people consider sight to be their most important sense .
Quality sunglasses protect the human eyes from being destroyed by the sun ’s ultraviolet radiation .
This radiation can lead to short - term and long - term ocular problems such as cataracts , blindness and various forms of eye cancer .
Wrist Watch with Alarm – A wrist watch does n’t have to be fancy .
Being able to tell the time and set an alarm for last minute reminders is the key .
It has been my experience that people who wear wrist watches are noticeably better at managing their time .
Extension Cord – Because an electrical outlet is not always where it should be .
How great will it be when household electrical power is transmitted wirelessly ?
Work Gloves – Unfortunately , human hands are covered with fragile skin just like the rest of the body .
Sometimes you need to use your hands to accomplish a task that requires a durability threshold beyond that of your exposed skin .
This is where a rugged set of work gloves saves you from a few days worth of blistering agony .
Flashlight –
What happens when the lights go out and its pitch dark ?
Always keep a bright , quality flashlight with a fresh set of batteries in both your home and automobile .
Rubber Bands – Rubber bands are simple , functional and versatile .
There is an endless list of practical uses for a rudder band .
Step Ladder –
If your name is n’t Shaquille O’Neil , you ’ll probably need a step ladder quite frequently throughout your lifetime .
A standard 6 foot aluminum step ladder should fit most people ’s needs .
Shop Vacuum –
The convenience of being able to instantly clean up wet and dry chunks of a hefty mess can be quite a priceless time saver .
A 16 gallon , 6.5 horsepower shop-vac will be capable of handling almost any major clean - up job .
Fire Extinguisher – This one is a no-brainer .
Completely useless until the moment the sh*t hits the fan and the house is burning to the ground .
If you do n’t own a fire extinguisher , you ’re being foolishly optimistic .
Earplugs – Earplugs are one of my favorite simple tools .
They allow me to concentrate on my work ( usually reading or writing ) when I am in the nosiest public environments imaginable .
They ’re also great when you ’re trying to catch some shuteye on a busy airline flight .
Heavy - duty Scissors – A heavy - duty pair of scissors capable of cutting through thick cardboard , packaging zip ties and other rugged materials is always a handy tool to have around .
Get a pair with a 9 – 10 inch serrated blade and you ’ll have the ability to cut through almost anything .
Leatherman –
This is the all - in - one multi - tool you should never leave home without .
These little tools can handle a wide plethora of different jobs .
I personally own the Leatherman 830039 and I love it .
Bungee Cords –
Tie things down , wrap things together …
Bungee cords are like giant rubber bands with hooks .
They ’re darn practical to have around when you need them !
Adjustable Wrench –
If screws are n’t holding it together then nuts and bolts almost certainly are .
You will eventually need to adjust the bolts on furniture , appliances , bicycles , etc .
A basic 3 - piece adjustable wrench set should fit the bill just fine .
Lightweight Cordless Drill – A cordless drill can be a pretty versatile tool .
Depending on the kinds of bits you buy , it could be used to drill various sized holes in various surfaces .
Or you could use it as an electric screwdriver .
Before you buy a portable drill , check the manufacturer warranty as well as the availability of parts .
Popular tool manufacturers such as Craftsman are your best bet .
Binder Clips – Binder clips are basically big paper clips with 4 times the holding strength and 10 times the versatility .
I use them regularly in the kitchen to keep the cereal fresh , in the office to hold large mounds of paper together and in the garage to keep various bags soil and fertilizer from spilling .
USB Flash Drive –
The most practical accessory for a computer , the USB flash drive pretty much killed off prehistoric floppy disks and CDRW discs .
A USB flash drive is a smaller , faster option with a lot more storage space .
Filing Cabinet – Unfortunately , paperwork has n’t completely vanished off the face of the planet just yet .
Maybe someday , but for now a small filing cabinet is still great place to organize all your important receipts , medical records , titles , etc .
Sixty per cent of Brazil could soon be off - limits to foreigners who do n't have special permission to visit the world 's largest tropical wilderness .
Those caught in the Amazon without a permit granted by the Military and Justice Ministry could face a fine of US $ 60,000 ( £ 30,000 ) .
According to the national justice secretary , Romeu Tuma , the aim is to prevent both foreign " meddling " and illegal activity .
It would cover all activities in the area Brazil considers the " legal Amazon " – including nature tours , business trips or visits to any cities across two million square miles .
" We want to establish the Amazon as ours , " Mr Tuma said .
" We want the world to visit the region .
But we want them to tell us when they 're coming and what they 're going to do . "
Brazil already requires government permission for non-Indians entering indigenous territories .
The new law would extend similar restrictions to foreigners throughout the Amazon region and reflects suspicions among conservative politicians and the military that foreign NGOs working to help Indians and save the rainforest are trying to wrest the Amazon 's riches away from Brazil .
Scientists and tour companies believe it will severely restrict their activities .
A father is a guide , a teacher , and a friend to his child .
He is the man who loves his children enough to allow them to make mistakes , so that they can learn a lesson from them .
A father is someone who does the right thing rather than the easy thing , and learns to say " No " when it is required .
A father is someone who resists the urge to catch you before you fall .
Instead he picks you up after you fall , and allows you to try all over again .
Yes , there is no doubt about the fact that a dad is indeed a gift from God Himself .
Fathers are unique , and the reason for fun and laughter at home .
No matter how old they get , dads retain that boyish and playful streak , which allows them to let the child take a ride on the shopping cart in the mall , or even try a hand at driving as they sit on his lap holding the steering wheel .
It is not that he is not scared for you .
He is .
But he also knows it is important to let you grow up .
Fathers are just like mothers .
Their love for the children is as unconditional and as subliminal as a mother's .
Dads love their children even when they are at their worst .
Loving is not an option for them .
When he is correcting your mistakes it is not because it irks him ; it is because he wants you to be a better human being .
Father 's Day is a day for family .
It is the day when children living with parents do special things to honour their dads .
Children living away try and be with their dad on that day or at least make the day special through phone calls and gifts .
Father 's Day Ideas
1 . If he is interested in sports , get ticket for a sports event and go along with him to watch it .
It need not be on the same day .
Remember , the gesture is more important .
2 . If your father plays any game , join him that day for a game .
It can be a round of golf , tennis , badminton , fishing etc .
Sweat it out together and see the bond getting stronger .
3 . Boys will be boys .
Take your father to an amusement park and see the thrill that he feels .
You will be amazed at how much he enjoys it .
4 . If you are girl , you can take your father for paintball or bowling .
Let the warrior in him find a space , and there is nothing like a little friendly battle of generations to express love .
5 . Go Karting is another fun option to spend the day with your dad .
Let him forget about the inhibitions of family safety and go wild with speed on the tracks .
Father 's Day Gift Ideas
1 . Make a scrap book with memories penned down and pictures of some of your precious moments of togetherness .
2. Personalised t shirts , coffee mugs , photo frames , accessories with the message " the best dad in the world "
3 . Books are anyone 's best friends .
If you can lay your hands on the paperback edition of a book your father wants to read or loves reading time and again , then nothing like it .
4 . Buy him the membership to a gym .
Help him keep fit .
5 . Book a day at the spa for him .
He will love being pampered .
6. Sponsor a " boys day out " of your father along with his friends to any place of their choice .
Father 's Day Handmade Gift Ideas
1. Convert any plastic box , like chocolate boxes , into a tool box complete with nuts , bolts and a small screw driver , which he will surely find handy next time your mom calls out to fix a leaking tap .
2 . Make a homemade car wash kit with all the supplies in one place .
You can use a small cardboard box , cover it with a colourful paper , decorate it with glitters , and put the supplies in it .
3 . Make your own atlas tea coasters .
Cut small circles from a cardboard .
Take an old atlas and cut out the places that your dad has been to or wants to go in the same circular shape and size .
Stick them onto the cut out card oard pieces .
Your dad will just love them .
4 . Take an old cloth hanger .
Fix hooks in a row at the lower rung of the hanger .
This can be used by your dad to hang ties .
Father 's Day Celebration Ideas
1 . Start the day with the fragrant surprise
Let him wake up to the fragrance of flowers … gift him a bunch of beautiful roses .
A handmade card if tagged along with a short poem scribbled by you for him in your best ever handwriting would give his day an ideal start .
Express your affection , care and concern for him …just as he does for you every other day of the year .
Read the poem aloud while you hug him tightly to say that he is the biggest support of your life !
2. Prepare with your own hands his favourite breakfast and lunch
This would be immensely overwhelming for him .
Organise a small leisure outing for him , go to the countryside or to a sea shore or to any other nature - bound serene location .
Play his favourite music as you drive for him on this day .
Go fishing together , play badminton , perform a song , and play guitar .
Do not forget to capture all these memories in your camera .
As you reach back home , bake a cake especially for him , bring him his favourite champagne and snacks .
Keep yourself at bay from attending phone calls of your friends and fellows .
Such distractions spoil the fun .
Keep your presence exclusively for him .
Keep the later part of the evening reserved for a heartfelt conversation session with him .
Take every opportunity to tell him how special is his love , strength and support for you .
Narrate to him instances that prove how his mentoring and guidance have helped you evolve into a better human being , and how best you are trying to make him proud of yourself .
Share your life ’s small secrets with him , update him about all matters concerning your life , something which you could not do all the while he was busy with work .
And while he expresses how he feels , shoot a video .
This session would surely overwhelm him and work for him as the biggest form of rejuvenation .
3. Throw Surprise Party
Throwing surprise parties are quite clichéd ways of celebrating father ’s day .
Let ’s try to be different this time .
How about planning a surprise rejuvenating day for him ?
Considering your father works rigorously hard to make life comfortable for you , it is now time to let him know that you are indeed grateful to him …and that you want him to have a superb relaxing time exclusively with you , your mom and your siblings on this day .
4. Arrange Party Games
Father 's
Day is a day to show your father how much he means to you and how everything he does is appreciated .
Selecting a few games and including them in your Father 's Day party guarantees heaps of fun .
It would for sure be a day to remember for a long time .
5. Make Photo Album
Father ’s Day Gifts for First Time Dads
Create a photo album of special moments from the past year with Dad .
Show your dad your chow much you love with a digital photo album that you post online or a physical album that you present to him on Father ’s Day .
Add captions to each picture for added fun .
It ’s not a bad idea , hence , to let your father know on this finicky occasion of father ’s day that he is very close to your heart .
Fathers are a God sent gift .
He is someone you look up to no matter how tall you grow .
With Father ’s Day just around the corner , here are a few ideas for gifts for the first time dads .
Remember , a new father goes through every anxiety and worry for the new born baby that the mother goes through .
He just does not show it .
Here are a few ideas to make him feel special :
Call his friends over , order pizzas , and disappear .
You will be surprised how relaxed he will be after some time with the boys .
Along with you he has also spent many sleepless nights trying to put to sleep a colicky baby .
Why not book a day at the spa for him where he can relax and rejuvenate ?
Buy customized jerseys of his favorite sport for the baby and the father .
Buy a more masculine baby bag in a solid color without flowers and cartoons so that the next time you have to go out he does not feel embarrassed carrying a frilly bag .
Take the imprint of the new father ’s and the baby ’s hand prints on a slab of wet plaster of Paris .
Once dried you can paint a quote saying “ friends for life ” on it , and add a photograph of father and child .
The new father is sure to cherish the gift .
Get the grandparents to baby sit .
And go out with the new father .
Make it a special date .
Dress up .
Look beautiful .
And have a great time romancing each other .
Give him a photo album with photographs ranging from courtship days to the birth of the baby .
Make the new father special .
After all he has made your life special by gifting you with the most precious gift in the whole wide world .
Father 's Day Instagram Captions
Thanks for always offering me a shoulder to cry on , and a bad joke to laugh at .
Dad , you may be getting old , but your style never does .
Thanks for showing people my babies pictures still Dad , you ’re officially embarrassing .
Love you
Not all heroes wear capes .
Mine wears cargo shorts .
My dad gives Superman a run for his money .
Behind every great man / woman is an even better father .
Sorry everyone else , I have the best dad in the world .
Dad , you 're in all my favorite memories .
Dad , you 're the cool parent .
But I 'll deny it if you tell Mom .
In honor of Father 's Day , I promise to laugh at all of your jokes .
Dad , I can never repay you .
Literally .
I know raising me was n't easy but you did a great job .
Dad , thanks for saying " yes " whenever Mom said " no . "
You tell the best , bad jokes .
Thanks for killing all those spiders .
Here 's to one of my favorite parents !
Is Father 's Day on the same date every year ?
Father 's day date changes days year - to - year .
It always falls on the third Sunday in June .
The day celebrates father figures , among them biological fathers , stepfathers , foster fathers , grandfathers , and great - grandfathers .
Which is correct Father 's Day or Fathers Day ?
Although the holiday honors all father figures , the day is known by its singular possessive , that is , Father 's Day .
Who was the founder of Father 's Day ?
Father 's Day was founded by Sonora Smart Dodd , in Spokane , Washington at the YMCA in 1910 Its first celebration was in the Spokane YMCA on June 19 , 1910 .
Her father , the Civil War veteran William Jackson Smart , was a single parent who raised his six children there .
Why is Father 's Day celebrated ?
Father 's
Day is celebrated to recognize the contribution of fathers and father figures in the lives of their children .
This day celebrates fatherhood .
Although it is celebrated on different dates worldwide , many countries observe this day on the third Sunday in June .
Is Father 's Day a Federal Holiday ?
It is not a federal holiday .
Government offices , organizations , businesses , and banks remain open .
Hotels and restaurants tend to be busier as families treat their fathers on this day .
Father 's Day Movies
We can celebrate the festival of father 's day with good food , gifts , thoughtful messages , cards , songs and of course , movies .
The section of Father 's day movies in our website is totally dedicated to to those movies which have successfully portrayed the different characters and roles of father .
Here is a list of some of the movies on fathers , have a look at them to select one , that you feel , you can thoroughly enjoy with your dad .
Father of the Bride
Initial release : 20 December 1991 ( USA )
Director : Charles Shyer
Music director : Alan Silvestri
Starring : Steve Martin , Kimberley Payne Williams , Diane Keaton , Martin Short and Kieran Culkin
About : A light - hearted entertainer , this amazing movie explores different issues that is associated with parenthood , family interaction , marriage etc .
The movie manages successfully to capture the thoughts of a worried father .
My Father the Hero
Initial release : 4 February 1994 ( USA )
Director : Steve Miner
Music director : David Newman , Michael Muhlfriedel
Starring : Gerard Depardieu , Katherine Heigl , Dalton James , Lauren Hutton and Faith Prince
About :
This movie was released in the year 1993 .
This movie showcases the tribulations of a father when he was accompanying his daughter to a distant tropical island .
This funny movie will certainly bring a big fat smile on your face .
The Godfather
Initial release : 14 March 1972 ( New York City )
Director : Francis Ford Coppola
Featured song : Speak Softly Love
Starring : Marlon Brando , Al Pacino , James Caan , Robert Duvall , Diane Keaton , Talia Shire , Al Lettieri , Sterling Hayden and John Cazale
About :
The movie was released in the year 1972 , and it bagged 10 Academy Awards .
The story mainly revolves around a Mafia family and wonderfully depicts crime from all possible angles .
This Is My Father
Initial release : 8 January 1999 ( Ireland )
Director : Paul Quinn
Starring : James Caan , John Cusack , Aidan Quinn , Moya Farrelly , Stephen Rea and Colm Meaney
About :
This interesting movie brilliantly tells the story about an ill - fated romance and its impact over the succeeding generations of a particular family .
The story mainly revolves around a Chicago schoolteacher who was in search of his real father .
Father and Son
Initial release : 12 September 2003 ( Russia )
Director : Alexander Sokurov
Music director : Andrey Sigle
Starring : Andrej Shetinin , Alexei Nejmyshev and Alexander Rasbash
About :
This movie was directed by award - winning Russian filmmaker , Alexander Sokurov .
He made this movie as a complementary piece to his previous movie titled ' Mother and Son ' .
This movie reflects an ambiguous relationship of a father and son .
Father 's Day
Initial release : 9 May 1997 )
Director : Ivan Reitman
Starring : Robin Williams , Billy Crustal , Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Nastassja Kinsi and Charlie Hofheimer
About :
This movie revolves around locating a teenager who runs away from home to follow a rock band .
It was directed by Ivan Reitman and was released in the year 1997 .
Kramer vs. Kramer
Initial release : 19 December 1979 ( USA )
Director : Robert Benton
Starring : Meryl Streep , Dustin Hoffman , Justin Henry
The Royal Tenenbaums
Initial release : 5 October 2001 ( USA )
Director : Wes Anderson
Starring : Bill Murray , Gwyneth Paltrow , Owen Wilson , Gene Hackman
He Got Game
Initial release : 1 May 1998 ( USA )
Director : Spike Lee
Starring : Ray Allen , Denzel Washington , Michael Jordan , Milla Jovovich
Like Father , Like Son
Initial release : 17 September 2013 ( Tokyo )
Director : Hirokazu Koreeda
Starring : Masaharu Fukuyama , Machiko Ono , Lily Franky
My Life
Initial release : 12 November 1993
Director : Bruce Joel Rubin
Music director : John Barry
Starring : Nicole Kidman , Michael Keaton , Queen Latifah
Bicycle Thieves
Initial release : 24 November 1948 ( Italy )
Director : Vittorio De Sica
Starring : Enzo Staiola , Lamberto Maggiorani , Lianella Carell , Gino Saltameren
Paper Moon
Initial release : 16 May 1973 ( New York City )
Director : Peter Bogdanovich
Starring : Tatum O'Neal , Madeline Kahn , John Hillerman
I 've stopped development on peppy , after many years of faithful service .
I have n't had time to update it to a more current version of wxPython , and that old version is not available on newer platforms without a lot of effort .
Source code is still available on github .
I have moved to Sublime for text editing , because its extensions are in python !
I do n't like the fact that it is n't open source , but I have n't found an open source alternative that is extensible in python .
Atom seems like a reasonable open source editor , but writing extensions in Javascript is not for me .
If I create any Sublime extensions worth mentioning to make it operate more like peppy , I will include references to them here .
Los Angeles , 2019 *
Image : © The Blade Runner Partnership / courtesy Warner Home Video * Was n't Blade Runner supposed to depict a bleak , dystopian future ?
Someone really should tell Sonny Astani .
The 55 - year - old real estate mogul is planning to bring 2019 Los Angeles to life in the form of two 14 - story animated billboards modeled on Ridley Scott 's opening sequence .
" I saw Blade Runner at least five times , " says Astani , whose empire encompasses thousands of Southern California apartment units .
" The billboards always struck me . "
Astani's signs will appear on the sides of adjacent condo towers being constructed in downtown LA .
The idea , pending city approval , is to install hundreds of rows of LEDs , each spaced 6 inches apart , across the buildings ' floor - to - ceiling windows .
Residents will be able to see out , but viewed from a distance the pixel - like lights will coalesce into an image .
Now if only he could get some kind of android workforce to build them .
Los Angeles , 2009START
Previous : Why Medicine Should Care Less About " Sick , " More About " Normal " Next : WTF ?!
Yep , the Dutch Have Turned a Nuclear Dump Into Award - Winning Art
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
( Dagbladet.no ) : Har du forsøkt å åpne en Microsoft Office - fil i det siste , for eksempel et Word - dokument , uten å lykkes ?
Da har du muligens hatt ditt første møte med Microsofts nye filformat med den kryptiske betegnelsen Office Open XML ( OOXML ) , som benyttes i selskapets Office 2007 - pakke .
I går marsjerte nerdene i Oslos gater i protest mot at OOXML er blitt ISO - godkjent som en såkalt åpen standard , på tross av sterke innvendinger fra blant andre norske IT - fagfolk .
OOXML er Microsofts mottrekk til konkurransen fra fri programvare som OpenOffice , og den generelle bevegelsen i IT - industrien mot åpne standarder og åpen kildekode .
PROBLEMET ER at det allerede finnes en annen ISO - godkjent åpen standard for redigerbare dokumenter , kalt OpenDocument format ( ODF ) .
Denne støttes av blant andre OpenOffice , den ledende gratiskonkurrenten til Microsoft Office , samt av Google Docs , av IBM Lotus Symphony og av mange i den raskt voksende fri programvare - bevegelsen .
Som far til en 11 - åring som jevnlig må levere skolearbeidet via skolens nettløsning i form av Word- , Excel - og PowerPoint - dokumenter , mottok jeg med glede nyheten om at regjeringen har bestemt at det er de åpne standardene ODF ( for redigerbare dokumenter ) , HTML ( for webløsninger ) og PDF ( for ikke - redigerbare dokumenter ) som skal benyttes i offentlig sektor fra 2009 .
At offentlig sektor skal bruke åpne standarder og helst gratis programvare ut mot vanlige brukere , i stedet for å basere seg tungt på dyre løsninger fra en enkelt programvareleverandør med en monopolliknende markedsposisjon , er åpenbart det eneste riktige .
Det er nesten utrolig i hvilken grad offentlig sektor i Norge til nå har vært Microsoft - dominert .
Nå som OOXML er ISO - godkjent , er skrekkscenariet at vi fortsatt kan bli sittende fast i klisteret på ubestemt tid .
DET KAN FORT SKJE hvis fornyingsminister Heidi Grande Røys etter en nærmere evaluering legger OOXML til på lista over standarder som skal brukes i skolen og det offentlige ellers .
To konkurrerende standarder for redigerbare dokumenter vil skape forvirring , og fjerne mye av incitamentet for å bytte ut Microsoft - programvare med gode gratisalternativer .
IKKE KOMPATIBEL : Norske skolebarn har lenge fått problemer hvis de ikke har hatt Microsoft Office hjemme .
Det samme har brukere av en rekke andre offentlige tjenester .
Nå må fornyingsminister Heidi Grande Røys verne om de nye , åpne standardene hun har bestemt skal gjelde i skolen , mener Dagbladet.nos kommentator .
Foto : SCANPIX Vis mer
OOXML er åpent dokumentert , og således en standard i ordbokas ene betydning av ordet :
Et dokument som angir regler og retningslinjer for en aktivitet el. for resultatet av den .
Men ordet standard har også en annen betydning : Normal , vanlig .
Når noe er blitt en standard , er det alment utbredt og akseptert .
Det er ikke OOXML .
Om ODF har rukket å bli det , kan nok også diskuteres .
Men ODF har bredere aksept og støtte , og har sånn sett større potensiale til å bli den dokumentstandaren vi trenger .
At det finnes en konverteringsløsning mellom OpenOffice og OOXML med en rekke begrensninger , og at marginale produkter som NeoOffice og Zoho Writer støtter OOXML , rokker ikke ved det faktum at dette per i dag primært må sees som en Microsoft - standard .
ISO - SERTIFISERINGEN
av OOXML blir neppe reversert , slik enkelte av gårsdagens demonstranter tok til orde for .
Men det fratar ikke fornyingsminister Heide Grande Røys muligheten til å vise IT - politisk styringsvilje ved å holde OOXML ute av lista over standarder som skal brukes i den norske forvaltningen .
Konkurranse er ofte sunt , og Microsoft må selvsagt få kjempe for sin markedsposisjon .
Men å innføre OOXML som en standard i forvaltningen , vil være å hjelpe selskapet til å opprettholde en samfunnsmessig usunn markedsdominans .
Det er en sjelden glede å kunne siterere Frid Ingulstad .
Som hun påpeker i et innlegg mot OOXML i Aftenposten i dag , er filformatene bærere av all informasjon i vår moderne verden .
Da sier det seg nesten selv at det er uheldig å binde den nasjonale og globale kunnskapsdelingen i nettverkssamfunnet helt eller delvis opp til et format dominert av en enkelt programvareprodusent .
At norske 10 - åringer skal føle seg som skoletapere hvis mamma og pappa ikke har Microsoft Office på hjemme - PCen , er ikke en moderne kunnskapsnasjon verdig .
( CNN ) --
The economy is the No. 1 issue on the minds of American voters , and Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama offer vastly different plans to improve it .
Sen .
John McCain says it's his goal to get the economy " running at full strength again . "
McCain told a group of small - business owners Tuesday that his goal as president will be " to get our economy running at full strength again . "
The senator from Arizona is attempting to paint Obama as a typical Democrat who wants to raise taxes and regulate government , charging that Obama would institute the largest tax increase in more than 60 years .
Obama is telling voters that McCain 's economic plan " amounts to a full - throated endorsement of George Bush 's policies . "
Speaking at the National Small Business Summit in Washington , McCain laid out the differences between his economic proposals and Obama 's plan .
" On tax policy , health - care reform , trade , government spending and a long list of other issues , we offer very different choices to the American people , " he said .
" No matter which of us wins in November , there will be change in Washington .
The question is , what kind of change ? ...
Will we enact the largest single tax increase since the Second World War , as my opponent proposes , or will we keep taxes low for families and employers ?
...
This election offers Americans a very distinct choice about what kind of change we will have . "
Obama kicked off his two - week campaign swing Monday focusing on the economy .
His tour takes him through battleground states that will be up for grabs in November .
Watch Obama 's plan for the economy »
Obama blasted McCain 's economic plan as a " continuation of Bush economic policies : more tax cuts to the wealthy , more corporate tax breaks , more mountains of debt and little to no relief for families struggling with the rising costs of everything from health care to gas prices to a college education . "
McCain said Tuesday that " under Sen .
Obama 's tax plan , Americans of every background would see their taxes rise : seniors , parents , small - business owners . "
iReport.com : How is the economy treating you ?
In response to McCain 's speech , Obama said McCain 's prescription for the economy is " wrong for the country " and McCain 's characterization of his plan is " just wrong . "
" Let me be clear .
My tax reform plan would cut taxes for 95 percent of workers .
... I 've said that John McCain is running to serve out a third Bush term .
But the truth is , when it comes to taxes , that 's not being fair to George Bush , " Obama said .
Watch Obama compare McCain to Bush »
Obama said Monday that lawmakers should inject an additional $ 50 billion into the economy .
" Such relief can't wait until the next president takes office .
...
That 's why I 've called for another round of fiscal stimulus , an immediate $ 50 billion to help those who 've been hit hardest by this economic downturn , " Obama told a crowd in Raleigh , North Carolina .
He said he supports the expansion and extension of unemployment benefits , as well as a second round of tax rebate checks .
The economy is likely to be at the center of the race for the White House .
According to a CNN poll released last week , it 's the most important issue for voters in deciding whom to vote for , topping Iraq , health care , terrorism and immigration .
And the issue could n't be more polarizing .
McCain and Obama represent opposite ends of the economic spectrum .
McCain is a classic fiscal conservative who believes in a smaller government that should lower taxes .
Obama thinks the government should play a more active role in leveling the field for lower income workers .
McCain thinks the government should boost the economy by having lower tax rates , which would in turn increase savings .
He supports making permanent the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 , and he wants to repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax .
That tax was put in place to make sure the wealthy paid personal income tax , but it now causes many middle - class Americans to pay higher federal taxes than they used to .
Obama puts more of a focus on the budget deficit .
He would keep the Bush tax cuts in place for most Americans , but not for those who make roughly $ 250,000 a year or more .
He would also get rid of income taxes for seniors making less than $ 50,000 annually .
McCain thinks the best way to deal with the deficit is by scaling back government spending .
He proposes a one - year freeze on discretionary spending to assess which programs should stay and which should go .
He has also said he would demand that Congress eliminate earmarks .
Obama has said he wants to cut earmarks to levels no greater than they were in 2001 and reinstate so - called pay - as - you - go rules , under which lawmakers cannot pass spending measures or tax cuts without paying for them by making cuts to other programs or raising an equal amount of money .
The two presidential candidates also offer different solutions for dealing with unemployment .
Obama thinks the government should help create jobs .
McCain thinks corporate taxes should be cut so businesses have more money to hire new workers .
On the housing and mortgage crisis , McCain would consider greater intervention by the federal government to limit effects of mortgage crisis if current measures fail .
He believes a government bailout should be a last resort .
Obama proposes creating a $ 10 billion fund to help prevent foreclosures and eliminating some taxes and fees for families who must sell their homes .
He would also provide tax credits to 10 million middle class homeowners who struggle with mortgage costs .
McCain also pushes the idea of suspending the federal gas tax for the summer , but Obama has called that plan a gimmick .
CNNMoney.com 's Jeanne Sahadi and CNN's Ali Velshi contributed to this report .
All About National Economy • John McCain • Barack Obama
Would a John McCain presidency be a Bush third term ?
Senator McCain says yes , while Senator McCain says no :
Jeralyn liked this diary :
I work with the system I have .
Not the one I dream .
So my key is this : who will most work to reduce suffering ?
Or , to express it in positive terms , who will work most to realize that ageless dream , expressed by Emile Zola through Jean Macquart : " All I ask is a quiet life and happiness and prosperity for all " ?
At this time , in this place , the answer to that is the Democrats .
Barack Obama .
And that is why I am here .
I am a dog soldier for Democrats .
I can only shake my head .
As Instapundit notes , someone is going to be disappointed .
By Big Tent Democrat , speaking for me only
Climate change will lead to a " fortress world " in which the rich lock themselves away in gated communities and the poor must fend for themselves in shattered environments , unless governments act quickly to curb greenhouse gas emissions , according to the vice - president of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( IPCC ) .
Mohan Munasinghe was giving a lecture at Cambridge University in which he presented a dystopic possible future world in which social problems are made much worse by the environmental consequences of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
" Climate change is , or could be , the additional factor which will exacerbate the existing problems of poverty , environmental degradation , social polarisation and terrorism and it could lead to a very chaotic situation , " he said .
The scenario , which he termed " barbarisation " was already beginning to happen , he said .
" Fortress world is a situation where the rich live in enclaves , protected , and the poor live outside in unsustainable conditions .
" If you see what is going on in some of the gated communities in some countries you do find that rich people live in those kind of protected environments .
If you see the restrictions on international travel you see the beginnings of the fortress world syndrome even in entering and leaving countries , " he said .
The Sri Lankan - born expert on climate change and sustainable development was delivering the annual Clare College Distinguished Lecture in Economics and Public Policy .
He said the IPCC 's fourth assessment in 2007 predicted that developing countries would be hit hardest by climate change , especially rising sea levels .
" One of the most distressing aspects is that developing countries are the most vulnerable to climate change and the poorest people will be the hardest hit .
This is in fact rather unfair because they had least to do with the problem – apparently they will pay the biggest costs , " he said .
Bangladesh , for example , could lose 17 % of its land – mostly highly populated areas – to rising seas , according to Munasinghe .
But , he was positive about international efforts to tackle the problem .
" I tend to be optimistic because I believe this can be done through rational processes , but I also feel that the consequences of failure are unimaginable and that 's really the bottom line . "
DIGG THIS
In their war against liberty , no propaganda is too ham - fisted for Our Rulers .
Witness this gem from Sunday ’s Washington Post Magazine .
It describes the " the Watch Floor … at the Transportation Security Operations Center … " in Herndon , Virginia , a clearinghouse for rumors , hearsay , and gossip : " Data from more than 450 federalized airports and 19,000 general aviation airfields feed into the Watch Floor . "
Basically , if a screener does n’t like the way you look , talk , or pack your suitcase , someone on the Watch Floor hears about it .
Colonial Americans silenced tattlers by tying them to a stool and dunking them in water ; now we give them free run of the airport and " $ 24,432 to $ 42,135 annually plus additional locality pay " to rat out their betters .
Once the " data " wends its way from concourses and planes to the Watch Floor , more snitches try to determine whether your five ounces of cologne and my six ounces of shampoo add up to some dire plot .
Yep , men old enough to know better waste their days and our taxes on this lunacy .
Yet the Washington Post Magazine portrays them as competent , good - hearted , heroic patriots who ’ve dedicated themselves to " prevent[ing ] another 9/11 . "
If you suspect that so thorough a whitewash requires operatic overwriting and almost as many words as War and Peace , you ’re right .
But fear not , dear reader : I waded through the sludge so you do n’t have to .
Calling it the " Watch Floor " is uncharacteristic candor from the Feds because watching us is exactly what they do there .
" Though run by DHS [ Department of Homeland Security ] , the Watch Floor houses representatives from the Department of Defense , Department of Transportation , Secret Service , Capitol Police , FBI and FAA . "
If that convocation of cops does n’t set you a - tingle , consider this : the Air Force stands by , ready to shoot down your plane when these paranoid nuts give the word .
“ u2018 We ’re scrambling now ! ’ an [ Air Force ] officer said on a recent afternoon , running across the Watch Floor .
Scrambling fighter jets .
… u2018 We are not sentries .
It ’s more activist than that , ’ says Kip Hawley , administrator of DHS ’s Transportation Security Administration [ TSA ] , which manages the center .
u2018 Our job is not to sit and watch , but to stand and fight . ’"
Uh-huh .
That would explain the " television monitors with commercial cable service " in the Center ’s offices and workstations .
Naturally , all that not - sitting - and - not - watching - television makes a guy hungry .
Good thing the Center contains no less than seven kitchens complete with microwave ovens , icemakers , dishwashers , and refrigerators — two of which are " stainless steel Subzero models that cost more than $ 3,000 each . "
No need to stint on portions , either , because afterwards our " stander and fighter " can work it off in the Center ’s gym .
Ambling over there , he can savor the $ 500,000 - worth of artwork and silk plants that decorate the premises .
Or did : seems our fearless defenders are Philistines who promptly trashed the art in favor of family pictures .
Well , why not ?
They did n’t pay for it : we did .
Indeed , we shelled out $ 19 million for this palace , dubbed the " Freedom Center " by Our Orwellian Masters .
( OK , lighten up : they told the truth with " Watch Floor " ; you did n’t expect them to make honesty a habit , did you ? )
The TSA needed this space about as much as we need airport checkpoints since it already had a headquarters with a $ 410,000 " executive office suite . "
You ’ll probably also be pleased to learn that our warriors ditched these less - luxurious offices for their spiffy new digs a month early .
It cost us taxpayers only another " $ 400,000 to $ 600,000 to substantially complete the [ Center ] 30 days in advance of the original schedule . "
The DHS ’s Inspector General could n’t determine the precise surcharge thanks to the TSA ’s lack of paperwork — an oversight that usually lands the financial officers of a private company in hot water for fraud .
Meanwhile , the " facility operations officer " and two of his buddies used some of our money to buy themselves " furniture and personal items , such as loveseats , armoires , leather briefcases , and coffee pots . "
Thieves loaf on the sofas we buy them , but passengers who sneeze funny must explain themselves to the cops , thanks to the Watch Floor ’s finks .
Alas , you ’ll learn none of these scintillating details from the puff piece in the Washington Post Magazine .
It breathlessly concentrates instead on the Center ’s " respon[se ] to threats to mass transit , bridges , railways , vehicles and roads , pipelines , postal and cargo shipping , maritime matters and ports , and , above all , aviation . "
Goebbels must be laughing hysterically , provided that ’s possible in his ring of hell .
Sadly , most of the Magazine ’s readers probably are n’t as astute .
How to turn informants and Big Brother ’s spy room into something remotely sympathetic ?
The writer resorts to the hackneyed formula of personalization : she profiles Chan Browne , " a thickly built federal air marshal from Alabama " who works [ sic ] on the Watch Floor .
Chan is allegedly an " expert marksman , " which certainly puts him one up on his fellow marshals .
I ’m not sure why his prowess should comfort us , given that many Americans can no longer tell the business end of a gun from its butt — or their own , for that matter .
That ’s especially worrisome since air marshals already have one death to their credit : these goons slaughtered passenger Rigoberto Alpizar at Miami International Airport in December 2005 .
Far from haunting the piece , Mr. Alpizar is n’t even mentioned .
Rather , we ’re treated to a history of Chan ’s failed marriage and his current " relationship . "
Our Hero is a lovable guy .
He pampers his fiancée ’s little girl , packing her lunch and including a special note just for her .
He ’s a modern man — vulnerable , devoted , involved .
He also spies on his fellow citizens for a living , but hey , it ’s for their own good .
Chan takes neoconservative nonsense very seriously .
From the Watch Floor , he ’s ready to sic NORAD on a pothead at Los Angeles International when the poor kid bolts a checkpoint lest the TSA " detain " him for toking up .
Chan ’s boss has to counsel another eager beaver not to overreact to some " radar anomaly " since " a lot of times " it ’s only " a flock of birds " : " You could start a war ’ cause you ’re reading it on your BlackBerry and get only half of it … "
No kidding .
Ya think that ’s why the Founding Fathers severely limited government ’s power ?
Chan ’s " grave cheer " [ sic for " motto " ] on the Watch Floor is , “ We can not be wrong .
We have to be right . "
I ’d settle for Constitutional .
The Best of Becky Akers
By Dave Lindorff
On Monday last week , something important happened in Washington .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich , the Democratic representative from Cleveland , OH ,
who early in the primary season won some of the biggest applause lines
in the Democratic presidential candidate debates , introduced 35
articles calling for the impeachment of President George W. Bush for
high crimes and misdemeanors .
You'd be excused if you did n't know this happened .
There was almost
no reporting on the event that day or the next , which took several
hours to accomplish , along with several hours Tuesday for to be read
into the Congressional Record .
Kucinich 's address to the House was
broadcast live on C - Span .
But it was not announced in advance or
highlighted on the C - Span website , and there were not many news reports
on the historically significant fact that articles of impeachment had
been filed against the president during subsequent days .
A week later , it has still not been reported in the New York Times ,
the nation ’s self - described “ newspaper of record , ” even though the
Times had just days before Rep. Kucinich ’s action , editorialized about
the enormity of the president ’s lies in tricking the country into
invading Iraq — one of the crimes leading Rep. Kucinich ’s long list .
A number of papers did editorialize against impeachment , including
the Philadelphia Inquirer and the Florida Sun Sentinel — but it says
something that these publications thought it more important to attack
Rep .
Kucinich ’s action than to actually report on it as a news item .
Even the Washington Post ’s news report was an example more of the
sclerotic state of American journalism than of genuine reporting .
It
began :
“ Having failed in efforts to impeach Vice President Cheney , Rep .
Dennis J. Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) escalated his battle against the
administration this week by introducing 35 articles of impeachment
against President Bush , using a parliamentary maneuver that will
probably force a vote today . ”
Any journalism student who wrote a lede like Post staff writer Ben
Pershing ’s in a classroom exercise would have gotten a “ D ” or an “ F ”
for it .
Talk about backing into a story !
First of all , Kucinich has n’t
“ failed ” in his effort to impeach Cheney .
Congress has failed to
impeach our criminal vice president and regent .
Technically , Kucinich’s
Cheney impeachment bill is still lodged in the House Judiciary
Committee , where it is now joined in political limbo by the Ohio
congressman ’s new Bush impeachment measure .
The unwillingness of the nation ’s news media to seriously consider
the need for Congress to respond to and challenge the president ’s clear
abuses of power — even as they themselves condemn of those abuses of
power — is a blot on the journalistic profession perhaps worse , and of
more lasting consequence , than their failure to act as watchdogs and
critics during the run-up to the Iraq War , when they acted more as
patriotic cheerleaders than as news organizations .
As impeachment advocates , including Rep. Kucinich , have pointed out ,
unless this president and vice president are impeached by the current
Congress , any — and probably every — future president will feel empowered
by unchallenged precedent to ignore laws passed by the Congress , to go
to war without Congressional approval , to spy on Americans in violation
of the law , to ignore court orders , to abrogate international treaties ,
and to lie to Congress and the American people .
Unless Congress asserts
its rights under Article I , it will no longer even be a co-equal branch
of government , but instead will have been reduced to nothing more than
a debating society .
Editorialists , while refusing to honestly report on this
Constitutional crisis , have been parroting the claim of gutless and
calculating Democratic Party leaders like House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in
saying that with the nation at war and with a critical election
approaching , there are “ more pressing ” matters to consider than
impeachment , and that impeachment would be a “ diversion . ”
This is nonsense .
As hundreds of American troops continue to die
each quarter in a war that never should have happened , and that was
launched five years ago and continued for half a decade thanks to
administration lies and deception , there is nothing more important
facing this nation than restoring Constitutional government and
Constitutional checks and balances — something that can only be done
through the Constitutional process of impeachment .
The American people instinctively know this .
In polls , fully half or
more of the public consistently continue to say , even at this late
date , that they want the president impeached .
Considering the media
blackout on the issue , this is truly astonishing and even heartening .
But it will take more than polls to get impeachment rolling .
The public
needs to start demanding that its representatives take action , on pain
of being voted out of office .
I was at an anti-war forum in New Jersey last Friday evening
sponsored by a group of peace activists calling themselves the Iraq
Forum Organizing Team .
When forum panelist Rep. Rob Andrews was asked
by an audience member whether he favored impeachment and supported Rep .
Kucinich ’s articles of impeachment , Andrews fudged .
He claimed ,
ingenuously , that the articles had been sent to the House Judiciary
Committee for hearings , and said that he personally thought that Bush
had committed an impeachable “ high crime ” by outing the identity of a
covert agent of the CIA , Valerie Plame , and added that if the Judiciary
Committee “ develops a bunch of evidence ” to support that charge , he
would vote to impeach .
As I pointed out to the congressman , he certainly knows that that is
a cheap dodge .
I said that he was well aware that the way legislation
moves forward in Congress is that members like himself sign on as
co-sponsors of legislation they favor , and that then , and only then ,
those measures get hearings .
Without co-sponsors , bills go to committee
to be killed by inaction , which is the intention of sending Kucinich’s
articles of impeachment to the committee .
I said if Rep. Andrews were
honestly to believe that the president might have committed any high
crimes , he should either file articles of impeachment himself , or
co-sign the excellent set of articles already filed by Rep. Kucinich .
Instead , Andrews , like the rest of the Democrats and Republicans in the
House , with the notable exception of Rep. Wexler and California Reps .
Barbara Lee and Lynn Woolsey , have avoided Kucinich ’s articles like the
plague .
The audience loudly applauded this condemnation of Rep. Andrews .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
THEMIS ( Time History of Events and Macroscale Interactions during Substorms ) is funded by NASA .
( Credit : NASA / JPL / GSFC , UCB )
UCLA space scientists and colleagues have identified the mechanism that triggers substorms in space ; wreaks havoc on satellites , power grids and communications systems ; and leads to the explosive release of energy that causes the spectacular brightening of the aurora borealis , also known as the northern lights .
For 30 years , there have been two competing theories to explain the onset of these substorms , which are energy releases in the Earth 's magnetosphere , said Vassilis Angelopoulos , a UCLA professor of Earth and space sciences and principal investigator of the NASA - funded mission known as THEMIS ( Time History of Events and Macroscale Interactions during Substorms ) .
One theory is that the trigger happens relatively close to Earth , about one - sixth of the distance to the moon .
According to this theory , large currents building up in the space environment , which is composed of charged ions and electrons , or " plasma , " are suddenly released by an explosive instability .
The plasma implodes toward Earth as the space currents are disrupted , which is the start of the substorm .
A second theory says the trigger is farther out , about one - third of the distance to the moon , and involves a different process :
When two magnetic field lines come close together due to the storage of energy from the sun , a critical limit is reached and the magnetic field lines reconnect , causing magnetic energy to be transformed into kinetic energy and heat .
Energy is released , and the plasma is accelerated , producing accelerated electrons .
Which theory is right ?
" Our data show clearly and for the first time that magnetic reconnection is the trigger , " said Angelopoulos , who reports the research in the July 24 online issue of the journal Science .
" Reconnection results in a slingshot acceleration of waves and plasma along magnetic field lines , lighting up the aurora underneath even before the near - Earth space has had a chance to respond .
We are providing the evidence that this is happening . "
Previous studies of the Earth 's magnetosphere and space weather have been unable to pinpoint the origin of substorms , which are large magnetic disturbances .
Ionized gas emitted from the sun 's surface speeds up as it moves away from the sun , attaining speeds of 1 million mph and interacting with the Earth 's upper atmosphere , which is also ionized , Angelopoulos said .
Substorms are building blocks of larger storms .
" We need to understand this environment and eventually be able to predict when these large energy releases will happen so astronauts can go inside their spacecraft and we can turn off critical systems on satellites so they will not be damaged , " Angelopoulos said .
" This has been exceedingly difficult in the past , because previous missions , which measured the plasma at one location , were unable to determine the origin of the large space storms .
To resolve this question properly requires correlations and signal - timing at multiple locations .
This is precisely what was missing until now . "
At high northern latitudes in the northern U.S. and Canada , shimmering bands of light called the aurora borealis , or northern lights , stretch across the sky from the east to the west .
During the geomagnetically disturbed periods known as substorms , these bands of light brighten .
These multicolored light shows are generated when showers of high - speed electrons descend along magnetic field lines to strike the Earth 's upper atmosphere .
Scientists want to learn when , where and why solar wind energy stored within the Earth 's magnetosphere is explosively released to accelerate these electrons .
THEMIS is establishing for the first time when and where substorms begin , determining how the individual components of substorms interact , and discovering how substorms power the aurora borealis .
" We discovered what sparks the magnificent light show of the aurora , " Angelopoulos said .
THEMIS has five satellites — with electric , magnetic , ion and electron detectors — in carefully chosen orbits around the Earth and an array of 20 ground observatories with automated , all - sky cameras located in the northern U.S. and Canada that catch substorms as they happen .
The ground observatories take images of the aurora in white light .
One satellite is a third of the distance to the moon , one is about a fourth of the distance and three are about a sixth of the distance .
The outermost satellite takes four days to orbit the Earth , the next one two days , and the closest ones orbit the Earth in just one day .
Every four days , the satellites line up .
As the satellites are measuring the magnetic and electric fields of the plasma above the Earth 's atmosphere once every four days , the ground - based observatories are imaging the auroral lights and the electrical currents from space that generate them .
THEMIS was launched on Feb. 17 , 2007 , from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and is expected to observe approximately 30 substorms in its nominal lifetime .
" Armed with this knowledge , we are not only putting to rest age - old questions about the origin of the spectacular auroral eruptions but will also be able to provide statistics on substorm evolution and model its effects on space weather , " Angelopoulos said .
Source : University of California - Los Angeles
Explore further Aurora mysteries unlocked with NASA 's THEMIS mission
In its ruling , the court concluded the woman had misrepresented herself as a virgin and that , in this particular marriage , virginity was a prerequisite .
But in treating the case as a breach of contract , the ruling was decried by critics who said it undermined decades of progress in women 's rights .
Marriage , they said , was reduced to the status of a commercial transaction in which women could be discarded by husbands claiming to have discovered hidden defects in them .
The court decision " is a real fatwa against the emancipation and liberty of women .
We are returning to the past , " said Urban Affairs Minister Fadela Amara , the daughter of immigrants from Muslim North Africa , using the Arabic term for a religious decree .
The outcry has been unrelenting since word of the April 1 decision in the closed - door trial in Lille was made public by the daily newspaper Liberation .
In its judgment , the tribunal said the 2006 marriage had been ended based on " an error in the essential qualities " of the bride , " who had presented herself as single and chaste . "
Justice Minister Rachida Dati , whose parents also were born in North Africa , initially shrugged off the ruling - but the public clamour reached such a pitch that she asked the prosecutor 's office this week to lodge an appeal .
What began as a private matter " concerns all the citizens of our country and notably women , " a statement from her ministry said .
The hitch is that both the young woman and the man at the centre of the drama are opposed to an appeal , according to their lawyers .
The names of the woman , a student in her 20s , and the man , an engineer in his 30s , have not been disclosed .
The young woman 's lawyer , Charles - Edouard Mauger , said she was distraught by the dragging out of the humiliating case .
In an interview on Europe 1 radio , he quoted her as saying : " I do n't know who 's trying to think in my place .
I did n't ask for anything .
... I was n't the one who asked for the media attention , for people to talk about it , and for this to last so long . "
The issue is particularly distressing for France because the government has fought to maintain strong secular traditions as demographics change .
An estimated 5 million Muslims live in the country of 64 million , the largest Muslim population in Western Europe .
France passed a law in 2004 banning Muslim headscarves and other ostentatious religious signs from classrooms , a move that caused an uproar in the Muslim world .
Now , critics contend another law on the books is being used to effectively condone the custom requiring a woman to enter marriage as a virgin , and prove it with bloodstained sheets on her wedding night .
Article 180 of the Civil Code states that when a couple enters into a marriage , if the " essential qualities " of a spouse are misrepresented , then " the other spouse can seek the nullity of the marriage . "
Past examples of marriages that were annulled include a husband found to be impotent and a wife who was a prostitute , according to attorney Xavier Labbee .
Ironically , Article 180 also guards against forced marriages .
Labbee , the lawyer for the bridegroom in question , says it was not the young woman 's virginity that was at issue .
" The question is not one of virginity .
The question is one of lying , " he said .
" In the ruling , there is no word ' Muslim , ' there is no word ' religion , ' there is no word ' custom . '
And if one speaks of virginity it is with the term ' a lie . "
Labbee said both the man and the woman " understand that annulling the marriage is preferable to divorce because it wipes the slate clean ( of ) what you want to forget , but divorce wipes away nothing . "
Although divorced Muslim women are allowed to remarry , they are expected to be forthcoming with their new husband about the previous marriage , and divorce can carry a cultural stigma for women .
Indeed , the court ruling states that the woman " acquiesced " to the demand for an annulment " based on a lie concerning her virginity . "
" One can deduce that this quality ( virginity ) was seen by her as an essential quality that was decisive " in the man 's decision to marry , the ruling said .
Prime Minister Francois Fillon said an appeal must be lodged " so this ruling does not set a judicial precedent . "
The appeal was filed on Tuesday and three judges could hear the case sometime this month , said Eric Vaillant of the appeals court in Douai , near Lille .
In a rare show of agreement , politicians on the left and right said the court 's action does not reflect French values .
" In a democratic and secular country , we cannot consider virginity as an essential quality of marriage , " said an expert on French secularism , Jacqueline Costa - Lascoux .
The decision underscored the painful predicament faced today by many Muslim women in France and elsewhere in the West who become sexually emancipated but remain bound by strict codes of honour inherited and enforced by their families - and prospective husbands .
It is not unusual for young Muslim women to procure fake virginity certificates , use tricks like vials of spilled blood on the wedding night or even undergo hymen repair to satisfy family expectations , and evade the shame that would follow if their secret got out .
A survey in 2006 found numerous private clinics in the Paris region where such surgery is performed , as well as doctors who supply fake virginity certificates before a marriage .
" Today , the judicial system of a modern country cannot hold to these savage traditions , completely inhuman for the young woman , " said the rector of the Paris Mosque , Dalil Boubakeur .
Like some others , Boubakeur , a moderate , voiced fears that Muslim fundamentalists would seek to profit from the Lille ruling " as they have done with the veil .
... Fundamentalists use ( head scarves ) like their flag . "
" We ask Muslims to live in their era , " he said .
AP
How Cops Really Want to Police
After writing my last Freakonomics post , I received a phone call from a police officer who began his career in Chicago .
Carl , the 54 - year - old cop , started working in Chicago ’s inner cities at the height of the crack epidemic .
He transferred to the suburbs of Seattle for a lifestyle change — “ I was tired of getting shot at , ” he said matter - of - factly .
I had promised readers of this blog that I would ask about the creative , informal ways police respond to crime — sometimes even tolerating certain anti-social or criminal behavior for ( presumed ) larger gains .
Carl was eager to respond .
I will post Carl ’s comment below , as well as the responses of two other law enforcement officials .
1. “ Judge on - site . ”
Carl wanted to make a single point : he felt cops should have the freedom to act as “ judge on - site . ”
( See Chance ‘s comment , # 6 . )
Carl preferred working in poor communities because , in his opinion , they had a healthy distrust of the court system .
“ You want to really lower crime ? ” Carl began .
“ Let cops enforce the rules .
The whole way .
You ask any cop on the street and he ’ll tell you that he would love to dish out the punishment , on the spot . ”
“ You want to be the cop and the jury ? ” I asked , incredulously .
You laugh , but the good cops never let problems get to judges .
They are judge on - site , I like to say .
And , I do n’t mean just for stupid things like kids shoplifting — you might get the kid by the neck , make him to apologize and work for the store owner for free .
I mean for serious things .
In Chicago , back in the 1980 ’s , we had all these problems with drug dealers selling their dope on the street .
We used to catch them and bring them in front of the older folks .
We used to take their drug money and give it to all the neighbors on the block !
They loved it , and the f–ing gangbangers hated it , of course .
But , the people on the block always said to us , “ We know you ca n’t get these guys off the streets , so keep doing what you are doing . ”
“ Is n’t that just a convenient excuse ? ” I pressed on .
“ Would you tolerate that kind of behavior in the suburbs where you work now ?
I ca n’t imagine any God-fearing middle class person would allow drug dealers to stand on their corner .
I certainly would n’t . ”
He continued :
No , but around here [ in Seattle ’s suburbs ] it ’s all inside .
But we actually still try to do the same thing .
If we catch teenagers selling drugs , we take their money and give it to the school principal or to a block association — sometimes they take it , most of the time they shy away .
The problem here is that people trust the prosecutor , the judges .
Inner -city people know that these people are really useless .
Around here , where you ’ve got a lot of domestic violence , a lot of drunk driving , I would love to do other things to stop crime , but …
“ Like what ?
What would you do for a drunk driver ? ” I asked .
Well , I hate taking that son - of - a- bitch to the station because those tests always fail and they get off ( with little penalty ) .
But these guys are a terror around here .
Everyone drinks and drives — especially those guys who drive home after work .
I ’d love to give them a tattoo , right on their forehead — like one of those scarlet letters .
I ’d like to get them all out on a Saturday and have them stand on a corner with a sign : “ I ’m a drunk driver and I ’d like to wash your car for free . ”
I would n’t mind taking them around to do errands for others on their block for free on weekends .
Or maybe they have to wear a bright orange suit for a month everywhere they go !
You know what I mean ?
The courts do n’t do sh-t .
2. “ I hate wife beaters . ”
Jordan is a 51 - year - old police officer who works in New York .
I met Jordan when I was studying prostitution .
He was based in Manhattan , in Hell ’s Kitchen , around the time when the police sought to rid the area of the sex economy — e.g. , strip clubs , street - based prostitution , and video parlors .
He also felt that the courts are largely impotent , but his pet - peeve was domestic violence .
He says that he developed a set of skills that he now uses in “ DV ” incidents in the middle - class communities outside of Manhattan :
The one thing I hate is a wife beater .
Or , anyone who beats women .
I never arrest those idiots because they always get out of jail and go back and beat up their wives .
It ’s really frustrating .
I have a daughter , and it just makes me sick …
When I was in Hell ’s Kitchen , I used to make those guys pay their women [ prostitutes ] extra , for maybe two months at a time , if they bruised them .
You know , to make up for what they did .
I ’d just get their number at work and I ’d call them and say , “ Hey , you need to bring Shirley $ 500 because her kid needs school clothes .
If they did n’t do it , I ’d call their boss or show up at their job .
And , you know what ?
I do this now where I work [ in wealthier areas of New York City ] .
These guys get arrested way fewer times [ than the poor ] .
They think they are totally invincible because they make so much money .
So , I do the same thing .
Traders on Wall Street , lawyers — I do n’t care .
I tell them they have to pay up .
I usually make them donate to a battered women ’s shelter …
See the one thing to know about these guys with money is that they HATE to give even a penny away !
So it hurts .
And , I take their money for months .
A bunch of cops do this with me .
3. Bill ’s Top Five List
Bill is a retired police officer who worked in many Chicago neighborhoods .
He made a list of , in his words , “ the things that cops do to keep the peace that no one wants to know about . ”
1 . If a drug addict robbed somebody , we used to take his drugs away and give them to someone else .
Then we used to make him watch his buddy smoke all his stuff .
THAT was real pain !
2 . Let people decide what to do with the gangbangers .
The funny thing is that the gangbangers do n’t mind going to jail , but they ca n’t stand it when people in their community get back at them .
And , let me tell you something , parents who have children can get really pissed .
They make gangbangers clean their streets , pick up trash , and stand outside and look stupid .
The key is letting folks decide what ’s best [ in terms of ] dealing with criminals .
3 . Always deal with domestic violence on the spot .
Make sure that when you catch a perp , all the folks on the block see you drag his sorry a– to court .
Shaming somebody can sometimes be your greatest weapon .
Hell , sometimes we will cuff the perp to the car , turn on the lights , and just keep him there until all the people get a chance to see him .
4 . We like to play gladiator .
You know what I mean ?
Let two gangs beat each other up without weapons , and the winner gets to deal on the corner .
Or , we grab a bunch of muggers , or maybe two crews who steal cars , and tell them , “ Okay , you all fight each other — the one still standing gets to avoid jail . ”
I know : it sounds awful , but believe me , this really works .
5 . You have to let people get revenge .
One time , I caught a guy who was running around stealing jewelry .
So I asked the women — the ones who got their rings stolen — if they ’d like to come over to his place and take something .
Two of them said , “ Hell yeah ! ” I brought them to this guy ’s house , and they took a bunch of his things — a TV , a painting !
It was hilarious .
This does n’t happen often , but I think it would be a great way to stop people from doing the little things — you know , robbing , shoplifting , beating up people .
I was struck at the extent to which the drive for autonomy — the ability to act outside the formal system — was invoked by the police .
The running theme in my conversations was their lack of trust in the courts .
This is not entirely surprising since most cops believe there is a never - ending cycle of criminality in place whereby the punishment does n’t deter the crime .
To some degree , the wave of urban “ community policing ” initiatives — whereby residents and police communicate more effectively with each other around — was supposed to rectify the situation .
Community policing was developed by public officials in order to incorporate the informal social control mechanisms that exist in any community .
Here , one thinks of the “ eyes on the street ” approach of social critic Jane Jacobs , in which people police one another ’s behavior , with law enforcement playing a mostly supportive role .
But , it sounds to me like some police would like greater discretion to enforce the law .
A letter published this week in Nature is causing a bit of a stir among physicists , with press releases promising that scientists " may have found a laboratory test of the ' untestable ' string theory . "
If literally true , this would be huge , Nobel - prize level news , with mind - boggling consequences for our understanding of a radically expanded universe .
But while interesting , it 's probably none of that .
The experiment in question comes from the UK's Lancaster University , where a group of low - temperature physicists are studying a real - world phenomenon they believe is an analog for one of the oddest ideas in modern physics .
In some versions of string theory , our entire universe is described as being embedded on a gigantic " brane " ( the term comes from the word
" membrane , " but think bigger , with more dimensions ) , which may have counterparts that float through or simply exist in a higher - dimensional space , and might even encounter " antibranes . "
In part because these theoretical constructs would all exist outside the confines of what we think of as our world , these ideas have been viewed as nearly , if not wholly , impossible to test .
The Lancaster physicist are looking at the problem from an unusual angle , however .
Their experiment involves cooling helium - 3 isotopes very close to zero degrees Kelvin , where it changes into into a superfluid state .
Here it has interesting properties , such as the absence of friction as it flows .
Then they add a magnetic field , which creates a separate region within the fluid .
The interface between these two regions behaves very much like a two - dimensional brane , they say .
In a press release , the university touts this as a possible " test " for string theory .
Nature itself is more cautious on its
Web site , calling it a possible " laboratory analogue . "
String theory critic Peter Woit , a
Columbia University mathematical physicist , calls these claims simple " dishonest nonsense . "
It strikes me that this experiment may well be interesting , but that these striking claims risk mistaking an interesting metaphor for actual proof .
Analogues , to use Nature 's term , can certainly shed light on related issues , but do n't serve as hard laboratory proof of anything .
But as a non-physicist , I 'll stay out of the debate .
Any other thoughts ?
Lancaster Ultra -Low Temperature Group in Nature Physics [ Lancaster University press release ]
Brane analogue [ Nature ( subscription required ) ]
( Photo : String , but probably not the kind that contains a universe .
Credit : Dylan Snow , via Flickr . )
' Having an abortion , there 's no type for that ...
There 's no look for it .
It 's not a certain type of girl '
Senate defeat puts climate bill on tough road
Sen . John Kerry , D - Mass. , left , speaks as Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I - Conn. , center , and Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , right , listen , Friday , June 6 , 2008 , during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington to discuss the environment and climate change .
( AP Photo / Susan Walsh ) less Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass . , left , speaks as Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I - Conn. , center , and Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , right , listen , Friday , June 6 , 2008 , during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington to ... more Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Senate defeat puts climate bill on tough road 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The Senate debate over a climate change bill this week was supposed to be a warm - up for next year , when a new president who might back deep cuts in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions controls the White House .
But , instead , the sharp clash , which ended in the measure 's defeat Friday , showed just how difficult it will be for either President Barack Obama or President John McCain to enact a global warming law .
Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , a chief sponsor of the bill , put the best spin on the measure 's demise , saying it offers the next president a political road map .
" This will show them where they have allies , " she said .
" This will show them where they have problems . "
Procedural vote
The bill , which would have cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by two - thirds by 2050 , was pulled from the floor by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , Friday after the Senate failed to pass a procedural vote to limit amendments and move the bill forward .
The vote was 48 - 36 - well short of the 60 votes needed to head off a filibuster .
But the bill 's sponsors proclaimed it a victory that 54 senators signaled their support for advancing the measure .
Six senators who missed the vote - including Obama , D - Ill. , McCain , R - Ariz . , Hillary Rodham Clinton , D - N.Y. , and Edward Kennedy , D - Mass. , who is battling brain cancer - sent statements of support for debate on the bill .
" It may be a small step forward for mankind , " said Joe Lieberman , independent - Conn. , who has been pushing climate legislation for a decade , " but it 's a giant step forward for the United States Senate . "
Better showing than in 2005
The tally was a big jump over the 38 votes a similar climate bill received in 2005 - although supporters acknowledged that not all of the senators who voted yes Friday are ready to approve a climate bill without major changes .
Most Republicans opposed the measure , saying it would sharply limit their ability to offer amendments - some of which were aimed at toppling the bill .
" This bill deserved a full and honest debate , with amendments offered and voted upon , " said Sen. James Inhofe , R - Okla . , one of the bill 's chief critics .
" The American people did not deserve a political exercise geared toward election year politics . "
Eight Republicans voted to limit amendments and proceed to debate .
Two Democrats , Sens. Mary Landrieu , D - La. , and Tim Johnson , D - S.D. , voted no .
Supporters of the bill had been building toward this week 's debate for months , assembling a coalition that included Fortune 500 CEOs , evangelical leaders , labor unions and environmental groups .
Their major coup was landing Sen. John Warner , R - Va. , the widely respected former Navy secretary , as a chief co-sponsor .
But when Senate leaders scheduled the climate debate months ago for the first week in June , they could hardly have known it would take place in the midst of an unprecedented run-up in gas prices .
Opponents of the bill seized on studies by government agencies and outside groups that suggested that the Climate Security Act , S3036 , could raise gas prices as well as electricity bills for consumers .
GOP strategy in memo
A memo by Senate GOP leaders , obtained by Democrats , laid out their strategy to defeat the bill .
" The goal is for a theme ( example : Climate bill equals higher gas prices ) each day , and the focus is much more on making political points than in amending the bill , " the memo read in part .
It added , " The bottom line is the GOP very much wants to have this fight . "
Democrats blasted it as a cynical strategy , but it had an effect .
For days , Senate Republicans took to the floor to claim the bill would wreak havoc on the economy .
Rather than going straight to amendments , Republicans demanded 30 full hours of debate to pound home the theme .
Republicans also raised concerns over the bill 's price tag - $ 6.7 trillion through 2050 - as industry begins paying for the right to emit greenhouse gases .
Even some Democrats questioned how that revenue would be distributed .
Still , supporters of the bill saw signs of progress .
Unlike past years , there was almost no debate over climate change science , and most lawmakers agreed Congress should strive to cut emissions .
" The terms of the debate have shifted , " said Eileen Claussen , president of the Pew Center on Global Climate Change .
" The Senate is now debating the best means - and the cost - of reducing emissions . "
More Republican support
The bill has been gradually picking up Republican support .
Sens. Elizabeth Dole , R- N.C. , Norm Coleman , R - Minn. , and both of Maine 's GOP senators backed the bill .
And several Republican senators who voted no Friday , including freshman Sen .
Bob Corker of Tennessee , said they were open to a cap - and - trade system .
Just before the vote , Sen. Mel Martinez , R - Fla. , told Lieberman he would side with the bill 's sponsors to advance the debate .
" He said , ' I did it for my grandchildren ' , " Lieberman said .
But both sides agree the 492 - page bill is going to take weeks of floor time to debate and amend .
Sen. Pete Domenici , R - N.M. , said the Democratic leaders made the mistake of trying to jam debate into a week .
" You can't rush the process , " he said .
But the bill 's sponsors also have to worry about holding on to support from Democrats .
Ten Democratic senators , mostly from the Midwest and South , recently sent Reid and Boxer a letter warning , " We can not support final passage of the ( climate bill ) in its current form . "
Boxer said she is going to continue meeting with undecided senators of both parties next week to address their concerns .
But she said it 's also up to voters to pressure their lawmakers to act .
" Every senator who voted no will have to explain their reason , " she said .
" Everyone will be held accountable . "
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience .
By using Laterooms you accept our use of cookies .
One of the biggest names in aviation has developed a jet engine that is more efficient , less polluting and cheaper to use than almost everything else in the sky , and it could revolutionize an industry facing skyrocketing fuel prices and mounting pressure to clean up its act .
Pratt &
Whitney has spent the better part of two decades developing the geared turbofan engine that burns 12 to 15 percent less fuel than other jet engines and cuts carbon dioxide emissions by 1,500 tons per plane per year .
It 's being called one of the most exciting developments commercial aviation has seen in years , and it was a hot topic at the Eco-Aviation Conference , where the aviation industry spent two days charting the course to a greener future .
" It 's technology like that geared turbofan that 's going to drive fuel efficiency forward for this industry in the short and medium term , " says Earnest Arvi of the Arvi Group .
" Alternative fuels show great potential , but they 're decades away . "
Pratt &
Whitney was just one of the heavy hitters at the conference , an unprecedented gathering that underscored the severity of the issues the industry faces .
With airline passenger growth rates and aircraft emissions expected to double by 2020 and 2030 , respectively , the pressure is on to address those problems quickly .
The conference saw a lot of talk – and a little green - washing – about developing alternative fuels to replace jet fuel , easing airport pollution , and building greener aircraft to replace the industry 's aging fleet .
Nearly 1,000 planes flown by domestic carriers will be more than a quarter of a century old by 2015 , and Boeing officials have said that more than 10,400 new planes will be needed in the coming decades and making them as green as possible will go a long way toward reducing commercial aviation 's carbon footprint .
That 's why Pratt & Whitney has so much to brag about with its geared turbofan , which significantly advances jet - engine technology .
Current jet engines have fans that suck air into the combustion chamber , where it is compressed , mixed with fuel , and ignited .
Then it 's blown through a turbine , generating thrust .
It works , but it 's inefficient because the fan is connected to the engine and turns at the same speed as the turbine .
Fans work best at low speed , while turbines work best at high speed .
Pratt &
Whitney solved that problem with a gearbox that lets the fan and turbine spin independently .
The fan is larger and it spins at one - third the speed of the turbine , creating a quieter , more powerful engine the company says requires less fuel , emits less C02 and costs 30 percent less to maintain .
Pratt &
Whitney has been torture - testing the engines , and its engineers have simulated more than 40,000 takeoffs and landings .
The company 's VP of Technology and Environment , Alan Epstein , says the engine will not only cut CO2 emissions , but will also reduce nitrogen - oxide emissions , noise and – ultimately – ownership costs .
" For the next generation of single - aisle aircraft , there 's no question that engine performance will be key , " he says .
" Both economically and environmentally , this engine will deliver significant benefits . "
The industry seems to agree and is lining up behind the engine , which Pratt & Whitney expects to have in regular service by 2013 .
It 's already slated for jets currently being developed by Mitsubishi and Bombardier .
Pratt &
Whitney is n't the only firm developing greener aircraft .
Airbus is dabbling in alternative fuels and researching ways of recycling more than 6,000 planes slated for retirement during the next 20 years .
Boeing is dabbling with hydrogen fuel cells and investing in algal fuels while pushing lighter planes like its 787 Dreamliner .
Boeing says composite materials make up nearly 50 percent of the plane , which can carry as many as 330 people , making it far lighter than other planes its size .
It is 20 percent more fuel - efficient and produces 20 percent fewer emissions than similarly sized aircraft , company officials say .
Boeing is betting composite construction will bring huge improvements in fuel economy and emissions to commercial aviation .
Further gains could come from improving the nation 's outdated air traffic control system , something nearly everyone at the conference said must happen .
The current system is based on radar technology that dates to World War II , and plans to replace it with a satellite system known as NextGen are at a standstill while FAA reauthorization is stalled in Congress .
But the industry has several other ideas , from allowing flights through military airspace to widespread adoption of a quieter , more efficient landing technique called continuous descent approach .
Industry experts say adopting such steps could significantly reduce fuel consumptions and delays .
The International Air Traffic Association says cutting just one minute from every commercial flight would save more than 1.9 million tons of fuel and 6.3 million tons of CO2 annually .
The air travel industry has taken a lot of heat for being slow to address its environmental impact , and some say parts of the eco-conference were just slick PR .
But even some critics say the fact the industry is discussing environmental stewardship shows it 's finally getting serious about the issue – if only because doing so is in its best interest .
" Climate change could mean fewer coastal vacation destinations , inaccessible airports and a general economic malaise that cuts travel spending , " says Liz Barratt - Brown of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
" Looked at in that context , you could argue that the aviation sector has the most to lose from global warming . "
Abstract .
A Digital machine for the rapid go no - go testing of some commodity static ram chips .
The design principals are based on the Zero Bit Computer / Sequencer .
Introduction .
Way back in 1987 I was servicing a large mini computer , the Pyramid 90X which as based on 74 Sxxx series logic .
It was based on a 32 Mhz clock divided into 4 phases , and a risc architecture that gave it about 8 MIPS .
Built of discrete SSI and MSI devices , the only VLSI devices were the console processor which used a Motorola 68000 and assorted high speed bipolar static RAMS .
We did repair these machines to chip level , back then , just swapping boards until it worked was not an option .
The CPU was heavily microcoded and came with extensive , very effective diagnostics that ran at both the " cpu " level and at the microcode level .
The machine had many caches , instruction buffers , microcode caches , writable control stores implemented with high speed bipolar static rams .
In those days , the static ram failure rate was fairly high , Monash University had 6 of these machines at one stage .
Diagnosing static ram failures was rendered easy by the microcode diagnostics .
They basically told you which chip to change .
All well and good , but what if the bad ram was in the writable control store ?
The diagnostic program could not then run at all .
This machine was born of a necessity to bulk checking of machine ram and our small stock of spare ram .
Somehow bad ram had found its way into the spares and maybe a third of our spares were suspect .
One fine day a Pyramid died with a control store parity so not even diagnostics would run .
These particular static rams ran very hot in normal use and even though they were packaged in ceramic DIPs they failed often .
With some foresight the designers of the Pyramid had placed these chips in good quality sockets so that it was practical to just remove and test all of them .
So over a weekend I struggled to complete this testing machine .
This Pyramid mini " mattered " and had been down for a while and the powers - that - be were not impressed .
I had on hand an intel type 2149 that we knew was bad and one 2149 that we thought was good .
So with that I wire wrapped away my weekend and by Sunday night it could tell apart good from bad .
Why not a microprocessor design ?
That would have meant for me a Z80 , eprom , static ram , debugger , display and maybe a week of futzing around to get a sign of life .
The hard wired design would " just work " , as it did .
The dead Mini was repaired in 10 minutes with the aid of this machine .
It became quite popular in our group .
I built it from discarded mainframe components at zero net cost , this being a university department was a good thing as we had no budget for this kind of playing around .
The core of the design is based on what I call a " Zero Bit Computer " .
It is a micro sequencer based on a small handful of MSI 74xxx logic .
The unique design attribute of the zero bit computer design paradigm is that there exists a one to one isomorphism between a plain natural language description of a sequencing problem and the wiring ( that would be mirco - programming ) of the zero bit computer .
I have discussed this idea in another article in this site .
There are two zero bit computers in this design , one does the creation of a chip enable and write enable signals to the static ram under test and it ensures correct setup and hold times of address , data and the WE signal .
The other does " gross " sequencing , address generation , write cycle , read back and compare cycle , next data pattern cycle .
The machine will write / read / compare ones , zeros , and selection of address bits and halt on error and alarm .
It could test 1 bit , 4 bit and 8 bit wide rams with up to 16 address lines .
I built it from discarded mainframe components at zero net cost , this being a university department was a good thing as we had no budget for this kind of playing around .
The collections in the .NET Framework have evolved significantly over the years .
Taking advantage of Microsoft 's new found openness , we show two versions of a familiar data structure , the hash table , in both .NET and Mono .
In theory the hash table is a rather simple construct , just collection of arrays or linked lists divided into a finite number of buckets .
Yet even the act of retrieving an item can be rather complex if you try to be too clever with multi- threading logic .
// Copyright ( c ) Microsoft Corporation .
All rights reserved .
public virtual Object this [ Object key ] {
get {
if ( key == null ) {
throw new ArgumentNullException ( " key " , Environment.
GetResourceString ( " ArgumentNull_Key " ) ) ;
}
uint seed ;
uint incr ;
// Take a snapshot of buckets , in case another thread does a resize
bucket [ ] lbuckets = buckets ;
uint hashcode = InitHash ( key , lbuckets .
Length , out seed , out incr ) ;
int ntry = 0 ;
bucket b ;
int bucketNumber = ( int ) ( seed % ( uint ) lbuckets .
Length ) ;
do
{
int currentversion ;
// A read operation on hashtable has three steps :
// ( 1 ) calculate the hash and find the slot number .
// ( 2 ) compare the hashcode , if equal , go to step 3 .
Otherwise end .
// ( 3 ) compare the key , if equal , go to step 4 .
Otherwise end .
// ( 4 ) return the value contained in the bucket .
// After step 3 and before step 4 .
A writer can kick in a remove the old item and add a new one
// in the same bukcet .
So in the reader we need to check if the hash table is modified during above steps .
//
// Writers ( Insert , Remove , Clear ) will set ' isWriterInProgress ' flag before it starts modifying
// the hashtable and will ckear the flag when it is done .
When the flag is cleared , the ' version '
// will be increased .
We will repeat the reading if a writer is in progress or done with the modification
// during the read .
//
//
Our memory model guarantee if we pick up the change in bucket from another processor ,
// we will see the ' isWriterProgress ' flag to be true or ' version ' is changed in the reader .
//
int spinCount = 0 ;
do {
// this is violate read , following memory accesses can not be moved ahead of it .
currentversion = version ;
b = lbuckets [ bucketNumber ] ;
//
The contention between reader and writer should n't happen frequently .
//
But just in case this will burn CPU , yield the control of CPU if we spinned a few times .
// 8 is just a random number I pick .
if ( (++spinCount ) % 8 == 0 ) {
Thread .
Sleep (1 ) ; // 1 means we are yeilding control to all threads , including low - priority ones .
}
} while ( isWriterInProgress || ( currentversion != version ) ) ;
if ( b.key == null ) {
return null ;
}
if ( (( b.hash_coll & 0x7 FFFFFFF ) == hashcode ) &&
KeyEquals ( b.key , key ) )
return b.val ;
bucketNumber = ( int ) ( (( long) bucketNumber + incr ) % ( uint ) lbuckets .
Length ) ;
} while ( b.hash_coll < 0 && ++ntry < lbuckets .
Length ) ;
return null ;
}
Yes folks , there is a pseudo - spin lock and call to Threading .
Sleep in there .
With .NET 2.0 and generic collections , Microsoft decided to dump the internal locking mechanisms for collections .
Instead , any locking must be applied externally .
This gives us the much simpler code found in the Generic .
Dictionary class .
// Copyright ( c ) Microsoft Corporation .
All rights reserved .
private int FindEntry ( TKey key ) {
if ( key == null ) {
ThrowHelper.ThrowArgumentNullException(ExceptionArgument.key ) ;
}
if ( buckets != null ) {
int hashCode = comparer .
GetHashCode ( key ) & 0x7FFFFFFF ;
for ( int i = buckets [ hashCode % buckets .
Length ] ; i >= 0 ; i = entries [ i] . next ) {
if ( entries [ i ] .hashCode == hashCode && comparer .
Equals ( entries [ i].key , key ) ) return i ;
}
}
return - 1 ;
}
The Mono versions of the Hashtable and Dictionary are likewise very different from each other and from the Microsoft implementations .
// Copyright ( C ) 2004 -2005 Novell , Inc ( http://www.novell.com )
public virtual Object this [Object key ]
{
get
{
if ( key == null )
throw new ArgumentNullException ( " key " , " null key " ) ;
Slot [ ] table = this .
table ;
int [ ] hashes = this .
hashes ;
uint size = ( uint ) table .
Length ;
int h = this .
GetHash ( key ) & Int32.MaxValue ;
uint indx = ( uint ) h ;
uint step = ( uint ) ( ( h >> 5 ) + 1 ) % ( size - 1 ) + 1 ;
for ( uint i = size ; i > 0 ; i--)
{
indx %= size ;
Slot entry = table [ indx ] ;
int hashMix = hashes [ indx ] ;
Object k = entry.key ;
if ( k == null )
break ;
if ( k == key || ( ( hashMix & Int32. MaxValue ) == h
&& this .
KeyEquals ( key , k ) ) )
{
return entry.value ;
}
if ( ( hashMix & CHAIN_MARKER ) == 0 )
break ;
indx += step ;
}
return null ;
}
And their dictionary implementation .
// Copyright ( C ) 2004 Novell , Inc ( http://www.novell.com)
// Copyright ( C ) 2005 David Waite
// Copyright ( C ) 2007 HotFeet GmbH ( http://www.hotfeet.ch )
public TValue this [ TKey key ] {
get {
if ( key == null )
throw new ArgumentNullException ( " key " ) ;
// get first item of linked list corresponding to given key
int hashCode = hcp .
GetHashCode ( key ) ;
int cur = table [ ( hashCode & int. MaxValue ) % table .
Length ] - 1 ;
// walk linked list until right slot is found or end is reached
while ( cur != NO_SLOT ) {
//
The ordering is important for compatibility with MS and strange
// Object .
Equals ( ) implementations
if ( linkSlots [ cur ] .
HashCode == hashCode && hcp .
Equals ( keySlots [ cur ] , key ) )
return valueSlots [ cur ] ;
cur = linkSlots [ cur ] .
Next ;
}
throw new KeyNotFoundException ( ) ;
}
Well there you have it ; four ways to do essentially the same time .
The one with the Sleep command is undoubtedly the worse , I 'll it to you to decide which is the best .
A patient whose skin cancer had spread throughout his body has been given the all - clear after being injected with billions of his own immune cells .
Tests revealed that the 52 - year - old man 's tumours , which spread from his skin to his lung and groin , vanished within two months of having the treatment , and had not returned two years later .
Doctors attempted the experimental therapy as part of a clinical trial after the man 's cancer failed to respond to conventional treatments .
The man is the first to benefit from the new technique , which uses cloning to produce billions of copies of a patient 's immune cells .
When they are injected into the body they attack the cancer and force it into remission .
Campaigners and scientists in the UK yesterday welcomed the breakthrough .
" It 's very exciting to see a cancer patient being successfully treated using immune cells cloned from his own body .
While it 's always good news when anyone with cancer gets the all - clear , this treatment will need to be tested in large clinical trials to work out how widely it could be used , " said Ed Yong at Cancer Research UK .
Peter Johnson , chief clinician at the charity , added : " Although the technique is complex and difficult to use for all but a few patients , the principle that someone 's own immune cells can be expanded and made to work in this way is very encouraging . "
Cassian
Yee at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle extracted immune cells from the patient and found that a small proportion of them , called CD4 T cells , naturally attacked a protein found on nearly three - quarters of the cancer cells .
Using cloning techniques ,
Yee 's team replicated these cells until they had more than 5bn of them .
When the cells were injected into the patient they immediately began attacking the cancer .
Intriguingly , the patient 's immune system gradually began a wider offensive , attacking all the cancer cells in the body , according to a report in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Two months later medical scans failed to pick up any signs of cancer in the patient .
The team believes the treatment could be effective in around a quarter of skin cancer patients whose immune systems have cells that are already primed to attack their tumours .
" For this patient we were successful , but we would need to confirm the effectiveness of therapy in a larger study , " Yee added .
In an accompanying article Louis Weiner , director of the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Centre at Georgetown University , Washington , wrote that Yee 's work " underscores the remarkable potential of the immune system to eradicate cancer , even when the disease is widespread " .
The case showed that hopes to turn the immune system into a weapon against cancer was becoming a reality , Weiner added .
" If the destination is not yet at hand , it is in sight .
The endgame has begun . "
Using the immune system to fight cancer could be much safer than existing treatments , which often have serious side effects .
It 's been at least five years since I 've flown commercial , and for good reason : I do n't wish to be arrested for questioning actions by often arrogant , rude Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) workers .
Two years ago , my decision was reinforced by my daughter 's experience when going through airport security with her two lovebirds .
Having shown her ticket and ID to security personnel , and walking toward the metal detector , they started shouting to her , " Miss , you 're going to have to take them birds out of the cage . "
I watched with incredulity as she approached the metal detectors .
Fortunately , a TSA worker took the cages and my daughter followed without further incident .
Had it been I traveling with the birds , I might have told the TSA workers something that would have gotten me arrested .
James Bovard has an article titled " Federal Attitude Policy " that appears in Freedom Daily ( June 2008 ) , a publication of the Fairfax , Va. - based Future of Freedom Foundation .
According to the February 2002 Federal Register , people can be arrested if they act in a way that " might distract or inhibit a screener from effectively performing his or her duties …
A screener encountering such a situation must turn away from his or her normal duties to deal with the disruptive individual , which may affect the screening of other individuals . "
That means it is a federal offense , and a fine of up to $ 1,500 , for any alleged " nonphysical interference " that makes a TSA screener " turn away " from whatever he was doing .
What 's nonphysical interference is solely up to the discretion of a TSA screener since it is n't defined in the regulations .
TSA agents can levy fines for a passenger disagreeing with the behavior or arrogance of a screener .
The TSA has made little effort to control screener behavior .
Bovard reports that in March 2004 , airline passengers filed almost 3,000 formal complaints with the federal government over the conduct of TSA screeners .
Hundreds have complained about the rudeness of TSA screeners .
And yet , none of these passenger complaints resulted in disciplinary measures .
In fact , passengers filed four times more complaints against the TSA than against airlines .
But it 's going to get worse .
The TSA aims to have 500 " behavior detection officers " ( BDOs ) in airports by the end of this year .
The job of the BDOs will be that of examining passengers for " body language and facial cues … for signs of bad intentions . "
They look for what the experts call " micro-expressions . "
Fear and disgust are the key ones , he said , because they 're associated with deception .
That would make me a prime candidate for scrutiny and possibly trouble because if I ever had to go through airport security procedures , I would have those " micro-expressions " of disgust and fear of arrest .
McClatchy Newspapers reported in an article , " New airport agents check for danger in fliers ' facial expressions , " ( August 2007 ) that Jay Cohen , undersecretary of Homeland Security for Science and Technology , " wants to automate passenger screening by using videocams and computers to measure and analyze heart rate , respiration , body temperature and verbal responses as well as facial micro-expressions . "
Someone who wishes to hijack or destroy a plane will spend considerable time and effort to get around the TSA 's attitude - detecting policies .
The bulk of the people hassled by these and other TSA procedures are law - abiding Americans who have no malicious intentions , along with a few people traveling with drugs and other contraband .
The TSA routinely confiscates about 15,000 items a day from passengers , in addition to the hassle , rudeness and arrogance .
With these kind of costs imposed on the traveling public , I 'd like TSA to give an account of themselves , namely just how many hijackings or bombings they have prevented , along with the evidence .
Americans have been far too compliant and that has given the TSA carte blanche to treat travelers any way they wish .
I 'm staying away .
TSA has its rules and Williams has his , and one of mine is to avoid tyrants and idiots .
Last updated at 15:10 04 April 2008
These stunning pictures reveal for the first time the planet Mars 's stunning mountain landscape .
The 3D photographs were taken by a high resolution stereo camera on board the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter and beamed 43 million miles to Earth .
They show Hebes Chasma , an enclosed trough , almost five miles deep , in the Grand Canyon of the Red Planet .
Scroll down for more ...
A taste of Mars :
The pictures show the planet 's spectacular mountain range , the Hebes Chasma , with its five - mile deep canyon
Insight : Scientists say they will use the photographs to try and prove that water once existed on the planet , which is 43 million miles from Earth
By imaging the landcape at three different wavelengths , the camera gives an insight into how the moutain range would look if you were standing on Mars .
But the photos are not just for show - they have also provided scientists with invaluable data about the planet 's surface and may prove that water once existed in the canyon .
In addition , they will enable researchers to make a detailed examination of the altimetry of the Mars 's surface , and to calculate the slope of its valleys .
Some observers have also been quick to point out that its rough , brown - coloured terrain
bares a close remsemblance to the planet 's chocolate namesake , the Mars bar .
Mars attacks :
Three photographs - all at different wavelengths - were taken to create an accurate representation of how the canyon looks in 3D
VIDEO Her in Des Moines soaking up the applause .
VOICEOVER
When Senator Hillary Clinton started her campaign she looked inevitable .
Her in Des Moines ( with a date graphic ) HILLARY IN DES MOINES ?I ? m running for president and I ?m in it to win it .?
VO
It would become one of the most grueling and astonishing campaigns in history .
Seventeen months later , as the primaries have come to an end , it has not gone according to script .
AND VO
It would become one of the most grueling and astonishing campaigns in history .
Seventeen months later , as her campaign has effectively come to an end , it has not gone according to script .
OBAMA IN IOWA ?
We have returned to Iowa with a majority of delegates elected by the american people .?
THIS FOLLOWING SEQUENCE WILL BE SUBBED OUT WITH TUESDAY NIGHT STUFF HILLARY IN MIAMI ? I ? m asking you to stay with me until we continue to fight to this nomination .?
THIS FOLLOWING SEQUENCE WILL BE SUBBED OUT WITH TUESDAY NIGHT STUFF HILLARY THEN FADING INTO HILLARY NOW ( LINGER ON THIS A BIT LONGER ?
IT GOES BY TOO FAST AND I?M NOT SURE WHAT IT IS ?.)
VO Mrs. Clinton was the first First Lady to run for president .
And the first woman to have a real shot .
Her candidacy was one of inspiration and aspiration .
But there were strategic blunders and underlying questions about her .
For one , did the country really want Bush / Clinton / Bush / Clinton ?
Such fundamentals may have doomed her candidacy from the start .
FROM THE DEBATE VIDEO FROM THE DEBATE SHOT OF HER IN IRAQ WITH A SOLDIER SHOT OF HER WITH BILL WALKING THE ROPE LINE IN AMES VO
Her early advantages : A sharp intellect , showcased in almost two - dozen debates .
Plausibility as a strong commander in chief A master political strategist at her side .
And ?
being a woman .
This excited millions of voters .
But she was sometimes torn about how to address this not - so - hidden biographical detail .
ON CAMERA HILLARY ( IN AMES ) ? I? m excited to be running as a women but I ? m not running as a woman , I ?m running because I think I ? m the most qualified and experienced person to hit the ground running in January 2009 .?
HER AND BILL HUGGING THE 1984 VIDEO VO
But there were forces , great and small , working against her .
One was a perception of her as distant and imperious , a symbol of the old order .
A video in early 2007 caught that Zeitgeist and became a phenomenon .
THE VIDEO CLIPS FROM THE 1984 VIDEO ? woman throwing the hammer ?
SHOT OF HILLARY AS FIRST LADY LEADI -IN TO THE COOKIE AND TEAS CLIP VO Another underlying problem — high negatives .
During almost two decades in the national spotlight , Mrs. Clinton was seen as a polarizing figure .
ON CAMERA COOKIES AND TEA ?
I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas .? ??????????????????
VO
She spent considerable time trying to fashion this negative into a positive .
NEED : I?VE STOOD UP TO THE RIGHT - WING ATTACK MACHINE .
???????????????????
VO
Another problem , especially in a Democratic primary , was her Senate vote in 2002 to authorize the use of force in Iraq .
This left her vulnerable to a challenge .
OBAMA AT HIS ANNOUNCEMENT : ?MOST OF YOU KNOW I OPPOSED THIS WAR FROM THE START .
I THOUGHT IT WAS A TRAGIC MISTAKE .?
VO Mrs. Clinton could not have anticipated the appeal or the power of Barack Obama , a young , charismatic African - American .
While she had positioned herself as the candidate of experience , Mr. Obama came to embody a message of change that voters yearned for .
It was a message she could only grasp at .
HER IN THE DEBATE ?
I want to make change , but I ?ve already made change , I will continue to make change .
I ? m not just running on a promise of change , I ?m running on 35 years of change .?
MAYBE OBAMA TOUTING THE MILLION DONORS GRAPHIC VO Mr. Obama would develop a few more advantages as well .
He harnessed the Internet and inspired millions of small donors to give ?
raising much more money , it turned out , than the formidable Clinton machine .
PAUSE
There was also the media , which , especially early on , tended to focus on Mr. Obama ?s charisma and meteoric rise , OFTEN presenting him in a favorable light .
Coverage of Mrs. Clinton tended to focus on the personal , on her so - called baggage .
The tone was often harsh and , some said , sexist .
There were some over the top examples .
CHRIS MATTHEWS ?
The reason she ;s a candidate for president , the reason she may be a frontrunner , is that her husband messed around .
That ?s how she got to be Senator from New York .?
VO
And yet for much , Mrs. Clinton exhuded confidence of 2007 but in October , there was the first chink in the armor : a poor debate performance when she seemed to argue both for and against drivers licenses for illegal immigrants .
FROM THE DEBATE CLINTON : I did not say that it should be done , but I certainly recognize why Governor Spitzer is trying to do it .
And we have failed - SEN .
DODD : Wait a minute .
No , no , no .
You said yes , you thought it made sense to do it .
SEN .
CLINTON : No , I did n’t , Chris .
VO
It reinforced the stereotype of her as calculating and would become a turning point in the campaign .
OBAMA IOWA VICTORY SPEECH ?
they said this day would never come ?
SHOTS OF A CAUCUSES MAYBE SOME OF THE FUNKY GOTV STUFF VO
The first REAL confirmation of trouble came with the first contest , in Iowa .
SHE SPENT LAVISHLY ?AND CAME IN THIRD .
She recovered in New Hampshire - with a show of emotion .
ON SCREEN HER CRYING ?
Some of us put ourselves out there and do this , against some pretty difficult odds .?
ON SCREEN Voter : Cheer Up Hillary : I will , we ?re gonna do it Voter :
We will Hillary : Thank you , bless you .
ON SCREEN VICTORY SPEECH ?
Over the last week , I listened to you and in the process , I found my own voice .?
SHOT OF THE BUS WITH THE BIG SLOGAN PASSING BY VO
But the win in New Hampshire brought only temporary relief .
NAT SOUND OF THE BUS DRIVING BY CROSSFADE TO BILL CLINTON TAKING STAGE AT A SOLO EVENT ?
THANK YOU THANK YOU ?
BILL CLINTON AT A SOLO EVENT VIDEO OF ?
FAIRY TALE .?
FOOTAGE FROM THE DEBATE BILL WORKING THE CROWD VIDEO : JESSE JACKSON CLIP VO
An increasing distraction was Bill Clinton who began attacking Mr. Obama ?s image as a new kind of politician .
CLIP OF ?
FAIRY TALE ? ?
This whole thing is the biggest fairy tale I ;ve ever seen .? ?????????????????.
VO
At times , he threatened to dominate the storyline .
COULD RE - RECORD THIS ?
AT AN EARLIER RECORDING AND SOUNDS SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT SANDWICHED BETWEEN THE TWO CLIP FROM DEBATE Hillary : Well , I ? m here , he ?s not .
Obama : I can ?t tell who I ?m running against sometimes .
?????????????????..
VO
He also angered many blacks and other voters , who thought he was marginalizing Mr. Obama .
?????????????????..
CLIP : ?JESSE JACKSON ?
? Jesse Jackson won south carolina in 1984 and 1988 .?
ONE MORE SHOT OF BILL BLACK AUDIENCE MEMBERS BEING ENTHUSED FOR OBAMA VO
Black voters , once the Clintons base , would MOVE DECISIVELY to Mr. Obama .
NAT POP OF AN OBAMA CHEERING CROWD SHOT OF CLINTON WITH AN AIDE WHISPERING IN HER EAR ONE MORE HILLARY AND AN AIDE WHISPERING HILLARY PHONE BANK VARIOUS OBAMA ORGANIZATION .
VO
Meanwhile , the campaign had put in place a flawed strategy ?
they relied completely on winning big states on Super Tuesday .
But the results were a wash .
And in perhaps the SINGLE biggest miscalculation of the campaign , they had no plan for the states that followed .
Back when the primaries were beginning , Mrs. Clinton had discounted the states that followed February 5th .
HILLARY ( ON THIS WEEK ) ? I ? m in it for the long run .
It ?s not a very long run .
It will be over by february 5th .?
VO Mr. Obama HAD planned ahead and built a powerhouse organization .
OBAMA ORGANIZER ?
So this is all franklin county .?
GRAPHIC SHOWING THE OBAMA STATES V. THE CLINTON STATES ????????????????.
CLEAR AT -A - GLANCE BAR GRAPHIC SHOWING OBAMA DELEGATE LEAD .
VO
Over the next month , he racked up a string of victories .
This is when he established his lead in delegates .
He WOULD NEVER LOSE it .
OBAMA ON SCREEN OBAMA ( POTOMAC VICTORY SPEECH ) ?
We have now run east and west , north and south and across the heartland of this country we love .?
PATTY SOLIS DOYLE FADING INTO MAGGIE WILLIAMS SHOT OF MARK PENN HILLARY CLINTON AT THE ECONOMIC SOLUTIONS SUMMIT IN ZANESVILLE OHIO HILLARY OFFICE WITH THE WORD ?
OHIO ?
ON THE WALL A LILY - WHITE HILLARY CROWD HILLARY OUTSIDE IN THE RAIN WORKING A CROWD HILLARY AT A RALLY VO ( BEN ?
WEIRD HERE TO HAVE A PICTURE OF THE RELATIVELY ANONYMOUS PATTY JUST AS WE ARE SAYING ?
DOWN BUT NOT OUT ? ?
MAYBE SOMETHING ELSE TO OPEN THIS SEGMENT )
Down but not out , Mrs. Clinton shuffled her staff .
She demoted Mark Penn , her top strategist , who was a divisive figure .
She also turned her message to bread - and - butter issues .
HILLARY IN ZANESVILLE EDUCATION QUOTE ? final topic is education and workforce development ?
??????????????..
VO
She was losing the delegate math but in early March , the calendar turned to states with demographics favorable to her : older , white , and working class .
One of the surprises of the campaign was how much Hillary Clinton , once the candidate of the establishment , became the champion of the downtrodden .
ROCKY HILLARY ON STAGE AS THE ROCKY THEME PLAYS ON CAMERA Hillary after winning Pa ?
I ? m in this race to fight for you ?
HILLARY AND BILL ON STAGE AT THE RALLY OBAMA SITTING AMONG WHITE VOTERS BOSNIA B-ROLL VO
In some ways , she was hitting her stride .
She won some big states and those wins exposed an Mr. Obama weakness with white , working class voters .
But she also created problems for herself , sometimes she said things that she had to retract .
QUICK CLIP BOSNIA ?
I remember landing under sniper fire .
Vo Voters found her increasingly untrustworthy .
HER GETTING IN A CAR SAYING THANKS GUYS ( BEN ?
I DON ?T GET WHAT THIS CLIP IS ABOUT .
DOESN ?T LOOK UNTRUSTWORTHY PER SE ) LITTLE MORE BOSNIA DAY B - ROLL WIDE SHOT OF A BIG OBAMA RALLY VO
She was winning states but could n?t catch him .
And he was the one who became inevitable .
ON CAMERA OBAMA ? we are at the threshold of being able to attain this nomination .?
WHERE ?
WHEN ?
VARIOUS FOOTAGE FROM THE MAY 21 MIAMI RALLY VO
As the campaign moved THROUGH TO THE LAST STATES ON THE CALENDAR , she pinned her fading hopes on superdelegates , trying to persuade them of two things : that she had won the overall popular vote , counting florida and Michigan , and that she would be a stronger candidate in November .
HILLARY ?
Look at the states I ?ve won , look at the states I ?m leading in , look at the electoral map .
It is clear that I am the stronger candidate against john mccain .?
VO
She complained that the obama campaign and the media were trying to push her out of the race but while explaining that long campaigns were nothing new , she used language that created an uproar .
?
We all remember bobby kennedy was assassinated in June in california ?
VO
And with that , her chances seemed to diminish further .
VO
Not many people predicted that things would turn out this way .
While there were strategic blunders , questions about this race always come back to Mrs. Clinton .
Was her problem that she was a woman or THIS woman ?
Had Clinton fatigue set in even before the race began ?
How much was the media to blame ?
Or was she JUST out of synch in a year of change — against a candidate perceived as transformational ?
Any future Clinton candidacy will no doubt grapple with these questions .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China on Sunday became the latest country to declare war on plastic bags in a drive to save energy and protect the environment .
Under new regulations , flimsy bags under 0.025 millimeters thick are banned and shopkeepers must charge for carrier bags .
Those found breaking the law face fines and could have their goods confiscated .
Shoppers in downtown Beijing and in Internet chatrooms seemed largely sympathetic to the idea .
China , which gets through three billion plastic bags a day , is increasingly aware of the damage to the environment caused by its breakneck growth .
“ Sorry , I ca n’t give you a plastic bag .
It ’s illegal from today , ” said one young woman , Zhang Lihua , who was selling cosmetics in a department store in the capital .
China , which consumes 37 million barrels of crude oil each year to manufacture more than one trillion plastic bags , is following in the footsteps of countries such as Ireland , Rwanda and Bangladesh .
Italy is due to introduce a ban by 2010 .
“ To protect the environment , they should n’t provide plastic bags , ” said one Internet posting on sina.com .
“ As time goes on , people will get into the habit of carrying their own bags when they go shopping . ”
Sceptics say the fate of the initiative will depend on how diligent police and inspectors are in enforcing the law .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ Is there a ban on plastic bags ? ” asked a man in a cake shop .
“ I did n’t know .
Anyway , maybe it ’ll take effect next month .
I ’m sure no one is going to enforce that today . ”
Ultra - thin bags are the main target of the crackdown because they are typically used once and then thrown away , littering streets , fields and streams and creating what the Chinese call “ white pollution ” .
Chen Wei , a seller of steamed bread buns in central Beijing , was still using ultra - thin bags on Sunday .
“ When I ’ve used them all up , I ’ll stop .
Then my customers will have to bring their own bags , or I will charge them two mao ( $ 0.03 ) or so for a bag , ” Chen said .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
Almost no one in America would admit to being overpaid , but many of us take home bloated paychecks far beyond what we deserve .
" Fair compensation " is a relative term , yet HR consultants and executive headhunters agree some jobs command excessive pay that can't be explained by labor supply - and - demand imbalances .
And while it 's easy to argue chief executives , lawyers and movie stars are overpaid , reality is not that cut and dried .
Corporate attorneys earn $ 500 - plus an hour and plaintiffs lawyers pocket a third of big personal - injury settlements , but local prosecutors and public defenders get paid little in comparison .
Specialty surgeons may earn $ 1 million or more , while some family - practice doctors are hard - pressed to pay off medical - school loans .
Hollywood stars making $ 20 million a movie or $ 10 million per TV - season qualify for many people 's overpaid list .
But for every one of those actors and actresses , there are a thousand waiting tables and taking bit movie parts or regional theater roles awaiting a big break that never comes .
Join the " Shades of Green " discussion .
" A lot of people are overpaid because there are certain things consumers just do n't want screwed up , " said Bill Coleman , senior vice president of compensation for Salary.com .
" You would n't want to board a plane flown by a second - rate pilot or hire a cheap wedding photographer to record an event you hope happens once in your lifetime .
" With pro athletes , one owner is willing to pay big money for a star player and then all the other players want to keep up with the Joneses , " Coleman said .
" The art with CEO pay is making sure your CEO is above the median -- and you see where that goes . "
What follows is a list of the 10 most overpaid jobs in the U.S. , in reverse order , drafted with input from compensation experts :
10 ) Wedding photographers
Photographers earn a national average of $ 1,900 for a wedding , though many charge $ 2,500 to $ 5,000 for a one - day shoot , client meeting and processing time that runs up to 20 hours or more , and the cost of materials .
The overpaid ones are the many who admit they only do weddings for the income , while quietly complaining about the hassle of dealing with hysterical brides and drunken reception guests .
They mope through the job with the attitude : " I 'm just doing this for the money until Time or National Geographic calls . "
Much of their work is mediocre as a result .
How often have you really been wowed flipping the pages of a wedding album handed you by recent newlyweds ?
Photographers who long for the day they can say " I do n't do weddings " should leave the work to the dedicated ones who do .
9 ) Major airline pilots
While American and United pilots recently took pay cuts , senior captains earn as much as $ 250,000 a year at Delta , and their counterparts at other major airlines still earn about $ 150,000 to $ 215,000 - several times pilot pay at regional carriers - for a job that technology has made almost fully automated .
By comparison , senior pilots make up to 40 percent less at low - fare carriers like Jet Blue and Southwest , though some enjoy favorable perks like stock options .
That helps explain why their employers are profitable while several of the majors are still teetering on the brink of bankruptcy .
The pilot 's unions are the most powerful in the industry .
They demand premium pay as if still in the glory days of long - gone Pan Am and TWA , rather than the cutthroat , deregulated market of under - $ 200 coast - to - coast roundtrips .
In what amounts to a per- passenger commission , the larger the plane , the more they earn - even though it takes little more skill to pilot a jumbo jet .
It 's as much the airplane mechanics who hold our fate in their hands .
8 ) West Coast longshoremen
In early 2002 , West Coast ports shut down as the longshoremen 's union fought to preserve generous health - care benefits that would make most Americans drool .
The union did n't demand much in wage hikes for good reason :
Its members already were making a boatload of money .
Next year , West Coast dockworkers will earn an average of $ 112,000 for handling cargo , according to the Pacific Maritime Association , their employer .
Office clerks who log shipping records into computers will earn $ 136,000 .
And unionized foremen who oversee the rank - and - file will pull down an average $ 177,000 .
Unlike their East Coast union brethren who compete with non-union ports in the South and Gulf of Mexico , the West Coast stevedores have an ironfisted lock on Pacific ports .
Given their rare monopoly , they can disrupt U.S. commerce -- as they did during the FDR years -- and command exorbitant wages , even though their work is more automated and less hazardous than in the days of " On the Waterfront . "
7 ) Skycaps at major airports
Many of the uniformed baggage handlers who check in luggage at curbside at the busiest metro airports pull in $ 70,000 to $ 100,000 a year -- most of it in cash .
On top of their salaries , peak earners can take in $ 300 or more a day in tips .
Sound implausible ?
That amounts to a $ 2 tip from 18 travelers an hour on average .
Many tip more than that .
While most skycaps are cordial , a good many treat customers with blank indifference , knowing harried travelers do n't want to brave counter check - ins , especially in the post 9/11 age .
6 ) Real estate agents selling high - end homes
Anyone who puts in a little effort can pass the test to get a real estate agent 's license , which makes the vast sums that luxury - home agents earn stupefying .
While most agents hustle tail to earn $ 60,000 a year , those in affluent areas can pull down $ 200,000 - plus for half the effort , courtesy of the fatter commissions on pricier listings .
Luxury home agents live off the economy 's fat , yet many put on airs as if they 're members of the class whose homes they 're selling , and eye underdressed open - house visitors as if they 're casing the joint .
5 ) Motivational speakers and ex-politicians on the lecture circuit
Whether it's for knighted ex-Mayor Rudy Guiliani or Tom " In Search of Excellence " Peters , corporate trade groups pay astronomical sums to celebrity - types and political has - beens to address their convention audiences .
Former President Reagan raised the bar back in 1989 when he took $ 2 million from Japanese business groups for making two speeches .
Bill Clinton earned $ 9.5 million on 60 speeches last year , though most of those earnings went to charity and to fund his presidential library .
The national convention circuit's shame is that it blows trade - group members ' money on orators whose speeches often have been warmed over a dozen times .
4 ) Orthodontists
For a 35 - hour workweek , orthodontists earn a median $ 350,000 a year , according to the Journal of Clinical Orthodontics .
General dentists , meanwhile , earn about half as much working 39 hours a week on average , in a much dirtier job .
The difference in their training is n't like that of a heart surgeon vs. a family - practice doctor .
It 's a mere two years , and a vastly rewarding investment if you 're among the chosen : U.S. dental schools have long been criticized for keeping orthodontists in artificially low supply to keep their income up .
This is n't brain surgery : Orthodontists simply manipulate teeth in a growing child 's mouth -- and often leave adjustment work to assistants whose handiwork they merely sign off on .
What makes their windfall egregious is that they stick parents with most of the inflated bill , since orthodontia insurance benefits cover nowhere near as large a percentage as for general dentistry .
3 ) CEOs of poorly performing companies
Most U.S. chief executives are vastly overpaid , but if their company is rewarding shareholders and employees , producing quality products of good value and being a responsible corporate citizen , it 's hard to take issue with their compensation .
CEOs at chronically unprofitable companies and those forever lagging industry peers stand as the most grossly overpaid .
Most know they should resign -- in shareholders ' and employees ' interest -- but they survive because corporate boards that oversee them remain stacked with friends and family members .
The ultimate excess comes after they 're finally forced out , usually by insiders tired of seeing their own stock holdings plummet .
These long - time losers draw multimillion - dollar severance packages as a reward for their failed stewardship .
2 ) Washed - up pro athletes in long - term contracts
Pro athletes at the top of their game deserve what they earn for being the best in their business .
It 's those who sign whopping , long - term contracts after a few strong years , and then find their talents vanish , who reap unconscionable sums of money .
NBA player Shawn Kemp , for instance , earned $ 10 million in a year he averaged a pathetic 6.1 points and 3.8 rebounds a game .
Atlanta Braves pitcher Mike Hampton earned $ 9.5 million -- in the second year of an eight - year , $ 121 million contract -- while compiling a 7 - 15 won-loss record for the Colorado Rockies with a pitiful earned - run average of 6.15 .
Thank the players ' unions for refusing to negotiate contracts based on performance -- and driving up the cost of tickets to levels unaffordable for a family of four , especially for football and basketball .
They point to owners as the culprits , yet golf star Tiger Woods and tennis champ Serena Williams earn their keep based on their performance in each tournament .
1 ) Mutual - fund managers
Everyone on Wall Street makes far too much for the backbreaking work of moving money around , but mutual fund managers are emerging as among the most reprehensible .
This is n't kicking 'em when they 're down , given the growing fund - industry scandal .
They 've been long overpaid .
Stock - fund managers can easily earn $ 500,000 to $ 1 million a year including bonuses -- even though only 3 in 10 beat the market in the last 10 years .
Now we discover an untold number enriched themselves and favored clients with illegally timed trades of fund shares .
That 's a worse betrayal of trust than the corporate scandals of recent years , since they 're supposed to be on the little person 's side .
Put aside what fund managers earn and consider their bosses .
Putnam 's ex-CEO Lawrence J. Lasser 's income rivals the bloated pay package that sparked New York Stock Exchange President Dick Grasso 's ouster .
Lasser 's take :
An estimated total of $ 163 million over the last five years .
If only we were all so fortunate .
June 17 , 2008 --
An antioxidant found in red wine and grapes known as resveratrol -- already thought to help keep the heart healthy and ward off cancer -- may also turn out to be a fat fighter , according to new research .
In the laboratory , exposure to resveratrol prevented pre-fat cells , termed pre-adipocytes , from increasing and from converting into mature fat cells , according to Martin Wabitsch , MD , PhD , a researcher from the University of Ulm in Ulm , Germany .
Wabitsch presented the findings this week at ENDO 08 , The Endocrine Society 's 90th annual meeting in San Francisco .
" We have to show it works in the same way in human beings , " Wabitsch tells WebMD .
The hope , he says , is to continue the research and , if it bears out , develop drugs that will use the same mechanism as the resveratrol in controlling the fat cells .
Before I write anything else , I want to unequivocally explain that I think natural disasters are terrible .
They cause countless deaths and incredible human suffering .
With that being understood , I often find myself believing that things happen in nature for a reason , and so I started to ponder what some of the good aspects to natural disasters might be .
I ’ve come up with three ideas about what might be some positive consequences of natural disasters .
1. Natural Disasters Provide People with a Greater Respect & Appreciation for Nature
I currently live in Peru , and nowhere else has it been more obvious that natural disasters have influenced how people view and think about nature ’s power .
There are few people I have met in my travels in Peru who believe that they can control nature .
Earthquakes are common in Peru , and have had a devastating effect here .
In 1970 , perhaps the worst modern earthquake in the western hemisphere occurred in Peru , killing an estimated 70,000 people and leaving over half a million people homeless .
The Peruvian Highlands city of Huaraz , where I currently live , was leveled .
A city about an hour north of Huaraz called Yungay , was swept over in seconds by an avalanche triggered atop Mt. Huascaran .
Among the 18,000 people living in that city , almost all were killed in seconds .
My wife ’s family were among a handful of survivors in a small town called San Marcos ( also nearby ) that was completely devastated by the earthquake .
I bring all of these things up , because I have personally witnessed how much the people in the Highlands Region of Peru , people like my parents - in - law , have ritualized their respect of nature into their culture .
Last month in Huaraz , a festival in honor of the earthquake patron saint was held for a week in entirety .
In traditional dress , every day local citizens marched through the city dancing and playing instruments in honor of El Senor de la Soledad ( Our Lord of Solitude ) .
Each smaller community in the region also holds events and dances of these kinds .
I doubt that these kinds of cultural understandings and respect for nature ’s power are unique to Peru .
In addition to providing people with a greater respect for nature , natural disasters probably also build cultural bonds through a shared experience , and consequently therefore strengthen community ties and heritage .
2. Natural Disasters Give Communities a Chance to Improve Infrastructure and Re-Prioritize Community Needs
In regard to this potentially positive aspect to natural disasters , it ’s hard not to think of New Orleans , Louisiana , and other places in the American South that were devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2006 2005 .*
I ’m not extremely familiar with how much progress has been made , but I remember reading about countless opportunities that were presented after Katrina to do things like rebuild shoddy homes , provide new jobs and health services to impoverished communities , and improve natural , ecological buffers so that a disaster on this scale could not happen again .
I even remember that Brad Pitt received some publicity for co-sponsoring a sustainable design competition to help rebuild the city in a positive manner .
In Huaraz , Peru after the 1970 earthquake , buildings were constructed with a greater emphasis on anti-seismic measures .
The adobe buildings that typified Huaraz prior to the earthquake did not tend to survive the earth ’s movements .
Now in Huaraz , beauty takes a backseat to safety , as the buildings and city are not extremely attractive .
But these improvements to buildings show that the people of Huaraz have re-prioritized their own safety over aesthetics .
The Peruvian government also in response has built preventative retaining walls and dams around and near high alpine lakes .
Overflow from the lakes was largely responsible for causing huge mudslides immediately after the 1970 earthquake .
3. Research Has Shown That Natural Disasters Might Have Some Positive Ecological Effects
Did you know that hurricanes and tropical storms help distribute the Earth ’s heat ?
Without the transfer of this heat from the Tropics to the Earth ’s poles , climates might get totally out of whack .
Large storms and the tremendous amounts of rainfall they bring with them are also beneficial to ecosystems and human agricultural needs .
Researchers from Duke University ’s School of Environment and Earth Sciences also say that without hurricanes , barrier islands on coast lines and their ecosystems would not survive .
Of course while these are some positive benefits , it should be noted that hurricanes and the flooding they can cause might affect ecosystems negatively and , of course , harm the lives of a significant amount of people .
Fires are another natural disaster that can benefit ecosystems .
They can eliminate unwanted invasive plants from certain ecosystems ( but can also help spread them ) , enrich soils with fresh nutrients , and encourage greater plant diversity .
Animals are also sometimes attracted to the new growth in fresh burn areas .
Some plants are even dependent upon fire for their seeds to sprout in the long - term , and use fire to their advantage .
Are There More Positive Things to Say About Natural Disasters ?
As I wrote in the very beginning , my intention is not to dismiss and disrespect the human suffering caused by natural disasters .
But seeing as that almost every day the media reports depressing news and stories about natural disasters , it seems like a good thing to consider the potential positive sides to these events .
In addition to the three major benefits I have written about ( 1 . people gaining greater appreciation for nature , 2 . the chance to rebuild communities positively and re-prioritize needs and 3 . the potential benefits to ecosystems ) , are there other positive aspects to natural disasters that you can think of ?
If so , please share your thoughts in the comments section .
Related Stories on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : GISUser.com on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
* The article originally stated incorrectly that Hurricane Katrina occurred in 2006 .
An independent think tank has today blamed the government 's increasing reliance on " anti-paedophile " criminal record checks for making UK adults scared to have any contact with other people 's children .
Civitas ' report Licensed to Hug claims the checks have driven suspiscion of all adults , which has led in turn to a breakdown of communities .
Afraid to tell off or even talk to misbehaving children , adults have become " deskilled " in dealing with younger generations , it argues .
It 's claimed one in four will be subject to checks once the forthcoming Independent Safeguarding Authority , mandated by the Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups Act 2006 , begins work in 2009 .
It will run alongside the existing Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) .
University of Kent sociology professor Frank Furedi , the report 's author , writes : " When parents feel in need of official reassurance that other parents have passed the paedophile test before they even start on the pleasantries , this indicates that something has gone badly wrong in our communities . "
The CRB yesterday trumpeted that it had blocked 20,000 " unsuitable workers " from 3.4 million checks in 2007 * .
The CRB says its capacity is " in excess of 300,000 " checks per month , which means that when it processes 3.6 million requests in 2008 , it will be working at its maximum .
The Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups
Act , passed in the wake of the Soham murders , greatly extends the number of jobs that require a criminal record check .
Estimates say 11.3 million will be vetted by the Independent Safeguarding Authority database , over a quarter of the adult population .
This , argues Furedi , will only intensify the atmosphere of suspiscion and fear .
He writes : " We should question whether there is anything healthy ... in a response where communities look at children 's own fathers with suspicion , but would balk at helping a lost child find their way home . "
CRB checks have also had a chilling effect on children 's sports and social clubs , where potential volunteers are put off by the assumption that they might be a child abuser .
Earlier this month the CRB sought to clarify who it says needs to be vetted , but Civitas cites a survey last year that found 13 per cent of men would not volunteer as a result of the process .
The think tank sympathises with that hesitance , given a culture that has made all adults " in the regulatory and public imagination into potential child abusers , barred from any contact with children until the database gives them the green light " .
Furedi calls on the government to accept that most adults are n't paedophiles , to trust parents to protect their own children and to halt the " juggernaut of regulation " .
More frequent contact and openness between adults and kids would benefit everyone , he concludes . ®
* The Home Office press release also announces that in almost 9 out of 10 cases where the applicant had a criminal record , it did not stop them being employed .
Some use the Force .
Others just need the delete key .
Still , we 're really enjoying this fontified Darth Vader — especially the subtle use of color with his red equals sign lightsaber .
To see the Death Star in fonts , hit the jump .
Advertisement
Who knew it was so simple to draw an X Wing ?
Chances are that our site will cut off part of that second image , so make sure to hit up the third link to see the whole thing .
[ Ironic Sans via BBGadgets and Justin Chrisostomo ]
Enlarge
When the Once - ler 's factories pollute the area , the Lorax , above , sends the Bar - baloots to look for a better home .
GOING GREEN GOING GREEN
Latest news :
On environment | From Green House blog | Quiz :
What 's your eco-score ?
Earth Day : Your photos |
Ways to help Green homes : 10 tips for building one | Room - by - room energy savings Backyard : Certify it a wildlife habitat | Organic gardening Looking ahead : Houses of 2020 Looking back : 40 years in the making Greenest colleges , cars and more EASY TO BE GREEN EASY TO BE GREEN
As the world 's rain forests disappear , one of Dr. Seuss ' most powerful and controversial characters has been summoned back into action to issue a post - millennium warning .
The Lorax , the story of a furry - cheeked little creature who fights to save the environment from the greedy Once-ler , has been a perennial favorite of kids and parents since it was published in 1971 .
Now , Dr. Seuss Enterprises is teaming with Conservation International and Random House to use The Lorax to help save the forests .
The book is being reprinted with a special environmental message that describes " The Lorax Project , " which is being launched today in honor of Earth Day .
Ten percent to 15 % of profits from the book and from Earth - friendly consumer products featuring the Lorax 's image will be used to stop deforestation in Madagascar , Brazil and China .
It 's time to remind people of the Lorax 's message , says Susan Brandt , executive vice president of Dr. Seuss Enterprises in California , which owns the rights to the works of author Theodor Seuss Geisel ( 1904 - 1991 ) , beloved for such quirky children 's books as The Cat in the Hat and Green Eggs and Ham .
" Ted Geisel wrote the book in 1971 , and we all are just catching up with him , " Brandt says .
" We woke up to his message finally .
Not just Americans — the global community as a whole . "
The Lorax became a cultural icon as a cautionary tale about the dangers of industrialization .
It was banned in a California school district , and the band Rage Against the Machine used its image as cover art .
After it was published , several timber industry groups underwrote a book called The Truax with a pro-tree - cutting hero .
The Lorax depicts how the Once- ler came upon a beautiful landscape filled with colorful Truffula Trees , playful Brown Bar - ba - loots and Swomee - Swans .
His first thought , however , was to exploit .
He begins cutting down the Truffula Trees and using them to make sweaterlike " Thneeds " ( which " EVERYONE needs ! " ) , then builds a factory to speed production .
The Lorax , a " mossy " manlike creature , tries repeatedly to stop the destruction .
The book 's depiction of how environmental destruction is bad for everyone is especially relevant to today 's world , says Leeanne Alonso , director of Conservation International 's rapid assessment program .
Her job sends her to some of the most fragile areas on the planet .
These include 34 " hot spots " marked by high biodiversity , endemic species ( ones found only there ) and the loss of 70 % of their original tree cover .
Three of these , Alonso says , are especially vulnerable : Madagascar , the Atlantic Forest on the east coast of Brazil , and the forest of Southwest China .
How important are the 34 hot spots ?
More than 50 % of all species are found in this tiny fraction of the world 's surface , according to Alonso .
These include 75 % of the world 's most threatened animals , birds and amphibians .
She says the disappearing forests are our Truffula Trees .
The Lorax " was the harbinger of what 's happening now .
He 's saying , ' Stop cutting the forest now , or you 're going to regret it later . '
We 're protecting the forests that are left , like The Lorax is saying . "
Dr. Seuss Enterprises is sending a free digital download of The Lorax to public schools around the country .
The message on the book and products gives The Lorax Project 's Web address , theloraxproject.com , which details how people can lead less environmentally destructive lives .
Companies planning to use the Lorax image on their products include New Leaf Paper , one of the largest environmentally friendly paper companies , and nZANIA , a California apparel company that makes " hoodies , jumpers , little hats , onesies and sweatshirts " popular with kids , Brandt says .
The Lorax message may also appear on children 's bath and beauty products and gardening supplies , she says .
The Lorax ends with a message that Alonso hopes will resonate on Earth Day .
The Once-ler saved a single Truffula Tree seed , which he drops into a little boy 's hands , saying : " Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot , nothing is going to get better .
It 's not . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
NBC News director : Has Fox crossed the line regarding McCain ?
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday June 13 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Huckabee joining Fox News as political commentator Former Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee has been hired by Fox News Channel as a political commentator , and Fox 's critics are certain to raise the roof at the network 's taking on another key supporter of Senator John McCain .
Fox previously drew fire after hiring Karl Rove , a former senior adviser to President Bush , as a political analyst in February .
Bill Shine ,
Fox 's senior vice president of programming , issued a statement saying , " Gov. Huckabee 's campaign experience and knowledge of politics makes him a great addition to our ongoing election coverage . "
Financial terms of the agreement were not released .
Huckabee 's own statement said , " I hope to bring the unique perspective from ' inside the dragon 's belly ' as well as to try and speak for the millions of hardworking middle - class Americans who really do feel that their voices are not being heard . "
Huckabee , an ordained Baptist preacher who served as governor of Arkansas for 10 1 / 2 years , won several caucuses despite a financially strapped campaign but dropped out of the Republican race in March when McCain clinched the nomination .
He has been mentioned as a potential running mate for McCain and has formed a political action committee to help raise money for McCain and other Republicans .
Huckabee is known for his sense of humor , but it got him in trouble last month when he joked at the NRA convention , following a loud noise from backstate , " That was Barack Obama .
He just tripped off a chair .
He 's getting ready to speak and somebody aimed a gun at him and he -- he dove for the floor . "
Fox has been criticized for overlooking Karl Rove 's ties to McCain while employing his services as a commentator .
Amanda Terkel and Matt Corley recently observed in Salon that " Fox News hosts routinely introduce Rove as a ' former senior advisor to President Bush , ' ' the architect , ' a ' political wizard ' and a ' famed political consultant , '
But never has he been introduced as he should be -- as an informal advisor and maxed - out donor to John McCain 's presidential campaign . "
" The ' most influential pundit ' in America , as Fox likes to trumpet , should have to play by the same rules as other high - profile political analysts , " they continued .
" For example , Paul Begala and James Carville are regularly identified as supporters of Hillary Clinton when they appear on CNN .
But Rove has been able to act as an independent observer while criticizing Clinton and Barack Obama , McCain 's likely general election opponent . "
Despite multiple press reports , Rove has denied he is an adviser to McCain .
Fresh questions about Fox News were raised following their exclusive airing on Thursday night of a McCain town hall event held in front of a group of hand - picked supporters .
The event was originally billed as bipartisan , with Senator Barack Obama being invited to participate .
After Obama declined , the McCain campaign first threatened to indicate his absence with an empty chair but scrapped the idea after Fox News took over production .
Fox continued to describe the town hall as bipartisan , with an audience consisting of " Republicans , Democrats , and independents " asking questions that would not be screened in advance .
Only afterwards did Fox offer a " clarification " admitting that " the McCain campaign distributed tickets to supporters , Mayor Bloomberg , who of course is a registered Republican , and other independent groups . "
As John Avarosis at AmericaBlog explained , " Basically FOX was duped into giving McCain an hour of free air time to campaign .
Or , maybe FOX knew it all along , and since they could n't legally donate an hour of free air time to help the Republican presidential candidate , they nudge - nudge - wink - wink were ' tricked ' by McCain into doing it . "
NBC
News political director Chuck Todd appeared equally disgusted when he told Mika Brzezinski on MSNBC 's Morning Joe , " This whole thing , I felt like we crossed a line here .
...
It felt like , wait a minute here , does a news organization want to be comfortable just putting up cameras exclusively ? "
" All of the questions were , ' Why are you so great ? ' " Brzezinski noted .
" When you promise exclusivity and relinquish editorial control , " Todd concluded , " that 's a new world that I do n't think any of us want to be a part of yet . " ( with wire reports )
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast June 13 , 2008 .
Download video
Editor 's note : " Glenn Beck " is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and hosts a conservative national radio talk show .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
There is an industry in this country that is making billions in profit while average Americans are struggling to fill up their gas tanks .
Glenn
Beck says universities should share the wealth from the tax break on their endowments .
It 's an industry that made an average profit of nearly 17 percent in 2007 while most Americans could barely keep up with inflation .
It 's an industry whose members paid a grand total of zero dollars in tax on their endowments last year .
Are you outraged ?
Are you ready to call on Congress to investigate or demand that a " windfall " tax be placed on these egregious profits ?
Well put down the phone because the industry I 'm talking about is Higher Education .
And make no mistake , it is an industry .
The top five college and university endowments reported a combined value of over $ 100 billion at the end of 2007 .
That 's five funds , a hundred billion in cash .
Not a nickel in tax .
Not an ounce of outrage .
Harvard University , which has the largest endowment in the country , has a total of $ 34.6 billion .
To put into perspective just how much money that is , consider that the largest charitable foundation in the world , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , has a total endowment of $ 37.3 billion .
But while their financial statements may look similar , their missions are n't .
The Gates Foundation is working to cure malaria , develop new tuberculosis vaccines , and stop the spread of AIDS .
Most of our colleges and universities are only working to spread the radical political views of some of their professors .
Let me be clear : I have absolutely no problem with Harvard or any other school having billions in cash .
In fact , good for them !
I have no problem with Harvard posting an unbelievable 23 percent rate of return on their money last year .
The truth is , I 'm jealous of it .
I have no problem with the fact that if you project Harvard 's endowment out using their historical rate of return they would have over half a TRILLION dollars in 20 years .
I do n't even have a problem with Harvard not paying one dime of tax on any of that money .
What I do have a problem with -- and it's a big one -- is how Harvard spends that money .
Or , maybe it would be more accurate to say how Harvard , does n't spend that money .
Schools with large endowments ( at least $ 500 million ) reported spending an average of 4.4 percent of their stockpiles in 2007 .
Meanwhile , those same schools made an average of over 19 percent on their money .
But I also have another problem , and that is how these sanctimonious institutions who are so good at complaining about the injustices of our government are nothing but really highly educated hypocrites .
For what 's been estimated to be about $ 300 million a year ( less than 1 percent of their endowment 's value )
Harvard could completely waive tuition , room and board for every single one of their students .
Instead , they announced an increase in those fees of about 3.5 percent for next year .
Being a student at Harvard will now cost a staggering $ 47,215 a year .
Does n't Harvard know how many millions of Americans are struggling to afford college ?
Do n't they want to pay their fair share and help those who are less fortunate ?
Some politicians in Massachusetts who can't stand to see so many billions dangling just out of their reach , have proposed a new tax on large university endowments .
They do n't have a cute name for it yet , so let 's call it an " endowment windfall tax . "
Under their proposal , all endowments over a billion dollars would be taxed at 2.5 percent , a rate any wealthy individual or corporation would salivate over .
The tax would net the state over $ 1.4 billion a year , which is a lot of money considering that Boston currently receives about $ 1.8 million a year from the school .
So how did Harvard , which is basically the Exxon - Mobil of higher education ( minus the accusations of price - gouging ) , react to that proposal ?
In a word , conservatively .
" You 'd be taxing success here , " Kevin Casey , Harvard 's associate vice president for government , community and public affairs complained in a quote that will soon be framed and hung in my office .
" Over time , this would put us at a real competitive disadvantage , which would drastically hurt the Commonwealth . "
No Kevin , you 're looking at it the wrong way .
These politicians are n't trying to hurt you , they 're just trying to level the playing field .
Greater Shrewsbury Liberal Arts Community Technical College for Women down the road is struggling and here you are making billions .
If they could just redistribute some of your profits to GSLACTCFW then everybody would be happy .
Does anyone else find it ironic that universities overflowing with liberal professors ( a 2005 study revealed that 72 percent of professors view themselves that way ) embrace conservative values only when it suits them ?
As a conservative , I do n't believe in taxing anyone just because they have a lot of money or are an easy target .
That applies to individuals , businesses and universities .
I believe that taxing success discourages success , and that 's not what America stands for .
But I also believe in something else : consistency and accountability .
And that 's where most of our colleges and universities fail miserably .
Besides , Harvard , you 're in the wealthiest 1 percent .
Is n't it time to help those who are less fortunate ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) -
People who are bicultural and speak two languages may unconsciously change their personality when they switch languages , according to a U.S. study .
Researchers David Luna from Baruch College and Torsten Ringberg and Laura A. Peracchio from the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee studied groups of Hispanic women , all of whom were bilingual , but with varying degrees of cultural identification .
They found significant changes in self perception or “ frame - shifting ” in bicultural participants -- women who participate in both Latino and Anglo culture .
“ Language can be a cue that activates different culture - specific frames , ” the researchers said in a study published in the Journal of Consumer Research .
While frame - shifting has been studied before , they said this research found that people who are bicultural switched frames more quickly and easily than people who are bilingual but living in one culture .
The researchers said the women classified themselves as more assertive when they spoke Spanish than when they spoke English .
“ In the Spanish - language sessions , informants perceived females as more self - sufficient and extroverted , ” they said .
In one of the studies , a group of bilingual U.S. Hispanic women viewed advertisements that featured women in different scenarios .
The participants saw the ads in one language - English or Spanish - and then , six months later , they viewed the same ads in the other language .
Their perceptions of themselves and of the women in the ads shifted depending on the language .
“ One respondent , for example , saw an ad ’s main character as a risk - taking , independent woman in the Spanish version of the ad , but as a hopeless , lonely , confused woman in the English version , ” said the researchers .
Advertisements
A new Suffolk University poll of Kentucky Democrats reveals that Hillary Clinton holds a 26 point lead over Barack Obama .
Clinton leads Obama 51 % - 25 % with 6 % for John Edwards , 5 % uncommitted , and 11 % undecided .
While Obama has a 73 % approval rating in Oregon , his rating is only 43 % in Kentucky .
This is similar to the 44 % approval rating Obama had with West Virginia Democrats before that state ’s primary .
In Kentucky , only 41 % of Democrats think that Obama will be the next president .
John McCain is second at 25 % , Hillary Clinton is third at 13 % , and 20 % were undecided .
Kentucky voters believed that Clinton is more electable against McCain than Obama by a margin of 46%- 39 % .
Only 41 % of Kentucky ’s Democrats said that they would vote for the Party ’s nominee no matter who that may be .
Twenty eight percent of the state ’s Democrats said that they would switch parties and vote McCain .
Four percent said that they would vote for Ralph Nader , and 24 % were undecided .
It is unusual to see two primaries held in May have such different and lopsided results .
Much of this can be explained by the fact that the candidates have in essence split the two states .
Clinton is spending the bulk of her time in Kentucky , while Obama has been concentrating on Oregon and general election swing states .
Advertisements
The reality for Democrats is that they probably wo n’t win states like West Virginia and Kentucky in the fall .
These states are n’t really in play for November , so why not let Clinton have her moment in the sun ?
She has halted the personal attacks and negative campaigning against Obama .
I think these numbers might really mean something if Obama would have tried to win Kentucky , but he did n’t so there is very little that should be read into either this poll , or the results tomorrow night .
Poll results came from here
Related article by Dan Martin
It sounds too good to be true .
Take some fallow land that is unsuited for growing food .
Build some ponds and let microscopic algae bloom .
Harvest the algae , extract the vegetable oil and turn it into a green - tinged transportation fuel .
The truth is , it is too good to be true -- at least right now .
While engineers can grow small batches of algae in beakers in laboratories and convert it into fuel , re-creating that process on an industrial scale has proved elusive and expensive when compared with the price of gasoline .
Still , ...
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement PlayStation 3 will help
Sony reclaim its position as the leading games console maker , the head of the firm 's console division has said .
Speaking to BBC News , Kaz Hirai said the machine would overhaul rivals Nintendo and Microsoft within its 10 - year lifecycle .
PlayStation 3 sales have outstripped those of Microsoft Xbox 360 in Europe but it lags behind in North America .
Nintendo's
Wii console is the number one next - generation machine globally .
Mr Hirai said Sony was engaged in a " marathon " race with Nintendo and Microsoft .
More than 10.5 million PlayStation 3s were sold worldwide by the end of 2007 .
To date , in Europe more than five million PS3s have been sold .
Nintendo had shipped more than 25 million Wiis worldwide by April this year , while Microsoft reported 19 million 360s shipped by the same period .
Both firms have reported production supply problems in the past year .
I am very confident that after the 10 - year lifecycle we will have the install base that we are looking for and that is obviously to be in the leadership position
Kaz Hirai , Sony Mr Hirai said : " We 've only really begun to scratch the surface with PlayStation 3 but I am confident that given the long life - cycle we have planned for the machine we are going to have a very good install base in all of the major territories .
" I am very confident that after the 10 - year lifecycle we will have the install base that we are looking for and that is obviously to be in the leadership position . "
' Fuel growth ' Mr Hirai said Sony continued to look into the future development of consoles beyond the PlayStation 3 .
He said that while new PlayStation hardware had been introduced five years into the lifecycle of the last two generations of machines , it was difficult to predict when a new PlayStation platform would emerge .
" It 's very difficult to say at this point in time .
" We need to take a look at advances in technology in various areas , such as semiconductors , graphics chips , output devices , mainly TV and monitors , to see where we would like to benchmark our next generation product . "
He said that Sony 's investment in future console hardware technology remained important .
" And you can make the investments , for example , to the tune of the investments we made with previous consoles , because we look at this business as a 10 - year lifecycle .
We do n't let our consoles go by the wayside after five years .
Network gaming " By managing a portfolio of consoles that we have - PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3 - we are able to look at the business in totality . "
Mr Hirai said the company had begun investigation of pure network gaming , without the need for a dedicated console .
" It 's something we would look at .
We have had a lot of discussion internally about where the road map will take us .
PlayStation 3 endured a difficult launch " [ With network gaming ] we 're also dependent on the network infrastructure available in all the territories we do business in .
" Some have faster broadband access than others .
When you consider that content that plays on PlayStation 3 can go as high as 50 GB it 's going to be very difficult to deliver 50 GB to consumers in some parts of the world in a timely fashion . "
Because of the limitations , he said Blu-ray discs remained the " best and most efficient way to deliver content " .
He said sales of PlayStation 3 would continue to be driven by games and by the line - up of titles this year .
" If you look at line - up coming out this year - Metal Gear Solid 4 , Resistance 2 , Motorstorm : Pacific Rift , Little Big Planet , there is a whole raft of titles between now and the end of the year which will really help fuel growth of the install base . "
Mr Hirai described the launch of PlayStation 3 as " difficult " and affected by " teething problems " .
' Some challenges '
" We had some challenges when we launched the PlayStation 3 in major territories .
We were not able to supply North America and Japan with enough units .
" There was also some concern in the media and from customers about the lack of titles available at launch . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said the technology inside the PlayStation 3 had been a steep learning curve for developers .
" I think they are beginning to embrace the technology and are able to express their creativity on the platform certainly more than they were able to at launch . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
By FIONA MACRAE
Last updated at 00:02 07 March 2008
Drug company bosses concealed information about the dangers of the anti-depressant Seroxat for five years while it was still being prescribed to children - yet they will escape prosecution over the cover-up .
Documents released yesterday as part of a four - year criminal investigation into GlaxoSmithKline show that the pharmaceutical giant had evidence that the drug did n't work in children as early as 1998 .
There were also suggestions the firm was aware of possible links to attempted suicides and suicidal thoughts .
But Glaxo did not alert Britain 's drugs ' watchdog to the problem until 2003 , when the suicide link had become clear .
The move led to an almost immediate ban on their use in under - 18s .
Since it was first prescribed in Britain in 1990 , the tablet , which makes GSK £ 1 billion a year , has been associated with at least 50 suicides - both adult and child - in the UK alone .
Yesterday , the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency hit out at Glaxo for withholding the information , and ministers promised to tighten the law .
But the watchdog came under fire itself over the failure to bring criminal proceedings against the firm for the cover up .
Ministers and officials insisted a prosecution was not realistically possible under the law as it stood at the time .
MHRA chief executive Professor Kent Woods said : " I remain concerned that GSK could and should have reported this information earlier than they did .
" All companies have a responsibility to patients and should report any adverse data signals to us as soon as they receive them . "
He said that although the law on disclosure of clinical data had been tightened in recent years , it would now be strengthened again .
In a letter to Glaxo , Professor Woods said : " Such a course of action should be unnecessary in an industry which relies so heavily on public trust and aspires to high ethical standards .
" I would have thought it self - evident that such information should be made available promptly to the regulator in order that action can be taken to public health . "
He added that Glaxo would not be prosecuted , as there was no realistic chance of a conviction under the legislation in place at the time .
However , the criticism may boost the case of British patients privately suing Glaxo after reacting badly when they tried to come off Seroxat .
Charles Medawar , of pharmaceutical watchdog Social Audit , said not just Glaxo but also the MHRA had " a great deal to apologise for " .
He said : " They say the decision not to prosecute was decided by the inadequacy of the law .
" My reaction is that before launching a million - pound investigation it might have been a good suggestion to check what the law actually says . "
Accusing the MHRA of a ' naive and absurd ' level of trust in drug companies , he said : " The deviousness companies employ when promoting their drugs and minimising their side - effects is really quite extraordinary . "
Health Minister Dawn Primarolo said the Government would take " immediate steps " to strengthen the law , making it clear that drugs firms must disclose any information they had which could have a bearing on public health .
Glaxo denied it had withheld data , saying it " firmly believed " it had acted " properly and responsibly " and safety of its medicines was " paramount " .
It said there were no child suicides in any of the safety drug trials it carried out and it was only when the data from all nine trials was analysed together that any link with suicide emerged .
A spokesman added that Seroxat has never been licensed for use in under - 18s in the UK and labelling stated that it was not recommended for children .
However , Seroxat , which is also known as paroxetine , was taken by an estimated 50,000 British children and teenagers before being banned for use in youngsters in 2003 .
Doctors are allowed to prescribe unlicensed drugs .
Prescribed to children as young as six , it was hailed by doctors as a " wonder drug " , capable of helping people overcome shyness .
However , it gradually became clear that the drug , which alters levels of mood - regulating chemicals in the brain , was not all it seemed .
As children taking it began to commit suicide , parents described how their sons and daughters suffered mood swings , nightmares and personality changes .
' It was like giving him a loaded gun '
Jamie Hoole was just 18 when he was prescribed Seroxat for depression .
Two months later , he killed himself .
His mother Jean Bambrough is convinced he would still be alive had it not been for Seroxat .
Miss Bambrough , 47 , said : ' It was like prescribing him a loaded gun .
" Jamie was depressed but I strongly believe he would n't have done what he did if it was n't for Seroxat . "
The talented pianist and artist was given Seroxat after he lost his self - confidence and started to withdraw from everyday life .
Initially , his depression seemed to lift .
Miss Bambrough , a personal assistant who split from Jamie 's father 20 years ago , said : " For the first few days , he was smiling and looked happy .
" But that did n't last long .
He became very agitated and could n't sleep .
He was having really awful dreams .
" He could n't keep still and rocked backwards and forwards .
He thought he was going mad . "
Jamie , a builder , then turned to self - harming , cutting his arms , legs and stomach with a knife .
Not long afterwards , his brother Daniel , then 13 , came home from school to find him hanging from a belt in a bedroom of the family home in Northwood , North - West London .
An inquest into his death concluded it may have been " wholly or in part " linked to his use of the drug .
After the inquest in 2003 Miss Bambrough said : " All data on drugs should be made public before they are used on anyone - adults or children . "
Another Seroxat patient , Laura Davey , now in her 20s , was put on Seroxat because she was suffering from depression .
But instead of making her better the drug led to her self - harming .
She said : " As soon as I was put on Seroxat I started cutting myself every day .
I was sitting in my bedroom with a compasses or a knife and I would slit my wrist so there would be blood . "
Grille Guards
Grille guards represent a valuable segment of car accessories .
While many aftermarket parts serve mainly an aesthetic function , grille guards , can offer a superior safety protection .
Car and truck grille guards are made to protect grilles from suffering the consequences of daily motoring .
The aftermarket grille guard is essentially a metal grille protector from tiny rocks and pebbles .
It also shields the car , like a heavy - duty armor would , against collisions and bumps that may leave bigger and more noticeable marks on the grille .
Think about all the minor accidents that are possible in everyday life .
There 's the shopping cart that was just out of your field of vision .
The pole you did n't see until the last minute .
Dirt and debris that can come out of nowhere and shatter your headlights .
For the cost of one set of grille guards , you can protect your vehicle against all of these .
Aside from the usual protection it offers , grille guards also protect the radiator that is typically behind the grille .
Most types of truck grille guards are manufactured from tubular steel .
The best grille guards feature a rust resistant coating and are made of extremely sturdy metal .
Aside from the protection it gives to your vehicle , grille guards also add a tough aesthetic appeal which will set your truck or car apart from others on the road .
There are a good deal of choices in grille guard color and finish .
Many companies offer stainless steel , chrome and powder coated black truck grille guards .
As far as longevity and looks are concerned , each of these types of finish has something different to offer .
This option depends on the appearance of steel it is made with .
Choose one that meshes seamlessly with the look of your car or truck or make a statement and choose a brightly colored grille guard .
The bars which make up the guards are designed in different configurations too so that you can choose how high and wide the guard comes on the front of the truck .
The availability of different styles gives you an opportunity to choose a version that best fits your needs .
From Conservapedia
An Affirmative Action President is someone selected for that office based partly on the person 's race or gender .
The term carries a negative connotation , implying that the candidate received his position for reasons other than qualifications or abilities .
According to some political commentators , affirmative action was used to fill the position of President of the United States in the 2008 election . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Before the American Civil War , the Democrat Party generally supported slavery and the Dred Scott decision , and after the war passed what are commonly referred to as " Jim Crow " laws to enforce segregation .
The Republican Abraham Lincoln led the opposition to slavery , and ultimately brought about its abolition .
During the Civil Rights Movement in the United States , the Democrat Party introduced legislation that would not only provide equal opportunities for blacks , but would also attempt to correct past and present discriminatory practices .
Supporters of an Affirmative Action President are likely to be liberals , and support a candidate based in part on the candidate 's race or gender in order to bring historical diversity to the position and promote broader acceptance of affirmative action .
Under affirmative action , a candidate 's race or gender is considered to be as important as , and perhaps more important than , traditional criteria of qualifications and experience .
On February 4 , 2008 , ten days after this entry appeared here , Michael Savage commented that , if elected , Barack Hussein Obama will be the first Affirmative Action President , in regards to his comparative lack of political ( or military ) experience . [ 6 ]
On March 12 , 2008 , Joseph Farah , founder of WorldNetDaily.com , published a column entitled , " The Affirmative - Action President . " [ 7 ]
Supporters of affirmative action presidents hold them to different standards ( also see double standard ) compared to no affirmative action presidents .
For example , Barack Obama has presided over a doubling of the gas price and is the first President since Herbert Hoover to have net lost jobs .
However , many liberals are averse to criticizing Obama 's dismal record because they view him as the first half - black President .
Usually , these liberals do not work , may be career students , and have no real understanding about the real world .
See also
References
Let ’s review .
Cops in America are heavily armed and trained to be bullies .
They routinely force their way into situations where they are hardly needed or wanted ; they deliberately escalate confrontations in order to get control of the situation through superior belligerence ; they routinely hurt people , use force first and ask questions later ; and they invariably pass off even the most egregious violence against harmless or helpless people as self - defense or as the necessary means to accomplish a completely unnecessary goal .
In order to to coerce compliance with their arbitrary commands , they have no trouble electrifying small children , pregnant women , 82 year old women who just want their social workers to leave them alone , alleged salad - bar thieves , 75 year old grandmothers guilty of blocking the line at a McDonald ’s drive - through , or an already prone and helpless student who may have been guilty of using the computer lab without proper papers on hand .
They are willing to beat a handcuffed woman bloody for demanding to use the phone , to slam a 13 - year - old boy to the ground and choke him in order to arrest him for the crime of skateboarding in public , to rough up teenaged girls who do n’t clean up enough spilled birthday cake or walk home too late at night , or to throw a quadriplegic man out of his wheelchair for not standing up on command .
When they deal with non-police officers ( the people that we call our friends and neighbors , and who the police contemptuously dismiss as civilians ) , they have been trained to assert full - spectrum dominance at every opportunity , and they are willing to end a tiresome argument with pain compliance techniques , which include pepper spraying lawyers who ask inconvenient questions , or using a 50,000 - volt electric shock to disable an unarmed , retreating woman , or tackling a 17 - year - old girl and tasering her while she lies helpless in her own bed , or shocking a man in front of his family and leaving him lying on the side of the highway ( in order to make absolutely sure they could serve him with a dubious traffic ticket ) .
It hardly matters if you cannot obey their commands because you are sound asleep in your own home .
It hardly matters if you ca n’t move due to a medical condition , or ca n’t hear their bellowed orders because you ’re deaf .
It hardly even matters if you die .
What cops can always count on is that , no matter how aggressively they escalate the confrontation in the name of control , no matter how quickly they resort to violence , and no matter how obviously innocent or helpless their victims are , they can always count on their bosses and their colleagues to repeat absolutely any lie and make absolutely any excuse in order to find that Official Procedures were followed .
As long as Official Procedures were followed , of course , any form of brutality or violence is therefore passed off as OK by the boss cops , and the judgment will be dutifully repeated by fellow cops , by prosecutors , by judges , by much of the news media , and by the hordes of freelance howling cop-enablers who rush into any media forum they can find to publish excuses for any and every cop accused of brutality , while they also use absolutely any means necessary to smear , humiliate and blame any and every victim who ever comes forward .
Even if a cop arrests an assault victim for interfering with the Investigation of her own assault , and then forces her into a cell where she can be strip - searched , over her screams of protest , with male guards wrenching her arms and holding her down , we are informed that these gang rapists were Just Following Orders .
Cops are also elaborately trained in the use and abuse of the legal system , and know very well which judges are most likely to absolve them of any wrongdoing .
The completely unsurprising result is that violent cops hardly ever face any personal costs whatsoever for their actions : if anything happens at all , the worst of it is usually that they are given a paid vacation and an administrative reprimand , or at worst they may be fired .
Even if they are fired , they are hardly ever face legal consequences for their violence , and if they do , the city government can be relied on to settle and force taxpayers to cover the tab .
Even if they are sued , they are hardly ever arrested for their violence .
And even if they are arrested , they are hardly ever convicted .
It does n’t even matter if they as much as confess in open court .
With few exceptions , the best that most victims of police violence can realistically ever hope for by way of compensation is an Oops , our bad , and a Fuck you , civilian is what they are far more likely to get .
No matter how many times these same things happen , again and again , and no matter how often they are repeated within the same police department–or even at the same shift in the same office–and no matter how widely they are repeated in so many different police departments across so many different cities and counties , every time the latest outrage comes up in the newsmedia , a cop mouthpiece can be expected to say , and the establishment media can be expected to dutifully report , that nobody should rush to judgment , that they should dismiss eye - witness testimony and even the evidence of their senses in order to give the cops every possible ( and some impossible ) benefit of the doubt , and that even if these cops did do something wrong , well , it ’s just A Few More Bad Apples committing Yet Another Isolated Incident .
If anyone so much as dares to suggest that something may be systemically wrong here , beyond what can be fixed by punishing a few bad cops , or through superficial reforms and sensitivity training , then they are dismissed by comfortable political Moderates as irresponsible crazies , while cops and their sycophants can be expected to respond with the usual fragile macho flash of crying about how they get no respect , while sanctimoniously bellowing about how they risk so much serving and protecting those who never asked for , and never freely agreed to , their service or their protection .
The result , which is completely predictable and completely outrageous , is that individual cops and entire police departments in America deliberately take on the posture of occupying paramilitary forces , with the express intent of spreading fear in what they regard as hostile territory , and that , on a daily basis , many cops routinely engage in rampant , intense , unchecked violence against anyone and everyone who happens to get in their way or look at them funny , no matter how many options the cops may have and no matter how harmless or helpless their victims may be .
Thus , while investigating his neighbors , they will happily break into a suspect 60 - year - old man ’s home , while he is recovering from surgery , trash his house without a warrant or probable cause , rip a catheter out of his body , and leave him there to suffer without medical attention , even after they apparently found absolutely nothing to indicate his guilt :
HARTFORD , Conn . —
A man alleges that police entered his home illegally and ripped a catheter from his body during a child pornography investigation that led to the arrest of two neighbors .
Andrew Glover , 60 , of New Britain filed a notice with the city Thursday that he intends to pursue a federal civil rights lawsuit .
He accused the officers of inflicting severe injuries as he was recovering from intestinal surgery in February .
Glover ’s lawyer , Paul Spinella , said police entered Glover ’s apartment Jan. 30 and Feb. 28 .
Glover was n’t involved in child pornography , has not been charged and has no criminal record , Spinella said .
The poor guy , Spinella said .
They ripped the catheter off his person .
They assaulted the guy .
He ’s got major problems as a result of this .
He ’s a mess now .
Lt. James Wardwell , a police spokesman , said Friday that the department had not received the intent - to - sue notice and would not comment .
A message was left for the city ’s corporation counsel .
Glover has two years to file a lawsuit in U.S. District Court .
Spinella said officers tossed Glover ’s apartment during a search Jan. 30 .
In February , he said , Glover returned home from the hospital after his surgery to find officers searching his apartment again .
That ’s when they assaulted Glover and left him alone in the apartment without calling for medical help , Spinella said .
The police did n’t have search warrants , Spinella said .
— Associated Press ( 2008-05-09 ) : Connecticut Man Says Cops Broke Into His Home and Ripped Out His Catheter
Meanwhile , in Kamloops , British Columbia , in order to subdue a frail 82 year old man , on an oxygen tank , who had undergone heart bypass surgery , who could not hurt anyone outside the reach of a small knife , cops were willing to blast him three times in the chest with a 50,000 - volt electric shock while he lay helpless in his hospital bed .
Because they had work to get done that night :
An elderly man in Kamloops , B.C. , was zapped three times on the torso by a police stun gun while lying on his hospital bed , CBC News has learned .
Frank Lasser , 82 , appeared fragile Thursday when he showed the Taser marks on his body and talked about the ordeal he went through Saturday .
They [ police ] should have known I had bypass surgery , Lasser told CBC News .
Lasser has had heart surgery and needs to carry an apparatus to supply oxygen at all times .
He was in the Royal Inland Hospital Saturday due to pneumonia but has since been released .
RCMP said nurses called police after Lasser became delirious and pulled a knife out of his pocket .
Lasser told CBC
News that he sometimes becomes delusional when he can’t breathe properly .
He said he could n’t explain why he refused to let go of the knife even after the Mounties arrived .
I was laying on the bed by then and the corporal came in , or the sergeant , I forget which it was , and said to the guys , OK , get him because we got more important work to do on the street tonight , Lasser said .
And then , bang , bang , bang , three times with the laser , and I tell you , I never want that again .
Kamloops RCMP said Thursday that officers had no other option but to deploy the conducted energy weapon when Lasser refused to drop his knife .
— CBC News ( 2008-05-09 ) : RCMP subdue hospitalized man , 82 , with Taser
In Philadelphia , a police commissioner says that , while On the surface , it certainly does not look good , people should not rush to judgment over an aerial video which clearly shows a swarm of Philadelphia police officers dragging suspects out of a car , then repeatedly beating and kicking them while they lay handcuffed and held down on the ground .
Remind me again of how the good guys who do this are morally any different from the Bloods or the Crips ?
The reason that you should suspend your judgment on this vicious gang beat - down of helpless , restrained suspects by a huge crowd of the Gangsters in Blue is that The video is the video …
We have no audio .
You do n’t know what was going on at that moment when the officers approached the vehicle .
There will be an investigation and we will move on .
Well .
I am sure that after The Matter Is Investigated , and nothing of any consequence happens to these dangerous , heavily armed , tightly - organized gangs of batterers , the Philadelphia Police Department and city government sure will move on , with business as usual , and not a damn thing will change .
Besides which , think of how hard the poor cops have it when a fellow cop was killed on the job not long ago .
Because those trained professionals who , at every opportunity , sanctimoniously inform us of all the risks that they voluntarily take on For Our Own Good , cannot possibly be expected to do their jobs without beating the shit out of helpless captives if it should ever happen that one of them is hurt or killed .
This is how these dedicated public servants serve and protect the public : by hurting innocent or helpless people under their power , by taking out the stress and risks of their own chosen profession on members of the public who pose no threat to them , and then by lying , dissembling , making excuses , and crying about it if anyone should happen to take issue with this reign of terror being carried on by peace officers in the name of Public Safety .
Cops are here to protect you .
Cops are here to protect the hell out of you , whether you want it or not , and you had better not get in the way .
When every fucking week brings another story of a Few More Bad Apples causing Yet Another Isolated Incident , and the police department almost invariably doing everything in its power to conceal , excuse , or minimize the violence , even in defiance of the evidence of the senses and no matter how obviously harmless or helpless the victim may be , it beggars belief to keep on claiming that there is no systemic problem here , that cops ought to be given every benefit of the doubt , and that any blanket condemnation of American policing is a sign of hastiness and unfair prejudice .
The plain fact is that what we have here is one of two things : either a professionalized system of control which tacitly permits and encourages cops to exercise this kind of rampant , repeated , intense , and unrepentant abuse against powerless people–or else a system which has clearly demonstrated that it can do nothing effectual to prevent it .
In either case , it is unfit to exist .
( Via Scott Hagaman @ Scottish Nous 2008 - 05 - 10 : Is Bad Cop Redundant Yet ? , Mike Gogulski @ nostate.com 2008-05-09 : Philadelphia police beating restrained suspects : video , Lindsay Beyerstein @ Majikthise 2008-05-09 : Cops tase 82 - year - old heart patient in bed , and Pam Spaulding 2008-05- 09 : Canada : 82 - year old heart patient Tased in hospital bed . )
Further reading :
Clinton clearly has the momentum .
In addition , the backroom deal on Michigan and Florida 's " pledged " delegates helps to blur the line between pledged delegates ( awarded by actual voters and caucus goers , except in Florida and Michigan ) and super delegates ( awarded by Party control freaks ) .
The distinction is , of course , blurred to virtual nonexistence by any media story covering the election , as over 80 percent of media stories now do .
The above calculation does n't count the 19 delegates whom John Edwards has encouraged to back Obama , or the delegates pledged to Clinton who have begun flipping for Obama .
It also does n't count the super delegates , with whom Obama holds a substantial lead , but whom Clinton fully expects to win over en masse any day now .
Experts agree that Clinton stands a good and improving chance of pulling out a victory in the end , given her momentum , determination , and appeal to dumb people .
Like soccer moms and Jews for Buchanan before them , dumb people are shaking up this election and coming into their own as an identity group with ever rising " self pride . "
The group intentionally avoids the term " self esteem " as being too difficult to spell .
" Dumb People for Hilary " [ sic ] bumper stickers are showing up across the country and being shipped by the truck load to South Dakota , Montana , and Puerto Rico .
( The trucks to Puerto Rico have been driving off bridges in the Florida Keys . )
The stickers and other " dumb people " paraphernalia are being paid for by the Clinton campaign , even while the campaign 's supporters have organized to stop making contributions and instead buy lottery tickets in all 50 states .
While her husband 's campaign headquarters in 1992 famously posted a sign reading " It 's the economy , stupid , " Hillary Clinton 's now boasts a three - foot high quote from H.L. Mencken :
" As democracy is perfected , the office of president represents , more and more closely , the inner soul of the people .
On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart 's desire at last and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron . "
Senator Obama has faltered in trying to portray himself as one of the dumb people too , but Senator McCain has taken advantage of the latest election trend in a major way by inviting President Bush to join him on the campaign trail .
Thomas Disch is Dead
Science fiction writer Thomas Disch killed himself at his Union Square apartment on July 4th , 2008 .
I 've never read anything by him .
I 'd never even heard of him until he blew his brains out .
We could have hung out , sad to say : I go to Union Square damn near every day , twice a day .
In fact , I was all alone on the 4th of July , wandering the streets below his apartment , passing back and forth between the train and the coffee shop where I was writing that night .
I remember the 4th , because it was extra crowded and extra loud .
On the train , a group of teenagers that were dressed up like prostitutes from the 1930's lit sparklers and flashed everyone .
The sparklers were stomped out by an angry construction worker from Brooklyn who kept saying : " I do n't care WHAT you do with each other or to each other .
You can't have no fireworks on the train .
"
The teenagers -- chastened , but too drunk to be demoralized -- all stood up together and said the Pledge of Allegiance with their hands over their hearts while the construction worker muttered and swore .
Everywhere was revelry and drinking .
Of course there is nothing more depressing .
I stayed out all night , and in the morning , I watched pigeons eating from a giant pile of vomit in front of the NYU dorms .
Halfheartedly , I tried to shoo them away from the vomit as I shuffled by , but they seemed to be enjoying themselves .
There is a lifecycle here in the city , and you risk everything if you stand in its way .
Looking down over the festivities and fireworks that night -- all alone , but never the nicest man according to his eulogies -- Thomas Disch decided to check out .
The poet Charles Naylor , Disch 's lover for three decades , died in 2005 , which forced Disch to lose his house upstate -- the house of their joy and memories .
He also had many health problems , which trapped him in his New York apartment .
To cope , he wrote on Livejournal and wrote poetry .
He probably felt like he had already died in ways , and that the most important parts of him were elsewhere .
You can read his last Livejournal entries here :
His last entries are about how food is so expensive that soon we are all going to starve to death , and about what kind of letters you would draft to dead writers .
It 's hard to tell if he knew he was leaving or not .
People are writing final letters to Disch in the " Letters to Dead Writers " entry , and maybe you want to do this ; maybe this should be a tradition or Reliquary .
Like I said , I have n't read anything by Disch , but I intend to pick his books up as soon as I can afford them .
You should , too .
Most of all , I want to read his short stories which all have great titles : " The Squirrel Cage , " " Fun With Your New Head , " " Getting Into Death . "
Here are the highlights from his career as novelist and enthusiastic hack .
I love all these fucking ideas .
Who cares what this guy was like in person ?
A good man died : A matter transmitter makes ghostly copies of everything that goes through it , creating a second - order universe where the people are starving to death and resorting to cannibalism , because no one is sending food through the transmitter .
Also , " the bombs are about to be launched . "
Can the ghosts save the world and themselves ?
A conscientious objector gets sent to a prison camp where he is injected with a derivation of syphilis that turns people into geniuses .
As he grows in intelligence , his body begins to decay , and the tale of Faust grows more clear and violent in his mind .
A novelization of an original story based on the television show " The Prisoner , " which is the only television show I have ever enjoyed .
Disch got paid to write " Prisoner " fan fiction in 1969 , and he probably ate some good meals writing about Number 6 , and what he is not ( a number ) and what he is instead ( a free man ) .
A book about a New York housing project in the year 2025 .
The book is a discontinuous narrative which cobbles together five separate stories about people who live in this housing project , including a woman addicted to a hallucinogenic role - playing game , a boy trying to get extra-credit on his test to have children , and a group of children planning a pointless murder in Battery Park , for larks .
His masterpiece , everyone says .
It 's about a boy who moves to New York to becomes a performance artist using electronically - assisted astral projection .
That means he learns to fly .
Supposedly , the book had a a famous 90 % return rate from its science - fiction audience , who thought they were buying a book about robots and evil governments , but were instead buying a gay metaphor about art .
This is a famous text - adventure game that managed to replicate all of lower Manhattan in the 1980's .
From Wikipedia : " The game begins as the player 's character awakens in a midtown Manhattan hotel room with absolutely no memory .
He has no clothes and no money , and does n't even remember what he looks like .
The player soon discovers he 's engaged to a woman he can't remember , a strange man is trying to kill him , and the state of Texas wants him for murder .
From here , the player must unravel the events in his life that led him to this point .
" Eventually , Disch started writing horror novels , all of them set in a Minneapolis where the terrors of the spiritual world invade the complacency of the living edge .
There 's four books : " The Businessman , " " The M.D. , " " The Sub , " and " The Priest . "
Perhaps these are like The Canterbury Tales , except with more demon babies , pedophilia , and sadism .
Oh yeah --
Disch also wrote this ; a 40 page ironic fable for " children " that focused on the efforts of a group of anthropomorphic household appliances to return to the boy who once loved them .
You have heard of it because it became a movie by John Lasseter for Disney , complete with songs , small terrors , and Phil Hartman .
Later , the sentimental Lasseter would rip off the plot and theme for his movie " Toy Story , " which would make him famous and beloved .
Never forget that all movies are born in the blood of storytellers and dreamers , who end up shocked , beaten , and then sacrificed forever to the cult of the image -- to the illuminated world which has no place or time for imagination , flight , or song .
Anyway , Thomas Disch is dead , but his work is not , and you should read all of his shit that you can , because his ghost is watching .
And even if the ghosts of suicides do n't walk the earth -- troubled , seeking revenge , and thirsty for rest -- you should act as if they do .
You might be next ; depending upon what you see and when you see it .
The excellent French documentary titled “ The World According to Monsanto – A documentary that Americans wo n’t ever see , ” is evidently living up to its name .
When I first became aware of this movie , I immediately watched it , then placed it on my websites .
Today I checked the link , and found that the video is gone .
In fact , when I typed the title “ The World According to Monsanto ” into the Google search engine , I could n’t find the full video anywhere .
This is a call for action .
If you find this video anywhere on the Internet , please let me know .
If you have n’t seen it , you need to .
If you have seen it , you know what a powerful video it is for exposing the corruption of Monsanto and the U.S. government .
If Google Video has removed this documentary in acquiescence to the U.S. government or Monsanto , then that is testimony to the power and corruption behind the massive corporate movement to wage war on the environment and all living things in the pursuit of profit and power , the people be damned .
Siv O’Neall states :
The gospel according to Monsanto is that their patented GM seeds and their bovine growth hormone ( BGH ) will increase worldwide production of agricultural , dairy and meat products and Bt cotton to the extent that worldwide hunger and poverty will be eradicated .
The actual truth is rather the opposite .
GMOs are creating serious damage all over the world and artificial BGH injection in cows cause numerous health problems , and even death .
Monsanto is not held back by any considerations of ethics and it hides the reality of its sordid machinations behind a wall of secrecy .
Everything Monsanto does is exclusively with the intent of increasing its own profit – everything else be damned .
( 2008 )
This is an information war , and it is highly possible that either Google Video is doing its part to help the corporate giant pull the wool over the public ’s eyes so it can poison the planet with impunity , or has been threatened .
Fight back !
Spread the word and try to find a source for this extremely important expose ’ about collusion between the U.S. government and Monsanto .
It is too important to put off .
Our planet is in imminent peril because of the machinations of this evil corporation .
If left to its own devices it ( Monsanto ) will most certainly destroy the livelihood of millions of farmers – a process begun a decade ago in India and certainly in many other countries as well .
The planet 's ecosystems will be seriously threatened by unnatural ways of changing agricultural patterns .
The dangers of GMO cultivation to the environment come in many forms :
· Switching from age - old biodiverse crops that can tolerate low - level amounts of water to industrial monocultures of crops such as GM soya , cotton , sugarcane , etc. that require large amounts of irrigation .
· Inundating cultivated lands with toxic herbicides , in particular the dangerous Monsanto product Roundup , to which the GMO seeds have been made biotechnically resistant .
Any other growth should succumb to Roundup , were it not for the fact that weeds to a very large extent become Roundup resistant .
· Putting an end to biological farming and poisoning non GM cultures through pollenization from GM crops and accidental exposure to Roundup herbicide .
· Deforestation to make more land available for the culture of the GM seeds Monsanto sells at high prices to poor farmers .
( O’ Neall , 2008 )
This issue is too important to put off .
Please , try to find the video .
People need to have this information .
“ The World According to Monsanto ” is one of the most important videos I have ever seen .
Help expose Monsanto !
© 2008 Barbara H. Peterson
References :
Keio University scientists have shown that pigeons are able to discriminate video images of themselves even with a 5 - 7 second delay , thus having self - cognitive abilities higher than 3 - year - old children who have difficulty recognizing their self - image with only a 2 second delay .
Prof. Shigeru Watanabe of the Graduate School of Human Relations of Keio University and Tsukuba University graduate student Kohji Toda trained pigeons to discriminate real - time self - image using mirrors as well as videotaped self - image , and proved that pigeons can recognize video images that reflect their movements as self - image .
Self - recognition is found in large primates such as chimpanzees , and recent findings show that dolphins and elephants also have such intelligence .
Proving that pigeons also have this ability show that such high intelligence as self - recognition can be seen in various animals , and are not limited to primates and dolphins that have large brains .
Experimental method and results
The pigeon was trained to discriminate two types of video images in the following method .
First , live video images of the present self ( A ) and recorded video images of the pigeon that moves differently from the present self ( B ) are shown .
When the pigeon learns to discriminate these two images , the video image of ( A ) is shown with a temporal delay , so that the monitor shows the image of the pigeon a few seconds before .
If the pigeon remembers its own movements , it can recognize it as self - image even with the delay .
The pigeon could discriminate ( A ) with a few seconds delay as something different from ( B ) .
This shows that the pigeon can differentiate the present self - image and the recorded self - image of the past , which means that the pigeon has self - cognitive abilities .
Video image ( A ) matches with the movement of itself , whereas ( B ) does not .
Being able to discriminate the two means that the pigeon understands the difference between movements of itself and movements of the taped image .
In this experiment , movements of the pigeon itself are in question instead of the mark of Gallup ’s mark test ( see 2 - ( 1 ) below for explanation ) .
When there is a temporal delay in the image of the present self , the longer the delay , the more pigeon ’s discrimination was disrupted , and this also shows that the pigeon discriminates the video images using its own movements .
The important thing is whether it understands the difference between movements in the video image that match with itself and movements in the video image that do n’t .
advertisement
Method of testing self recognition on animals
(1) Gallup ’s mirror test ( self - recognition test )
The self - recognition test on animals using mirrors was developed by psychology Prof. Gordon Gallup Jr. at the State University of New York , Albany .
His papers released in 1970 in the “ Science ” magazine explaining that chimpanzees have abilities for self - recognition attracted attention .
This test is known as the first to test self - recognition on animals .
He anesthetized chimpanzees and then marked their faces .
When the chimpanzees were awakened , they were confronted with a mirror and they touched the corresponding marked region of their own faces .
Most tests of self - recognition are a variation of the Gallup test , and are used to assess self - recognition in a wide variety of species .
It is also called the mark test , or the rouge test .
(2) Assessment of self - recognition on pigeons
Self - recognition can be assessed with cross-modality matching .
A typical example of cross-modality matching is waving your hand when you see yourself in a video image .
With a mirror image or video image of oneself , when information of the propriocepter ( how the arms and legs of oneself are moving ) and visual information of oneself correlate , this can be considered self - recognition .
The Gallup ’s mark test is based on the precondition that the subject can touch itself .
Unless the subject touches itself , it can not be proved that it has abilities for self - recognition .
However , the test conducted on pigeons is more advanced , as it is based on how the pigeons move , and by memorizing the shown images , pigeons proved that they have self - cognitive abilities .
Self - cognitive abilities tested in pigeons are higher than that of 3 - year olds
Through various experiments , it is known that pigeons have great visual cognitive abilities .
For example , a research at Harvard University proved that pigeons could discriminate people photographs from others .
At Prof .
Shigeru Watanabe ’s laboratory , pigeons could discriminate paintings of a certain painter ( such as Van Gogh ) from another painter ( such as Chagall ) .
Furthermore , pigeons could discriminate other pigeons individually , and also discriminate stimulated pigeons that were given stimulant drugs from none .
In this experiment , pigeons could discriminate video images that reflect their movements even with a 5 - 7 second delay from video images that do n’t reflect their movements .
This ability is higher than an average 3 - year - olds of humans .
According to a research by Prof. Hiraki of the University of Tokyo , 3 - year - olds have difficulty recognizing their self - image with only a 2 second delay .
You ’ve got the baking bug and the perfect cookie recipe , but now what ?
Do your cookies always ooze together as they cook , resulting in a giant cookie blob ?
Do they come out too crunchy ?
Do you wrestle with your rolling pin and too - sticky dough for cut cookies ?
What about the ones that just … taste funny ?
This post should help you get past these cookie glitches .
First thing ’s first : Preheat the oven
Do it .
Ten to 15 minutes before the cookies go into the oven , you need to turn it on .
If you put your dough into a non-preheated oven , they will heat slowly , which means they ’ll likely melt into the giant cookie - blob from the Black Lagoon !
It ’s very rare for a cookie recipe NOT to require a preheated oven .
Ingredients and Measuring
In general , use the ingredients your recipe calls for .
If you use margarine instead of butter , you might find that the cookies turn out thinner than the butter version .
If you use all - purpose flour instead of cake flour , you ’ll find that your cookies are denser and flatter .
Using sugar substitutes instead of the real thing can also change cookie texture .
This is n’t to say that you ca n’t experiment , but if you need perfect cookies now , it ’s best to stick to the recipe .
Make sure your ingredients are high quality and fresh .
Baking soda and baking powder are different .
Double - check to make sure you ’re using the ingredient your recipe calls for !
Measure your ingredients properly , whether by weight or by volume .
Baking is a science ; chemical reactions are occurring as you mix and bake the ingredients , so correct ratios are key !
Rolled and Cut Cookies galore
Avoid using too much flour when rolling your cookies .
This will make the cookies tough !
If the dough is too sticky , throw it into the refrigerator for a few minutes to chill it , then try again .
Try not to overwork the dough .
This will also make the cookies tough .
Roll the dough between two sheets of waxed paper or parchment paper .
If you ’re working in batches , keep the other dough in the fridge while you ’re rolling .
If you need to roll the dough ahead of time , you can stack sheets of rolled chilled dough ( still in the parchment paper ) in the fridge on a cookie sheet !
Use good - quality metal cookie cutters .
They should be thin and sharp .
If you need to use plastic , try dipping the cutter in warm vegetable oil between cuts to make an easier , cleaner cut .
Drop cookies aplenty
If you need your cookies to be a consistent size ( to make ice cream sandwiches , for example ) , use a measuring spoon , ice cream scoop or a cookie scoop .
If not , you can just scoop some dough into a spoon and then scrape it out with the back of another spoon .
This is sometimes referred to as the “ two spoon method . ”
Dust your baking pan with a light layer of flour before dropping your dough .
This will keep the cookies from spreading as much as they bake .
Make sure your dough is chilled when you drop it .
This also combats cookie - spreading and tough cookies .
Also , make sure your cookie sheet is room temperature or cooler .
This means you may need to rinse and chill it between batches !
Cooling cookies
There are many good reasons to let the cookies cool before doing anything else with them , but the main one is to prevent burning your mouth on the first bite !
Cool cookies on wire racks so that the heat can escape from the top and the bottom .
Hershey Kiss Cookie
If you try to pile cookies on a plate or in a cookie jar before they ’re cooled , they ’ll stick together and you ’ll never forgive yourself .
Cool your cookies completely before decorating them .
This way , the icing , sprinkles , or other pretties wo n’t melt and run .
Recipe Inspiration
An online retailer who imported mod chips from Hong Kong to allow overseas and copied games to be played on consoles walked free from court yesterday , opening up the possibility that modding may now be legal in the UK .
Neil Higgs , who runs Web site MrModChips , was facing the possibility of up to two years in jail for importing and selling the chips since 2002 .
The 38 - year - old operated his business from his parents ' home in Bristol and sold both pre-modded consoles and the chips themselves .
According to Team Xecuter , " the granting of this appeal based on the argument that the copyright infringement has already taken place before the use of a mod chip has resulted in the squashing of all 26 counts . "
The appeal was heard by Judge Justice Jacobs .
The MrModChips Web site currently has a picture of former British prime minister Winston Churchill making the victory sign and the word " Victory ! "
Higgs also thanked his legal team and well wishers for their support during his case .
GameSpot confirmed with the Court of Appeal Criminal Division that the counts against Higgs had been quashed .
The verdict of the appeals case follows one in Australia , which legalized mod chips in the country back in 2002 , when Sony lost its legal battle to sue a seller .
Judge Ronald Sackville declared that the mod chips did not violate Australian laws forbidding circumventing " technological protection measures , " as they also prevented legal activity including playing backup and imported games .
Researchers have used the world 's thinnest material to create the world 's smallest transistor , one atom thick and ten atoms wide .
Reporting their peer - reviewed findings in the journal Science , Dr Kostya Novoselov and Professor Andre Geim from The School of Physics and Astronomy at The University of Manchester show that graphene can be carved into tiny electronic circuits with individual transistors having a size not much larger than that of a molecule .
The smaller the size of their transistors the better they perform , say the Manchester researchers .
In recent decades , manufacturers have crammed more and more components onto integrated circuits .
As a result , the number of transistors and the power of these circuits have roughly doubled every two years .
This has become known as Moore 's Law .
But the speed of cramming is now noticeably decreasing , and further miniaturisation of electronics is to experience its most fundamental challenge in the next 10 to 20 years , according to the semiconductor industry roadmap .
At the heart of the problem is the poor stability of materials if shaped in elements smaller than 10 nanometres * in size .
At this spatial scale , all semiconductors -- including silicon -- oxidise , decompose and uncontrollably migrate along surfaces like water droplets on a hot plate .
advertisement
Four years ago , Geim and his colleagues discovered graphene , the first known one - atom - thick material which can be viewed as a plane of atoms pulled out from graphite .
Graphene has rapidly become the hottest topic in physics and materials science .
Now the Manchester team has shown that it is possible to carve out nanometre - scale transistors from a single graphene crystal .
Unlike all other known materials , graphene remains highly stable and conductive even when it is cut into devices one nanometre wide .
Graphene transistors start showing advantages and good performance at sizes below 10 nanometres - the miniaturization limit at which the Silicon technology is predicted to fail .
" Previously , researchers tried to use large molecules as individual transistors to create a new kind of electronic circuits .
It is like a bit of chemistry added to computer engineering " , says Novoselov .
" Now one can think of designer molecules acting as transistors connected into designer computer architecture on the basis of the same material ( graphene ) , and use the same fabrication approach that is currently used by semiconductor industry " .
" It is too early to promise graphene supercomputers , " adds Geim .
" In our work , we relied on chance when making such small transistors .
Unfortunately , no existing technology allows the cutting materials with true nanometre precision .
But this is exactly the same challenge that all post - silicon electronics has to face .
At least we now have a material that can meet such a challenge . "
" Graphene is an exciting new material with unusual properties that are promising for nanoelectronics " , comments Bob Westervelt , professor at Harvard University .
" The future should be very interesting " .
* One nanometre is one - millionth of a millimetre and a single human hair is around 100,000 nanometres in width .
A paper entitled " Chaotic Dirac Billiard in Graphene Quantum Dots " is published in April 17 issue of Science .
It is accompanied by a Perspective article entitled " Graphene Nanoelectronics " by Westervelt .
This is an amazing story .
The Democratic Party has a winner .
It has a nominee .
You know this because he has the most votes and the most elected delegates , and there 's no way , mathematically , his opponent can get past him .
Even after the worst two weeks of his campaign , he blew past her by 14 in North Carolina and came within two in Indiana .
He 's got this thing .
And the Democratic Party , after this long and brutal slog , should be dancing in the streets .
Party elders should be coming out on the balcony in full array , in full ...
The legendary fleet of BBC spy vehicles .
The BBC has a cosy reputation , but to people outside the UK the fact that TV owners have to pay a compulsory license fee to fund the BBC ( even if they only watch other channels ) seems absurd .
Coupled with this , the BBC actively police whether people pay for their license and to do so they have a mythical fleet of hilariously creepy ‘ TV detector vans ’ that supposedly can spy on you and pinpoint exactly which room you might be watching a TV in .
Whether they work , or whether they even exist or not , is open to question , these few images are the only ones we could find of them .
Nevertheless , their very concept is an Orwellian nightmare .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
In Krasnoyarsk , Russia they are obsessed with creating dragon - cars these days .
It became a real mania among some of the youngsters of this city .
You know how when a car has a real powerful engine we say it is a monster ?
Well , in the small town of Krasnoyarsk , Russia when they call a car a monster , they mean it quite literally .
Thanks to some really imaginative car lovers with tonnes of time to kill , the youth of the Russian town get to witness some of the wildest car art in the world .
Dragon Cars , as they are called , are apparently a real hoot in that nick of the woods and even bald guys with mean looking cars get all the chicks .
Now that ’s what I call a culture shock !
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
The lower jaw could be from a female
The discovery Scientists have discovered the oldest human remains in western Europe .
A jawbone and teeth discovered at the famous Atapuerca site in northern Spain have been dated between 1.1 and 1.2 million years old .
The finds provide further evidence for the great antiquity of human occupation on the continent , the researchers write in the journal Nature .
Scientists also found stone tools and animal bones with tell - tale cut marks from butchering by humans .
It gives us confidence that Europe was not left out of the picture of the spread of early humans
Prof Chris Stringer , Natural History Museum
The discovery comprises part of a human 's lower jawbone .
The remains of seven teeth were found still in place ; an isolated tooth , belonging to the same individual , was also unearthed .
Its small size suggests it could have belonged to a female .
The find was made in the Sierra de Atapuerca , a region of gently rolling hills near the Spanish city of Burgos which contains a complex of ancient limestone caves .
See one view of human evolution
These caves have yielded abundant , well - preserved evidence of ancient occupation by humans and have been designated a Unesco World Heritage Site .
The new remains were unearthed at the archaeological site of Sima del Elefante , which lies just a few hundred metres from two other locations which have yielded remains of early Europeans .
" It is the oldest human fossil yet found in Western Europe , " said co-author Jose Maria Bermudez de Castro , director of Spain 's National Research Centre on Human Evolution ( CENIEH ) in Burgos .
Ancient migration Dr Bermudez de Castro told BBC
News that the latest find had anatomical features linking it to earlier hominins ( modern humans , their ancestors and relatives since divergence from apes ) discovered in Dmanisi , Georgia - at the gates of Europe .
Several teeth were preserved with the jaw The Georgian hominins lived some 1.7 million years ago and represent an early expansion of humans outside Africa .
The researchers therefore suggest that Western Europe was settled by a population of hominins coming from the east .
Once these early people had " won the West " they evolved into a distinct species - Homo antecessor , or " Pioneer Man " , say the scientists .
The scientists now plan to investigate whether Pioneer Man might have been ancestral to Neanderthals and to even our own species Homo sapiens .
" In terms of European prehistory , this [ find ] is very significant , " said Professor Chris Stringer , research leader in human origins at London 's Natural History Museum .
The timing of the earliest human habitation in Europe has been controversial .
" The earliest hominins outside Africa are those from Dmanisi in Georgia .
After that , we have occupations in Europe , but the ages are not very precise .
They are also without hominin [ remains ] , " said Dr Marina Mosquera , a co-author from the Rovira i Virgili University in Tarragona , Spain .
Reliable date
The Spanish researchers used three different techniques to date the new fossils : palaeomagnetism , cosmogenic nuclide dating and biostratigraphy .
The researchers said the new find represented the earliest reliably dated evidence of human occupation in Europe .
" What we have are the European descendents of the first migration out of Africa , " said Dr Mosquera .
Professor Stringer said that until more material was discovered from Atapuerca , he was cautious about assigning the new specimen to the species Homo antecessor .
But he added : " However the specimen is classified , when combined with the emerging archaeological evidence , it suggests that southern Europe began to be colonised from western Asia not long after humans had emerged from Africa - something which many of us would have doubted even five years ago . "
" It gives us confidence that Europe was not left out of the picture of the spread of early humans .
Early humans got to Java and China by 1.5 million years ago and certainly some of the animal remains found at those Asian sites are found in Western Europe too . "
He explained that the people at Sima del Elefante had made primitive stone tools and would have had relatively small brains .
The outside of the jawbone had some primitive anatomical features , but the inside displayed some more advanced characteristics , he added .
This suggested they may have been evolving towards humans which are known from much later in time , such as Homo heidelbergensis .
Click here to return Paul.
Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Note :
If you have been the victim of domestic violence , please e-mail me and tell me about it .
What happened ?
Did you tell anyone about it ?
Why or why not ?
Did you seek help ?
Why or why not ?
If you did seek help , did you get it ?
May we publish your story here ?
We 'll do it anonymously , unless you give specific permission to use your name and / or e-mail address .
Check out MenWeb 's listing of resources for battered men .
" It does n't happen . "
" It only happens to a few guys -- puny , little guys . "
" Women who batter only do it in self - defense . "
" I wonder what he did , to make her do that ? "
There are a lot of myths floating around .
In these pages , we present men's stories , in their own words .
Here are some of the common themes in these men's stories .
Click here if you want to go straight to the stories .
Whenever I speak of male abuse , I am met by disbelief and , even worse , laughter .
... I notice in talking with other shelter staff throughout the state that this attitude prevails in the other shelters , too - men are the perpetrators , women are the victims .
-- Jan Dimmitt , Executive Director of Kelso's Emergency Support Shelter
Another man , whose story is not here e-mailed me :
I have a problem .
I feel that , if I report my wife , I will be the one that winds up in custody .
When I mentioned dialing 911 while my wife was hitting me with a skilet this morning , she told me to " Go ahead - I will just tell them that I was defending myself " .
A Seattle therapist who convicted of assault and required to pay a $ 500 fine , perform 100 hours of community service and have absolutely no contact with the woman says : I was dumbfounded from the very start of the incident , " the man says .
" I was getting struck by this woman while I was holding my daughter and I was the one who called the police .
In Kelso , a man had been out drinking and came home to fall asleep on the couch .
His wife took an iron skillet and beat him .
He was taken to the emergency room of the hospital and stitched up .
He was taken there by police , but no charges were filed against his wife .
My wife in one of her drunken rages took our daughters baseball bat and used it to smash the locked door to my study , where I was trying desperately to meet a deadline .
And since I m over 6 feet tall and muscular , I wouldnt get much sympathy posing as a battered man ! :
I had thought of calling the police that night .
When I recalled this incident to my divorce lawyer some time later , his response was :  It s a good thing you didnt , because the police probably would have arrested you .
My son was married to a violent young woman for a few months before he left her .
He is much larger than her and is a one time amateur boxing champion .
She never used weapons , so she never came close to hurting him physically .
But she hit him whenever she got the notion to , she cut up his clothes and threw them in the yard , she destroyed the trophies he had accumulated in various sports competitions since childhood , and she destroyed a wedding album my wife had made for them .
Neither party was blameless , but the physical violence was all hers .
If my son had ever hitten her , there would have been evidence for weeks .
I was in a hellish marriage with a woman who had difficulty controlling her rage , which would frequently erupt with her hitting , verbal abuse , and screaming .
If fighting with her did occur , it was self - defense ; if she threw a punch or kicked , I defended myself .
In one particular case , after she initiated a fight by kicking and throwing punches , she called the police to report me as the violent abuser !
When they responded , I was seen as the bad guy , she was the victim !
A man from Washington state ---
I am 6 ' 2 " and about 200 lbs .
I have a solid background in wrestling and have dabbled in TKD and Judo .
I am also a DV survivor .
I am NOT a " victim " ! ... I was awakened by her screaming as she came through the bedroom door swinging a baseball bat .
She brought it down across my legs .
I managed to avoid most of the blow and took the bat away from her by twisting it out of her hands .
She went to the kitchen and got a marble rolling pin .
We 've tried to find help for him but all of the shelters just answer in silence .
It 's a shame how he was treated by the police and that there are no shelters or groups to help men , they need it every bit as much as women .
It 's time to stop offering help to someone just because they are a women .
Abuse is abuse , it does matter how the abuser is or how the abused is .
I know the terror that comes from domestic violence , in this case perpetrated by my mother .
-- a Seattle man I have been verbally and psychologically battered and abused , I 've been threatened with bodily harm , I 've been threatened to be shot right between the eyes , I 've been kicked in the groin , I 've had to watch while my ex sexually molested my daughter and not dare interfere for fear of retaliation .
Then 1 day she called 911 so fast and had me arrested , my head was literally spinning with disbelief .
When trying to tell the officer that I was provoked and that she was hurting my daughter and that I was protecting my daughter , he told me that I had better keep quiet , I 'd charge you with a felony if I could , he said .
..
So now what do i do ?
She slapped the walls in the hall way .
...
She hit me in the arm a few times , goading me to hit back .
...
As you can see the above picture does n’t ’ show any gross domestic violence .
Wife became very angry and she attacked me with a set of Porsche Keys - maybe three inches long .
she stabbed me thirteen times .
As I was trying to leave , she took our daughter and tried to throw her down the steps
Although she had been physically aggressive in the past , she turned downright violent toward me .
It started by hitting me with the phone , throwing objects at me , kicking and clawing .
She drew blood a number of times .
Under advice from my attorney , I was warned that even taking a defensive position could be seen as an act of violence toward her .
The ONLY physical action I took toward her was to restrain her from hitting or biting or kicking me .
She was an expert at falling down and screaming -- " see kids , look at what your dad is doing to me . "
Here 's the kicker .
I am a mental health professional , social worker and marriage and family therapist .
I had blinders on like most guys .
I interpreted her behavior as emotional disturbance , and would often sit up all night trying to comfort her after one of these episodes .
my lawyer looked at me like I was crazy when I told him ...
Why did I take it ?
I had a daughter that was small that was also screamed at and hit , and scared by stories of the bugger man getting her .
I finally had to leave or get killed .
Grandmother was active in early women 's rights , now urges men to speak out and act ...
My wife of almost 9 years was a woman of an incredibly short temper and possessed the ability to swing from mood to mood faster than you could shake a stick at .
Over the years , she had thrown things at me , including knives , slapped me , punched me , and shoved me on numerous occasions .
I had always felt a sympathy towards her because of the fact that she had no one in her life that truly seemed to care for her .
I was going to be her protector .
I believe if this got around , their would be a stigma .
Some embarassment toward ex wives and present lovers .
I do n't want my kids to hear these stories , or to have others in their world , discussing me regarding this issue .
I still do n't understand why I stayed in that relationship as long as I did .
I quess it was because she was such a great girl in every other way and I hoped she would change .
I 'm never going to go back into that kind of insanity again .
Funny , at the time I told myself I deserved it .
I was awarded temporary sole custody of my three children and possession of the marital home .
My ex-wife was in shock and refused to leave ...
Her attempts to provoke an incident increased .
Finally one morning she cornered me alone in the kitchen and again began to punch me out after a nasty verbal exchange .
Unfortunately , my 10 year old son witnessed this episode through a window while he headed for his school bus .
I did not strike back .
My ex then left and went to the police .
I was abused too many times and decided to end the relationship many times but I was unable to do so .
Because she followed my each and every move and I was reluctant to file stalking charges against her because I did not want to hurt her feelings .
The abuse intensified , she did not hesitate to hit me ...
She also clawed me numerous time and even cut me with a knife .
I was again failed to report the incidents to the authority .
Many times she had threatened me that if I bring any charges against her , she would not hesitate to bring false charges against me ...
Her definition of the proper way to conduct an argument was to slap me around until I stopped disagreeing with her .
...
However , I was willing to put up with it for the sake of her kids ... at least until she started endangering them .
She screamed : " I have never forgiven you for the way you looked at me the first time I hit you . "
" How did I look ? " I asked .
" You looked hurt and shocked and angry and disgusted . "
" How should I have looked after you hit me ? " I asked .
" I needed for you to understand how I was feeling at that time .
I needed your support , not your anger , " she said .
I understood then why she had never apologised for that act of violence or for any of her many other violent assaults .
She was brassy , outspoken and told me she liked " big guys " .
I'm 6 ' and weigh in at 230 .
She held a knife to my throat and told me to get out of the apartment .
I would not dare move because I thought she would kill me .... she would tell friends very publicly why sex with me was difficult .
She would later say it was meant to be a compliment ... kidding about the size of my genitalia .
I was n't laughing .
Every success I had was met with derision .
Daily my shirts were ripped .... my face was slapped ... I was kicked .... I was locked out .
There was nothing I could do to make a difference .
[ After I left ] she has told me repeatedly , " You 're the only person who really understood me . "
The face I see as she speaks is still the one who held the knife .
Click here to read these men's actual stories .
Women , too , are victims of violent women .
Domestic violence it taken too often to mean violence by men against women , or violence between adults .
Whose stories do n't get heard ?
Who can't get help ?
Women who were victims of violent mothers , who care the emotional scars far into adulthood .
Here 's one story about that .
Guys are raising a second concrern , not reflected in the stories .
As domestic violence advocates are quick to point out , parents who abuse their mates are also very likely to abuse their children .
Yet courts are awarding custody to the mother , even after she 's been convicted of abuse .
Here are two e-mails sent to me on that issue : I am reminded of [ a man ] here in Sacrtamento who 's ex-wife was convicted of DV one week and the very next week family court gave her 85 % physical custody of his children .
It is bad enough when the abuser gets any custody , but when she or he gets a greater percentage of the custody it shows that the courts are empowering the abuser .
Even if the DV perpetrator does n't physically abuse the children directly they nevertheless expose the children to domestic abuse which is child abuse .
Perpetrators need to understand this and also realize that parenting is a privilege not a right .
My story is similar .
My ex-wife pled guilty to battery , then was awarded sole custody of our three daughters by the divorce court judge .
One of her ' episodes ' involved chasing me through the house with a kitchen knife .
Three years later , one of my daughters threatened her sister with a knife ( while at their mother 's house ) .
Children do learn and internalize what they see .
Note :
If you have been the victim of domestic violence , please e-mail me and tell me about it .
What happened ?
Did you tell anyone about it ?
Why or why not ?
Did you seek help ?
Why or why not ?
If you did seek help , did you get it ?
May we publish your story here ?
We 'll do it anonymously , unless you give specific permission to use your name and / or e-mail address .
After his boating DUI charge , Cedric Benson remained a starting running back in the eyes of coach Lovie Smith and the Chicago Bears .
His weekend DUI charge while in a car in Austin , Texas , has led to his release , however .
The Bears placed Benson on waivers Monday , two years before the end of his contract and three years into a disappointing career with the team .
" Cedric displayed a pattern of behavior we will not tolerate , " Bears general manager Jerry Angelo said in a statement .
" As I said this past weekend , you have to protect your job .
Everyone in this organization is held accountable for their actions .
When individual priorities overshadow team goals , we suffer the consequences as a team .
Those who fail to understand the importance of ' team ' will not play for the Chicago Bears . "
Benson was n't present at the Bears ' organized practice Monday .
The Chicago Sun-Times reported on its Web site that Benson
showed up and was sent home by Smith .
Reporters waited for a statement from Angelo as he walked off the field on Monday , but he said the team might have a statement later in the day .
More than 100 Israeli F16 and F15 jets were involved in the exercise Israel has carried out an exercise that appears to have been a rehearsal for an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities , US officials have told the New York Times .
More than 100 Israeli fighter jets took part in manoeuvres over the eastern Mediterranean and over Greece in the first week of June , US officials said .
Iran insists its programme is peaceful , but Israel sees Iran 's development of the technology as a serious threat .
Tehran is defying a UN demand that it stops the enrichment of uranium .
The UN Security Council approved a third round of sanctions against Iran over the issue in March 2008 .
The Israeli exercise , it seems , was designed to send a message to Tehran that Israel has the power and will to attack if it thought Iran was close to getting a nuclear weapon , the BBC's Jeremy Bowen reports .
None of what has been said and done so far means an attack on Iran is coming and talk of one faded out after US intelligence reported at the end of 2007 that Iran had given up its nuclear weapons programme , he notes .
But now it is back and that is significant , our Middle East Editor says .
Mohammed ElBaradei , head of the UN 's nuclear watchdog , said an attack would put Iran on a " crash course " to building nuclear weapons .
" A military strike , in my opinion , would be worse than anything possible - it would turn the region into a fireball , " he told Al Arabiya television in an interview .
" It would make me unable to continue my work , " he said .
' Signals ' Several US officials briefing the New York Times said the exercise was intended to demonstrate the seriousness of Israel 's concern over Iran 's nuclear activities , and its willingness to act unilaterally .
Q&A : Iran nuclear issue Iran 's nuclear sites West keep Iran channel open " They wanted us to know , they wanted the Europeans to know , and they wanted the Iranians to know , " a Pentagon official is quoted as saying by the newspaper .
" There 's a lot of signalling going on at different levels . "
The exercise involved Israeli helicopters that could be used to rescue downed pilots , the newspaper reported .
The helicopters and refuelling tankers flew more than 1,400 km ( 870 miles ) , roughly the distance between Israel and Iran 's main uranium enrichment plant at Natanz .
The New York Times reported that Israeli officials declined to discuss the details of the exercise .
A spokesman for the Israeli military said the air force " regularly trains for various missions in order to confront and meet the challenges posed by the threats facing Israel " .
The US state department would not comment on the Israeli exercise .
No doubt it was the most important mission of my career
Col Zeev Raz
Mission commander for Israel 's attack on Iraq 's nuclear reactor
Osirak 25 years on A spokesperson said the US was focused on making diplomacy work with Iran but insisted that all options were still on the table , echoing remarks made recently by President George W Bush .
Diplomats in Washington described the exercise as muscle - flexing , a message that Israel would be ready to take unilateral action against Iran if needed .
But they add that if Israel ever decides to strike , there will be little advance warning - just like when it targeted a suspected nuclear reactor in Syria last September and Iraq 's nuclear plant in Osirak in 1981 .
Our Middle East editor adds that , at the UN , Russia and others believe attacking Iran would only make matters worse , and talking about it undercuts the diplomacy .
Warnings Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned on 4 June that drastic measures were needed to stop Iran obtaining nuclear weapons .
He said Iran must be shown there will be devastating consequences if it did develop such weapons .
Israeli deputy Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz - a former defence minister - said earlier this month that military strikes to stop Iran developing nuclear weapons looked " unavoidable " .
In 1981 , Israeli jets bombed the Iraqi nuclear reactor at Osirak , 30 km ( 18 miles ) outside Baghdad .
Israel said it believed the French - built plant was designed to make nuclear weapons that could be used against Israel .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I often say that I spend more time and energy on my one boy than on my three girls .
Other mothers of boys are quick to say the same .
Forget that old poem about snips and snails and puppy dog tails , says Sharon O'Donnell , a mom of three boys and the author of " House of Testosterone . "
" Somehow it 's been changed to boys being made of ' fights , farts , and video games , ' and sometimes I 'm not sure how much more I can take ! "
Boys and girls are both challenging to raise in different ways , experts say .
Not so fast , say moms of girls , who point out that they have to contend with fussier fashion sense , more prickly social navigations , and a far greater capacity to hold a grudge .
And as a daughter grows , a parent 's concerns range from body image to math bias .
Stereotyping , or large kernels of truth ?
" I think parents use ' which is harder ? ' as an expression of whatever our frustration is at the moment , " says family therapist Michael Gurian , author of " Nurture the Nature . "
" Boys and girls are each harder in different ways . "
Every child is an individual , of course .
His or her innate personality helps shape how life unfolds .
Environment ( including us , the nurturers ) plays a role , too : " There are differences in how we handle boys and girls right from birth , " says David Stein , Ph.D. , a professor of psychology at Virginia State University in Petersburg .
" We tend to talk more softly to girls and throw boys in the air . "
But it 's also true that each gender 's brain , and growth , unfolds at a different rate , influencing behavior .
Leonard Sax , M.D. , author of " Boys Adrift , " believes parents raise girls and boys differently because girls and boys are so different from birth -- their brains are n't wired the same way .
Parenting.com : Pros and cons of learning the sex of your baby
So , can we finally answer the great parenting debate over which sex is more challenging to raise ?
Much depends on what you 're looking at , and when :
DISCIPLINE
Who 's harder ?
Boys
Why do n't boys seem to listen ?
Turns out their hearing is not as good as girls ' right from birth , and this difference only gets greater as kids get older .
Girls ' hearing is more sensitive in the frequency range critical to speech discrimination , and the verbal centers in their brains develop more quickly .
That means a girl is likely to respond better to discipline strategies such as praise or warnings like " Do n't do that " or " Use your words . "
" Boys tend to be more tactile -- they may need to be picked up and plunked in a time - out chair , " Gurian says .
They 're also less verbal and more impulsive , he adds , which is especially evident in the toddler and preschool years .
These developmental differences contribute to the mislabeling of normal behavior as problematic , a growing number of observers say .
Five boys for every one girl are diagnosed with a " disorder " ( including conduct disorder , bipolar disorder , hyperactivity , attention deficit disorder , sensory integration disorder , and oppositional defiant disorder ) , says Stein , also the author of " Unraveling the ADD / ADHD Fiasco . "
Some kids -- most often boys -- may simply fall on the more robust end of normal .
They need more opportunities to expend energy and aggression , as well as firmer limits .
Parenting.com : Guns and dolls
PHYSICAL SAFETY
Who 's harder ?
Boys
" Much after - dinner wrestling here , " reports Michelle Mayr , the Davis , California , mom of four boys , ages 5 to 12 .
" I 'm constantly fighting to keep my house a home rather than an indoor sports center .
Their stuffed animals ' primary function is to be added to the pile of pillows everyone is launching into from the coffee table . "
Do n't Miss In Depth : Busy Moms : Staying Afloat
In general , boys are more rambunctious and aggressive , experts say .
Taking risks lights up the pleasure centers of their brains .
Many parents find they have to keep a closer eye on what a son is " getting into , " or use more bandages .
But letting kids explore -- at the cost of a few scrapes and cuts -- builds character , self - confidence , resilience , and self - reliance , says Wendy Mogel , Ph.D. , author of " The Blessing of a Skinned Knee . "
Boys , being natural risk takers , may need encouragement to slow down a little , but maybe girls need to be encouraged to take more risks .
Look for opportunities for your daughter to jump off a wall , swim in the deep end , or try the bigger slide .
Parenting.com : Potty training : girls vs. boys
COMMUNICATION
Who 's harder ?
First boys , then girls
From birth , a girl baby tends to be more interested in looking at colors and textures , like those on the human face , while a boy baby is drawn more to movement , like a whirling mobile , says Dr. Sax .
( These differences play out in the way kids draw : Girls tend to use a rainbow of hues to draw nouns , while boys lean toward blue , black , and silver for their more verblike pictures of vehicles crashing and wars . )
In a nutshell , girls are rigged to be people - oriented , boys to be action - oriented .
Because girls study faces so intently , they 're better at reading nonverbal signals , such as expression and tone of voice .
Boys not only learn to talk later than girls and use more limited vocabularies , they also have more trouble connecting feelings with words .
" While most girls share their feelings and details of events , my three sons honestly do n't see that as important .
I spend my days asking , ' What happened then ? ' or ' What did he say after you said that ? ' "
O'Donnell says .
Important note : Because boys hold eye contact for shorter periods than girls , parents may worry about autism , since this can be a red flag .
" It 's a relief for moms to know that this is normal and comes from the way the brains are set up , " Gurian says .
As girls get to be 8 or so , things can get harder :
The flip side of being so adept at communicating is that girls exert a lot of energy on it .
There can be a great deal of drama around who 's mad at whom , who said what and why , and more .
Start when your daughter 's a toddler to establish an open communication , so she learns she can come to you for advice .
Parenting.com : Diapering tips : boys vs girls
SELF -ESTEEM
Who 's harder ?
Girls
Developing a healthy self - image is critical to all kids .
But as the more compliant and people - oriented gender , girls tend to grow up less confident and more insecure than boys , researchers say .
Famed gender researcher and psychologist Carol Gilligan , Ph.D. , calls this " the tyranny of nice and kind " -- unwittingly raising girls to be people pleasers .
" This cultural pressure to put others ' needs first , ignore one 's own gut feelings , and avoid asking for what one wants has traditionally harmed girls , " says Jenn Berman , a California family therapist who wrote " The A to Z Guide to Raising Happy , Confident Kids . "
" Despite the fact that she enjoys the positive attention and accolades that people pleasing brings , the more a girl pushes her own needs and desires underground to please others , the more likely her own self - esteem will suffer . "
" I see a natural nurturing instinct in my daughter and her friends , " says Tracy Lyn Moland , a parenting consultant in Calgary , Alberta , who has a girl , 11 , and a boy , 8 .
" I find myself saying , ' I can take care of that -- you get yourself ready , ' when she 's trying to mother her brother . "
Make no mistake , helpfulness and nurturing are virtues for everybody .
But this tendency in girls makes it smart to help her explore and strengthen her inner nature and encourage her to try new things .
Body image is a big part of self - esteem , and though there 's certainly body - image dysfunction in boys and men , it remains mostly a female issue .
The natural rounding out of the body that happens in puberty clashes with the unnatural slimness girls see in the culture around them .
Be aware of the messages you convey about your own body , diet , and exercise .
" It 's painfully obvious that girls ' negative body image can come directly from seeing their moms look critically in the mirror and complain , " says Berman .
" Teach your daughter to listen to her body 's signals of hunger and satiety .
Girls who listen to their bodies tend to listen to their instincts in other areas . "
Sports are a great way for girls to build confidence and a healthy appreciation for their bodies .
SCHOOL
Who 's harder ?
Mostly boys
Boys and modern education are not an idyllic match .
An indoor - based day and an early emphasis on academics and visual - auditory ( as opposed to hands - on ) learning ask a lot of a group that arrives at school less mature .
In their early years , most boys lag behind girls in developing attentiveness , self - control , and language and fine motor skills .
The relatively recent acceleration of the pre-K and kindergarten curricula has occurred without awareness that the brain develops at different sequences in girls and boys , Dr. Sax says .
Music , clay work , finger painting , and physical exercise -- early - ed activities that once helped lively kids acclimate to school -- are vanishing .
Few teachers are trained in handling the problems that result .
One area where girls do less well in school concerns spatial learning , such as geometry .
Girls may use different parts of their brains to process space perceptions .
The key is for parents to present both boys and girls with plenty of no-pressure opportunities to try out the areas that are challenging .
Parenting.com : Gender vending
The bottom line ?
On balance , the general consensus seems to be that boys are more of a handful early on , and girls more challenging beginning in the preteen years .
Which means that , as the mom of daughters who are 12 , 9 , and 7 , I have the next ten years cut out for me !
Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE !
Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group .
All rights reserved .
Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .
Some Clinton advisers also said that the focus on Mr. Obama ’s “ guns or religion ” comment was a way to put him on the spot with so - called values voters  in part to offset Mrs. Clinton ’s baggage in this area .
According to the latest New York Times / CBS
News poll , conducted March 28 - April 2 with 1,196 registered voters nationwide , 60 percent of them believe Mrs. Clinton shared the values that most Americans tried to live by , and 34 percent did not .
Both Mr. Obama and Mr. McCain fared better , with Mr. Obama performing best  70 percent said he shared those values , and 21 percent said he did not .
Some of the uncommitted superdelegates interviewed said they were concerned about whether Mr. Obama reflected the values and interests of voters in states that Democrats aim to carry in November or hope to steal from Republicans , like some Southern states that they typically do not win in a general election .
Yet they said they had had these concerns for some time  and Wednesday night ’s debate had not intensified them .
“ Obama argues that he will put more states in play , but I have n’t seen him put the coalitions together as strongly as we need to , ” said Joe Turnham , an uncommitted superdelegate who is chairman of the Alabama Democratic Party .
( Mr. Obama won the Alabama primary in February ; Mr. Turnham has known the Clintons for many years . )
“ You have to put together blue - collar workers , veterans , seniors and swing evangelical voters and compete in states like West Virginia , Kentucky , Arkansas , Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania , ” he added .
“ I feel like Hillary has shown more strength there . ”
Mr. Obama sought to allay concerns about questions of his electability on Thursday .
At a campaign stop in Raleigh , N.C. , a woman told Mr. Obama that he was “ really pummeled during the debate . ”
She continued , “ What is your strategy to beat the Republicans in November ? ”
“ That was the rollout of the Republican campaign against me in November .
It happened just a little bit early , but that is what they will do , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ They will try to focus on all these issues that do n’t have anything to do with how you are paying your bills at the end of the month .
There ’s no doubt that I will have to respond sharply and crisply , then pivot to talk about what exactly are we going to do for the economy and what are we going to do about the war in Iraq . ”
Until the nominating fight ends , Mr. Obama said , he is “ trying to show some restraint . ”
He added , “ I wo n’t have as much restraint with the Republicans . "
even the magnums are too small for me , is there anywhere you can order bigger ones on line ?
they fit great on the shaft but it is way too tight around my ball sack and it squeezes my balls which is very uncomfortable .
The historic site of Britain 's crucial code - breaking programme during the second world war is so shabby it has become a " national disgrace " , scientists warned today .
Bletchley Park , which helped launch the modern computer , is in a " terrible state of disrepair " because of a lack of investment , say professors and heads of science from universities across the country in a letter to the Times .
" As a nation we cannot allow this crucial and unique piece of British and world heritage to be neglected , " the 97 signatories say .
" The site , buildings , resources and equipment at Bletchley Park must be preserved for future generations . "
They call for the house and its surrounds , in Milton Keynes , to be made into a national museum of computing .
Bletchley Park is open to the public as a museum but receives no public funds .
The Prince of Wales is due to meet veteran codebreakers there today .
Dr Sue Black , head of computer science at the University of Westminster , told the BBC : " I went up there and felt quite upset by what I saw … [ it was ] a national disgrace . "
The Times letter says : " Although there has recently been some progress in generating income , without fundamental support Bletchley Park is still under threat , this time from the ravages of age and a lack of investment .
" Many of the huts where the codebreaking occurred are in a terrible state of disrepair . "
Bletchley , a Victorian mansion , played a fundamental role in winning the war .
The Government Code and Cipher School arrived there in 1939 and its mathematicians managed to crack the complex Enigma codes , which the Germans thought were unbreakable .
After the war was won , Winston Churchill , who told workers they were the " geese that laid the golden egg " , destroyed all evidence of the codebreaking programme .
By the end of the war , 63 m characters of high - grade German messages had been decrypted by the 550 people working on the Colossus machines at Bletchley Park .
Workers were sworn to secrecy but , in 2006 , Colossus was put back together using eight photographs of the machine taken in 1945 , as well as circuit diagrams that were kept illegally by engineers who worked on the original project .
Authors of the letter include Prof Bill Roscoe , director of Oxford University 's computing laboratory , and his Cambridge counterpart Prof Jean Bacon ; Prof Ian Sommerville , of the University of St Andrews ; and Prof Robert Churchouse of Cardiff University .
Resin Patio Furniture
Constructed from weatherproof plastic , resin patio furniture is a long - lasting , eco-friendly alternative to traditional wood .
Because the material is supremely resistant to rain , snow , wind and sun , it will retain its coloring and quality for years to come .
Resin furniture is an ideal option for beachside bungalows because the material can withstand heavy sun and salt exposure .
We carry a vast assortment of stylish resin outdoor furniture ranging from brightly colored resin chairs to neutral resin tables to help you create a practical yet pleasing outdoor environment that will last a lifetime .
All of these pieces are constructed using non-porous , recycled plastic and come with generous warranties .
A great choice for high - traffic backyards and businesses alike , our resin chairs are soundly constructed and artistically inspired .
Resin Adirondack chairs in yellow , blue , red , brown , white and an array of other colors provide a comfortable and tasteful seating option with an incredibly durable appeal , while our resin chaise chairs are a great choice for the pool deck because they 're built to withstand heavy water exposure .
While resin furniture is often brightly colored because it can retain pigments better than traditional wood or other materials , we also carry sophisticated neutral resin chairs , including sand , teak , green and many other options .
Busy backyards will benefit from Outdoor Furniture Plus ' bountiful assortment of resin dining tables , including sensible garden tables in square , rectangular and round table options .
Easy to clean and free of common wood concerns like warping , cracking and splitting , each resin patio table will help you take advantage of the outdoors all year round .
Explore our entire selection to find quaint resin swings , resin gliders and even high - end resin sofas and loveseats for a whole new way to experience outdoor enjoyment .
GENTLE GIANTS : Local woman Nod Martin and a beached whale at Culleenamore , Co Sligo , in the shadow of Knocknarea
WHALE and dolphin watchers are puzzled and alarmed at an unprecedented spike in the number of deep - water species being stranded and found dead on Irish beaches in the last 14 weeks .
There has been a similar worrying increase in the number of strandings on UK coasts -- especially in Scotland -- according to Mick O'Connell of the Irish Whale and Dolphin Group ( IWDG ) .
The species involved include pilot whales ( Globicephala melas ) Cuvier 's beaked whales ( Ziphius cavirostris ) , and Sowerby 's beaked whales ( Mesoplodon bidens ) .
The IWDG has received an unusually high number of reports of strandings since the beginning of the year mostly on western and northern coasts .
Between January 1 and April 17 , the organisation received reports of 12 separate pilot whale strandings around the Irish coastline including Cork , Kerry , Sligo , Mayo and Donegal .
It 's a shockingly high figure compared with an average over the last four years of 2.6 separate pilot whale strandings for the same three - and - a- half month period of each year .
" We have also received reports of five strandings of either Cuvier 's beaked whales ( 2 ) or unidentified beaked whales ( 3 ) in Co Cork , Streedagh near Sligo town , Fanad in Donegal and at Sherkin Island , Co Cork .
The average number of stranding incidents involving these beaked whale species in the years 2003 to 2007 was just 0.6 during the same period annually .
" It 's certainly worrying and we are monitoring the situation , " Mr O'Connell told the Sunday Independent .
Beaked whales are mysterious creatures of the deep ocean and feed , it is believed , on or near the sea floor .
They have the ability to dive for extraordinarily long periods and to great depths of more than a mile , making them the deepest diving air - breathing animals known .
Beaked whales are found in all oceans , but most species rarely venture into the relatively shallow water of the continental shelves .
They feed primarily on deep water squid , but also on fish and sometimes on crustaceans .
Because they prefer the deep waters , they are very difficult to observe and little is known of most species .
" In effect , what we are seeing so far this year is that beaked whale strandings are running at about 8.3 times average , and pilot whale strandings are running at about 4.6 times the average , " Mick O'Connell has reported on the IWDG website .
" Since February , the west coast of Scotland has also seen a significant increase in strandings of these species with a minimum of 11 Cuvier 's beaked whales , three Sowerby 's beaked whales and 10 pilot whales recorded so far .
" In the majority of cases , the animals died at sea and washed ashore in an advanced state of decomposition , which raises the question of how many others stranded in inaccessible locations or did not wash ashore at all , " he said .
In previous incidents involving mass strandings of beaked whales , concerns have been raised over the effects of naval sonar during military exercises .
" At present , we have no evidence of the cause of death of these cetaceans .
It 's curious that pilot whales are also involved , " he said .
The IWDG have been in contact with the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in the US as well as the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society ( UK ) and the Sea Mammal Research Unit at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , to determine if military or seismic operations were being carried out during the first few months of this year .
One theory is that beaked whales are vulnerable to new ultra - loud anti-submarine sonar , which may force them to surface too quickly and then die from the bends .
However , the large number of Pilot whales stranded may suggest there is another reason for the increase in dead cetaceans washed up on our shores .
Special constable by day , vice madam by night .
Nisha Patel - Nasri might have blushed had she heard the paeans of praise from some of London 's most senior police officers in the days after her murder .
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner , Sir Ian Blair , led the tributes : " Her death has been a huge loss to the Metropolitan Police Service , which she served so enthusiastically . "
At the start of her murder trial , Patel - Nasri 's death was , to use a police cliché , an open and shut case : cheating husband organises wife 's killing to collect life insurance .
But a more complicated , wider tale has unravelled since the convictions of Fadi Nasri , her husband , and his accomplices , Roger Leslie , 37 , a drug - dealing fixer , and Jason Jones , 35 , who stabbed Patel - Nasri at the couple 's home in Wembley and left her dying in the street in May 2006 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Witness statements suggest Patel - Nasri was no stranger to the underground circles her husband moved in .
It is claimed she effectively headed up his escort agency , Seventh Heaven , where women on the books , by her husband 's own admission , could be hired for sex .
And when clients missed a payment , Patel - Nasri , 29 , reportedly used her police warrant card to intimidate them .
The sensitivity of the case – her family is adamant her reputation is being unfairly besmirched – has ensured that senior police officers and politicians have preferred to let their concerns be known privately .
An unnamed detective told one newspaper yesterday Patel - Nasri had become unsackable because , as an Asian woman , she was key to the Metropolitan Police 's diversity drive .
" Politically , she was just too valuable , " the source said .
But Police Commander Rod Jarman said : " The memory of a woman is being subjected to attack in an unreasonable and unnecessary way . "
New Zealanders are to be urged to wash dishes by hand and turn off lights as the country teeters on the brink of a power crisis caused by drought .
After two years of dry weather , the level of water in lakes that drive New Zealand 's hydroelectric power plants is worryingly low .
The energy minister , David Parker , denied claims the country was facing rolling power cuts but said households would be asked to cut electricity consumption by up to 15 % during peak early evening periods unless there was " significant " rainfall soon .
Hydroelectric stations usually produce about 75 % of New Zealand 's electricity but a lack of rain has reduced that output in recent weeks to 50 % .
Coal , diesel and gas - fired power plants are trying to make up the shortfall , but more strain is expected to be put on the national grid with the arrival of winter in the southern hemisphere .
Backed by the government , the electricity industry is to launch a TV campaign aimed at domestic , commercial and industrial users .
The prime minister , Helen Clark , said : " I think the advice will be that while it 's not an emergency , it is time for people to be turning off lights in rooms they are not using , certainly not leaving the computer on all night , the heated towel rail not on for 24 hours a day . "
The last time there was a serious power shortage in New Zealand was in 1992 when businesses were forced to use liquid petroleum gas and diesel .
Street lighting was rationed and households endured hot water restrictions .
The public was also asked to save power in 2001 , 2003 and 2006 but each time rain came soon enough to head off any serious problems .
Phil O'Reilly , the chief executive of Business New Zealand , said poor decisions by successive governments had led to New Zealanders living with the threat of electricity shortages .
" You just ca n't run an economy like this , " he said .
" If we get through to the end of winter without blackouts ; it was all done by the skin of our teeth .
I do n't think that 's a sensible proposition . "
Clark said the commissioning of a new geothermal plant was being brought forward and industrial users of electricity were being targeted to see if they could ease back on demand .
" A lot of things are being done to make sure that we move through this dry spell as smoothly as we can , " she said .
SANGZAO , China 
The students lined up row by row on the outdoor basketball courts of Sangzao Middle School in the minutes after the earthquake .
When the head count was complete , their fate was clear : all 2,323 were alive .
Parents covered in blood and dust hugged them and cried .
So did the school principal , Ye Zhiping .
“ That was the single most joyful thing , ” he said .
Given that some 10,000 other children were crushed in their classrooms during the devastating quake on May 12 , the survival of so many students in Sangzao counts as a minor miracle .
Students and parents credit that to the man they call Angel Ye .
Nervous about the shoddiness of the main school building , Mr. Ye scraped together $ 58,000 to renovate it in the 1990s .
He had workers widen concrete pillars and insert iron rods into them .
He demanded stronger balcony railings .
He demolished a bathroom whose pipes had been weakened by water .
by
Takashi Murakami is a genius .
Not only that , his career , in every conceivable definition , is totally on fire right now .
Genius and mega-popularity outside the art world do n’t always run hand in hand , but Murakami is hitting all the right touchpoints with demographics that might not normally be exposed to his work .
Newly introduced to a whole new world of fans through his work with Kanye West and Louis Vuitton , and recently celebrated by fans new and old at his recent MOCA exhibit and his current solo show at Blum & Poe in LA , Murakami is universally hailed and loved to death by art critics and hipsters and everyone in between .
He can pretty much do no wrong .
And when you can do no wrong , your life - sized sculpture of a bright - eyed anime manga - boy jerking off and whipping his jizz into a gigantic lasso around his head will sell at auction for $ 13.5 million US .
Two nights ago at Sotheby ’s Contemporary Art Evening , “ My Lonesome Cowboy ” , estimated to go for $ 3 - $ 4 million , surpassed expectations and ended up with a $ 13.5 million closing bid .
Add in the 11 % house commission and you ’ve got yourself a world - famous Murakami for a cool $ 15.161 million .
The only question that remains … where to put it ?
Not like you needed further proof , but Murakami proved just how rad he is again during his MOCA exhibition in LA .
When a huge Murakami billboard on Melrose Avenue was elaborately painted on by artists Auger / Revok , it was soon taken down .
But not for the negative reasons you might think .
Murakami himself had seen pics of the billboard online and loved it so much he wanted it for his own personal collection .
And when you ’re Murakami , that means the billboard gets dismantled and shipped to you …in Japan .
Awesome .
Via NOTCOT
S.F.'s system for chronic offenders broken
How is it possible that chronic behavioral malcontent George Miley assaulted a female police officer three weeks ago , but only ended up spending four days in jail ?
After all , his July 6 attack on Officer Lisa Frazer was followed by his 106th arrest since 2001 .
Most everyone says the system for punishing quality - of - life crimes like public drunkenness and aggressive panhandling is broken in San Francisco , but Miley seems like an extraordinary case .
How can he be on the streets today ?
The answer is both complicated and simple : Lenient San Francisco juries , clogged courts , and judges who are more willing to settle cases than impose consequential sentences are among the problems .
And certainly , some of the blame has to fall on the office of District Attorney Kamala Harris .
She is a supporter of the Community Justice Center , a pilot program pushed forward by city supervisors on Tuesday .
It would punish blight crimes in the Tenderloin and SoMa but also offer chronic offenders like Miley targeted services such as drug counseling or job training and monitor their progress .
Harris knows the court program 's offer of services for chronic offenders instead of jail time may be the carrot , but that her office also needs to provide the stick .
People who do n't get help and commit more crimes need to face real penalties .
That 's how a frustrated police force sees it .
" I do n't know who did n't do their job on Miley , " said Capt .
Steve Tacchini , Frazer 's commanding officer at the Mission Station .
" But I know it was not our fault .
We served him up on a platter ( to prosecutors ) .
I 'm upset about it and every police officer in San Francisco should be . "
Chief Assistant District Attorney Russ Giuntini says the right things .
" There have to be consequences , " Giuntini said .
" With people like Mr. Miley , we take it seriously .
We 've got to crack down . "
Giuntini also says , " We tried him twice already .
The first time he was acquitted and the second time it was a hung jury , 11 - 1 ( against conviction . ) "
Those were n't his only two trials .
He was convicted twice and served 30 - day sentences in 2002 for public drunkenness , being a public nuisance and loitering with a knife .
Giuntini's point is that that the D.A. 's office is working with what it has available .
San Francisco juries have a reputation for being reluctant to convict " quality - of - life " crimes .
The D.A. 's office strenuously denies that it kicks cases that do n't have a good chance of conviction , but it seems to settle for small victories .
Recently , for example , Assistant D.A. Jeff
Ross said the office was able to negotiate a " motion to revoke " option .
Until then , getting any action on someone who violated probation was a cumbersome and difficult effort .
Now the process has been streamlined , and the D.A. can get the probation revoked and send the person to jail immediately , he said .
That 's how Miley ended up with probation and a " stay - away " order from the Castro area location where he assaulted Frazer before he was pepper - sprayed , restrained and arrested .
If Miley violates that order and returns to the 18th and Diamond neighborhood , he could be put in jail for a year .
Tacchini is n't impressed .
" Let me ask you this , " he said .
" If he got four days for assaulting a police officer , how many days do you think he 'll get for violating a stay - away order ? "
Yet even Gary Delagnes , the president of the Police Officers Association and generally no fan of the D.A. 's office , says he can't put all the blame on Harris ' office .
" Far be it from me to defend the D.A. , " he said , " but you 've got everybody pointing at everybody else .
What we really need is a comprehensive program for quality - of - life crimes that comes from everyone - from the mayor 's office , to the D.A. , to the criminal justice system . "
That includes the judges .
An independent team of consultants working for the California Administrative Office of the Courts reviewed the San Francisco Superior Court in March 2007 .
The review found , among other things , that the longer a case dragged on , the better deal a defendant was likely to be offered .
For someone like Miley , trial is a no-risk option because there is no incentive to settle for a guilty plea .
" If you get the same sentence after the trial as before and you have a free attorney , you might say , ' Hey , I 'll take that excursion .
And I maybe I 'll even beat the case , ' " Giuntini said , adding he was surprised that Miley agreed to plead guilty to assaulting Frazer .
" He 's been on such a roll . "
Assistant D.A. Michael Troncoso said that might be changing .
Local judges , getting the word from the community , have increased severity of sentences , he said .
That has n't yet satisfied Tacchini .
" We 've drawn 106 lines in the sand with this guy , " Tacchini said of Miley .
" And he keeps stepping over them .
The system is being abused .
We 're running in quicksand here . "
Nearly everyone agrees with Delagnes when he says that this is a problem that needs strong leaders who will stand up and make the tough , politically difficult decisions .
With that in mind , here 's this note :
After two days of me trying to get her to comment on this issue , District Attorney Kamala Harris could n't find time to discuss it .
Wind power has come a long way since the days of old mills dotting the Dutch countryside .
Sure , this endlessly blowing fuel is far from a panacea for worldwide energy concerns , but as engineers propel through its problems , it has become a more and more compelling source of energy — even if the United States has a long way to go .
Wind 's future took another step toward energy prominence ( if not dominance ) this week when the United Kingdom unveiled a plan for what could be one of the most ambitious expansions of wind power the world has ever seen .
Through the construction of hundreds of offshore turbines , the country hopes to harvest up to 33GW of wind - driven energy .
" If we could manage to achieve this , by 2020 enough energy could be generated off our shores to power the equivalent of all of the UK's homes , " UK Energy Secretary John Hutton told European energy industry leaders at a meeting in Berlin , where he unveiled the plan .
Since the proposed project would dramatically change the British coast , it will be subject to an environmental review .
— Seth Porges
Mr De Klerk started to dismantle the apartheid regime after 1989 South Africa 's former President FW De Klerk has told the BBC that the heritage of apartheid cannot be blamed for this month 's xenophobic attacks .
" It would be a great over simplification to blame everything which is wrong ... on the heritage of the past , " he said .
The last apartheid - era leader said unemployment and the high crime rate were the main reasons for the violence .
More than 70,000 people have fled the attacks and more than 50 died .
Mr De Klerk became president in 1989 and started to dismantle the apartheid regime , which ended five years later .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Aid workers in South Africa have been pushing for disaster zones to be declared in the areas worst hit by recent xenophobic attacks .
Correspondents say there is growing concern about the conditions in which tens of thousands of displaced people are living .
Most are still sheltering in community halls , churches and police stations and some are sleeping out in the open .
The government says it is working urgently to provide more suitable accommodation for them .
' Loses credibility '
In an interview on the BBC's Today programme , Mr De Klerk said that the attacks against foreigners were " unacceptable " and high unemployment amongst black South Africans and crime were to blame .
DISPLACED FIGURES South Africa : about 38,000 Gauteng : 17,548
Western Cape : 19,654
KwaZulu Natal : 1,650 -1,750
Figures from Ocha Mozambique : 32,082 Malawi : 500 Zimbabwe : 123
Figures from the Red Cross
In pictures : Displaced life in SA
He said that immigrants were " prepared to work at lower wages " .
" Therefore many black South Africans feel that these people are robbing them of their jobs and of their food and of their livelihoods so I think that 's the main root cause , " he said .
He said that crime could not be solely blamed on foreigners .
" But there 's no doubt that a substantial percentage of the illegal immigrants are involved in the high crime rates which we have . "
He rejected that claim that the legacy of apartheid was to blame for many of the country 's current social problems .
Under apartheid , people were deprived of their full political rights , but not on a " socio-economic basis " , he said .
" It was quite developmental if you look at what has happened in the educational field , in the field of housing - I 'm now talking from the 1960s to the 1990s , the establishment of new universities , the creation of opportunities , small business development , " he said .
Critics of apartheid have argued that black South Africans at the time received an inferior education - many young people boycotted school to fight apartheid - and black ownership of commercial business was prohibited or highly regulated .
Apartheid is often blamed as a means of " political expediency " , Mr De Klerk said .
I think Zimbabwe 's lot is now in the hand of Zimbabweans
FW De Klerk " But there 's no doubt that we 've now had a new full open democracy since 1994 - it 's almost 15 years - and month by month the claim that everything which is wrong is to be blamed on the past loses its appeal and its credibility . "
In a statement on Thursday , the government acknowledged " the urgent need to accelerate its programmes for alleviating poverty , unemployment and other forms of socio- economic deprivation " .
It also appealed to communities " to reject any agitation from those who wish to reduce this country into a lawless country " .
' Up the garden path '
With regard to the political crisis in Zimbabwe , Mr De Klerk said that South Africa 's reputation had been " damaged " .
The Cape Town mayor wants local government to co-ordinate relief Efforts by Thabo Mbeki , South Africa 's current leader , to get a unity government between President Robert Mugabe 's party and that of opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai were " outdated " , he said .
" At certain stages President Mugabe made promises to President Mbeki which he did n't keep - and in that sense I 'm a bit sorry for President Mbeki because I think at times Mugabe led him up the garden path . "
He also had praise for Mr Tsvangirai and his " statesmanlike qualities " in agreeing to an election re-run .
" I think Zimbabwe 's lot is now in the hand of Zimbabweans , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Much of it has to do with changing national mores and an evolving economic and social landscape .
In this sense , Batman 's story is a microcosm for what happened throughout the entire comic book industry during that period and , to a lesser extent , some of the changes that swept across the nation .
One of the most important episodes in Batman 's metamorphosis centered around the startling accusation that Batman and Robin were gay and might seed impressionable youths with homosexual fantasies .
Silver Age Batman was indelibly shaped by the gendered expectations of the era and his failure to adhere to those expectations incited criticism , predictably , that called into question his sexual identity .
Nolan 's vision is inspired by the Golden Age Batman , who was a different breed altogether .
Batman of the early 1940s , for example , shot people , tossed them off rooftops , and had few reservations about killing criminals .
He menaced murderers , gangsters , and thugs , not overgrown graffiti artists .
Early Gotham was a dark and scary place , the sort of place that might inspire people to , you know , dress up like a giant bat .
So what happened ?
Why did the dark and menacing Batman of 1940s become the lame and tame Batman of the 1960s ?
Everyone is pretty whipped up about the release of The Dark Knight , which shattered Spiderman 3's record for largest first - weekend box - office draw over the weekend .
Unlike Spiderman 3 , The Dark Knight is actually a very entertaining film .
Christopher Nolan 's Batman franchise is darker , more serious , and , consequently more frightening .
It also captures the psychological complexity of the titular character in a way that the more stylized vision of Tim Burton - not to mention the dreck produced by Joel Schumacher - never could .
I always preferred Batman to Superman , largely because Batman , the central implausibility of his character aside , was psychologically interesting in a way that the bland Superman never was .
Of course , my introduction to Batman was Frank Miller 's The Dark Knight Returns , a crucial revision of the Batman myth which imagined Batman as a psychologically scarred character inhabiting an increasingly savage world .
In contrast , most baby - boomers may be more likely to associate Batman with the campy , absurdist version of the late - 1950s and 1960s best captured in the long - running television series .
In the pages of Detective in that era , Batman traveled through time , verbally sparred with " Batmite " , and foiled countless plots to deface many of Gotham City 's iconic landmarks .
In other words , Silver Age Batman was a glorified boyscout , patrolling against vandalism - just like Superman without the awesome powers .
Outing the Caped Crusader
The accusation that Batman was a homo , as strange as it might sound to our own ears , was taken quite seriously by government and public alike .
It was n't leveled by a marginal nut or crank , but by a world - renowned psychiatrist , Dr. Frederic Wertham .
Wertham was the Chief Psychiatrist for the New York Department of Hospitals and an important figure among the New York City liberal intelligentsia .
His writings were respected enough to help form part of the legal strategy for Brown v. Board .
In 1954 , Wertham published a scathing indictment of comic books , The Seduction of the Innocent , which argued that comic books were an invidious influence on American youth , responsible for warped gender attitudes and all manner of delinquency .
Wertham 's accusations garnered the attention of Senator Estes Kefauver and his Senate Sub - committee on Juvenile Delinquency , where Wertham repeated many of his central claims .
Batman and Robin , Wertham charged , inhabited " a wish dream of two homosexuals living together . "
They lived in " sumptuous quarters , " unencumbered by wives and girlfriends , with only an aged butler for company .
They cared for each other 's injuries , frequently shared quarters , and lounged together in dressing gowns .
Worse still , both exhibited damning psychological characteristics : proclivities for costumes , dressing up , and fantasy play ; secretive behavior and double - lives ; little interest in women ; and , most damning of all , neurotic compulsions resulting in their violent vigilantism .
Indeed , Wertham argued , depictions of Batman and Robin were frequently homoerotic , visually emphasizing Batman 's rippling physique and Robins splayed , bare thighs .
" Only someone ignorant of the fundamentals of psychiatry and psychopathology of sex can fail to realize the subtle atmosphere of homoeroticism which pervades the adventures , " wrote Wertham .
" The Batman type of story may stimulate children to homosexual fantasies . "
Batman 's creators and writers were aghast .
Batman , they noted , had a series of dalliances with several Gothamite ladies , even if he'd never settled down .
Nor , they argued , had there ever been any explicit homosexual affection between Batman and Robin , much less a portrayal of anything beneath their tights .
And , in any case , what sense did it make to interrogate the sexual practices of a character who lived only in the frames of a comic book ?
Any " sex life " Batman might possess was purely the imagination of his critics and had nothing to do with Batman himself .
Right ?
Right ?!
Imagination , as they say , is a powerful thing .
As literary critic Mark Best notes , " Wertham did correctly identify the possibility of a queer reading of the superhero , albeit as an example of what was wrong with the comics . "
If Bruce Wayne was a paragon of upper - middle class white masculinity - wealthy , cultivated , and amiable - his secret identity represented the dark liberation found in the lurid city , cruising strange corners .
Even if Batman 's genitals were never portrayed coming into contact with Robin , Batman 's crime - fighting lifestyle still embodied a fantasy of freedom from male familial responsibilities and , in a very real sense , from women altogether .
Batman 's world of the 1940s was almost exclusively male .
The few females who appeared in the pages of Detective were usually for show or comic relief ( Bruce Wayne 's earliest fiance , Julie Madison , was frequently duped by his double - identity and played for laughs ) .
Like many closeted men , Bruce Wayne dated women to keep up appearances , so that no one would suspect that beneath his placid veneer lurked the sort of fellow who wrestled with criminals in dark alleys .
Batman vs the Nuclear Family
At a time when social norms dictated that men and women alike should form nuclear families and settle into comfortable domesticity , Batman 's homosocial world presented no small challenge to the " normal " family .
Of course , only a decade before the publication of The Seduction of the Innocents the idea of men living only with other men for the purposes of fighting other men was not only uncontroversial , but , in the midst of World War II , it was the norm .
Under war conditions , soldiers lived and slept together .
They depended upon one another for comfort and support , emotional and physical .
As John Ibson argues in Picturing Men , male - male physical affection in the wartime context was normal and captured frequently in photography of the era .
As Allan Berube has documented , soldiers frequently also found sexual companionship with other soldiers , often with the knowledge of and without causing much consternation from their peers and superiors .
In fact , the military did little to aggressively police male - male sexuality until the end of the war , when the military dishonorably discharged tens - of - thousands of service people on " morals " charges .
Indeed , the sort of intimacy between men enjoyed by millions of men in the early 1940s was increasingly suspect by the end of the decade .
Society moved quickly to restabilize heterosexuality and stigmatize many of the types of same - sex intimacy - sexual and nonsexual alike - that had been common during the war .
Margot Canaday notes in Building a Straight State that the architects of the 1944 GI Bill designed it intentionally to make ineligible for benefits those tens of thousands of service people discharged on morals charges .
The Lavender Scare
In addition , as tensions with the Soviet Union increased , psychologists , politicians , and demagogues linked communism to homosexuality , arguing that communists and homosexuals alike were secretive and opposed to the " democratic " heterosexual family unit .
Even if homosexuals were not communist themselves , they could be blackmailed and strong armed into complicity with communist schemes .
Thus , the " lavender scare " - as historian Robert Johnson has called it - preceded the " red scare . "
In 1950 , a subcommittee chaired by Maryland Senator Millard Tydings convened to investigate Joseph McCarthy 's notorious list of " 205 known communists . "
Tydings worked to discredit McCarthy 's claim , but , in the process , the subcommittee at least partially validated concerns that the State Department was overrun with " sexual perverts . "
During the hearings , Nebraska Senator Kenneth
Wherry memorably claimed that as many as 3,000 homosexuals were employed at State .
By the end of 1950 , 600 people had been dismissed from positions at the State Department on morals charges .
How deeply this context specifically informed the creative forces at DC is difficult to tell .
Regardless , the charges levied by Wertham against Batman were bad for sales .
Parents might steer their children away from the title toward more " wholesome " comics and some communities might attempt censor the comic book altogether .
In an effort , to combat the perception that their product was morally suspect , DC made a number of changes .
Butching up Batman
To address the general concern that Batman comics were too violent and encouraged socially reckless behavior , writers for Batman increasingly penned stories with surreal , fantastical , or absurd story lines .
Plots portrayed Batman traveling through time to ancient Babylon , venturing to alien planets , and being the victim of magic spells .
Rather than depicting Gotham as a den of vice and crime , the writers portrayed the city as relatively safe and prosperous .
Batman 's foes became less violent , plotting capers that often centered exclusively on symbolic crimes or " unmasking " Batman .
Batman himself became less anti-social - frequently cooperating with Gotham police and public safety committees - and DC began including public service advertisements in the comic .
Other changes were designed to specifically undercut the accusation that Batman and Robin were gay .
Alfred 's role in the comic was diminished ( Alfred was even killed off for a while in the early 1960s , only to be , literally , resurrected for a while as a villain ) .
To supplement Alfred , Aunts Agatha and Harriet were introduced to provide care , nurturing and a woman 's touch in Wayne manor .
At the same time , DC began to introduce a series of other female characters to provide romances for Batman and Robin - Bat - girl in 1956 and Batwoman in 1961 .
As Best notes , Bat - girl and Batwoman 's complementary crime - fighting acted as a replacement for regular heterosexual courtship : rather than dinner and a movie , a romantic Batman took his girl out on rooftops .
In this sense , Batman 's crime - fighting became a sight for potential heterosexual productivity , a time when Batman could WOO ! and COURT !
The cast of female characters provided Batman with something of a full family , or at least the groundwork for one .
Even if the bat - family never achieved full " normalcy , " it at least blunted the edges of a lifestyle that was irreconcilable with the gendered expectations of the decade .
It 's something of a cliché today to point out that the rigid expectations of domesticity in 1950s were , to say the least , unrealistic and stifling for many people , straight and gay alike .
Whether Batman experienced something of a Bat - Mystique is tough to discern , though he seems , at times , to have chaffed under the care of Aunts Harriet and Agatha .
But Batman 's hypothetical feelings on the matter were irrelevant to the suits at DC .
The world had changed .
A Batman who continued to live in 1945 was an economic liability in 1955 .
He was a threat to the family and to the bottom - line .
Batman's " gayness , " then , was a flash point for a larger set of social anxieties .
Just as elites worked aggressively to purge society and government of homosexuality , so too did DC purge Batman of any social deficiency which could be interpreted or construed as " gay . "
Was it enough ?
To satisfy the most vocal critics , yes .
But , ironically , the move to surrealism and fantasy also pushed Batman into the territory of high camp , in which Batman 's ostensibly heterosexual romances were suspiciously unbelievable .
Indeed , in the camp world of the Batman television series , Batman 's exaggerated and largely asexual romances seemed almost like a parody of actual heterosexual romances - a tension best explored by Robert Smigel 's Ace and Gary .
In this sense , Silver Age Batman 's partisans miss the central reason why Batman is a compelling and fascinating figure in the first place .
Batman 's most important relationships have always been with criminals .
What drives him to pursue them ?
How does he distinguish himself from his queries ?
How is vigilantism anything but criminal ?
Indeed , Batman 's most provocative implications have centered around the distinction between law and justice - Batman 's dedication to the latter , often at the expense of the former .
Attempts to contrive a heterosexual " history " for Batman have always rang false , precisely because what rang true about Batman had nothing to do with " normal " heterosexual romance .
That hardly necessitates Batman occupy an all - male world and the next Nolan film would benefit from a compelling female villain .
Nevertheless , this much is certain : a character locked in any banal romance , either with Dick Grayson or Rachel Dawes , hardly seems believable as someone willing to endure the deprivations and burdens required of the Batman .
Phil Gramm's Skeleton Closet
Quotes " The most dangerous place in Washington is between Phil Gramm and a camera " -- something reporters say
" Anybody with $ 2.1 billion has to be taken seriously . " -- Gramm , about Ross Perot
" If you 're willing to pay the price , you can beat anybody at anything . " - Phil Gramm
" He 's always willing to rise above principle .
He 's got every quality of a dog except loyalty . " --
Dave McNeely , political columnist for the Austin , Texas American - Statesman
" You can love him or hate him , but when you 're dealing with him , there are 2 things you 've got to remember : # 1 , he 's smarter than you are .
# 2 , he 's meaner than a junkyard dog . " -- Marvin Leath , former Gramm colleague
" I 'm carrying so much pork [ home to Texas ] I 'm beginning to get trichinosis . " -- budget hawk Phil Gramm
" Voters vote for people they like .
Now Phil , I know his mother likes him .
I know Wendy likes him .
I think his dog likes him .
And I like him .
I 've named four . " -- Buddy Roemer
Sleazy Film Financier
Gramm 's brother - in - law , George Caton , says he watched a film called " Truck Stop Women " with Gramm back in 1974 , which got our champion of family values interested in investing in this kind of movie .
Gramm admits that $ 7,500 of his money somehow wound up financing a never - completed , R- rated movie called " Beauty Queens " but he denies that he had any interest in funding pornography .
That may be true .
They press hyped this up as supporting a " porn " film , which is a ridiculous overstatement .
The fact is , Gramm got taken ; " Beauty Queens " was never made , and the money went to finance a raucous and stupid anti-Nixon movie ( which never made a dime . )
( Gramm is said to have watched and like the result . )
But it is clear that Gramm had no compunctions about making money off an off - color film .
This makes his current sucking up to the Christian right all the more offensive .
And his evasive responses when asked about this scandal are disturbingly typical of Gramm 's responses to other charges and allegations .
Savings and Loan Scandal Texas S&L owner Jerry D. Stiles , who has been convicted of bank fraud in the S&L scandals , advanced $ 117,000 interest free for a construction crew that came from Texas to Maryland to build Gramm a vacation home .
There were no written estimates or contracts .
Months later , Gramm paid back just $ 60,000 and Stiles paid the rest .
About the same time , Gramm ushered through a bill that allowed sick Texas S&L's ( such as the ones Stiles owned ) to stay open .
He later urged regulators to give Stiles waivers -- even after they found irregularities that led to Stiles ' conviction -- and advised Stiles on new banking regulations .
The Senate investigated Gramm but ruled that the $ 57,000 Stiles paid was a " cost overrun " , not a payment .
Getting A Drug Dealer Back On the Streets
In 1979 , letters signed by Phil Gramm on his congressional stationery were sent to the parole board , asking for an early release for a man , Bill Doyle , who had been repeatedly convicted on drug dealing and weapons charges .
Doyle was released soon after Gramm 's letter , and has been sent back to prison 3 times since on new drug charges or for failing drug tests .
Gramm first claimed never to have heard of the man .
When Mother Jones magazine produced letters with Gramm 's signature , his office released a statement by a secretary claiming that she sent the letter out without his knowledge , forging his signature .
We find this hard to believe .
Draft Dodger
Like most of the candidates for President this year , Phil Gramm was of age to fight in Vietnam -- and avoided it .
Gramm used five deferments for college and marriage to stay in America while the Dickey Flatts of the world were fighting , and getting killed , overseas .
Rival Bob Dornan , a fighter pilot in the 1950s who went to Vietnam as a press photographer , calls Gramm " a Vietnam - era draft evader undeserving of the role of president . "
Would he call Gramm a draft dodger ?
" Yeah .
Anybody born prior to 1952 who was physically fit had a choice .
You either did something or sent someone else there in your place . "
Laundering Illegal Campaign Contributions for Bob Packwood : Gramm was head of the Republican 's Senate campaign fundraising effort in 1992 .
Bob Packwood 's diary describes a meeting on March 6 , 1992 where Gramm promised to funnel $ 100,000 in party " soft " money to Packwood 's campaign .
The limit for party contributions to a candidate , $ 17,500 , had already been given at that point .
( Packwood narrowly won reelection while vastly outspending his opponent . )
" What was said in that room would be enough to convict us all of something , " Packwood wrote in his diary .
Packwood now says that the diary entry was " totally wrong . "
Gramm says the diary " reflects an obvious misunderstanding of the election law ... "
But the simpler explanation is that Packwood 's diary , which he never expected to see the light of day , and fought like a demon to keep private , is telling the truth .
In his fight , Packwood warned that making the diary public would ruin senators other than himself -- and no one has reported any other diary allegations as serious as theis one against Gramm .
Gramm 's extraordinary success in fundraising was his stepping stone to this presidential campaign -- a lot of Republicans owe him favors .
( Just like Jerry Brown did earlier for Democrats ) .
But Gramm owes a lot of favors to big money donors , and his career has been marked by his willingness , even eagerness , to pay back his donors with political rewards .
Abuses of Power
Gramm has a disturbing pattern of pulling strings to get his way .
Few of the examples are crucial , but they add up to a continuing character defect .
For example
- Pulling strings for illegal hunting near his Maryland resort home .
7 game wardens say that Gramm , a hunting buddy and a major contributor used his clout so all 3 could continue illegal duck hunting over ponds baited with grain .
Gramm 's beach home borders the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge .
Tax lobbyist J.D. Williams , a friend and contributor of Gramm's , had been feuding with game wardens since being arrested for hunting over baited fields two years before , and now he had been heard threatening wildlife officials that with Gramm 's clout , any official who gave him trouble is " going to be counting seals in Alaska . "
Gramm called a meeting with Williams and Frank Dunkle , director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , for a chat about wildlife law enforcement on the Eastern Shore .
Dunkle warned Gramm that his property was under surveillance for baited hunting , and issued a new policy - applying only to the Blackwater refuge - forbidding wardens from enforcing waterfowl laws on neighboring properties .
7 months later , the director of the Blackwater Refulge was transferred unwillingly , not to Alaska but to Georgia 's Okefenokee Swamp , and another wildlife official who had refused to transfer him was also reassigned .
Character :
We have n't found any yet .
We 'll let you know .
Actually , he showed some guts and open mindedness by marrying a woman of Korean descent .
It 's a sad fact that this may cost him more votes than his sleaze .
Sources : Cloud , David S. " Gramm deal questioned . "
Congressional Quarterly Weekly Report v50 , n48 ( Dec 5 , 1992 ) :3750 .
Time Daily Online , May 18 , 1995 p1 , citing the New Republic that week .
( re : Porn film )
" Gramm Denies Diverting Funds to Packwood Camp " , NY Times news service , San Francisco Chronicle , Spetember 9 , 1995 pA2
" Phil 's Felon " , Will Saletan , Mother Jones , January 1995
" Justice Dept. to Review Packwood Case " , San Francisco Chronicle , September 15 , 1995
" Hunting Rules Eased for VIPs " , Susan Baer ( Baltimore Sun ) , San Francisco Examiner , April 2 , 1995 pA - 8
" Gramm Linked to Illegal Hunting " , Jim Drinkard , Associated Press , May 1 , 1995
" Gramm Says Aide Used His Name in Early Parole of Drug Dealer " , Thomas Edsall ( Washington Post ) , San Francisco Chronicle , pA12
" Gramm Admits Plucking Aide From Air Force " , San Francisco Chronicle , June 1995 , pA18
Book Your Tour Packages With Us !
Adventure is relative .
To some , it ’s a relaxed stroll through a National Park with a naturist or an awe - inspiring hot air balloon ride over the pyramids at sunset .
To others , it ’s kayaking an ice shelf in Antarctica or a spirited trek up a volcano at dawn .
We know that adventure is personal , and that ’s why we ’ve got it covered – from mild to wild .
Topdeck Travel , G Adventures , Trafalgar Tours , Insight Vacations , Collete Vacations , Globus Tours , Collete , and Intrepid Travel are all synonymous with incredible travel experiences !
This month , get off the beaten path with local experts , no matter your travel style .
Each of our dynamic travel tour partners is poised to bring you the adventure of a lifetime , and change the way you travel .
Enjoy the safety , value and convenience of an escorted adventure tour today , and save .
Hear that ?
That ’s the call of the wild .
Get out there !
Book your tour today with our knowledgeable Expert Travellers by calling 1-855-796-8359 or by visiting your closest Flight Centre store .
In past years , KDE and GNOME have each had one major annual conference , Akademy and GUADEC , respectively .
While these conferences are not run in exactly the same way , the KDE e.V. and the GNOME Foundation boards solicited proposals to host a joint conference for 2009 .
This new conference will encompass both Akademy and GUADEC to encourage cross-desktop communication and development .
Three good proposals were received , and after some consideration by the membership and boards of their respective non-profit councils , the Gran Canaria , Canary Islands , Spain proposal was selected and will be known as the Gran Canaria Desktop Meeting .
The event will occur in the first week of July , 2009 .
" This is going to be a humongous event .
Not the biggest in terms of numbers of attendees or vendor floor , but it 's a big event in historic importance -- bringing the two big Free Desktop project conferences together in a joint or co-located week of free exchange of ideas , implementations and of getting work done on each individual project , " KDE e.V. vice president Adriaan de Groot told Ars .
" The eight and a half days of the conference make it longer than previous events and the breadth of planned activities is impressive as well : it 's not just one community conference , or even two together , but also a Free Software event for the entire islands group .
That is important for bringing new people into the Free Software desktop community ; in turn , that 's good for maintaining a vibrant and healthy community in the long - term . "
This sentiment is echoed by Behdad Esfahbod , president of the GNOME Foundation .
" We 're looking forward to having the opportunity to extend those relationships to our KDE colleagues at Akademy / GUADEC , " Esfahbod wrote in a statement .
Feedback from within the KDE and GNOME communities has been very positive about this planned event , as it will potentially bring thousands of free desktop developers and enthusiasts to one place to plot , plan , and hack .
Additionally , some Linux distributors have been discussing canceling their distro-specific events to send their entire team of developers to the combined event .
This event has the right elements in place to make it the biggest developer meeting in the history of FOSS development .
Of course , there are many reasons why this event is going to the Canary Islands , and it 's not just because it 's warm .
The local organization team is pitching in 250,000 € to help cover the costs of the event .
FOSS is booming in the Canary Islands , with the schools and governments using FOSS software everywhere .
Their commitment to improving the software they use is quite visible in their government 's vested interest in this event .
The event itself is being organized by their Secretary of Tourism , Technological Innovation and Foreign Trade .
Having attended several free - software developer events in the past , I am certainly looking forward to this one with much anticipation .
Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda are Nintendo ’s two most popular icons , and biggest cash cows .
Imagine if you could take the best of these two franchises and create a third , powerful entity .
Oh , wait , they did that already .
The lovechild ’s name was Metroid , and the resulting iconic character was Samus Aran .
The original Metroid came out in 1986 in Japan and one year later in the U.S. .
The game gained notoriety after it was revealed in the games ending that the character you played as was a woman .
Nintendo went so far as to refer to Samus as being male in the English instruction booklet .
At a time before the Internet , you either overheard the secret in the cafeteria at lunchtime , or experienced the surprise for yourself .
Metroid II for the Game Boy was a bit smaller and more linear , but still was not a bad game by any means .
I think gamers expected a possible step down for any NES sequel made for the Game Boy , and mentally prepared for it .
But nothing prepared us for the leap that Super Metroid made on the SNES .
To most , it ’s the quintessential 2 - d sidescroller , and one of , if not the best SNES game .
However , one has to wonder what happened to Metroid in the Nintendo 64 era .
Miyamoto stated : “ through the entire Nintendo 64 period we were thinking of ways to produce a new Metroid title .
We could n’t come up with any concrete ideas or vehicle at that time . ”
For a game franchise with such a clean record ( yes , including the Metroid Prime series dispute ) , it may have been for the best that Metroid 64 never saw the light of day .
The 64 era was the gawky preteen era of 3 - d games , and Nintendo 64 graphics have not aged as well as many thought .
Neither have many of the game ’s implementation of 2 - d gameplay mechanics in a 3 - d world .
Mario 64 has lost many fans who were taken in by the novelty of Nintendo franchises in 3-d , and nothing else .
Luckily , Ocarina of Time still stands as a beacon of hope for the Nintendo 64 ’s legacy .
With that said , I feel it would have been more difficult to translate a Metroid game into a 64 game .
For the legacy of the Metroid series , it was a smart to allow 3 - d graphics to ripen before releasing a 3 -d Metroid .
Despite the debate over whether the Prime series consists of “ real ” Metroid games , many haters agree that if you take the “ Metroid ” name out of the picture , they still remain solid games .
If Nintendo continues to release 2 -d Metroid games along with any 3 - d titles , who can complain ?
3 - d or not , Samus lives on in the hearts and minds of the fans , as the following fanart is proof of .
James Mason
Chris Butler
Al Gonzales
Luis Gonzalez
Nicole Sheree Dubois
AND -3
Adam Vehige
ShadowWalkerInc
Stay home , read , have sex /
Will insane gas prices finally pummel us into evolving ?
How bad will it get ?
It should be a truly fascinating — albeit possibly enormously grim — thing to watch , one of the more dramatic and revolutionary market - driven shifts in modern history , upheaving everything we 've become so accustomed to and changing behaviors and attitudes and alliances and political agendas and ass - girths and no I 'm not talking about the " Lost " finale or the new 3G iPhone or how Brangelina 's twins are a sure sign of the Second Coming .
It 's the massive , painful spike in gas and oil prices , that most wonderful / frightening harbinger of doom / change / turmoil known to modern society that is fast turning into a calamitous global hurricane , ready to wreak havoc on just about every aspect of modern life , and that includes food and transport and sex and drugs and rock ' n ' roll and just about everything else that makes America , America .
What , too dramatic ?
Not by much .
The initial signs are all in place .
The price of a barrel of oil is soaring , production levels are peaking , the world economy is shuddering in the face of a permanent production slowdown , even the most staid economists and prognosticators are blinking hard and saying holy hell , we really have no idea how this will all shake out .
You can already feel the initial clenching .
As a nation , they say we 're already driving about 4 percent less than we did last year , which translates into 11 billion miles per month , which , for gluttonous and wanton Americans , is technically considered " a lot . "
SUV sales are tanking fast and trading in your old gas hog is increasingly difficult as rampant feelings of comeuppance and I - told - you - so smugness from small car / scooter / bike owners spread across the land like a viral Weezer video .
But that 's just the beginning .
It appears that the dour , much - maligned peak oil sages from a few years back were at least partially correct , and the let 's - drill - everywhere weasels from the war - for - oil Republican Party were , quite naturally , wrong .
There are simply no indicators that gas will drop back to the $ 2 range anytime soon , there is very little " elasticity " left in the global petroleum market , and China and India are dipping larger and larger ladles into a smaller and smaller pot , all pointing to a very good chance that the United States will see seven or eight bucks a gallon just in time for the final SUV manufacturing plant to switch over to making Segways and sun visors .
Big deal ?
Hell yes it is .
No other crucial , universal market commodity has seen a 200 - 400 percent price spike in such a short period .
It means a much broader , more dangerous upheaval in global energy , given how that damnable petroleum is everywhere , from food production to manufacturing , shipping to construction .
It will be heaven , it will be hell .
President Obama will likely hesitate not at all to instigate a massive hybrid / plug - in / alterative fuel initiative , challenging inventors and Big Auto alike to finally get their asses in gear and knock it off with the internal combustion BS that has n't changed in any fundamental way in , oh , about 150 years .
Carpooling will soar .
People will walk , bike , scooter , take the bus , work shorter weeks , stroll and amble and hum a merry tune , reacquaint themselves with the neighborhood , telecommute , vacation locally , have more phone sex .
They will shop locally to avoid skyrocketing shipping prices , buy less plastic , recycle .
The era of cheap oil that enabled hideous urban sprawl will now quite possibly flip over and begin to enable the exact reverse ... whatever that is .
Alternative energy sources ?
All the rage .
From hemp to algae to ass fat to pig manure to dead cats , the question will soon be , what wo n't we consider as a new source to power up the Can - Am Spyder to get us to the dance on time ?
Ingenuity will flourish .
Ingenuity will confound .
Ingenuity will annoy the hell out of millions of die - hard car lovers who just want to drive the Audi to Whole Foods without having to sell a kidney .
Oh well .
A full tank of gas will become a true luxury item .
Stepping hard on the accelerator will seem like a crazy indulgence .
Lengthy road trips will be a more decadent joy , the equivalent to a case of wine or a shiny new watch or that other wildly expensive liquid that now runs about 10 bucks a gallon , known as " bottled water . "
San Francisco ?
We 're lucky .
We 're already a walking city , compact and navigable and even I can easily stroll from my flat in Alamo Square all the way downtown in about a half hour , with only three or four slightly nervous glances over my shoulder as I pass through the housing projects and only recoiling for about 10 solid minutes as I endure a particularly hellish , grungy five - block strip of the Market Street corridor .
Mmm , walking .
It 's refreshing and depressing .
But many places wo n't have it quite so good .
Vast tracts of urban sprawl from Atlanta to Los Angeles to Mexico City will likely suffer badly from such an abrupt shift .
Plenty of horrors loom .
Merciless oil companies will likely push harder to develop brutal , environmentally rapacious methods of extracting oil from alternative sources like tar sand and small puppies and oily teenagers , ruthless techniques that were formerly prohibitively expensive , but now more economically feasible .
Far from reversing or even slowing their environmental impact , they could simply amplify it a hundredfold in a ruthless drive to maintain gluttonous profits .
It will be wonderful , it will be terrible .
Like the models used to predict global warming , I 'm betting that the fiscal models some economists have been using to predict the global energy uproar are proving to be a bit inadequate , given how the economy is now one big interconnected interrelated interdependent organism and therefore when you strip one of the major gears , well , it 's anybody 's guess what happens next .
Personally , I think the predictions of global petroleum - related cataclysm are exaggerated and excessive .
But so are predictions that all will be fine and we will feel no pain because someone really smart will come along to solve it all for us , and the worst that will come of it is that we have to trade in our Lexuses and Town & Countries for solar - powered , emissions - free scooters made of hemp and old shoes and used silicone harvested from recycled porn stars .
We should be so lucky .
In a perverse way , I love this place , this place where all predictions fail , this place where no one knows exactly what the hell will happen .
Will an oil crunch force major nations of the world to work together in unprecedented , selfless ways for the betterment of all humanity ?
Or will it push insular , angry , fearful nations to kill each other over dwindling resources ( aka : " the Bush Method " ) ?
Or will it be a wacky , volatile mix of both ?
Let 's go for one last long , leisurely drive , and talk about it .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Call it the law of unintended consequences .
When you fix one thing , it messes up other things .
If the Democrats win the election this year , and are able to enact a health care plan that extends adequate coverage to all Americans , the loser could be the Army .
Getting enough people to enlist could become a major problem for the next president .
Senator John McCain , the presumptive Republican candidate , has already pointed out that Senator Barack Obama , the likely Democratic candidate , never served in the military .
It remains to be seen how potent that will be as an issue , given the fact that the last four presidential elections have been won by the candidate with the less impressive military resume .
But there is something else that distinguishes Mr. Obama from all recent candidates for the presidency .
He would be the first presidential nominee to come of age after the draft was abolished in the administration of Richard M. Nixon .
He never had to decide how to deal with the draft , and legally was under no more pressure to enlist than he was to go to medical school or become a bus driver .
Joining the military was a career option like any other .
And that has made it harder to put the Army together .
Government polls show that the proportion of young people who think they might enlist is roughly half what it was in the late 1980s .
The military has responded with more recruiters and higher cash enlistment bonuses , and has met its goals .
A significant factor for many recruits , it turns out , is the military ’s generous health benefits for dependants .
A 24 - year - old former library assistant at the fancy Riverdale Country School in the Bronx is suing the city and several police officers over a case of mistaken email identity that landed him in jail for 30 hours and left him publicly disgraced .
The trouble started last year after William Hallowell sent a resignation email to Robin Bernsen , the head librarian at the school .
She replied sympathetically , according to the Times , and Hallowell moved on with his life .
But when Bernsen tried to contact him again to request the return of a library key , she mistakenly emailed her request to someone who uses “ Ben ” Hallowell as an email address .
And the response she got from Ben – who posed as William – was rather unsettling :
I want your sweet body against my skin !
We could do it in the library .
I could spank you with a vintage [ copy ] of Finigan 's [ sic ]
Wake …
With the money I have received from pawning off the key I have bought myself a gun .
I have spent many hours in quite [ sic ] contemplation wondering if I am meant for this twisted world .
After Bernsen called the police , the school was briefly locked down out of fear for students ’ safety .
But the real Hallowell knew nothing of it until the cops came to arrest him .
He says the officers seemed completely ignorant of how email addresses work , and they charged him with harassment despite seeing his previous emails with Bernsen from his actual email account .
The charges were ultimately dropped last August for a “ lack of evidence , ” but his lawsuit accuses “ officers of deliberately and maliciously ignoring a mountain of evidence . ”
Speaking to the Times , his lawyer points out that “ this could happen to anybody if the police are going to have absolutely no competence when it comes to understanding email or the Internet . ”
It is still unknown who actually sent the offending email .
No site detected .
Make sure your code is pulled into this environment .
Imagine a four - legged beast with no knee joints that cannot lie down and has to sleep leaning against a tree .
An animal with a long , skinny trumpet for a nose .
A creature large enough that one can build entire castles on its back .
It lives for 300 years and is afraid of mice .
Its mortal enemy is the dragon .
It must “ travel to the East , near Paradise , where the mandrake grows ” when it comes time to mate .
Now draw this thing .
View Full Gallery →
“ I gave in English everything what you mean !
Guaranteed ”
Bring your favorite mexican ?
Hey , guys , looking for some ‘ sheep ’ fun ?
Well , as long as it is gentle …
“ If you had no idea what to get her for Valentine ’s Day … Imagine how overwhelming arranging her funeral would be . ”
Honey , I did n’t get you flowers , but I did arranged your funeral
“ 24 Hour Animal and Pest Control ” … including those annoying babies .
Rejuvenate your skin …
Wow – what a difference !
Is n’t that Keith Carradine ?
Look at the “ Before ” picture … funniest photoshopped stomach ever
“ Eat Kids Free ”
Special offer for kid eaters
Learn to play the harmonica… with your eyes ?
hanks to my dentist , I ’m wearing my favorite jeans again . ”
Sounds like the dentist is operating on the wrong end
Apparently , germans like their Easter Bunny with huge boobs
NOTE : What ’s even scarier , the text translates to : “ boob - bunny : funny cuddle - bunny with boobs and pubic hair [ sic ! ]
It ’s a hit for everyone !
gift - hint ! size : 10 inches . ” ( thanks Fabian ! )
“ We took a young woman with severe memory loss and helped her forget she ever had it . ”
Now that ’s an achievement
Instruments are not expensive as long as you keep your pants down .
Firefox 3's new Smart Location
Bar earns its unofficial title of " AwesomeBar " right out of the box .
The location bar suggests web site addresses as you type from your bookmarks and history , and learns as you surf , ranking pages you visit more often higher .
Still , there are n't a whole lot of ways to configure the " AwesomeBar " 's behavior in Firefox 's default options dialog — but there are a few new Firefox extensions that can do it for you .
Here are four Firefox 3 add - ons that adjust the smart location bar 's behavior in small but useful ways .
Advertisement
Edit Middle 2
By default the " AwesomeBar " suggests URLs based on what you type , but not if you go into a word and edit it in the middle .
( For example , if you type " lofe " instead of " life " when looking for Lifehacker , and go back and change that o to an i , the drop - down of suggestions does n't update . )
The Edit Middle 2 extension makes middle edits refresh the suggestion list .
[ via gHacks ]
Advertisement
OldBar
If you do n't like the new look of the location bar drop - down — which includes both web page titles and URLs — OldBar can revert it to the sparser , Firefox 2 look , which just includes URLs .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Hide Unvisited
Narrow down the " AwesomeBar " 's number of suggestions with the Hide Unvisited extension .
Hide Unvisited excludes pages you have not visited — that is , are n't in your history since the last time you deleted it or cleared it .
Advertisement
Enter Selects 2
( Experimental , requires Mozilla Add- ons site login to install . )
Skip having to hit the down arrow to select the " AwesomeBar " 's first URL suggestion with Enter Selects 2 , which maps the Enter key to the first result .
Warning :
If you 're a big Firefox keyword bookmarker , this will interfere with keyword searches .
Otherwise , if you 've trained the smart location bar 's suggestions to be always right on the first result , just hit Enter to get there with Enter Selects 2 .
Advertisement
Location Bar about : config Tweaks
For a couple of about : config tweaks for the location bar , check out the previously posted power user 's guide — there you 'll learn how to adjust the number of suggestions the " AwesomeBar " offers you , and also how to stop automatically selecting the current URL .
Advertisement
How awesome has the smart location bar in Firefox 3 been for you ?
You loving or hating it ?
Anything you wish it did or did n't do ?
Let us know what you think in the comments .
Over the holiday break , I stumbled upon this article from OSNews stating that there was a need for something like Paint.
NET for Gtk .
Having some experience with porting Paint.NET to Mono Winforms before , I knew that that was a massive task .
But it still got me curious about Cairo and creating a layered canvas , since I had never played with Cairo or Gtk .
After playing around for a few hours , I actually had a working paintbrush and canvas .
Intrigued by my success , I played around with it for a few more days .
By the end of the week I had a nifty little paint program with a few features .
Now , a month later , it 's time to open my little project up to the world : Pinta Pinta is a clone of Paint.
NET .
It already has a small , but hopefully useful , set of features like multiple layers and infinite levels of Undo / Redo .
I hope to implement the same feature set as Paint .
NET .
Currently there are several tools missing , as well as adjustments like brightness / contrast and levels and Paint.
NET …
Zimbabwe 's government had already banned one foreign aid group Zimbabwe 's government has indefinitely suspended all field work by aid groups and non-governmental organisations .
Social Welfare Minister Nicholas Goche accused several of " breaching the terms and conditions of their registration " , in a written notice sent to the groups .
Earlier , police detained a group of US and UK diplomats for several hours as they investigated political violence there , US ambassador James McGee said .
The US and UK demanded an explanation for the " unjust and outrageous " move .
Zimbabwean Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu accused Mr McGee and the UK High Commissioner of working with the opposition to incite the population and warned they risked being expelled .
He also insisted the police had every right to question the diplomats .
' Detrimental effect '
The suspension of all field operations by private voluntary organisations ( PVOs ) and NGOs comes nearly a week after President Robert Mugabe banned some aid agencies from Zimbabwe .
Care International , a UK - based organisation , was forbidden to work after being accused of campaigning for the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) ahead of the presidential run-off on 27 June .
Care has strenuously denied the accusation .
I hereby instruct all private voluntary organisations / NGOs to suspend all field operations until further notice
Nicholas Goche
Zimbabwean Social Welfare Minister
Diplomat convoy held in Zimbabwe Q&A : Zimbabwe elections
Other aid agencies have said they have had to curtail what they do , particularly in opposition strongholds .
Some aid workers believe the government fears they might witness intimidation of opposition supporters , the BBC's Caroline Hawley in Johannesburg , South Africa , reports .
" A number of NGOs involved in humanitarian operations are breaching the terms and conditions of their registration , " Mr Goche wrote .
" I hereby instruct all private voluntary organisations / NGOs to suspend all field operations until further notice . "
Deputy Information Minister Bright Matonga told the BBC that a number of aid organisations had been campaigning for the opposition and distributing food only to opposition supporters .
A spokesman for the Save the Children fund , Dominic Nutt , told the BBC the suspension of the work of NGOs would have a " significant and detrimental effect on the many people it was trying to help " .
Judith Melby of Christian Aid said aid agencies would be meeting in Harare and " discussing their next steps " .
Under Mr Mugabe 's policies of reclaiming land from white farmers and redistributing it among black supporters , Zimbabwe 's once - abundant food production has plummeted .
Almost half of the population suffer from malnutrition .
About 80 % of the country 's 12.3 m people are unemployed and many depend on food aid .
' Stop the fiction ' Earlier , MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai resumed campaigning for the presidential election , after being freed without charge .
The MDC says 65 of its supporters have been killed since the election
Death of a Zimbabwean activist Mr Tsvangirai was detained for eight hours after police accused him of violating public order laws by addressing a rally .
He described the move as harassment .
South Africa later said his release came after an appeal by President Thabo Mbeki , who telephoned the Zimbabwean government .
Our correspondent says the detention was part of an escalating campaign of state - sponsored violence ahead of the run-off vote between President Robert Mugabe and Mr Tsvangirai .
The MDC has said at least 65 of its supporters have been killed since the election 's first round in March , which Mr Tsvangirai won .
The US Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs , Jendayi Frazer , told the BBC that the " conditions in Zimbabwe are not yet present to have a free or fair election " .
" We have to step back and stop the fiction that somehow we are going to be prepared for a run-off , unless there is some sort of aggressive action taken not only by the South African government but also by Sadc ( Southern African Development Community ) as a whole , " she said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Essential English Learning for Japanese Girls [ NSFW ]
If your Japanese or have a Japanese friend who is dying to learn a little more English to help you out in those special situations , then we have the solution for you .
These short lessons will introduce a line of vocabulary every English speaking guy will appreciate .
All about the Head :
Getting into the Flow :
Patience is a virtue :
Felling Horny ?
Ahhh … Your Good
Now that you have completed the lessons above we hope you will take that extra step and try them out in real life conversation .
Nothing will help you really learn these English lessons like some real world application .
Guys … Your Welcome .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
The oil spill triggered one of the biggest environmental disasters ever The US Supreme Court has ruled by five to three to cut the $ 2.5 bn ( £ 1.25 bn ) in punitive damages awarded in the Exxon Valdez oil spill disaster to $ 500 m .
Exxon Mobil last October won the right to appeal against the damages bill relating to a 1989 Alaskan oil spill .
The court said the punitive damages should be limited to an amount equal to total relevant compensatory damages .
The case has run since 1994 as the US firm , which posted $ 40.6 bn earnings in 2007 , said the damages were excessive .
In what was one of the biggest oil spills to date , 11 million gallons of crude were released into Alaska 's wilderness after the Exxon tanker hit a reef .
About 1,300 miles ( 2,080 km ) of coastline was contaminated as a result of the oil spill .
" The Valdez oil spill was a tragic accident and one which the corporation deeply regrets , " said Exxon Mobil chairman and chief executive , Rex Tillerson .
" We know this has been a very difficult time for everyone involved .
We have worked hard over many years to address the impacts of the spill and to prevent such accidents from happening in our company again . "
Constitutional issues
The captain of the Valdez , Joseph Hazelwood , admitted drinking vodka before boarding the vessel , but was subsequently acquitted of operating a ship while intoxicated .
Exxon argued that it cannot be held responsible for the actions of Mr Hazelwood and says that the $ 2.5 bn penalty is excessive under marine law and when compared with other federal rulings on punitive damages .
Exxon , the world 's biggest listed oil firm , added that it had already paid $ 3.4bn in clean - up costs and other fines related to the oil disaster and damage to the natural environment .
The damages were shared between 32,000 fishermen , natives , land owners , small businessmen and municipalities in south central Alaska .
Mr Tillerson said " the clean - up was declared complete by the State of Alaska and the United States Coast Guard in 1992 " .
Back in 1994 , a jury in Alaska ordered US giant Exxon to pay $ 5bn in damages , but the firm successfully appealed against the size of the award .
After a number of court cases over the intervening years , this figure was cut by federal judges until a US appeals court set the amount at $ 2.5 bn . .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Want to hear about the next calendar ?
Email me when a new calendar arrives
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I can't believe I popped the whole thing !
This is a totally fun product .
Who does n't love Bubble Wrap ?
It actually hard not to pop them all .
I keep it at the office so I get to pop 3 on monday !
peter t- on Sep 23 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
So cool !
Excited to pop it everyday
So cool !
Excited to pop it everyday .
I did have a problem with it ripping off the wall .
To solve the problem I stock a piece of ducktape on the backside of the calendar where I wanted to place the tack and I have never had a problem again .
Nathan Hansen on Jul 26 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ POP !
POP !
After getting my calendar for Christmas last year , I stuck it to the wall in my den and patiently waited for the new year to arrive so I could POP my first , bubble .
I refer to it as my " Bubblix Calendar , " because I can't help but believe that the packaging material that my family so loved to get , ( just so they could sit around on Christmas Day POPPING the bubbles ) was the inspiration for this calendar .
If the creator of the Bubble Calendar denies this , I wo n't believe him / her !
I only hope that my 2017 calendar arrives in time to start my POPPING on New Years Day !!!
After becomng disabled due to M.S. , my daily POP of the calendar has become one of my few remaining pleasures !
I do n't mean to sound droll in this review , but I REALLY DO enjoy marking each new day of Life this way !!!
John Dobrzanski on Dec 21 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ☆
If you love popping bubbles
This product is awesome !
Gina on Jul 17 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Five Stars Amazing !
This is my second year having a bubble calendar !
Best way to start the day !
Samantha Hughes on Jun 23 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Five Stars
Bought this for my 12 - year - old cousin and she absolutely loves it .
sacmcdonald on Apr 28 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ☆
Kind of a waste but cute gift !
Cute gift for hard - to - buy for teenage nephews and nieces !
A Customer on Apr 28 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
So fun - really great So fun really great .
I took the bubble wrap off to use as a deployment countdown calendar and really like it .
Carolyn S on Apr 11 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ☆ Four Stars Made for a great nobody got you THIS Christmas stocking stuffer for my sister !
James L. on Mar 11 , 2016
★ ★ ★ ★ ☆ not the tiny ones that are fun to pop
The calendar is larger than I excepted .
I had to put it on the back of a door ; otherwise it would take up way to much wall space .
I also had to use clear packing tap across the top and bottom to hang it because the poster board kept wanting to curl back up .
It 's basically a long piece of poster board with packing bubbles glued to it .
They 're the large bubbles not the tiny ones that are fun to pop .
The dot stickers are transparent which is nice because it allows you to see the number underneath Elisabeth on Jan 28 , 2016
The Brain
The human brain is the most complex and least understood part of the human anatomy .
There may be a lot we do n’t know , but here are a few interesting facts that we ’ve got covered .
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles per hour .
Ever wonder how you can react so fast to things around you or why that stubbed toe hurts right away ?
It ’s due to the super - speedy movement of nerve impulses from your brain to the rest of your body and vice versa , bringing reactions at the speed of a high powered luxury sports car .
The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10 - watt light bulb .
The cartoon image of a light bulb over your head when a great thought occurs is n’t too far off the mark .
Your brain generates as much energy as a small light bulb even when you ’re sleeping .
The human brain cell can hold 5 times as much information as the Encyclopedia Britannica .
Or any other encyclopedia for that matter .
Scientists have yet to settle on a definitive amount , but the storage capacity of the brain in electronic terms is thought to be between 3 or even 1,000 terabytes .
The National Archives of Britain , containing over 900 years of history , only takes up 70 terabytes , making your brain ’s memory power pretty darn impressive .
Your brain uses 20 % of the oxygen that enters your bloodstream .
The brain only makes up about 2 % of our body mass , yet consumes more oxygen than any other organ in the body , making it extremely susceptible to damage related to oxygen deprivation .
So breathe deep to keep your brain happy and swimming in oxygenated cells .
The brain is much more active at night than during the day .
Logically , you would think that all the moving around , complicated calculations and tasks and general interaction we do on a daily basis during our working hours would take a lot more brain power than , say , lying in bed .
Turns out , the opposite is true .
When you turn off your brain turns on .
Scientists do n’t yet know why this is but you can thank the hard work of your brain while you sleep for all those pleasant dreams .
Scientists say the higher your I.Q. the more you dream .
While this may be true , do n’t take it as a sign you ’re mentally lacking if you ca n’t recall your dreams .
Most of us do n’t remember many of our dreams and the average length of most dreams is only 2 - 3 seconds–barely long enough to register .
Neurons continue to grow throughout human life .
For years scientists and doctors thought that brain and neural tissue could n’t grow or regenerate .
While it does n’t act in the same manner as tissues in many other parts of the body , neurons can and do grow throughout your life , adding a whole new dimension to the study of the brain and the illnesses that affect it .
Information travels at different speeds within different types of neurons .
Not all neurons are the same .
There are a few different types within the body and transmission along these different kinds can be as slow as 0.5 meters / sec or as fast as 120 meters / sec .
The brain itself cannot feel pain .
While the brain might be the pain center when you cut your finger or burn yourself , the brain itself does not have pain receptors and cannot feel pain .
That does n’t mean your head ca n’t hurt .
The brain is surrounded by loads of tissues , nerves and blood vessels that are plenty receptive to pain and can give you a pounding headache .
80 % of the brain is water .
Your brain is n’t the firm , gray mass you ’ve seen on TV .
Living brain tissue is a squishy , pink and jelly - like organ thanks to the loads of blood and high water content of the tissue .
So the next time you ’re feeling dehydrated get a drink to keep your brain hydrated .
Hair and Nails
While they ’re not a living part of your body , most people spend a good amount of time caring for their hair and nails .
The next time you ’re heading in for a haircut or manicure , think of these facts .
Facial hair grows faster than any other hair on the body .
If you ’ve ever had a covering of stubble on your face as you ’re clocking out at 5 o’clock you ’re probably pretty familiar with this .
In fact , if the average man never shaved his beard it would grow to over 30 feet during his lifetime , longer than a killer whale .
Every day the average person loses 60 - 100 strands of hair .
Unless you ’re already bald , chances are good that you ’re shedding pretty heavily on a daily basis .
Your hair loss will vary in accordance with the season , pregnancy , illness , diet and age .
Women ’s hair is about half the diameter of men ’s hair .
While it might sound strange , it should n’t come as too much of a surprise that men’s hair should be coarser than that of women .
Hair diameter also varies on average between races , making hair plugs on some men look especially obvious .
One human hair can support 3.5 ounces .
That ’s about the weight of two full size candy bars , and with hundreds of thousands of hairs on the human head , makes the tale of Rapunzel much more plausible .
The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger .
And the nail on the middle finger of your dominant hand will grow the fastest of all .
Why is not entirely known , but nail growth is related to the length of the finger , with the longest fingers growing nails the fastest and shortest the slowest .
There are as many hairs per square inch on your body as a chimpanzee .
Humans are not quite the naked apes that we ’re made out to be .
We have lots of hair , but on most of us it ’s not obvious as a majority of the hairs are too fine or light to be seen .
Blondes have more hair .
They ’re said to have more fun , and they definitely have more hair .
Hair color determines how dense the hair on your head is .
The average human has 100,000 hair follicles , each of which is capable of producing 20 individual hairs during a person ’s lifetime .
Blondes average 146,000 follicles while people with black hair tend to have about 110,000 follicles .
Those with brown hair fit the average with 100,000 follicles and redheads have the least dense hair , with about 86,000 follicles .
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails .
If you notice that you ’re trimming your fingernails much more frequently than your toenails you ’re not just imagining it .
The nails that get the most exposure and are used most frequently grow the fastest .
On average , nails on both the toes and fingers grow about one - tenth of an inch each month .
The lifespan of a human hair is 3 to 7 years on average .
While you quite a few hairs each day , your hairs actually have a pretty long life providing they are n’t subject to any trauma .
Your hairs will likely get to see several different haircuts , styles , and even possibly decades before they fall out on their own .
You must lose over 50 % of your scalp hairs before it is apparent to anyone .
You lose hundreds of hairs a day but you ’ll have to lose a lot more before you or anyone else will notice .
Half of the hairs on your pretty little head will have to disappear before your impending baldness will become obvious to all those around you .
Human hair is virtually indestructible .
Aside from it ’s flammability , human hair decays at such a slow rate that it is practically non-disintegrative .
If you ’ve ever wondered how your how clogs up your pipes so quick consider this : hair can not be destroyed by cold , change of climate , water , or other natural forces and it is resistant to many kinds of acids and corrosive chemicals .
Internal Organs
Though we may not give them much thought unless they ’re bothering us , our internal organs are what allow us to go on eating , breathing and walking around .
Here are some things to consider the next time you hear your stomach growl .
The largest internal organ is the small intestine .
Despite being called the smaller of the two intestines , your small intestine is actually four times as long as the average adult is tall .
If it were n’t looped back and forth upon itself it would n’t fit inside the abdominal cavity .
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet .
No wonder you can feel your heartbeat so easily .
Pumping blood through your body quickly and efficiently takes quite a bit of pressure resulting in the strong contractions of the heart and the thick walls of the ventricles which push blood to the body .
The acid in your stomach is strong enough to dissolve razorblades .
While you certainly should n’t test the fortitude of your stomach by eating a razorblade or any other metal object for that matter , the acids that digest the food you eat are n’t to be taken lightly .
Hydrochloric acid , the type found in your stomach , is not only good at dissolving the pizza you had for dinner but can also eat through many types of metal .
The human body is estimated to have 60,000 miles of blood vessels .
To put that in perspective , the distance around the earth is about 25,000 miles , making the distance your blood vessels could travel if laid end to end more than two times around the earth .
You get a new stomach lining every three to four days .
The mucus - like cells lining the walls of the stomach would soon dissolve due to the strong digestive acids in your stomach if they were n’t constantly replaced .
Those with ulcers know how painful it can be when stomach acid takes its toll on the lining of your stomach .
The surface area of a human lung is equal to a tennis court .
In order to more efficiently oxygenate the blood , the lungs are filled with thousands of branching bronchi and tiny , grape - like alveoli .
These are filled with microscopic capillaries which oxygen and carbon dioxide .
The large amount of surface area makes it easier for this exchange to take place , and makes sure you stay properly oxygenated at all times .
Women ’s hearts beat faster than men’s .
The main reason for this is simply that on average women tend to be smaller than men and have less mass to pump blood to .
But women ’s and men ’s hearts can actually act quite differently , especially when experiencing trauma like a heart attack , and many treatments that work for men must be adjusted or changed entirely to work for women .
Scientists have counted over 500 different liver functions .
You may not think much about your liver except after a long night of drinking , but the liver is one of the body ’s hardest working , largest and busiest organs .
Some of the functions your liver performs are : production of bile , decomposition of red blood cells , plasma protein synthesis , and detoxification .
The aorta is nearly the diameter of a garden hose .
The average adult heart is about the size of two fists , making the size of the aorta quite impressive .
The artery needs to be so large as it is the main supplier of rich , oxygenated blood to the rest of the body .
Your left lung is smaller than your right lung to make room for your heart .
For most people , if they were asked to draw a picture of what the lungs look like they would draw both looking roughly the same size .
While the lungs are fairly similar in size , the human heart , though located fairly centrally , is tilted slightly to the left making it take up more room on that side of the body and crowding out that poor left lung .
You could remove a large part of your internal organs and survive .
The human body may appear fragile but it ’s possible to survive even with the removal of the stomach , the spleen , 75 percent of the liver , 80 percent of the intestines , one kidney , one lung , and virtually every organ from the pelvic and groin area .
You might not feel too great , but the missing organs would n’t kill you .
The adrenal glands change size throughout life .
The adrenal glands , lying right above the kidneys , are responsible for releasing stress hormones like cortisol and adrenaline .
In the seventh month of a fetus ’ development , the glands are roughly the same size as the kidneys .
At birth , the glands have shrunk slightly and will continue to do so throughout life .
In fact , by the time a person reaches old age , the glands are so small they can hardly be seen .
Bodily Functions
We may not always like to talk about them , but everyone has to deal with bodily functions on a daily basis .
These are a few facts about the involuntary and sometimes unpleasant actions of our bodies .
Sneezes regularly exceed 100 mph .
There ’s a good reason why you ca n’t keep your eyes open when you sneeze –that sneeze is rocketing out of your body at close to 100 mph .
This is , of course , a good reason to cover your mouth when you sneeze .
Coughs clock in at about 60 mph .
Viruses and colds get spread around the office and the classroom quickly during cold and flu season .
With 60 mph coughs spraying germs far and wide , it ’s no wonder .
Women blink twice as many times as men do .
That ’s a lot of blinking every day .
The average person , man or woman , blinks about 13 times a minute .
A full bladder is roughly the size of a soft ball .
No wonder you have to run to bathroom when you feel the call of the wild .
The average bladder holds about 400 - 800 cc of fluid but most people will feel the urge to go long before that at 250 to 300 cc. Approximately 75 % of human waste is made of water .
While we might typically think that urine is the liquid part of human waste products , the truth is that what we consider solid waste is actually mostly water as well .
You should be thankful that most waste is fairly water - filled , as drier harder stools are what cause constipation and are much harder and sometimes painful to pass .
Feet have 500,000 sweat glands and can produce more than a pint of sweat a day .
With that kind of sweat - producing power it ’s no wonder that your gym shoes have a stench that can peel paint .
Additionally , men usually have much more active sweat glands than women .
During your lifetime , you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools .
Saliva plays an important part in beginning the digestive process and keeping the mouth lubricated , and your mouth produces quite a bit of it on a daily basis .
The average person expels flatulence 14 times each day .
Even if you ’d like to think you ’re too dignified to pass gas , the reality is that almost everyone will at least a few times a day .
Digestion causes the body to release gases which can be painful if trapped in the abdomen and not released .
Earwax production is necessary for good ear health .
While many people find earwax to be disgusting , it ’s actually a very important part of your ear ’s defense system .
It protects the delicate inner ear from bacteria , fungus , dirt and even insects .
It also cleans and lubricates the ear canal .
Sex and Reproduction
As taboo as it may be in some places , sex is an important part of human life as a facet of relationships and the means to reproduce .
Here are a few things you might not have known .
On any given day , sexual intercourse takes place 120 million times on earth .
Humans are a quickly proliferating species , and with about 4 % of the world ’s population having sex on any given day , it ’s no wonder that birth rates continue to increase in many places all over the world .
The largest cell in the human body is the female egg and the smallest is the male sperm .
While you ca n’t see skin cells or muscle cells , the ovum is typically large enough to be seen with the naked eye with a diameter of about a millimeter .
The sperm cell , on the other hand , is tiny , consisting of little more than nucleus .
The three things pregnant women dream most of during their first trimester are frogs , worms and potted plants .
Pregnancy hormones can cause mood swings , cravings and many other unexpected changes .
Oddly enough , hormones can often affect the types of dreams women have and their vividness .
The most common are these three types , but many women also dream of water , giving birth or even have violent or sexually charged dreams .
Your teeth start growing 6 months before you are born .
While few babies are born with teeth in place , the teeth that will eventually push through the gums of young children are formed long before the child even leaves the womb .
At 9 to 12 weeks the fetus starts to form the teeth buds that will turn into baby teeth .
Babies are always born with blue eyes .
The color of your eyes depends on the genes you get from your parents , but at birth most babies appear to have blue eyes .
The reason behind this is the pigment melanin .
The melanin in a newborn ’s eyes often needs time after birth to be fully deposited or to be darkened by exposure to ultraviolet light , later revealing the baby ’s true eye color .
Babies are , pound for pound , stronger than an ox .
While a baby certainly could n’t pull a covered wagon at its present size , if the child were the size of an oxen it just might very well be able to .
Babies have especially strong and powerful legs for such tiny creatures , so watch out for those kicks .
One out of every 2,000 newborn infants has a tooth when they are born .
Nursing mothers may cringe at this fact .
Sometimes the tooth is a regular baby tooth that has already erupted and sometimes it is an extra tooth that will fall out before the other set of choppers comes in .
A fetus acquires fingerprints at the age of three months .
When only a small fraction of the way through its development , a fetus will have already developed one of the most unique human traits : fingerprints .
At only 6 - 13 weeks of development , the whorls of what will be fingerprints have already developed .
Oddly enough , those fingerprints will not change throughout the person ’s life and will be one of the last things to disappear after death .
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell .
All life has to begin somewhere , and even the largest humans spent a short part of their lives as a single celled organism when sperm and egg cells first combine .
Shortly afterward , the cells begin rapidly dividing and begin forming the components of a tiny embryo .
Most men have erections every hour to hour and a half during sleep .
Most people ’s bodies and minds are much more active when they ’re sleeping than they think .
The combination of blood circulation and testosterone production can cause erections during sleep and they ’re often a normal and necessary part of REM sleep .
Senses
The primary means by which we interact with the world around us is through our senses .
Here are some interesting facts about these five sensory abilities .
After eating too much , your hearing is less sharp .
If you ’re heading to a concert or a musical after a big meal you may be doing yourself a disservice .
Try eating a smaller meal if you need to keep your hearing pitch perfect .
About one third of the human race has 20 - 20 vision .
Glasses and contact wearers are hardly alone in a world where two thirds of the population have less than perfect vision .
The amount of people with perfect vision decreases further as they age .
If saliva cannot dissolve something , you cannot taste it .
In order for foods , or anything else , to have a taste , chemicals from the substance must be dissolved by saliva .
If you do n’t believe it , try drying off your tongue before tasting something .
Women are born better smellers than men and remain better smellers over life .
Studies have shown that women are more able to correctly pinpoint just what a smell is .
Women were better able to identify citrus , vanilla , cinnamon and coffee smells .
While women are overall better smellers , there is an unfortunate 2 % of the population with no sense of smell at all .
Your nose can remember 50,000 different scents .
While a bloodhound ’s nose may be a million times more sensitive than a human ’s , that does n’t mean that the human sense of smell is useless .
Humans can identify a wide variety of scents and many are strongly tied to memories .
Even small noises cause the pupils of the eyes to dilate .
It is believed that this is why surgeons , watchmakers and others who perform delicate manual operations are so bothered by uninvited noise .
The sound causes their pupils to change focus and blur their vision , making it harder to do their job well .
Everyone has a unique smell , except for identical twins .
Newborns are able to recognize the smell of their mothers and many of us can pinpoint the smell of our significant others and those we are close to .
Part of that smell is determined by genetics , but it ’s also largely do to environment , diet and personal hygiene products that create a unique chemistry for each person .
Aging and Death
From the very young to the very old , aging is a necessary and unavoidable part of life .
Learn about the process with these interesting , if somewhat strange facts .
The ashes of a cremated person average about 9 pounds .
A big part of what gives the human body weight is the water trapped in our cells .
Once cremated , that water and a majority of our tissues are destroyed , leaving little behind .
Nails and hair do not continue to grow after we die .
They do appear longer when we die , however , as the skin dehydrates and pulls back from the nail beds and scalp .
By the age of 60 , most people will have lost about half their taste buds .
Perhaps you should n’t trust your grandma ’s cooking as much as you do .
Older individuals tend to lose their ability to taste , and many find that they need much more intense flavoring in order to be able to fully appreciate a dish .
Your eyes are always the same size from birth but your nose and ears never stop growing .
When babies look up at you with those big eyes , they ’re the same size that they ’ll be carrying around in their bodies for the rest of their lives .
Their ears and nose , however , will grow throughout their lives and research has shown that growth peaks in seven year cycles .
By 60 years of age , 60 - percent of men and 40 - percent of women will snore .
If you ’ve ever been kept awake by a snoring loved one you know the sound can be deafening .
Normal snores average around 60 decibels , the noise level of normal speech , intense snores can reach more than 80 decibels , the approximate level caused by a jackhammer breaking up concrete .
A baby ’s head is one - quarter of it ’s total length , but by age 25 will only be one - eighth of its total length .
As it turns out , our adorably oversized baby heads wo n’t change size as drastically as the rest of our body .
The legs and torso will lengthen , but the head wo n’t get much longer .
Disease and Injury
Most of us will get injured or sick at some point in our lives .
Here are some facts on how the human body reacts to the stresses and dangers from the outside world .
Monday is the day of the week when the risk of heart attack is greatest .
Yet another reason to loathe Mondays !
A ten year study in Scotland found that 20 % more people die of heart attacks on Mondays than any other day of the week .
Researchers theorize that it ’s a combination of too much fun over the weekend with the stress of going back to work that causes the increase .
Humans can make do longer without food than sleep .
While you might feel better prepared to stay up all night partying than to give up eating , that feeling will be relatively short lived .
Provided there is water , the average human could survive a month to two months without food depending on their body fat and other factors .
Sleep deprived people , however , start experiencing radical personality and psychological changes after only a few sleepless days .
The longest recorded time anyone has ever gone without sleep is 11 days , at the end of which the experimenter was awake , but stumbled over words , hallucinated and frequently forgot what he was doing .
A simple , moderately severe sunburn damages the blood vessels extensively .
How extensively ?
Studies have shown that it can take four to fifteen months for them to return to their normal condition .
Consider that the next time you ’re feeling too lazy to apply sunscreen before heading outside .
Over 90 % of diseases are caused or complicated by stress .
That high stress job you have could be doing more than just wearing you down each day .
It could also be increasing your chances of having a variety of serious medical conditions like depression , high blood pressure and heart disease .
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after it is been decapitated .
While it might be gross to think about , the blood in the head may be enough to keep someone alive and conscious for a few seconds after the head has been separated from the body , though reports as to the accuracy of this are widely varying .
Muscles and Bones
Muscles and Bones provide the framework for our bodies and allow us to jump , run or just lie on the couch .
Here are a few facts to ponder the next time you ’re lying around .
It takes 17 muscles to smile and 43 to frown .
Unless you ’re trying to give your face a bit of a workout , smiling is a much easier option for most of us .
Anyone who ’s ever scowled , squinted or frowned for a long period of time knows how it tires out the face which does n’t do a thing to improve your mood .
Babies are born with 300 bones , but by adulthood the number is reduced to 206 .
The reason for this is that many of the bones of children are composed of smaller component bones that are not yet fused like those in the skull .
This makes it easier for the baby to pass through the birth canal .
The bones harden and fuse as the children grow .
We are about 1 cm taller in the morning than in the evening .
The cartilage between our bones gets compressed by standing , sitting and other daily activities as the day goes on , making us just a little shorter at the end of the day than at the beginning .
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue .
While you may not be able to bench press much with your tongue , it is in fact the strongest muscle in your body in proportion to its size .
If you think about it , every time you eat , swallow or talk you use your tongue , ensuring it gets quite a workout throughout the day .
The hardest bone in the human body is the jawbone .
The next time someone suggests you take it on the chin , you might be well advised to take their advice as the jawbone is one of the most durable and hard to break bones in the body .
You use 200 muscles to take one step .
Depending on how you divide up muscle groups , just to take a single step you use somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 muscles .
That ’s a lot of work for the muscles considering most of us take about 10,000 steps a day .
The tooth is the only part of the human body that ca n’t repair itself .
If you ’ve ever chipped a tooth you know just how sadly true this one is .
The outer layer of the tooth is enamel which is not a living tissue .
Since it ’s not alive , it ca n’t repair itself , leaving your dentist to do the work instead .
It takes twice as long to lose new muscle if you stop working out than it did to gain it .
Lazy people out there should n’t use this as motivation to not work out , however .
It ’s relatively easy to build new muscle tissue and get your muscles in shape , so if anything , this fact should be motivation to get off the couch and get moving .
Bone is stronger than some steel .
This does n’t mean your bones can’t break of course , as they are much less dense than steel .
Bone has been found to have a tensile strength of 20,000 psi while steel is much higher at 70,000 psi .
Steel is much heavier than bone , however , and pound for pound bone is the stronger material .
The feet account for one quarter of all the human body ’s bones .
You may not give your feet much thought but they are home to more bones than any other part of your body .
How many ?
Of the two hundred or so bones in the body , the feet contain a whopping 52 of them .
Microscopic Level
Much of what takes place in our bodies happens at a level that we simply can’t see with the naked eye .
These facts will show you that sometimes that might be for the best .
About 32 million bacteria call every inch of your skin home .
Germaphobes do n’t need to worry however , as a majority of these are entirely harmless and some are even helpful in maintaining a healthy body .
Humans shed and regrow outer skin cells about every 27 days .
Skin protects your delicate internal organs from the elements and as such , dries and flakes off completely about once a month so that it can maintain its strength .
Chances are that last month ’s skin is still hanging around your house in the form of the dust on your bookshelf or under the couch .
Three hundred million cells die in the human body every minute .
While that sounds like a lot , it ’s really just a small fraction of the cells that are in the human body .
Estimates have placed the total number of cells in the body at 10 - 50 trillion so you can afford to lose a few hundred million without a hitch .
Humans shed about 600,000 particles of skin every hour .
You may not think much about losing skin if yours is n’t dry or flaky or peeling from a sunburn , but your skin is constantly renewing itself and shedding dead cells .
Every day an adult body produces 300 billion new cells .
Your body not only needs energy to keep your organs up and running but also to constantly repair and build new cells to form the building blocks of your body itself .
Every tongue print is unique .
If you ’re planning on committing a crime , do n’t think you ’ll get away with leaving a tongue print behind .
Each tongue is different and yours could be unique enough to finger you as the culprit .
Your body has enough iron in it to make a nail 3 inches long .
Anyone who has ever tasted blood knows that it has a slightly metallic taste .
This is due to the high levels of iron in the blood .
If you were to take all of this iron out of the body , you ’d have enough to make a small nail and very severe anemia .
The most common blood type in the world is Type O. Blood banks find it valuable as it can be given to those with both type A and B blood .
The rarest blood type , A - H or Bombay blood due to the location of its discovery , has been found in less than hundred people since it was discovered .
Human lips have a reddish color because of the great concentration of tiny capillaries just below the skin .
The blood in these capillaries is normally highly oxygenated and therefore quite red .
This explains why the lips appear pale when a person is anemic or has lost a great deal of blood .
It also explains why the lips turn blue in very cold weather .
Cold causes the capillaries to constrict , and the blood loses oxygen and changes to a darker color .
Miscellaneous
Here are a few things you might not have known about all different parts of your anatomy .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Moody 's Investors Service said late Thursday it cut the Aaa ratings of bond insurers Ambac Inc. ABK , and MBIA Inc. MBI , - 4.41 % .
Moody 's downgraded Ambac 's insurance financial strength rating to Aa3 , and MBIA 's insurance financial strength rating to A2 .
Galileo Ready for Launch Europe to Begin Construction of Satellite Navigation System
With EU approval for a new bidding process , Europe 's much - touted -- and much delayed -- Galileo , a Brussels - controlled competitor to the US 's GPS system , looks set for orbit .
One satellite is being launched this weekend and the system is expected to go online by 2013 .
IF AMERICA at last gets a president who is committed to cutting carbon emissions , then two big Asian countries , China and India , will be seen by many as the source of the world 's biggest climate - change problems .
Russia 's economy is more profligate with energy , but China is widely believed to be the world 's biggest emitter of carbon dioxide , and India is rapidly moving up .
Gradually China , in particular , is making a show of action to tackle the problem , not least by admitting the scale of emissions it produces and by seeking ways to consume energy more efficiently .
India 's reaction , so far , has been more lacklustre .
See full article .
AFP
Thousands of Nepalis cheered the declaration of the republic The Himalayan nation of Nepal has become the world 's newest republic , ending 240 years of monarchy .
A constituent assembly meeting in the capital , Kathmandu , overwhelmingly voted to abolish royal rule .
The Maoists , the largest party after laying down arms and standing in last month 's elections , were committed to ousting King Gyanendra .
People celebrated wildly in the streets of the capital after news of the assembly vote .
The approved proposal states that Nepal is " an independent , indivisible , sovereign , secular and an inclusive democratic republic nation " .
Only four members of the 601 - seat assembly opposed the change .
This is the most important day of my life
Rajesh Subedil ,
student in Kathmandu
Head to head : Nepal 's monarchy
In pictures : End to royal rule Royal privileges " will automatically come to an end " , the declaration says .
It also states that the king 's main palace must be vacated within a fortnight , to be transformed into a museum .
" I am overjoyed , " student Rajesh Subedi , 21 , told AFP news agency as Kathmandu celebrated .
" This is the most important day of my life . "
The BBC's Charles Haviland in Kathmandu says it is not clear how soon King Gyanendra will leave .
The Maoists and other politicians are being conciliatory about the monarch now being ousted and say he should live on in Nepal as a private citizen .
Attacks
In the run-up to the vote , suspected royalists threw three small bombs in the capital .
One exploded at an open - air theatre in Kathmandu on Wednesday evening , injuring one person .
Another went off outside the assembly venue but no - one was hurt .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement On Tuesday , another two explosive devices were left in a park , but police said only one exploded , slightly injuring two people .
Some militant pro-Hindu and pro-royal factions are campaigning violently against Nepal 's shedding of its royal - and its officially Hindu - status .
The assembly was given the initial task of rubber - stamping the abolition of the monarchy .
But the vote was delayed by 12 hours , while the Maoists and the other main parties settled differences about distribution of power between the president and the prime minister in an interim period .
The government of the new Nepalese republic is expected to be led by the Maoists , who only entered politics in 2006 after signing a peace agreement that ended a decade - long insurgency .
The assembly has two years to come up with permanent arrangements for a new constitution .
The monarchy 's fall from grace has come swiftly and was heralded by the 2001 massacre in which the then - Crown Prince Dipendra killed his family and several other royals , our correspondent says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The EU is close to finalising an agreement with the US that would allow the FBI to see the internet browsing habits and credit card histories of UK citizens .
However , the prospect of an agreement between Brussels and Washington that will lower barriers to swapping previously private data , including travel history and spending patterns , will alarm civil rights advocates .
Talks about the transfer of highly personal information held by the UK government and leading companies to American security agencies began following the September 2001 terrorist attacks .
US counter - terrorism officials argued that increased information on the movements and habits of European residents would help prevent a repeat attack .
Details of a joint report by US and EU negotiators indicate that progress on the agreement is advanced , following years of opposition from European states with stricter privacy laws .
One final hurdle still to be cleared is whether British and European citizens can sue the US government over its handling of their personal data .
Another area of concern relates to what ' appropiate safeguards ' have been agreed to prevent the US authorities from requesting further information such as the religion , political opinion and ' sexual life ' of a British resident .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp approved on Tuesday a proposal to help U.S. bank examiners better determine the amount of deposits at a large bank in the event of a failure .
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair has repeatedly said the failure of a big U.S. bank is remote .
But more financial institutions , trying to deal with big exposures to soured mortgage lending , are expected to become insolvent this year .
The new rules would require the largest banks to modify their deposit systems so the FDIC could quickly calculate how much it would need to pay out on deposits in insurance coverage if one failed .
That would include requiring banks to determine the order of qualified depositors .
The rules would apply to banks with at least $ 2 billion in domestic deposits and either at least 250,000 deposit accounts or total assets of more than $ 20 billion .
About 160 banks would be covered by the rules .
“ That is really a critical authority that we need to deal with , with the eventuality of a large bank failure , ” FDIC Vice Chairman Martin Gruenberg said at an open meeting .
The FDIC has about 90 banks on its list of “ troubled ” institutions , but Bair recently told U.S. senators that future failures may include “ institutions of greater size ” than in the recent past .
The FDIC , which had about $ 53 billion at the end of March in the federal deposit insurance fund for use in the event of a bank failure , insures up to $ 100,000 per deposit and up to $ 250,000 per retirement account at insured banks .
The rules have been in the works for more than two years .
They are aimed at instilling confidence in the banking industry by paying as soon as possible insured deposits and stemming any spillovers to other institutions .
They also seek to clarify how some deposits swept into a different investment product would be treated .
The possibility of commercial bank failures has been a big topic among regulators and lawmakers in Washington , who are carefully watching how the banking industry is being impacted by the housing and credit problems .
In mid-May Bair also proposed creating a federal mechanism to close down an investment bank if another such institution spirals down toward insolvency by possibly applying some of the existing regulatory framework for commercial banks .
Bair is expected to further discuss the regulation of investment banks in a speech on Wednesday before the Exchequer Club , a group of financial professionals , in Washington .
Some banking trade associations have complained the cost of implementing the rules would outweigh the benefits because of the perception of an extremely low likelihood of a big bank failure .
The FDIC cited a comment from an unnamed bank regulatory agency that highlighted the importance of advanced preparation in case a big bank fails .
The regulatory agency said , “ Several very large financial institutions moved from reasonably strong financial positions to what observers characterized as near failure in short periods of time , ” according to a copy of the FDIC rules .
After 11 years of stealthy privatisation in the health service , it is little surprise that doctors are up in arms over polyclinics - themselves a cover for commercialisation .
The NHS , for so long an international model for a universal , public - owned and public - controlled service , is now the world 's laboratory for privatisation .
Labour 's 1997 manifesto promised : " Our fundamental purpose is simple but hugely important : to restore the NHS as a public service working cooperatively for patients , not a commercial business driven by competition . "
But from the outset , New Labour had four targets in its sights : ending public ownership and control of the NHS ; developing a large for - profit private sector using Treasury and NHS funds ; creating a flexible workforce for that sector ; and changing the public 's resistance to markets in healthcare .
Today 90 NHS foundation hospitals operate outside direct government control in an increasingly commercial environment .
At the same time , the government has continued to divert NHS funds to the private sector .
Since 1997 , its private finance initiative programme has been used to sell and liquidate hundreds of NHS hospitals and clinics .
But the 76 planned and 33 operational PFI hospital schemes are not under public control - they are leased back from the private sector under 30 - year to 60 - year commercial contracts .
The high costs to the NHS of servicing the annual PFI debt charges and absence of proof of value for money are well documented .
However , until recently the true scale of the profits has been hidden from view with " commercial confidentiality " exemptions being invoked in response to freedom of information requests .
The recent release of the Royal Infirmary Edinburgh and Hairmyres hospital contracts in Scotland and their analysis by Jim and Margaret Cuthbert show shareholders will reap dividends of £ 168 m on an equity stake of £ 500,000 for the infirmary , and £ 89 m on an equity stake of £ 100 for Hairmyres hospital - rich rewards for so little risk .
The estimated fees , additional interest charges and shareholder dividends amount to more than three times the cost under public procurement .
In other words , the taxpayer gets one PFI hospital for what three public hospitals would have cost .
Meanwhile , PFI - and deficit - driven hospital closures , including the loss of more than 13 % of NHS beds in England since 1997 , have seen waiting lists soar .
The Department of Health has turned NHS shortage to advantage , advocating further commercialisation to bring in additional capacity , and pouring £ 5 bn into the controversial independent sector treatment centre programme .
Its corporate owners have yet to provide the DoH with any meaningful data on beds , staffing , performance , quality of care or value for money .
But the absence of data has n't stopped the CBI publishing spurious claims about quality of care , productivity , length of stay and value for money .
Nor has it stopped the government using public money to extend new contracts to the commercial sector .
The commercialisation of services leads to the blurring of boundaries about the funding and responsibilities of care ; once NHS services have moved into the commercial sector there will be no limits on what the private sector can charge for : boutique care for those who can pay , and small - print restrictions for those who cannot .
The debate has already begun with proposals to introduce co-payments or top - up charges for those who can afford to pay for care not provided by the NHS .
Politicians , meanwhile , unite in the fiction of an unaffordable NHS .
We are never told about the impact of the market or how the huge injection of cash into the NHS is being diverted into marketing , billing , invoicing , chief executive - level salaries , profits , shareholders ' returns and bank dividends .
Nor is the public told how budgetary controls that made the NHS the most cost - efficient health system in the world are being dismantled in the rush to market .
Public and staff protests have gone unheeded , and judicial reviews have merely delayed the market process .
The mechanisms for public accountability are being stripped out .
Voters face a dilemma : the temptation is to punish Labour at the ballot box , yet the Conservatives ' health proposals , published last October , advocate the abolition of the secretary of state 's unqualified duty to provide a universal health service .
While Scotland and Wales are trying to forge a new path , taking steps to dismantle their markets , the English electorate is between a rock and a hard place .
· Allyson Pollock is director of the Centre for International Public Health Policy at Edinburgh University
allyson.pollock@ed.ac.uk
Inventor Mark Grubelich with Lt. Chris Dallas and Tristan DeSantis of Sandia 's Protective Force .
( Photo by Randy Montoya )
Sandia National Laboratories recently licensed its safer fuel air diversionary device technology to Defense Technology Corporation of America , located in Casper , Wyo .
Diversionary devices — also called stun grenades or flash - bangs — are a less - than - lethal device used in a wide variety of law enforcement and military operations .
Like a grenade , the device is activated by pulling a pin .
When thrown , the flash - bang creates a loud sound and bright flash of light to temporarily distract or disorient an adversary .
Flash - bangs are used in law enforcement and military operations such as hostage rescue , room - clearing , crowd control and other specialized operations .
Military or law enforcement personnel will typically break down a door or smash a window of a building and toss in the diversionary device during a forced entry .
More than 20 years ago , Paul Cooper and Ed Graeber , both now retired from Sandia , created the original Mk 141 flash - bang diversionary device , which was intended for limited ( and specialized ) applications .
It was state of the art for its day .
Paul ’s protégé , Mark Grubelich , built on that original groundbreaking work and came up with an improved flash - bang – one far safer for law enforcement and the military
Flash - bangs that use existing pyrotechnic technology function like an explosive device – once ignited a “ flash powder ” mixture of aluminum & potassium perchorate powders quickly reacts , resulting in an explosive output , ” Grubelich says .
“ They function like any other explosive devise but without any shrapnel , just a flash and a bang . ”
Like any other explosive device , flash - bangs can be damaged in the field , poorly manufactured , or incorrectly deployed .
With the older pyrotechnic technology employed by the previous generation of flash - bangs , any of these types of problems can result in serious injuries .
“ There are a number of disadvantages associated with currently available diversionary devices , ” says Grubelich .
“ Serious injuries have resulted from their improper use both operationally and in training . ”
Because safety is of paramount importance , the new fuel air technology was developed to address the issues associated with the severe over pressure that is produced in the near field of older - style diversionary devices .
In this new diversionary device the flash - bang produces a dust explosion on a very small scale – a gas generator rapidly ejects and ignites aluminum powder .
That deflagrating cloud of burning aluminum powder provides an intensely bright light and an ‘ explosive ’ noise .
The body of the diversionary device itself does not explode , making the operation safer for the person deploying the item and for anyone in the area .
This lessens the likelihood of injury and also the severity of the consequences should a mishap occur .
Grubelich recently appeared on the History Channel series “ Modern Marvels ” where he explained how the improved technology functioned and also demonstrated the device .
The new flash - bang can be made into many body styles appropriate for fielding by the military and law enforcement for a variety of applications , says Grubelich .
Economical and refillable versions can be made for training purposes .
A heavier version of the flash - bang could also allow it to be thrown though windows .
The technology was originally licensed in 2002 to a different company , but the licensee failed to bring the product to market .
“ Sandia looks forward to Defense Technology making a safer device available to the military and to law enforcement agencies all over the country , ” Grubelich says .
Source : Sandia National Laboratories
Helsinki , Finland
High - school students here rarely get more than a half - hour of homework a night .
They have no school uniforms , no honor societies , no valedictorians , no tardy bells and no classes for the gifted .
There is little standardized testing , few parents agonize over college and kids do n't start school until age 7 .
Yet by one international measure , Finnish teenagers are among the smartest in the world .
They earned some of the top scores by 15 - year - old students who were tested in 57 countries .
American teens finished among the world 's C students even as U.S. educators piled on more homework , standards and rules .
Finnish youth , like their U.S. counterparts , also waste hours online .
They dye their hair , love sarcasm and listen to rap and heavy metal .
But by ninth grade they 're way ahead in math , science and reading -- on track to keeping Finns among the world 's most productive workers .
The Finns won attention with their performances in triennial tests sponsored by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , a group funded by 30 countries that monitors social and economic trends .
In the most recent test , which focused on science , Finland 's students placed first in science and near the top in math and reading , according to results released late last year .
An unofficial tally of Finland 's combined scores puts it in first place overall , says Andreas Schleicher , who directs the OECD 's test , known as the Programme for International Student Assessment , or PISA .
The U.S. placed in the middle of the pack in math and science ; its reading scores were tossed because of a glitch .
About 400,000 students around the world answered multiple - choice questions and essays on the test that measured critical thinking and the application of knowledge .
A typical subject : Discuss the artistic value of graffiti .
" We have created a monument to Putin for the common people , " the magazine 's chief editor , Roman Popov , said .
" We wanted to show him as a pragmatic man who likes a good joke and who is strong and beautiful . "
Earlier in the year , the magazine easily broke its circulation record when it released an issue with a bare - chested Mr Putin on its cover that sold over 400,000 copies .
Maybe it was all a misunderstanding .
Like the bad address on the search warrant .
Like the dead Mexican .
But Joseph Bini , the former drug warrior who orchestrated a disastrous no - knock raid nine years ago that still haunts the Denver Police Department , is back on the wrong side of the headlines .
Bini , 39 , was arrested June 2 after a female juvenile reported being sexually assaulted at the GNC store in the Denver Pavilions .
According to KCNC , Bini allegedly paid two underage girls twenty bucks to have sex in his wife 's store while he watched .
Put aside , for the moment , the obvious questions here -- how one satisfies voyeuristic urges in the vitamin aisle , how desperate the girls must have been for a little spending money .
The real question is : How low can Joe go ?
A decade ago , Bini was a gung - ho Denver cop , utilizing hinky informants to rack up street - level crack busts in bad neighborhoods .
But in 1999 , he was charged with perjury after putting bad information on a search warrant that sent a SWAT team into the wrong house in the 3700 block of High Street .
Ismael Mena , a Mexican national who worked at a bottling plant , was killed by officers after he reportedly refused to put down a weapon .
The shooting led to new restrictions in Denver on no- knock raids ; our exclusive chat with Bini 's informant indicated that Bini fudged several aspects of the warrant to make it seem like he'd witnessed a drug buy at Mena 's residence when it actually took place in an alley , with unidentified dealers who lived in another house .
Bini ended up pleading to a misdemeanor and was back on the force a year later .
By the time a documentary about the case surfaced last year , he was back under investigation for supposedly helping himself to an $ 88 carpet at the Pavilions .
But that incident led to no charges , and Bini retired from the force a few months ago for medical reasons — only to be picked up by his former brothers in blue over possible " child enticement " and unlawful sexual contact .
And so it goes .
Joe Bini wanted to clean up the streets .
But these days the cleanup is in aisle two , and the hot mess in question is Bini himself .
–- Alan Prendergast
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistan lodged a strong protest with the United States over what it called an unprovoked and cowardly air strike by U.S. forces in Afghanistan that killed 11 Pakistani soldiers at a border post .
They died in the Mohmand region , opposite Afghanistan ’s Kunar province , late on Tuesday as U.S. coalition forces in Afghanistan battled militants attacking from Pakistan , a Pakistani security official said .
The Pentagon defended U.S. forces , saying initial indications pointed to a “ legitimate strike ” carried out in self - defense after they came under attack .
Frustration is growing among Western forces in Afghanistan over Pakistani efforts to negotiate pacts to end militant violence on its side of the border .
NATO says such deals lead to more violence in Afghanistan .
The Pakistani Foreign Ministry said the unprovoked attack was a gross violation of the international border .
“ The senseless use of air power against a Pakistani border post by coalition forces is totally unacceptable , ” it said .
U.S. ambassador Anne Patterson was summoned to the Foreign Ministry over the incident , a government official said .
In its strongest criticism of the U.S. military since joining the U.S. - led campaign against terrorism , the Pakistani military said the killing of the 11 paramilitary Frontier Corps soldiers , including an officer , was “ unprovoked and cowardly ” .
The attack “ hit at the very basis of cooperation and sacrifice with which Pakistani soldiers are supporting the coalition in the war against terror ” , the military said .
Pakistan ’s ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , told Reuters Pakistan did not view the strike as an intentional hostile act and it was not expected to lead to a Pakistani reconsideration of its U.S. relations .
“ LEGITIMATE STRIKE ”
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell defended the U.S. troops .
“ Every indication we have at this point is that this was indeed a legitimate strike in defense of our forces after they came under attack , ” Morrell told reporters .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
He said the U.S. military greatly valued its relationship with its Pakistani counterpart but U.S. forces were “ within their rights to take the action they took ” .
He declined to rule out the possibility the Pakistani troops could have been involved in the firefight with U.S. forces .
A Pakistani security official said the Pakistani soldiers were killed in a counter - offensive after militants had launched an attack into Afghanistan .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
The U.S. military in Afghanistan said it had coordinated the artillery and air strike with Pakistan and it was investigating .
The State Department said the incident was regrettable .
A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said they attacked U.S. and Afghan forces as they were setting up a position on the Pakistan side of the border and eight Taliban were killed in subsequent U.S. bombing .
Many al Qaeda and Taliban militants took refuge on the Pakistani side of the border after U.S. - led forces ousted the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 .
A new Pakistani government , led by the party of assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , has been negotiating with ethnic Pashtun tribes to get them to press the militants to give up a campaign of violence in Pakistan in which hundreds of people have been killed over the past year .
Afghanistan and its Western allies say peace pacts in Pakistan ’s border regions enable militants to regroup and step up cross - border attacks from Pakistani sanctuaries .
Pakistan dropped support for the Taliban after the September 11 attacks on the United States in 2001 but it has been unable to dispel suspicion that elements within its security forces are helping the Taliban , or at least turning a blind eye as the militants organize their insurgency from Pakistan .
Separately , residents of Pakistan ’s South Waziristan border region said U.S. - led forces in Afghanistan fired into Pakistan on Wednesday but there were no reports of casualties .
Arriving at my hotel room in Montreal recently , I opened my garment bag to discover that the contents , which I had packed with care , had been invaded and left in disarray .
Although nothing had been taken , something had been added : a courteously worded flier printed in English on one side and Spanish on the other , titled “ Notice of Baggage Inspection . ”
It was not the first such experience I had endured while traveling , and I enjoyed this one no more than I had enjoyed its predecessors .
The flier explains that the TSA ’s invasion of my property was “ to protect you and your fellow passengers ” and is “ required by law , ” at which point it cited in a footnote Section 110 ( b ) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001 .
I was underwhelmed by this feeble effort to provide a legal basis for the government ’s vandalism and its violation of what is laughingly known as my Constitutionally protected rights .
The flier notes that the TSA “ appreciate [s ] your understanding and cooperation , ” as if I had willingly rendered either to this obnoxious state agency , and it adds that “ if you have questions , comments , or concerns , please feel free to contact the TSA Contact Center ” at a phone number or an Internet address provided .
It so happens that I do have questions , comments , or concerns for the agency , but I am not going to send them to the places indicated on the flier because I have complete confidence that my message would be given even less weight than the most elusive subatomic particle ( which , by some cosmic coincidence , is known as the Higgs boson ) .
Still , I am willing to divulge my questions , comments , or concerns to this blog , to wit :
How does the TSA , or the enabling legislation on which it rests its warrantless invasions of persons and property , square itself with the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States ?
This part of the Bill of Rights states : “ The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be searched . ”
The Constitution also declares that it is “ the supreme Law of the Land , ” which I take to mean , among other things , that it overrides anything to the contrary stipulated by the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001 .
Forgive me if I have failed to acquire mastery of Constitutional law , but on the face of the matter , the TSA ’s actions and its enabling legislation would appear to be in transparent conflict with the Fourth Amendment and the Supremacy Clause .
Fine , you say , that ’s all well and good , but it makes no difference to the TSA , which has been given a “ job ” to do , or to the travellers who wish to use the services of the airlines to go from A to B without having to overthrow the existing government of the United States to do so unmolested .
As Dirty Harry Callahan put it , “ a man ’s got to know his limitations . ”
Judging by the travellers I see when I use the airlines , the people do know their limitations , and they behave themselves accordingly , like sheep .
As for the Constitution , well , it has demonstrated time and again that it can slink away without causing a ruckus .
As the U.S. government ’s Dear Leader himself has famously said of the Constitution , which he previously swore to preserve , protect , and defend , “ it ’s just a goddamned piece of paper . ”
Each Netflix account allows the creation of additional profiles , and the DVDs in your subscription plan can be divvied up among them .
Unfortunately for its users , the mail - rental outlet has decided to kill the profile feature in just a couple of months , a move that is already prompting an outcry around the Internet .
Profiles allow other family or household members to maintain their own rental queue , rate their own movies , and receive recommendations based on their individual tastes .
Many families use the feature to allow the kids to pick out their favorite animated films , for instance , without having to constantly pester dad to add Land Before Time XI : Invasion of the Tinysauruses to the queue .
The feature worked quite well for me and my girlfriend — she has a masters in film theory and her taste for French New Wave and Ingmar Bergman does n't always jibe with my penchant for sci-fi and Adam Sandler comedies .
According to an e-mail sent out to subscribers last night , Netflix is eliminating the convenient feature and removing all additional account profiles in September .
And to add insult to injury , the additional profiles cannot be migrated to a new account .
So all the effort you may have put in to rating hundreds , if not thousands , of movies and carefully crafting the perfect queue will be obliterated .
The rental history will be merged with the main account owner , so your recommendations could suddenly change to reflect other profile users ' tastes .
And , parents will no longer be able to easily monitor children 's rentals if they opt to open a separate account .
But , Netflix will happily e-mail you your queue before they delete it so you can manually recreate it if you bothered to sign up for a separate account .
Netflix 's new business plan : upset customers by eliminating popular features .
For its part , Netflix is acknowledging that eliminating the profiles may be " disappointing , " but says the change is necessary to " continue to improve the Netflix website for all our customers . "
It 's not clear how eliminating the feature could improve the site , and Netflix has not yet responded to Ars ' request for comment .
What is clear , however , is that making it harder to share an account could increase Netflix 's bottom line .
For instance , if a household is sharing an " 4 at - a - time " plan , it costs $ 24 .
To have two " 2 at - a - time " plans would cost $ 28 .
Though Netflix has enjoyed great success in the DVD - by - mail market , this is n't the first time it has drawn the ire of its customers .
It 's unknown exactly how popular the profiles feature was , but anecdotally , several of my friends use the feature to keep personal tastes from clashing , and so far folks in our Open Forum seem pretty upset by this latest move .
An online petition is already available , with signees agreeing to either move to a cheaper plan , put their account on hold , or cancel their accounts entirely .
Netflix must be banking that the improvements to its web site will offset the ill will and lost subscribers that this news has engendered .
Market power and the ( non -) application of competition laws to trade policies
Bruce Blonigen
Though policymakers show great concern for market power when discussing antitrust policy , they neglect it when designing trade policies .
This column summarises recent empirical research showing that some trade barriers impose significant costs on consumers by substantially raising the market power of domestic firms .
The main premise of antitrust ( or competition ) laws is to proscribe practices that allow firms to limit competition in the marketplace .
As is well known , limiting competition allows firms to raise prices above their marginal costs ( something we call market power ) .
Market power creates profits for firms , but the profits are more than offset by losses in consumer surplus .
This translates into net ( or deadweight ) losses for society , and such losses are , obviously , something to be avoided .
The problems associated with market power are generally well recognised by the public when the topic of discussion is domestic competition and anti-trust policies .
However , when the topic is trade policy , public discussion of how it might affect market power is often confused or nonexistent .
For example , one virtually never hears any worry about the potential anti-competitive effects from applying traditional forms of trade policies , such as import tariffs and quotas .
The only place that one finds competition policies mentioned with trade policies is with respect to antidumping laws .
And here the application of these principles is one - sided .
It is recognised ( and likely overemphasised ) that there can be anti-competitive effects when a foreign firm uses low prices to eliminate competitors ; i.e. , predatory pricing practices .
However , it is clear that the actual implementation of antidumping laws applies remedies for a whole range of pricing behaviours that any competition agency would find perfectly consistent with a competitive marketplace ( for example , see “ Why we need antidumping reforms ” ) .
1
Indeed , the danger of antidumping remedies is that they could actually promote anti-competitive effects by helping firms collude ( actively or tacitly ) to achieve joint monopoly / cartel prices and profits .
Most directly , this can be seen in the case of “ undertakings , ” whereby government agencies coordinate arrangements with foreign firms ( and in consultation with domestic firms ) to keep the foreign firms ’ prices at predictably high levels in lieu of antidumping duties !
Even a quick scan of an introductory industrial organisation text would suggest to you that this could be quite an effective mechanism for firms to coordinate tacit collusion .
Trade policy and market power in theory …
Though largely ignored in public discussions of trade policy , economists have been reasonably good at showing theoretically how various trade policies may affect market power .
In general , the theoretical literature finds large market power effects from quantitative restrictions and none with tariff - based import protection .
2
There is also a literature indicating that antidumping measures can raise firms ’ market power for similar reasons as quantitative restrictions ; namely , that such policies can allow firms to tacitly coordinate higher prices to their benefit , but to the detriment of consumers and overall welfare ( for example , see Prusa 1992 ) .
Why does the issue of market power rarely enter public discussion of trade policies ?
There are a number of possible explanations , but let ’s discuss two where at least some of the responsibility can be placed on the economics profession .
First , economists have simply not laid out these arguments very often .
For example , the standard models used to illustrate trade policies in today ’s typical undergraduate textbook assume perfect competition .
In such a setting , import protection increases employment in the protected sector , as well as infra-marginal rents of producers , but does not lead to market power for firms by assumption .
Economists need to do a better job in presenting the conceptual reasons for why trade protection programs can raise market power and lead to the same sort of welfare losses that arise in more familiar cases where monopoly power leads to undesirable outcomes .
The second explanation is that the economics profession has not provided any empirical evidence for these market power effects .
These effects may exist in theory under the right sets of assumptions , but do these effects really occur ?
… and in practice
Empirical evidence on this issue is beginning to emerge , and the results of a couple of recent studies suggest that we ignore the potential anti-competitive effects of trade policies at our peril .
In a recent paper I co-authored with Benjamin Liebman and Wesley Wilson , we undertake a systematic investigation of the market power effects of the wide variety of trade protection programs afforded to the U.S. steel industry over the last three decades ( Blonigen , Liebman , and Wilson , 2007 ) .
The U.S. steel industry has been the main industrial sector receiving trade protection during this time period , accounting for more than a third of all antidumping and countervailing duty cases , as well as enjoying periods with quantitative restrictions and safeguard remedies on imports .
Our statistical results are strongly consistent with the theoretical literature described in footnote 1 in that we find large market power effects from quantitative restrictions and none with tariff - based import protection .
In fact , our estimates cannot reject the hypothesis that the U.S. steel industry was able to perfectly collude during the main quota period in the late 1980s .
Surprisingly , our estimates find no market power effects from antidumping protection in the US steel industry , which the theoretical literature suggests could be significant .
These results contrast with recent evidence from Jozef Konings and Hylke Vandenbussche ( 2005 ) that antidumping duties in the European Union did raise market power significantly for many domestic firms that received antidumping duties against their import rivals .
However , Konings and Vandenbussche note that market power effects are much lower or even nonexistent for products where antidumping protection leads to significant import diversion – market share gets diverted to import sources not targeted by the antidumping protection , rather than the domestic firms .
The is a likely explanation for our finding of little market power effects for U.S. steel antidumping cases , as Prusa ( 1997 ) found significant trade diversion in U.S. antidumping cases .
Conclusions
What does this all mean in light of trade policy developments over the past decade ?
There is both good news and bad news .
The good news is that the Uruguay Round made substantial progress in eliminating quantitative restrictions , which theory and empirics suggest are by far the most harmful trade policies in terms of raising market power .
The bad news is that antidumping measures are acceptable under WTO agreements and have proliferated across member countries substantially in the past decade .
While the initial evidence on market power effects of antidumping measures is mixed , the theory is clear in suggesting many ways in which such protection can raise market power .
While there may be political reasons to keep trade measures such as antidumping in place , as a profession , economics needs to continue to bring more evidence to bear about the market power effects of these programs .
At the same time , we need to also continue to press policymakers more about the need for competition laws to apply equally to domestic and foreign firms .
If policymakers can see the logic of having national treatment laws with respect to things such as tax policies towards firms in a market , then perhaps they can also be engaged to think about national treatment with respect to application of competition laws .
As it stands , antidumping policies are a completely different ( and wrongheaded ) set of competition laws applied only to foreign firms exporting to a market .
References
Bhagwati , Jagdish N. ( 1965 ) .
“ On the Equivalence of Tariffs and Quotas , ” in R.E. Baldwin et al. , eds. , Trade , Growth and the Balance of Payments : Essays in Honor of Gottfried Haberler , Amsterdam : North - Holland .
Blonigen , Bruce A. , Benjamin H. Liebman , and Wesley W. Wilson ( 2007 ) .
“ Trade Policy and Market Power : The Case of the US Steel Industry , ” NBER Working Paper No. 13671 .
Konings , Jozef , Hylke Vandenbussche , and Linda Springael ( 2001 ) .
“ Import Diversion Under European Antidumping Policy , ” Journal of Industry , Competition and Trade , Vol. 1( 3 ) : 283-299 .
Konings , Jozef , and Hylke Vandenbussche ( 2005 ) .
“ Antidumping Protection and Markups of Domestic Firms , ” Journal of International Economics , Vol. 65 ( 1 ) : 151-65 .
Krishna , Kala . ( 1989 ) .
“ Trade Restrictions as Facilitating Practices , ” Journal of International Economics .
Vol. 26 : 251-270 .
Prusa , Thomas J. ( 1992 ) .
“ Why Are So Many Antidumping Petitions Withdrawn ? ” Journal of International Economics .
Vol. 33 : 1-20 .
Prusa , Thomas J. ( 1997 ) .
“ The Trade Effects of US Antidumping Actions , " in Robert C. Feenstra , ed. , Effects of US Trade Protection and Promotion Policies , NBER Project Report Series .
Chicago , IL : University of Chicago Press .
Footnotes
1 Hylke Vandenbussche and Maurizio Zanardi , “ Antidumping in the EU : the time of missed opportunities , ” VoxEU , 8 February 2008 .
2 Perhaps the first formal treatment dates back to Bhagwati ( 1965 ) , who showed that a binding quota would allow a domestic monopolist to continue to wield market power in the face of lower international prices , whereas a standard import tariff would drive the domestic monopolist price to the competitive international price ( plus tariff ) .
Game theoretic analysis of oligopoly games also indicate that quantitative restrictions on imports allowed firms to increase market power , while import tariffs do not change existing market power ( for example , see Krishna 1989 ) .
BOULDER —
It was n’t exactly pistols at 30 paces , but police say a security company supervisor and a restaurateur shot each other with Tasers in a confrontation over parking .
Officers said neither man needed medical attention after the confrontation Saturday , but Harvey Epstein , a co-owner of Mamacitas restaurant in Boulder , was arrested on suspicion of felony menacing and using a stun gun .
A police report said Epstein and Casey M. Dane , a supervisor for Colorado Security Services Inc. , were arguing over a metal boot that one of Dane ’s guards had clamped on a wheel of a van parked behind Mamacitas .
The guard claimed the van , owned by a Mamacitas employee , was on property he was hired to patrol .
The van owner denied that .
Dane told police he was afraid Epstein was going to hit him with a 2 - foot - long pair of bolt cutters .
Epstein told police he had only tried to remove the boot .
Epstein , 36 , of Longmont told police that Dane put his hand on a holstered pistol and threatened to shoot him .
Dane told the AP he never threatened to shoot Epstein .
Both men drew Tasers .
“ They shot each other , ” said Police Sgt. Pat Wyton .
He 's just doing this to get the money to make more LAIKA movies , right ?
“ This is a real geek fest , ” says Professor Schalk , a high - energy physicist in both senses of the phrase .
“ If I was a kid , I ’d wet my pants here , ” he joked .
Some 65,000 people came to see the sprawling display of inventiveness and potentially hazardous fun .
Many of them read
Make magazine and its sister publication , Craft , and go to Web sites like Instructables.com that encourage people to take on projects and share what they learn .
( Recent online projects have shown people how to convert a novelty French - fry telephone into a carrying case for an iPod ; how to make a computer - powered coffee warmer from an old Intel Pentium chip plugged into a P.C. ’s U.S.B. port ; and how parents and children can build a small vibrating robot together . )
Armchair MacGyvers visit Web sites like BoingBoing .
net that lovingly chronicle the more audacious projects here and at events like the anarchic Burning Man festival in the Nevada desert .
These overlapping , even incestuous , communities form the “ maker movement ” of do - it - yourself enlightenment .
In an age where just about every human activity , from shopping to sex , can be performed in the virtual world , they choose to get their hands dirty .
This is part of the Bay Area ’s high - tech , adamantly nonconformist culture , steeped in engineering and art and innovation in garages that incubate billionaires and crowded with guys who make late - night runs to the pharmacy for bandages and burn cream .
But it is not just a California thing .
Make has fans around the world , with a paid circulation of 100,000 ; its Web site gets 2.5 million visitors each month .
The publisher has started a second Faire in Austin , Tex. , with hopes of further expansion .
The founders of the magazine and the Faire are tugging on a thread that makes its way across America ’s gearhead culture , zigzagging back through the Homebrew Computer Club , which helped produce the first personal computers , and Roy Doty ’s how - to cartoons in Popular Mechanics magazine .
But it goes farther still , back to those two bicycle mechanics , Orville and Wilbur Wright , and even back to those tinkerers Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson , whose hand - designed folding chairs are an elegant marvel .
What the makers are doing , then  mixing and matching technologies and hacking and tinkering  is encoded within the nation ’s DNA .
Image Adam Savage of the TV show " Mythbusters " watched a demonstration .
Credit ... Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
“ It ’s deeply American , ” said Xeni Jardin , an editor of BoingBoing .
As for the family - friendly setting , she said , “ It ’s like Burning Man without all the icky hippie elements , without the pants - free guy on a bike . ”
Language is perhaps the most important function of the human body – it allows us to get sustenance as a child , it allows us to get virtually anything we want as an adult , and it allows us many hours of entertainment through literature , radio , music , and films .
This list ( in order of least to most spoken ) summarizes the most important languages in use today .
SEE ALSO : 10 Extraordinary Languages That Do Not Involve Speaking
10 French
Number of speakers : 129 million
Often called the most romantic language in the world , French is spoken in tons of countries , including Belgium , Canada , Rwanda , Cameroon , and Haiti .
Oh , and France too .
We ’re actually very lucky that French is so popular , because without it , we might have been stuck with Dutch Toast , Dutch Fries , and Dutch kissing ( ew ! ) .
To say “ hello ” in French , say “ Bonjour ” ( bone - JOOR ) .
Learn French today !
Make the move and buy the critically acclaimed language course Rosetta Stone at Amazon.com !
9 Malay - Indonesian
Advertisement
Number of speakers : 159 million
Malay - Indonesian is spoken – surprise – in Malaysia and Indonesia .
Actually , we kinda fudged the numbers on this one because there are many dialects of Malay , the most popular of which is Indonesian .
But they ’re all pretty much based on the same root language , which makes it the ninth most - spoken in the world .
Indonesia is a fascinating place ; a nation made up of over 13,000 islands it is the sixth most populated country in the world .
Malaysia borders on two of the larger parts of Indonesia ( including the island of Borneo ) , and is mostly known for its capital city of Kuala Lumpur .
To say “ hello ” in Indonesian , say “ Selamat pagi ” ( se - LA - maht PA - gee ) .
8 Portuguese
Number of speakers : 191 million
Think of Portuguese as the little language that could .
In the 12th Century , Portugal won its independence from Spain and expanded all over the world with the help of its famous explorers like Vasco da Gama and Prince Henry the Navigator .
( Good thing Henry became a navigator . . . could you imagine if a guy named “ Prince Henry the Navigator ” became a florist ? )
Because Portugal got in so early on the exploring game , the language established itself all over the world , especially in Brazil ( where it ’s the national language ) , Macau , Angola , Venezuela , and Mozambique .
To say “ hello ” in Portuguese , say “ Bom dia ” ( bohn DEE-ah ) .
7 Bengali
Number of speakers : 211 million
In Bangladesh , a country of 120 + million people , just about everybody speaks Bengali .
And because Bangladesh is virtually surrounded by India ( where the population is growing so fast , just breathing the air can get you pregnant ) , the number of Bengali speakers in the world is much higher than most people would expect .
To say “ hello ” in Bengali , say “ Ei Je ” ( EYE - jay ) .
Plan a trip to Southeast Asia and experience the rich culture and lush natural beauty of one of the most gorgeous places on Earth .
And whatever you do , do n’t forget to pick up your Lonely Planet Bangladesh Travel Guide at Amazon.com !
6 Arabic
Number of speakers : 246 million
Arabic , one of the world ’s oldest languages , is spoken in the Middle East , with speakers found in countries such as Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Iraq , Syria , Jordan , Lebanon , and Egypt .
Furthermore , because Arabic is the language of the Koran , millions of Moslems in other countries speak Arabic as well .
So many people have a working knowledge of Arabic , in fact , that in 1974 it was made the sixth official language of the United Nations .
To say “ hello ” in Arabic , say “ Al salaam a’alaykum ” ( Ahl sah - LAHM ah ah - LAY - koom ) .
5 Russian
Number of speakers : 277 million
Mikhail Gorbachev , Boris Yeltsin , and Yakov Smirnoff are among the millions of Russian speakers out there .
Sure , we used to think of them as our Commie enemies .
Now we think of them as our Commie friends .
One of the six languages in the UN , Russian is spoken not only in the Mother Country , but also in Belarus , Kazakhstan , and the U.S. ( to name just a few places ) .
To say “ hello ” in Russian , say “ Zdravstvuite ” ( ZDRAST - vet - yah ) .
4 Spanish
Number of speakers : 392 million
Aside from all of those kids who take it in high school , Spanish is spoken in just about every South American and Central American country , not to mention Spain , Cuba , and the U.S.
There is a particular interest in Spanish in the U.S. , as many English words are borrowed from the language , including : tornado , bonanza , patio , quesadilla , enchilada , and taco grande supreme .
To say “ hello ” in Spanish , say “ Hola ” ( OH - la ) .
3 Hindustani
Number of speakers : 497 million
Hindustani is the primary language of India ’s crowded population , and it encompasses a huge number of dialects ( of which the most commonly spoken is Hindi ) .
While many predict that the population of India will soon surpass that of China , the prominence of English in India prevents Hindustani from surpassing the most popular language in the world .
If you ’re interested in learning a little Hindi , there ’s a very easy way : rent an Indian movie .
The film industry in India is the most prolific in the world , making thousands of action / romance / musicals every year .
To say “ hello ” in Hindustani , say “ Namaste ” ( Nah - MAH - stay ) .
2 English
Number of speakers : 508 million
While English does n’t have the most speakers , it is the official language of more countries than any other language .
Its speakers hail from all around the world , including New Zealand , the U.S. , Australia , England , Zimbabwe , the Caribbean , Hong Kong , South Africa , and Canada .
We ’d tell you more about English , but you probably feel pretty comfortable with the language already .
Let ’s just move on to the most popular language in the world .
To say “ hello ” in English , say “ What ’s up , freak ? ” ( watz - UP - freek ) .
1 Mandarin
Number of speakers : 1 billion +
Surprise , surprise , the most widely spoken language on the planet is based in the most populated country on the planet .
Beating second - place English by a 2 to 1 ratio , but do n’t let that lull you into thinking that Mandarin is easy to learn .
Speaking Mandarin can be really tough , because each word can be pronounced in four ways ( or “ tones ” ) , and a beginner will invariably have trouble distinguishing one tone from another .
But if over a billion people could do it , so could you .
Try saying hello !
To say “ hello ” in Mandarin , say “ Ni hao ” ( Nee HaOW ) .
( “ Hao ” is pronounced as one syllable , but the tone requires that you let your voice drop midway , and then raise it again at the end . )
Contributor : flamiejamie
Depositors of failed IndyMac Bank endured long waits in the summer heat for a second day Tuesday , with crowds becoming irate at several branches and customers with large accounts complaining of serious problems in getting their money .
Banking experts said the chaotic scenes risked touching off runs on other banks unless federal regulators quickly cashed out insured accounts and gave depositors accurate information about their funds .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. took over Pasadena - based IndyMac late Friday and has assured depositors that accounts with $ 100,000 held in a single name or $ 250,000 in a retirement account are safe .
But many customers have said that when they checked their balances online , tens of thousands of dollars appeared to be missing .
And when they went to branches in search of answers , they encountered lines hundreds of people deep and unhelpful staff members .
On Tuesday , reports of unruly crowds brought police to branches in Encino and Northridge , although there were no arrests or injuries .
Advertisement
Noelle Gabay of Northridge , a budget analyst for the state of California , said FDIC officials acknowledged that she was owed $ 213,500 but provided her access only to $ 99,000 .
“ My trust in the FDIC is gone , ” said Gabay , 49 .
“ The question is now , where do we put our money ?
Do we buy a bigger mattress ? ”
Bert Ely , a banking consultant in Arlington , Va. , whose clients include financial - services trade groups , said the IndyMac situation was “ generating anxieties all across the country . ”
“ They should have been better prepared for this , ” he said , adding that regulatory oversight of IndyMac had been lax .
Advertisement
Ely noted that the bank , hobbled by massive defaults on loans made at the height of the real estate market , was not on the FDIC ’s list of troubled institutions as of March 31 .
It was placed on the list in June .
However , he said IndyMac ’s fall was hastened by public questions from Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) last month about the bank ’s strength -- comments that apparently helped trigger a $ 1.3 - billion run on deposits .
Schumer has responded to such criticism by saying that IndyMac brought on its own problems by engaging for years in “ poor and loose lending practices ” that regulators should have prevented .
Longtime bank analyst Frederick Cannon , chief equity strategist for Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , said because of the distress at IndyMac , executives at other banks “ are working very actively with their depositors to explain how insurance works , and what ’s covered . ”
John Bovenzi , the FDIC official who is now IndyMac ’s chief executive , acknowledged that some online records of accounts and insurance were inaccurate , fueling fear and anger among depositors .
“ They ’ll need to talk to an FDIC claims manager to sort it out , ” he said .
“ Some electronic records may not be complete , and we ’ll need to get a look at the documents ” that set up the account .
Advertisement
Depositors can get FDIC coverage beyond the usual $ 100,000 per account by opening joint accounts and trust accounts .
The FDIC has said that in addition to fully paying out insured IndyMac deposits , it will immediately pay half of uninsured IndyMac deposits .
Several depositors , though , complained Tuesday that the FDIC was failing to properly calculate interest and accused IndyMac employees of providing erroneous information about deposit insurance .
Todd Bash , a 43 - year - old teacher from San Gabriel , was worried about IndyMac ’s viability after reading about its woes in the media , so he had gone into his branch in West Covina on July 8 -- three days before regulators seized the bank .
He had two certificates of deposit , a savings account and a checking account , totaling more than $ 180,000 .
Bash said he had been ready to pull his funds , but the teller told him that he could add beneficiaries to get extra insurance .
He added his mother to one account and his sister to another .
Advertisement
But after IndyMac was seized , an FDIC hotline operator said the extra insurance was n’t necessarily valid , Bash said .
That landed him in line Monday .
After eight hours , the bank closed and he went home .
He went on the FDIC website again and used the system ’s deposit insurance calculator , which said all of his deposits were fully covered .
Bash returned to the bank Tuesday more confident , but when he finally talked to a teller , she showed him that more than $ 80,000 was missing from one account .
Why ?
The teller did n’t know .
She referred him to an FDIC official in the branch , who also could n’t tell him what happened , he said .
“ One person finally suggested that maybe there was a hold on my account , but when I asked if it was a hold , why would n’t they just say there was a hold ? . . .
Nobody could give me any answers , ” he said .
Advertisement
FDIC spokesman David Barr said most of the problems stemmed from trust accounts that have been put on hold until the agency determines that beneficiaries have been properly named .
In most cases , those funds will be released in full after the depositor confers in person with the FDIC , he said .
Frozen trust accounts also caused tellers to fail to credit interest payments to some borrowers .
“ We apologize for that , ” Barr said , adding that the FDIC is checking accounts where that may have occurred and will mail missing interest to depositors .
“ It may take us a few days , but we will get it out . ”
He said that in the future the FDIC will ensure that borrowers are better informed that trust accounts may be briefly put on hold , and tellers will be cautioned not to underpay interest .
Such difficulties compounded the tension from long waits in line Tuesday , which were reported at several of IndyMac ’s 33 branches despite the FDIC ’s addition of 100 tellers to help ease the crunch .
Advertisement
In Encino , as many as 80 people were waiting outside around 8 a.m. when several customers tried to cut in line , LAPD Officer April Harding said .
Police told customers to remain calm or face arrest , and order was restored , with private guards standing watch and police acting as backup .
As the morning wore on , customers leaned over a metal railing separating them from a row of guards and yelled complaints .
The main point of contention involved a sign - up list that was started late Monday after many customers had given up and left for the day .
“ He promised us there would not be a list , ” one woman yelled at a security guard .
“ We do n’t know who to believe ! ”
There was greater order at other branches .
There was n’t even a line at IndyMac ’s main branch in Pasadena , which on Monday had been flooded with customers .
On Tuesday afternoon , the only people outside were IndyMac employees overseeing an appointment list .
Advertisement
IndyMac is the fifth FDIC - insured institution to fail this year .
John M. Reich , director of the Office of Thrift Supervision , said regulators had hoped to work out its problems in an orderly manner over time .
The FDIC had managed to do that with another troubled California lender , Fremont General Corp. of Santa Monica , whose Brea - based bank subsidiary was a major maker of subprime loans that began going bad in massive numbers .
The FDIC forced Fremont to stop lending in March 2007 , saying it was making too many unaffordable loans .
Under the scrutiny of the federal agency , the bank gradually found buyers for its holdings and liquidated its operations without a government takeover .
Reich said IndyMac had been actively seeking a major investor to provide capital or a buyer when the run on deposits began .
“ Although this institution was already in distress , the deposit run pushed IndyMac over the edge , ” he said .
Advertisement
Some experts say the FDIC needs to focus on helping depositors regain their funds quickly .
Cannon , the bank analyst , said he was surprised to hear FDIC chief Sheila Bair say Monday that she would halt foreclosure proceedings to help some IndyMac mortgage holders stay in their homes .
Bair , he said , “ was focusing on modifying loans rather than on the primary role of the FDIC , which is managing the deposits . ”
Through a spokesman , she declined to comment .
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading Tuesday in IndyMac Bancorp , the holding company for IndyMac Bank .
The stock , which peaked at $ 50 a share in 2006 , was changing hands at 9 cents .
--
Advertisement
andrea.chang@latimes.com
scott.reckard@latimes.com
kathy.kristof@latimes.com
Times staff writers Andrew Blankstein and Molly Hennessy - Fiske contributed to this report .
Advertisement
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Tips for IndyMac Bank customers
* General IndyMac information number : ( 800 ) 998-2900
Advertisement
* For general information on FDIC coverage : ( 877 ) 275-3342 or www.fdic.gov
* To schedule appointments to discuss uninsured funds : ( 866 ) 806-5919
* Customers also can come to a branch and make an appointment
* Extended hours at branches : 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday - Friday ; 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday .
What the fuck ?
Toothpaste For Dinner updates daily at midnight .
It 's the only good comic that 's been continuously updated since 2002 .
It 's drawn by Drew Fairweather .
We redesigned Toothpaste For Dinner in August 2016 to optimize it for mobile users , thanks to contributions from our Patreon supporters .
If you enjoy Toothpaste For Dinner , please consider chipping in $ 0.10 a day to keep us online and updating !
Pictured : Photographer 's moment of madness as he leaps across 8ft gap in the Grand Canyon
By Olinka Koster for MailOnline
This is the heart - stopping moment a daring photographer leapt between two rocky outcrops over the Grand Canyon - with drop of nearly a mile beneath him .
A crowd of onlookers gasped in horror as the man - who was wearing flimsy flip - flops - risked his life to capture a stunning shot of the Arizona sunset .
Deadly risk :
The unidentified tourist jumps a chasm at the Grand Canyon
Minutes earlier , the unknown daredevil had been casually sunbathing on a rock column .
He had already made the leap once to get to the smaller rock - although that act of daring went unwitnessed .
Once there , he made the most of it by downing a six - pack of beer while relaxing on the outcrop for several hours .
However , as sunset approached , a crowd of tourists gathered and watched as the man took a perfect shot of the canyon .
Fearless :
The photographer sets up his tripod on a perilous pinnacle of rock
To their astonishment , he then simply tucked the camera and tripod under his arm and leapt back across the 8ft gap .
He grasped hold of the opposing rock face with just one hand and momentarily lost his grip before climbing to safety .
For those who find their heart skipping a beat just looking at these photographs , it may of some comfort to know that the two rocks are actually joined together lower down .
One , two , three , jump !
The man takes his life in his hands as he makes the leap
However , there is still a life - threatening drop of around 20ft on the near , ' safer ' side of the rocks .
On the far side , the drop is about 0.6 miles .
The photos were taken by amateur Dutch photographer Hans van de Vorst , 47 , who visited the spot on holiday .
When he arrived at the scene the man , dressed in jeans , t- shirt and flip - flops , was lounging on the rock column around 15 ft from the edge of the canyon .
Mr van de Vorst , a marketing consultant from Veenendaal in central Holland , watched as the man set up his tripod and captured the last minutes of the sunset , before
casually finishing his beer , packing up his equipment and making the leap .
' When we arrived he was just taking in the scenery and people were discussing how he managed to get on there in the first place , ' he said .
' Nobody even bothered with the sunset - everyone 's eyes were on this man and how he was going to get off the rock .
' He looked really relaxed and casually stood up before jumping across the gap .
' There was complete silence as he packed his things up and then a few gasps when he jumped .
' He did n't grab the rock properly the first time and slipped back about 50 cm ( 20 inches ) before clinging onto it .
Even then he did n't look fazed . '
Terrifying : Tripod under one arm , the daredevil leaper clings desperately to the far wall after making his jump
Mr van de Vorst posted the pictures on the Internet in a bid to track down the mystery man , but no - one has come forward .
The Grand Canyon - which straddles the Colorado River - is 277 miles long and ranges in width from 4 to 18 miles with a depth of more than a mile at its deepest point .
It is one of the deepest in the world and is famous for its array of bright reds and oranges , which are caused by the unusual geological formations .
The dramatic pictures were taken at The Grand Viewpoint at the Grand Canyon 's South Rim .
In the US and Britain , there is a campaign to smear anybody who tries to describe the plight of the Palestinian people .
It is an attempt to intimidate and silence – and to a large degree , it works .
There is nobody these self - appointed spokesmen for Israel will not attack as anti-Jewish : liberal Jews , rabbis , even Holocaust survivors .
My own case is n't especially important , but it illustrates how the wider process of intimidation works .
I have worked undercover at both the Finsbury Park mosque and among neo -Nazi Holocaust deniers to expose the Jew - hatred there ; when I went on the Islam Channel to challenge the anti-Semitism of Islamists , I received a rash of death threats calling me " a Jew - lover " , " a Zionist - homo pig " and more .
Ah , but wait .
I have also reported from Gaza and the West Bank .
Last week , I wrote an article that described how untreated sewage was being pumped from illegal Israeli settlements on to Palestinian land , contaminating their reservoirs .
This is n't controversial .
It has been documented by Friends of the Earth , and I have seen it with my own eyes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The response ?
There was little attempt to dispute the facts I offered .
Instead , some of the most high profile " pro-Israel " writers and media monitoring groups – including Honest Reporting and Camera – said I an anti-Jewish bigot akin to Joseph Goebbels and Mahmoud Ahmadinejadh , while Melanie Phillips even linked the stabbing of two Jewish people in North London to articles like mine .
Vast numbers of e-mails came flooding in calling for me to be sacked .
Any attempt to describe accurately the situation for Palestinians is met like this .
If you recount the pumping of sewage onto Palestinian land , " Honest Reporting " claims you are reviving the anti-Semitic myth of Jews " poisoning the wells . "
If you interview a woman whose baby died in 2002 because she was detained – in labour – by Israeli soldiers at a checkpoint within the West Bank , " Honest Reporting " will say you did n't explain " the real cause " : the election of Hamas in , um , 2006 .
And on , and on .
The former editor of Israel 's leading newspaper , Ha'aretz , David Landau , calls the behaviour of these groups " nascent McCarthyism " .
Those responsible hold extreme positions of their own that place them way to the right of most Israelis .
Alan Dershowitz and Melanie Phillips are two of the most prominent figures sent in to attack anyone who disagrees with the Israeli right .
Dershowitz is a lawyer , Harvard professor and author of The Case For Israel .
He sees ethnic cleansing as a trifling matter , writing : " Political solutions often require the movement of people , and such movement is not always voluntary ...
It is a fifth - rate issue analogous in many respects to some massive urban renewal . "
If a prominent American figure takes a position on Israel to the left of this , Dershowitz often takes to the airwaves to call them anti-Semites and bigots .
The journalist Melanie Phillips performs a similar role in Britain .
Last year a group called Independent Jewish Voices was established with this mission statement : " Palestinians and Israelis alike have the right to peace and security . "
Jews including Mike Leigh , Stephen Fry and Rabbi David Goldberg joined .
Phillips swiftly dubbed them " Jews For Genocide " , and said they " encourage " the " killers " of Jews .
Where does this come from ?
She says the Palestinians are an " artificial " people who can be collectively punished because they are " a terrorist population " .
She believes that while " individual Palestinians may deserve compassion , their cause amounts to Holocaust denial as a national project " .
Honest Reporting quotes Phillips as a model of reliable reporting .
These individuals spray accusations of anti-Semitism so liberally that by their standards , a majority of Jewish Israelis have anti-Semitic tendencies .
Dershowitz said Jimmy Carter 's decision to speak to the elected Hamas government " border[ed ] on anti-Semitism . "
A Ha'aretz poll last month found that 64 per cent of Israelis want their government to do just that .
As US President , Jimmy Carter showed his commitment to Israel by giving it more aid than anywhere else and brokering the only peace deal with an Arab regime the country has ever enjoyed .
He also wants to see a safe and secure Palestine alongside it – so last year he wrote a book called Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid .
It is a bland and factual canter through the major human rights reports .
There is nothing there you can't read in the mainstream Israeli press every day .
Carter 's comparison of life on the West Bank ( not within Israel ) to Apartheid South Africa is not new .
The West Bank is ruled in the interests of a small Jewish minority ; it is bisected by roads for the Jewish settlers from which Palestinians are banned .
The Israeli human rights group B'tselem says this " bears striking similarities to the racist Apartheid regime " .
Yet for repeating these facts in the US , Carter has widely called " a racist " .
Several universities have even refused to let the ex-President speak to their students .
These campus battles often succeed .
Norman Finkelstein is a political scientist in the US whose parents were both Jewish survivors of the Warsaw ghetto and the Nazi concentration camps .
They lost every blood relative .
He made his reputation exposing a hoax called From Time Immemorial by Joan Peters which claimed that Palestine was virtually empty when Zionist settlers arrived , and the people claiming to be Palestinians were mostly impostors who had come from local areas to cash in .
Finkelstein showed it to be scarred by falsified figures and gross misreading of sources .
From that moment on , he was smeared as an anti-Semite by those who had lauded the book .
But it was when Finkelstein revealed two years ago that Alan Dershowitz had , without acknowledgement , drawn wholesale from Peters ' hoax for his book The Case For Israel , that the worst began .
Dershowitz campaigned to make sure Finkelstein was denied tenure at his university .
He even claimed that Finkelstein 's mother – who made it through Maidenek and two slave - labour camps – had collaborated with the Nazis .
The campaign worked .
Finkelstein was let go by De Paul University , simply for speaking the truth .
Are the likes of Dershowitz and Phillips and Honest Reporting becoming more shrill because they can sense they are losing the argument ?
Liberal Jews – the majority – are now setting up rivals to the hard - right organisations they work with , because they believe this campaign of demonisation is damaging us all .
It damages the Palestinians , because it prevents honest discussion of their plight .
It damages the Israelis , because it pushes them further down an aggressive and futile path .
And it damages diaspora Jews , because it makes real anti-Semitism harder to deal with .
We need to look the witch - hunters in the eye and say , as Joseph Welch said to Joe McCarthy himself : " You 've done enough .
Have you no sense of decency , sir , at long last ?
H ave you left no sense of decency ? "
j.hari@independent.co.uk
The joy of English pronunciation
The Chaos by Gerard Nolst Trenité ( 1870 –1946 )
If your browser does not display the IPA part of Unicode correctly , here is a PDF version of the same thing .
The text
Dearest creature in creation
Studying English pronunciation ,
I will teach you in my verse
Sounds like corpse , corps , horse and worse .
I will keep you , Susy , busy ,
Make your head with heat grow dizzy ;
Tear in eye , your dress you 'll tear ;
Queer , fair seer , hear my prayer .
Pray , console your loving poet ,
Make my coat look new , dear , sew it !
Just compare heart , hear and heard ,
Dies and diet , lord and word .
Sword and sward , retain and Britain
( Mind the latter how it 's written ) .
Made has not the sound of bade ,
Say — said , pay — paid , laid but plaid .
Now I surely will not plague you
With such words as vague and ague ,
But be careful how you speak ,
Say : gush , bush , steak , streak , break , bleak ,
Previous , precious , fuchsia , via ,
Recipe , pipe , studding - sail , choir ;
Woven , oven , how and low ,
Script , receipt , shoe , poem , toe .
Say , expecting fraud and trickery :
Daughter , laughter and Terpsichore ,
Branch , ranch , measles , topsails , aisles ,
Missiles , similes , reviles .
Wholly , holly , signal , signing ,
Same , examining , but mining ,
Scholar , vicar , and cigar ,
Solar , mica , war and far .
From ‘ desire ’ : desirable — admirable from ‘ admire ’ ,
Lumber , plumber , bier , but brier ,
Topsham , brougham , renown , but known ,
Knowledge , done , lone , gone , none , tone ,
One , anemone , Balmoral ,
Kitchen , lichen , laundry , laurel .
Gertrude , German , wind and wind ,
Beau , kind , kindred , queue , mankind ,
Tortoise , turquoise , chamois - leather ,
Reading , Reading , heathen , heather .
This phonetic labyrinth
Gives moss , gross , brook , brooch , ninth , plinth .
Have you ever yet endeavoured
To pronounce revered and severed ,
Demon , lemon , ghoul , foul , soul ,
Peter , petrol and patrol ?
Billet does not end like ballet ;
Bouquet , wallet , mallet , chalet .
Blood and flood are not like food ,
Nor is mould like should and would .
Banquet is not nearly parquet ,
Which exactly rhymes with khaki .
Discount , viscount , load and broad ,
Toward , to forward , to reward ,
Ricocheted and crocheting , croquet ?
Right !
Your pronunciation 's OK .
Rounded , wounded , grieve and sieve ,
Friend and fiend , alive and live .
Is your R correct in higher ?
Keats asserts it rhymes Thalia .
Hugh , but hug , and hood , but hoot ,
Buoyant , minute , but minute .
Say abscission with precision ,
Now : position and transition ;
Would it tally with my rhyme
If I mentioned paradigm ?
Twopence , threepence , tease are easy ,
But cease , crease , grease and greasy ?
Cornice , nice , valise , revise ,
Rabies , but lullabies .
Of such puzzling words as nauseous ,
Rhyming well with cautious , tortious ,
You 'll envelop lists , I hope ,
In a linen envelope .
Would you like some more ?
You 'll have it !
Affidavit , David , davit .
To abjure , to perjure .
Sheik
Does not sound like Czech but ache .
Liberty , library , heave and heaven ,
Rachel , loch , moustache , eleven .
We say hallowed , but allowed ,
People , leopard , towed but vowed .
Mark the difference , moreover ,
Between mover , plover , Dover .
Leeches , breeches , wise , precise ,
Chalice , but police and lice ,
Camel , constable , unstable ,
Principle , disciple , label .
Petal , penal , and canal ,
Wait , surmise , plait , promise , pal ,
Suit , suite , ruin .
Circuit , conduit
Rhyme with ‘ shirk it ’ and ‘ beyond it ’ ,
But it is not hard to tell
Why it 's pall , mall , but Pall Mall .
Muscle , muscular , gaol , iron ,
Timber , climber , bullion , lion ,
Worm and storm , chaise , chaos , chair ,
Senator , spectator , mayor ,
Ivy , privy , famous ; clamour
Has the A of drachm and hammer .
Pussy , hussy and possess ,
Desert , but desert , address .
Golf , wolf , countenance , lieutenants
Hoist in lieu of flags left pennants .
Courier , courtier , tomb , bomb , comb ,
Cow , but Cowper , some and home .
‘ Solder , soldier !
Blood is thicker ’ ,
Quoth he , ‘ than liqueur or liquor ’ ,
Making , it is sad but true ,
In bravado , much ado .
Stranger does not rhyme with anger ,
Neither does devour with clangour .
Pilot , pivot , gaunt , but aunt ,
Font , front , wont , want , grand and grant .
Arsenic , specific , scenic ,
Relic , rhetoric , hygienic .
Gooseberry , goose , and close , but close ,
Paradise , rise , rose , and dose .
Say inveigh , neigh , but inveigle ,
Make the latter rhyme with eagle .
Mind !
Meandering but mean ,
Valentine and magazine .
And I bet you , dear , a penny ,
You say mani -( fold ) like many ,
Which is wrong .
Say rapier , pier ,
Tier ( one who ties ) , but tier .
Arch , archangel ; pray , does erring
Rhyme with herring or with stirring ?
Prison , bison , treasure trove ,
Treason , hover , cover , cove ,
Perseverance , severance .
Ribald
Rhymes ( but piebald does n't ) with nibbled .
Phaeton , paean , gnat , ghat , gnaw ,
Lien , psychic , shone , bone , pshaw .
Do n't be down , my own , but rough it ,
And distinguish buffet , buffet ;
Brood , stood , roof , rook , school , wool , boon ,
Worcester , Boleyn , to impugn .
Say in sounds correct and sterling
Hearse , hear , hearken , year and yearling .
Evil , devil , mezzotint ,
Mind the Z !
( A gentle hint . )
Now you need not pay attention
To such sounds as I do n't mention ,
Sounds like pores , pause , pours and paws ,
Rhyming with the pronoun yours ;
Nor are proper names included ,
Though I often heard , as you did ,
Funny rhymes to unicorn ,
Yes , you know them , Vaughan and Strachan .
No , my maiden , coy and comely ,
I do n't want to speak of Cholmondeley .
No .
Yet Froude compared with proud
Is no better than McLeod .
But mind trivial and vial ,
Tripod , menial , denial ,
Troll and trolley , realm and ream ,
Schedule , mischief , schism , and scheme .
Argil , gill , Argyll , gill .
Surely
May be made to rhyme with Raleigh ,
But you 're not supposed to say
Piquet rhymes with sobriquet .
Had this invalid invalid
Worthless documents ?
How pallid ,
How uncouth he , couchant , looked ,
When for Portsmouth I had booked !
Zeus ,
Thebes ,
Thales , Aphrodite ,
Paramour , enamoured , flighty ,
Episodes , antipodes ,
Acquiesce , and obsequies .
Please do n't monkey with the geyser ,
Do n't peel ' taters with my razor ,
Rather say in accents pure :
Nature , stature and mature .
Pious , impious , limb , climb , glumly ,
Worsted , worsted , crumbly , dumbly ,
Conquer , conquest , vase , phase , fan ,
Wan , sedan and artisan .
The TH will surely trouble you
More than R , CH or W .
Say then these phonetic gems :
Thomas , thyme , Theresa , Thames .
Thompson , Chatham , Waltham , Streatham ,
There are more but I forget 'em —
Wait !
I 've got it : Anthony ,
Lighten your anxiety .
The archaic word albeit
Does not rhyme with eight — you see it ;
With and forthwith , one has voice ,
One has not , you make your choice .
Shoes , goes , does .
Now first say : finger ;
Then say : singer , ginger , linger .
Real , zeal , mauve , gauze and gauge ,
Marriage , foliage , mirage , age ,
Hero , heron , query , very ,
Parry , tarry , fury , bury ,
Dost , lost , post , and doth , cloth , loth ,
Job , Job , blossom , bosom , oath .
Faugh , oppugnant , keen oppugners ,
Bowing , bowing , banjo - tuners
Holm you know , but noes , canoes ,
Puisne , truism , use , to use ?
Though the difference seems little ,
We say actual , but victual ,
Seat , sweat , chaste , caste , Leigh , eight , height ,
Put , nut , granite , and unite .
Reefer does not rhyme with deafer ,
Feoffer does , and zephyr , heifer .
Dull , bull , Geoffrey , George , ate , late ,
Hint , pint , senate , but sedate .
Gaelic , Arabic , pacific ,
Science , conscience , scientific ;
Tour , but our , dour , succour , four ,
Gas , alas , and Arkansas .
Say manoeuvre , yacht and vomit ,
Next omit , which differs from it
Bona fide , alibi
Gyrate , dowry and awry .
Sea , idea , guinea , area ,
Psalm , Maria , but malaria .
Youth , south , southern , cleanse and clean ,
Doctrine , turpentine , marine .
Compare alien with Italian ,
Dandelion with battalion ,
Rally with ally ; yea , ye ,
Eye , I , ay , aye , whey , key , quay !
Say aver , but ever , fever ,
Neither , leisure , skein , receiver .
Never guess — it is not safe ,
We say calves , valves , half , but Ralf .
Starry , granary , canary ,
Crevice , but device , and eyrie ,
Face , but preface , then grimace ,
Phlegm , phlegmatic , ass , glass , bass .
Bass , large , target , gin , give , verging ,
Ought , oust , joust , and scour , but scourging ;
Ear , but earn ; and ere and tear
Do not rhyme with here but heir .
Mind the O of off and often
Which may be pronounced as orphan ,
With the sound of saw and sauce ;
Also soft , lost , cloth and cross .
Pudding , puddle , putting .
Putting ?
Yes : at golf it rhymes with shutting .
Respite , spite , consent , resent .
Liable , but Parliament .
Seven is right , but so is even ,
Hyphen , roughen , nephew , Stephen ,
Monkey , donkey , clerk and jerk ,
Asp , grasp , wasp , demesne , cork , work .
A of valour , vapid vapour ,
S of news ( compare newspaper ) ,
G of gibbet , gibbon , gist ,
I of antichrist and grist ,
Differ like diverse and divers ,
Rivers , strivers , shivers , fivers .
Once , but nonce , toll , doll , but roll ,
Polish , Polish , poll and poll .
Pronunciation — think of Psyche ! —
Is a paling , stout and spiky .
Wo n't it make you lose your wits
Writing groats and saying ‘ grits ’ ?
It 's a dark abyss or tunnel
Strewn with stones like rowlock , gunwale ,
Islington , and Isle of Wight ,
Housewife , verdict and indict .
Do n't you think so , reader , rather ,
Saying lather , bather , father ?
Finally , which rhymes with enough ,
Though , through , bough , cough , hough , sough , tough ?
Hiccough has the sound of sup .
My advice is : GIVE IT UP !
Phonetic version ( British pronunciation )
ˌdɪəɹɪst ˈkɹiːʧəɹ ɪn kɹɪ .
ˈeɪʃn̩
ˌstʌdɪ.ɪŋ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ pɹəˌnʌnsɪ.ˈeɪʃn̩
ˌaɪ wɪl ˈtiːʧ jʊ ɪn maɪ ˈvɜːs
ˈsaʊndz laɪk ˈkɔːps ˈkɔː ˈhɔːs ənd ˈwɜːs
ˌaɪ wɪl ˈkiːp jʊ ˈsuːzɪ ˈbɪz ɪ
ˌmeɪk jə ˈhɛd wɪð ˈhiːt ɡɹəʊ ˈdɪz ɪ
ˈtɪəɹ ɪn ˌaɪ jə ˈdɹɛs wɪl ˈtɛ ə
ˈkwɪə ˌfɛə ˈsɪə ˈhɪə maɪ ˈpɹɛ ə
ˈpɹeɪ kənˈsəʊl jə ˈlʌvɪŋ ˈpəʊ .ɪt
ˈmeɪk maɪ ˈkəʊt ˌlʊk ˈnjuː ˌdɪə ˈsəʊ ɪt
ˌʤʌst kəmˈpɛ ə ˈhɑːt ˈhɪəɹ ənd ˈhɜːd
ˈdaɪz ənd ˈdaɪ .ət ˈlɔːd ənd ˈwɜːd
ˈsɔːd ənd ˈswɔːd ɹɪˈteɪn ənd ˈbɹɪtn ̩
ˈmaɪnd ðə ˈlætə ˌhaʊ ɪts ˈɹɪtn ̩
ˈmeɪd həz ˈnɒt ðə ˈsaʊnd əv ˈbæd
ˈseɪ ˈsɛd ˈpeɪ ˈpeɪd ˈleɪd bət ˈplæd
ˌnaʊ aɪ ˈʃɔːlɪ wɪl nɒt ˈpleɪɡ juː
ˌwɪð sʌʧ ˈwɜːdz æz ˈveɪɡ ənd ˈeɪɡju ː
ˌ bʌt bɪ ˈkɛ əfl̩ haʊ juː ˈspiːk
ˌseɪ ˈɡʌʃ ˈbʊʃ ˈsteɪk ˈstɹiːk ˈbɹeɪk ˈbliːk
ˈpɹiːvɪ .əs ˈpɹɛʃəs ˈfjuːshə ˈvaɪ . ə
ˈɹɛsəpɪ ˈpaɪp ˈstʌnsl̩ ˈkwaɪ . ə
ˈwəʊvn̩ ˈʌvn̩ ˈhaʊ ənd ˈləʊ
ˈskɹɪpt ɹɪˈsiːt ˈʃuː ˈpəʊ.ɪm ˈtəʊ
ˈseɪ ɪkˈspɛktɪŋ ˈfɹɔːd ənd ˈtɹɪkəɹ ɪ
ˈdɔːtə ˈlɑːftəɹ ˌænd tɜːpˈsɪkəɹɪ
ˈbɹɑːnʧ ˈɹɑːnʧ ˈmiːzl̩z ˈtɒpsl̩z ˈaɪlz
ˈmɪsaɪlz ˈsɪməlɪz ɹɪˈvaɪlz
ˈhəʊllɪ ˈhɒlɪ ˈsɪɡnl̩ ˈsaɪnɪ ŋ
ˈseɪm ɪɡˈzæmɪnɪŋ ˌ bʌt ˈmaɪnɪ ŋ
ˈskɒlə ˈvɪkəɹ ˌænd sɪˈɡɑ ː
ˈsəʊlə ˈmaɪkə ˈwɔːɹ ənd ˈfɑ ː
ˌ fɹɒm dɪˈzaɪ . ə dɪˈzaɪɹəbl̩ ˈædməɹəbl̩ fɹəm ədˈmaɪ . ə
ˈlʌmbə ˈplʌmə ˈbɪə bət ˈbɹaɪ . ə
ˈtɒpsəm ˈbɹuː .əm ɹɪˈnaʊn ˌbʌt ˈnəʊn
ˈnɒlɪʤ ˈdʌn ˈləʊn ˈɡɒn ˈnʌn ˈtəʊn
ˈwʌn əˈnɛmənɪ bælˈmɒɹəl
ˈkɪʧən ˈlaɪkən ˈlɔːndɹɪ ˈlɒɹəl
ˈɡɜːtɹuːd ˈʤɜːmən ˈwɪnd ənd ˈmaɪnd
ˈbəʊ ˈkaɪnd ˈkɪndɹəd ˈkjuː mænˈkaɪnd
ˈtɔːtəs ˈtɜːkwɔɪz ˈʃæmɪ ˌlɛ ð ə
ˈɹiːdɪŋ ˈɹɛdɪŋ ˈhiːðn̩ ˈhɛð ə
ˌðɪs fəˈnɛtɪk ˈlæbəɹɪnθ
ˌɡɪvz ˈmɒs ˈɡɹəʊs ˈbɹʊk ˈbɹəʊʧ ˈnaɪnθ ˈplɪn θ
ˈhæv jʊ ˈɛvə jɛt ɪnˈdɛvəd
tə pɹəˈnaʊns ɹɪˈvɪəd ənd ˈsɛvəd
ˈdiːmən ˈlɛmən ˈɡuːl ˈfaʊl ˈsəʊl
ˈpiːtə ˈpɛtɹəl ˌænd pəˈtɹəʊl
ˈbɪlɪt dʌz ˈnɒt ˌɛnd laɪk ˈbæle ɪ
bʊˈkeɪ ˈwɒlɪt ˈmælɪt ˈʃæle ɪ
ˈblʌd ənd ˈflʌd ɑː ˈnɒt laɪk ˈfuːd
ˌnɔːɹ ɪz ˈməʊld laɪk ˈʃʊd ənd ˈwʊd
ˈbæŋkwɪt ɪz ˌnɒt ˈnɪəlɪ ˈpɑːke ɪ
ˌwɪʧ ɪɡˈzæktlɪ ˈɹaɪmz wɪð ˈkɑːk ɪ
ˈdɪskaʊnt ˈvaɪkaʊnt ˈləʊd ənd ˈbɹɔːd
ˈtəʊ.ədd tə ˈfɔːwəd tə ɹɪˈwɔːd
ˈɹɪkəʃeɪd ˌænd ˈkɹəʊʃeɪɪŋ ˈkɹəʊk ɪ
ˈɹaɪt jə pɹəˌnʌns ɪ. ˈeɪʃn̩z əʊˈkeɪ
ˈɹaʊndɪd ˈwuːndɪd ˈɡɹiːv ənd ˈsɪv
ˈfɹɛnd ənd ˈfiːnd əˈlaɪv ənd ˈlɪv
Phonetic version ( American pronunciation )
ˌdɪɹɪst ˈkɹiːʧəɹ ɪn kɹi .
ˈeːʃn̩
ˌstʌɾi.ɪŋ ˈɪŋɡlɪ ʃ pɹəˌnʌnsi.ˈeːʃn̩
ˌaɪ wɪl ˈtiːʧ ju ɪn maɪ ˈvɝs
ˈsaʊndz laɪk ˈkɔːɹps ˈkɔːɹ ˈhɔːɹs ənd ˈwɝs
ˌaɪ wɪl ˈkiːp ju ˈsuːzi ˈbɪzi
ˌmeːk jɚ ˈhɛd wɪθ ˈhiːt ɡɹoː ˈdɪzi
ˈtɪɹ ɪn ˌaɪ jɚ ˈdɹɛs wɪl ˈtɛ ɹ
ˈkwɪɹ ˌfɛɹ ˈsɪɹ ˈhɪɹ maɪ ˈpɹɛ ɹ
ˈpɹeː kənˈsoːl jɚ ˈlʌvɪŋ ˈpoː .
ət
ˈmeːk maɪ ˈkoːt ˌlʊk ˈnuː ˌdɪɹ ˈsoː ɪt
ˌʤʌst kəmˈpɛɹ ˈhɑːɹt ˈhɪɹ ənd ˈhɝd
ˈdaɪz ənd ˈdaɪ .ət ˈlɔːɹd ənd ˈwɝd
ˈsɔːɹd ənd ˈswɔːɹd ɹɪˈteːn ənd ˈbɹɪtn ̩
ˈmaɪnd ðə ˈlæɾɚ ˌhaʊ ɪts ˈɹɪtn ̩
ˈmeːd həz ˈnɑːt ðə ˈsaʊnd əv ˈbæd
ˈseː ˈsɛd ˈpeː ˈpeːd ˈleːd bət ˈplæd
ˌnaʊ aɪ ˈʃʊɹli wɪl nɑːt ˈpleːɡ juː
ˌwɪθ sʌʧ ˈwɝdz æz ˈveːɡ ənd ˈeːɡjuː
ˌ bʌt bi ˈkɛɹfl̩ haʊ juː ˈspiːk
ˌseː ˈɡʌʃ ˈbʊʃ ˈsteːk ˈstɹiːk ˈbɹeːk ˈbliːk
ˈpɹiːvi .əs ˈpɹɛʃəs ˈfjuːshə ˈvaɪ . ə
ˈɹɛsəpi ˈpaɪp ˈstʌnsl̩ ˈkwaɪ . ɚ
ˈwoːvn̩ ˈʌvn̩ ˈhaʊ ənd ˈlo ː
ˈskɹɪpt ɹɪˈsiːt ˈʃuː ˈpoː .əm ˈtoː
ˈseː ɪkˈspɛktɪŋ ˈfɹɔːd ənd ˈtɹɪkəɹi
ˈdɔːɾɚ ˈlæftəɹ ˌænd tɝpˈsɪkəɹi
ˈbɹænʧ ˈɹænʧ ˈmiːzl̩z ˈtɑːpsl̩z ˈaɪlz
ˈmɪsaɪlz ˈsɪməliz ɹɪˈvaɪlz
ˈhoːlli ˈhɑːli ˈsɪɡnl̩ ˈsaɪnɪ ŋ
ˈseːm ɪɡˈzæmɪnɪŋ ˌ bʌt ˈmaɪnɪ ŋ
ˈskɑːlɚ ˈvɪkəɹ ˌænd sɪˈɡɑː ɹ
ˈsoːlɚ ˈmaɪkə ˈwɔːɹ ənd ˈfɑː ɹ
ˌ fɹʌm dɪˈzaɪ . ɚ dɪˈzaɪɹəbl̩ ˈædməɹəbl̩ fɹəm ədˈmaɪ .ɚ
ˈlʌmbɚ ˈplʌmɚ ˈbɪɹ bət ˈbɹaɪ . ɚ
ˈtɑːpsəm ˈbɹuː .əm ɹɪˈnaʊn ˌbʌt ˈnoːn
ˈnɑːlɪʤ ˈdʌn ˈloːn ˈɡɔːn ˈnʌn ˈtoːn
ˈwʌn əˈnɛməni bælˈmɔːɹəl
ˈkɪʧən ˈlaɪkən ˈlɔːndɹi ˈlɔːɹəl
ˈɡɝtɹuːd ˈʤɝmən ˈwɪnd ənd ˈmaɪnd
ˈboː ˈkaɪnd ˈkɪndɹəd ˈkjuː mænˈkaɪnd
ˈtɔːɹɾəs ˈtɝkwɔɪz ˈʃæmi ˌlɛðɚ
ˈɹiːdɪŋ ˈɹɛdɪŋ ˈhiːðn̩ ˈhɛð ɚ
ˌðɪs fəˈnɛɾɪk ˈlæbəɹɪnθ
ˌɡɪvz ˈmɑːs ˈɡɹoːs ˈbɹʊk ˈbɹoːʧ ˈnaɪnθ ˈplɪn θ
ˈhæv ju ˈɛvɚ jɛt ɪnˈdɛvɚd
tə pɹəˈnaʊns ɹɪˈvɪɹd ənd ˈsɛvɚd
ˈdiːmən ˈlɛmən ˈɡuːl ˈfaʊl ˈsoːl
ˈpiːɾɚ ˈpɛtɹəl ˌænd pəˈtɹoːl
ˈbɪlət dʌz ˈnɑːt ˌɛnd laɪk bæˈle ː
buˈkeː ˈwɑːlət ˈmælɪt ʃæˈle ː
ˈblʌd ənd ˈflʌd ɑːɹ ˈnɑːt laɪk ˈfuːd
ˌnɔːɹ ɪz ˈmoːld laɪk ˈʃʊd ənd ˈwʊd
ˈbæŋkwɪt ɪz ˌnɑːt ˈnɪɹli pɑːɹˈke ː
ˌʍɪʧ ɪɡˈzæktli ˈɹaɪmz wɪθ ˈkæki
ˈdɪskaʊnt ˈvaɪkaʊnt ˈloːd ənd ˈbɹɔːd
ˈtɔːɹd tə ˈfɔːɹwɚd tə ɹɪˈwɔːɹd
ˈɹɪkəʃeːd ˌænd kɹoːˈʃeːɪŋ kɹoːˈke ː
ˈɹaɪt jɚ pɹəˌnʌnsi. ˈeːʃn̩z oːˈkeː
ˈɹaʊndɪd ˈwuːndɪd ˈɡɹiːv ənd ˈsɪv
ˈfɹɛnd ənd ˈfiːnd əˈlaɪv ənd ˈlɪv
Last modified : $ Date : 2002/06/17 22:41:52 $
While the rest of the world wastes precious mindshare on the latest ' kiss and tell ' , self - help , and ' Asian Century ' books , those of us in contact with the real world can enjoy some excellent summer reading with two new entrants in the Global Guerrillas genre .
Both will provide great ideation .
REINVENTING COLLAPSE by Dmitry Orlov
NOTE : Dmitry graciously sent me a PDF of his book 's early manuscript so I was able to provide some feedback .
Thanks !
Reinventing Collapse makes three points :
The similarities between the US and the USSR , as countries that distorted their political and economic systems to become global superpowers , were / are greater than the differences .
The implication is that the US will suffer a fate similar to the USSR : economic , political , and social collapse .
A comparison of the US and USSR 's economic and social systems reveals that at a deep level , the US is much less resilient than the USSR .
This implies that a collapse of the US will be substantially worse than the experience of the Soviet Union .
A series of insights on how to survive the collapse of a superpower ( this is my favorite section ) .
McMAFIA by Misha Glenny
Glenny dutifully documents , in exquisite detail , the rise of transnational criminal organizations in every global region .
Simple formula : morally neutral global economic platform + economic / social distress = the rapid proliferation and unabated growth of transnational criminal organizations .
The book is an excellent read and a natural compliment / backgrounder to Brave New War 's analysis .
Without a fundamental revision of global governance ( not very likely ) , we will soon become very familiar with local variants of the stories he documents .
It 's Friday , the day when you should reward yourself with at least one internet video at work with the sound turned up .
Screw your judgmental co-workers .
The only problem is , what video should you choose ?
Without careful consideration of the media at hand , you could be Rickrolled , or even worse , think you are watching the behind - the - scenes of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue only to waste it on some guy eating potato chips for 10 minutes .
Advertisement
Fret not , friends .
We have your Friday video after the jump .
It 's a NERF office war of epic proportions .
And it 's the best ( SFW ) thing we 've seen online in a while .
Click to view
Told you .
[ via ohgizmo ]
Here is the quick notes from the session Scaling MySQL – Up or Out ?
moderated by Kaj Arno as part of the todays keynote .
Here is the list of panelists are ordered by Alexa ranking .
Monty Taylor ( MySQL ) Matt Ingerenthron ( Sun ) John Allspaw ( Flickr ) Farhan Mashraqi ( Fotolog ) Domas Mituzas ( Wkipedia ) Jeff Rotheschild ( Facebook ) Paul Tuckfield ( YouTube )
Here is the list of questions and answers from panelists :
Â How many servers Number of DBAs
How many web servers Number of caching servers Version of MySQL Language , platform Operating System MySQL 1 M , 3 S 1/10 2 2 5.1.23 Perl , php and bash Linux fedora Sun 2 clustered , 2 individual 1.5 160 + 8 5.0.21 Lots of stuff ( java mostly ) Open Solaris Flickr 166 At present 0 244 14 5.0.51 Php and some Java Linux Fotolog 140 databases on 37 instances 10 instances a DBA 70 40 ( 2 on each , 80 total ) 4.11 and 4.4 Php , 90 % Java Solaris 10 Wikipedia 20 None , but everybody is kind of aÂ DBA 70+200 40 ( 2 on each , 80 total ) Â Php , c++ , python Fedora / Ubuntu Facebook 30000 databases , 1800 db servers 2 1200 805 5.0.44 with relay log corruption patch Php , python , c++ and erlang Fedora / RHEL Youtube I can not say 3 I can not say I can not say 5.0.24 Python SuSE 9
Few more misc questions …
Number of times re-architected ?
My : 2 times – 1 time slave , 1 time memcached
SN : site depend ( many times over the year )
FR : 2.5 ( various clusters federated )
FL : many cached replacements ( about to do one change now )
WK : Never ( Spaghetti )
FB : Every Tuesday , continual
YT : Pretty continual , 2 - 3 times ( replication , sharding , federation )
What happens if server fails ?
what actions you will generally take ..
FR : All of our servers are federated , pairs of servers , we can loose any one side of shard , we can loose boxes .. traffic goes to either side of shard , now it goes to one , and we will get another one ( very transparent to user )
WK : Users shout at them on IRC then they moderate … fixed in seconds
FB : one of 1800 - 1900 will always fail , just operate well , minor impact , with data going away for a while …we restore from binlog and start the server quickly , promote slave to master and number of ways
FL : we simply mount the snapshots to different servers and get
YT : SAN etc , very important data .. recover the server , mirrored disk … mirrored hard drive is crucial
Any recommendation of scaling technology that you wanted to bring
FL : UltraSPARC -T1 ( excellent master , multi threaded ) and UltraSPARC - T2 for slave ( single threaded )
WK : good network switch
FB : cheap switch causes problems and learned lessons , we do not use SAN , neatly partitioned , they scale independently and fail independently
MY : cluster very sad
Server virtualization ?
nobody uses at this time
FB : ETL cluster , we may run more than one in the future
Anything to worry at present ?
FB : app design is the key to use resources , data center power supply and consumption
FL : Google has to approve for our lab power ( cut app servers by 1 / 2 by moving from php to java )
YT : not at all
Any reco , lessons to DBA
better you know what the systems are , then you can
performance , scaling taking it serious
nothing more permanent than temp solutions ( if you do n’t know when you will fail , then you will )
architect properly in start , schema , cost of serving data
With the price of gas these days , it 's no wonder people are skittish when it comes to mowing lawns .
What 's more , gas - powered mowers have been shown to pollute up to 7 times as much as vehicles .
Sure , you could go get a manual mower and get some exercise , but why do that when you can convert your gas - powered mower into an electric one ?
This modification takes you through three steps to do just that , including : removing the engine and installing an electric replacement , converting the engine to one powered by solar panels , and installing the solar panel .
Expect conversion costs to run around $ 1,500 .
Of course , you could always just buy a Huskvarna and skip all this tomfoolery .
This from today ’s Globe and Mail – Canadian house prices dropped in June for the first time in nine years :
Canadian home prices fell in June for the first time since January , 1999 , as the number of houses for sale remained at record levels .
The average price of an existing home fell 0.4 per cent in June to $ 341,096 , compared with $ 342,615 the year before , according to statistics released Tuesday by the Canadian Real Estate Association ( CREA ) .
“ The fall in home prices …is a sizable dip in this indicator , given that not too long ago the Canadian housing market was witnessing double - digit price gains , ” Millan Mulraine , economic strategist at TD Securities Inc. , said in a research note .
Of the 25 major markets included in the statistics , average home prices declined on a year - over - year basis in Calgary , Edmonton , Victoria and Windsor - Essex .
The largest decline of 2.6 per cent was in Edmonton , while the smallest was in Windsor - Essex at 0.5 per cent .
Last month , BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. economist Douglas Porter raised the possibility of an overall drop in home prices in Canada .
Most industry watchers have stayed with the view that home prices will rise slightly this year .
In June , Mr. Porter said it was “ unnerving ” to note that Canada ’s housing market performance appears to be tracking that of the U.S. but with a two - year lag , although he also sees a number of differences between the two markets .
He said he was tracking prices in the “ middle ground , ” cities such as Toronto , Montreal and Ottawa , which still have fairly robust economic fundamentals but have n’t been supercharged by the commodities boom .
Prices in those cities all rose moderately year - over - year in June , up 3.7 per cent in Toronto , 4 per cent in Montreal and 6.8 per cent in Ottawa .
The Canadian and U.S. markets are still very different , CREA president Calvin Lindberg said in a statement .
U.S. home prices dropped by 14.1 per cent in the first quarter of the year , according to the benchmark Case - Shiller national home price index .
What Is Forth
> (+ 1 2 )
3
> 1 2 +
3
> (/ (+ 27 18 ) (* 3 3 ) )
5
> 27 18 + 3 3 * /
5
> 1 2 + ( results in 3 on the stack )
: square
DUP * ;
: rework - % ( add - ) { url } base @ >r hex
0 url $ @len 0 ?DO
url $ @ drop I + c@ dup '% = IF
drop 0 . url $ @ I 1 + / string
2 min dup >r > number r> swap - >r 2drop
ELSE 0 >r THEN over url $ @ drop + c!
1 +
r> 1 + +LOOP url $!
len
r > base ! ;
: WASHER WASH SPIN RINSE SPIN ;
: RINSE FAUCETS OPEN TILL - FULL FAUCETS CLOSE ;
Forth Basics
: breakfast
hurried ?
if cereal else eggs then clean ;
Factoring
: sum - of - squares dup * swap dup * + ;
: squared dup * ;
: sum - of - squares squared swap squared + ;
Immediate Words ( The Macros of Forth )
Forths I Have Known
So Why the Comparisons to Lisp ?
Lisp has been constantly touted as a language that any self respecting coder must learn .
The proponent 's of Lisp have every right to make the claims that they do .
From the prospect of stretching your mind Lisp actually is as good as they say it is .
Lisp is a principle member of a small , elite group of languages , the use of which really causes a fundamental change in the way people think about programming and system design .
However , it is not the only member of this group .
The group includes at least one other language , Forth .
Forth is just as mind bendy , introspective and universal as Lisp but it does n't tend to get the same amount of press as its older brethren .
Well , I intend to change that .
At least for the small corner of the world that reads this column .
I know that as soon as I mentioned the F word ( Forth that is ;) a general groan went up from those of you that have some experience with it .
Do n't worry , groaners , I feel your pain .
However , take a couple of aspirin sit back and listen to me for a bit and you might gain a different prospective on the language .
For those of you not familiar with the language , the reason for the groaning will become obvious as our story progresses .
I had given some thought to going about and gathering up all of the ' quotes ' that people use to promulgate Lisp and then justifying them for forth .
After thinking about it , I decided to take a slightly different tack .
I went this other route mostly because Bill Clementson has already done most of the gathering work for me and also because I think that you 're smart enough to draw correlations without me beating you over the head with them .
So take a couple of minutes , pop over Bill 's site and read the quotes .
Do n't worry , I 'll wait .
Back so soon ?
good .
Forth is a language that takes a wildly different tack then any other language out there .
It was initially developed by Charles Moore at the US National Radio Astronomy Observatory in the early 1970s .
Back in the early sixties , while working for the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory Mr. Moore found a need for a little bit more dynamisim then he had had in the past .
To that end he put together a little interpreter intended to control a punch reader .
By using this interpreter he could compose different equations for tracking satellites without recompiling the entire system .
This was no small feat for the time .
Mr. Moore , like any good hacker , took his interpreter with him when he left that job .
He carried it around for the next five or ten years constantly tweeking it .
By 1968 it was finished enough to build up a little game called SpaceWar as well as pretty nifty Chess system .
This version of the language was the first to be called ' Forth ' .
This early evolution and constant tweaking produced a fairly interesting language .
A forth program is simply a series of tokens , called words , and two stacks .
The stacks represent the main data stack and the return stack .
For right now we will ignore the return stack and talk about the data stack .
To give you comparitive examples , lets look at an operation in Lisp and Forth .
The Lisp version is perfectly recognizable to just about anyone .
It just adds two numbers together .
In Forth , it goes as follows .
A more complex exampleIn Forth , it goes as follows .
If you have been exposed to some of the old TI calculators or even Postscript you may be able to tell whats going on here .
Each number as it appears gets pushed onto the explicit data stack .
The '+ ' words ( and words they are ) take exactly two numbers off the stack and replace them with the value resulting from there addition .
So what we get on terms is .
This explicit stack is the way all data is handled in Forth , everything .
You may remember that I said everything is a token .
Thats absolutly correct .
Forth reads each token and looks it up in a special dictionary that is used to store references to words .
We create entries in that dictionary as follows .
The colon is an immediate word ( read macro ) that reads ahead one word in the token stream and uses that word to create a new entry in the system dictionary .
It then reads ahead until it finds a semi-colon ' ;' which it uses to indicate the close of the word .
It then compiles the intervening tokens into references to words .
It is as simple as that .
' Hold on , Hold on ! ' you say .
' You said everything was tokens in a forth system , are n't these special ' .
Nope , I did n't lead you astray .
The colon and semi-colon are n't special at all and can be overwritten and changed at any point you like .
The are examples of Forths powerful macro facility in which you can create syntax for a language that essentially has none .
This is a powerful concept that Lisp shares .
As Paul Graham says you can use this to build up your language to the system instead of the other way around .
Of course , there is a downside .
Any time you give the programmer extreme flexibility someone is going to abuse it .
For example take a look at this example from a Forth library in the wild .
Granted I have taken away the context , but you begin to understand the impetus behind those groans you heard a short while ago .
Forth is one of the most flexible languages available , but the very flexibility that makes it interesting also makes it dangerous .
It takes diligence on the part of the programmer to write really clean and maintainable code .
However , if the coder does take that care he can write imminently readable and maintainable code .
Take a look at the following examples that appeared in Starting Forth by Leo Brodie .
You can get a good feel for whats going on even without knowing the context .
So doing Forth well or not is entirely in the hands of the coder , that 's why the Forth experience varies so much .
That 's why Forth is a Language for Smart People .
I have the very good luck of owning a copy of the book Thinking Forth .
This is one of those books that you should add to your library even if you never intend to write a single line of Forth code .
It has a huge amount of great insight onto coding and system design in general , though you probably do n't want to use it as your first introduction to Forth .
In any case , I am going to be borrowing some topics and examples from that book to see us on our way .
The above example illustrates the fundamental building block of every Forth system , the word .
This specific example is whats called a colon definition .
Its how you define a word in Forth .
Basically the colon ':' in an immediate word ( think macros operating on the word stream ) that takes the very next word and creates an entry in the dictionary based on that word .
It then reads all the words up to the semi-colon ' ;' that tells it to stop .
For each word it encounters it looks up the position in the dictionary and puts that location in the code stream .
Of course , in this case we have the if immediate word that takes control for a little while before handing it back .
So what specifically might be going on here .
In this case , hurried ?
probably looks at some parameter in the system to decide if haste is in order and puts a boolean on the stack .
' If ' is an immediate word that compiles to a jump based on the ' else ' and ' then ' words .
You can probably figure out what it does from here .
This , admittedly simplistic , example does illustrate a few of the special characteristics of Forth .
Most notably , the stack , words , and use of immediate words .
Long before any one had ever heard of Agile Methodologies or Extreme Programing the idea of factoring was already hard at work in the Forth community .
The idea of constantly looking at code , breaking up functions and generally simplifying the systems in a foundational concept in Forth .
In fact it 's taken to something of an extreme .
Words are a huge part of Forth systems and the factoring process .
For example , consider the following word which finds the sum of squares of two integers :
The Stack inputs to the word at run -time are two integers .
The Stack output is a single integer .
By the process of factoring , the example would be re-written in Forth using a new definition called ' squared ' to allow sharing the common work of duplicating and multiplying a number .
The first version was overly complex and illustrated the notorious line noise aspect of Forth .
Fortunately , by factoring the system we can make a much more readable and understandable system .
Good Forth programmers strive to write programs containing very short ( often one - line ) , well - named word definitions and reused factored code segments .
The ability to pick just the right name for a word is a prized talent .
Factoring is so important that it is common for a Forth program to have more subroutine calls than stack operations .
Writing a Forth program is equivalent to extending the language to include all functions needed to implement an application .
Therefore , programming in Forth may be thought of as creating a Domain Specific Language .
As Lispers well know , this paradigm , when coupled with a very quick edit / compile / test cycle , seems to significantly increase productivity .
In comparison with more main stream languages , Forth 's compiler is completely backwards .
Most traditional compilers are huge programs designed to translate any foreseeable , legal combination of available operators into machine language .
In Forth , however , most of the work of compilation is done by a single definition , only a few lines long .
As I have said before , special structures like conditionals and loops are not compiled by the compiler but by the words being compiled ( IF , DO , etc . )
You may recognize this sort of thing from Lisp and it 's macro system .
Defining new , specialized compilers is as easy as defining any other word , as you will soon see .
As you know , When you 've got an extensible compiler , you 've got a very powerful language !
There are a couple of new Forths out there that are breaking with the Forth tradition somewhat and innovating in this area .
One that I especially like is Factor .
It 's a very minimal but consistent for with some modern ideas like garbage collection , CLOS like object system , strait forward higher order functions , etc .
This forth kind of bridges the gap between Lisp and Forth .
A good traditional forth is Gforth .
Its reasonably fast , reasonably stable and implements the full ANSI spec .
You really can't go wrong with gforth if you want a good forth that will stand the test of time .
If you just want an easy , interesting forth that will run just about anywhere I suggest you take a look at Ficl .
Its ANSI compliant Forth written with in C as a subroutine threaded interpreter .
It is stupid simple and about as robust as you can get .
This is a really nice forth to start you tinkering with .
Now if you want a Forth that is really stretching the bounds of what is possible and desirable take a look at Chuck Moore 's latest Forth , Color Forth .
It 's the only language that I know of where color ( yes , color ) actually has semantic meaning .
That the custom 25 core chip that color forth is designed to run show the Mr. Moore is really pushing the boundaries .
It 's worth while taking a bit of time exploring ColorForth just because of it's divergence from mainstream .
I think that many more people have had some exposure to Lisp then Forth .
Because , Lisp and forth share so much ' meta ' philosophy , I thought it would be beneficial to draw comparisons between Lisp and Forth .
You will have to be the judge of whether this was a successful approach or not .
It took just a few months after the United States ’ invasion of Iraq for the world to find out that Saddam Hussein had long abandoned his nuclear , biological and chemical weapons programs .
He was not training terrorists or colluding with Al Qaeda .
The only real threat he posed was to his own countrymen .
It has taken five years to finally come to a reckoning over how much the Bush administration knowingly twisted and hyped intelligence to justify that invasion .
On Thursday  after years of Republican stonewalling  a report by the Senate Intelligence Committee gave us as good a set of answers as we ’re likely to get .
The report shows clearly that President Bush should have known that important claims he made about Iraq did not conform with intelligence reports .
In other cases , he could have learned the truth if he had asked better questions or encouraged more honest answers .
The report confirms one serious intelligence failure : President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and other administration officials were told that Iraq still had chemical and biological weapons and did not learn that these reports were wrong until after the invasion .
But Mr. Bush and his team made even that intelligence seem more solid , more recent and more dangerous than it was .
File Not Found
The page you requested was not found .
You may have requested an outdated page or linked from an outside website to an incorrect page .
BikeReg
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
two million dollar baby
Despite using protection , my girlfriend has fallen pregnant .
We 're both only 19 and at the start of our university lives .
The cost of raising a child in this world is just too expensive , but we do n't want to abort .
Adoption is NOT an option .
If we can't raise TWO MILLION US DOLLARS by JUNE 30 , 2008 - We have no choice but to ABORT our BABY .
Desperate times call for desperate measures .
Can you HELP ?
[ digg- reddit - me ]
The political cartoon by David Horsey of the Seattle Post - Intelligencer currently making the rounds ( h/t Andrew Sullivan ) :
For all those who laughed when they saw this ( like me ) but are offended by the Obama New Yorker cover ( unlike me ) – how do you justify the differing responses ?
My position is that I agree with the popular reddit post yesterday citing Donklephant :
That New Yorker cover is clearly satire .
We ca n’t get offended every two minutes .
It ’s not healthy .
Is anyone offended by the New Yorker cover but appreciative of this faux National Review cover ?
Update : Lenny Bruce wisely observed :
Satire is tragedy plus time .
You give it enough time , the public , the reviewers will allow you to satirize it .
Which is rather ridiculous , when you think about it .
This does n’t excuse the double standard that I see as the only explanation for not being offended at both or by either picture – but it does offer an explanation as to why this is considered more offensive now than it might be otherwise .
Updated again :
One thing , upon reflection , that differentiates the two cartoons is that David Horsey ’s cartoon has the virtue of merely exaggerating the truth while the New Yorker cover is based on outright lies .
Still – I feel that this makes the depiction of McCain more damaging than the ridiculous depiction of Obama .
Like Loading ...
McALLEN , Texas ( AP ) 
Even though small independent baseball leagues notoriously try to draw fans with promotions like " vasectomy night " and " midget wrestling , " these two teams had good reason to swap a right - handed pitcher for 10 bats .
The Calgary Vipers of the Golden Baseball League could n't get newly signed pitcher John Odom into Canada for immigration reasons .
And the Laredo Broncos of the United League were willing to take a cheap gamble on a pitcher .
Oh , and the Vipers really , really wanted some new bats .
And so Odom , about a month after being acquired by a Canadian team , found himself Tuesday on the roster of a team on the Mexican border .
All for the price of 10 Prairie Sticks Maple Bats , double - dipped black 34 - inch C243 style .
" They just wanted some bats , good bats — maple bats , " Broncos General Manager Jose Melendez said Friday .
According to the Prairie Sticks website , their maple bats retail for $ 69 apiece , discounted to $ 65.50 for purchases of six to 11 bats .
The Vipers had signed Odom , but it seems Odom had a " minor , " but unspecified , criminal record that he did not reveal to immigration officials before they scanned his passport , Vipers President Peter Young said .
Calgary found the Broncos were willing to take Odom , but the Vipers were n't interested in any of the Laredo players .
Plus , it would have cost Calgary $ 1,000 to fly any new player in from Laredo .
Laredo offered cash , but Young said that was " an insult . "
The bat trade was n't the first time Calgary tried some creative deal - making .
The Vipers once tried to acquire a pitcher for 1,500 blue seats when they were renovating their field , Young said .
As for Odom — who did not immediately return a call for comment — he 's scheduled to be activated Monday .
And he 'll get his first start Wednesday , Melendez said .
" It will be interesting to see what 10 bats gets us , " he said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Enlarge By Pablo Alcala , Herald - Leader via AP Connie Mitchell pushes her mother Florence Mitchell , 89 , outside Kenton Healthcare , a nursing home in Lexington , Ky. , which is displacing about 120 residents because the facility failed to respond to state inspectors ' citations .
Life expectancies are shorter in Appalachia and the Deep South , research finds .
YOU CLICKED : WEEK'S MOST POPULAR HEALTH STORIES YOU CLICKED : WEEK'S MOST POPULAR HEALTH STORIES 1 : Feds rate U.S. nursing homes 2 : Doctors detail first U.S. face transplant 3 : Surgeon finds foot in newborn 's brain tumor 4 : Nursing homes talk new ratings 5 : Colonoscopy prep pills carry kidney risk 6 : Duggars welcome 18th child No. 7 - 10 : Diabetes drug risks , placebo effect THE GAP WIDENS IN LIFE EXPECTANCY THE GAP WIDENS IN LIFE EXPECTANCY Improvement in life expectancy in the USA has been uneven .
Comparisonof men and women in counties with the highest life expectancy vs. counties with the lowest : Average life expectancy Men Women Year 1983 1999 1983 1999 Best - off counties 74.71 78.67 81.28 83.03 Worst - off counties 65.71 67.63 74.54 75.51 Gap ( in years ) 9.0 11.04 6.74 7.52 Source : Online non-profit journal the Public Library of Science While most Americans enjoyed a clear jump in life expectancy from 1960 to 2000 , a startling number — especially women — living primarily in the Deep South and in Appalachia actually saw a drop in life spans beginning in 1983 , says a study that came out Monday .
In sum , where you live makes a difference in how long you can expect to live .
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health and the University of Washington found that 4 % of the male population and 19 % of the female population experienced either declines or stagnation in their life expectancy in the ' 80s and '90s .
The paper appears in the online non-profit journal The Public Library of Science .
BETTER LIFE : Health news and wellness tips
Most counties with the worst downward swings were in the Deep South , along the Mississippi River , and in Appalachia , extending into the southern portion of the Midwest and into Texas .
While race and poverty explain some of the disparity , they do n't account for all of it , says Majid Ezzati , an associate professor at the Harvard School of Public Health and lead author .
Researchers found contributing causes : an increase in diabetes , cancers and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , illnesses often caused and exacerbated by smoking and obesity .
While more research needs to be done on causes of the disparity , Ezzati hopes it will prompt some " pretty serious discussion at the national , state and arguably county level " about how to reach people in affected communities .
Researchers have long known that generally wealthier and better - educated communities have longer life spans than those that are worse off .
But many also thought that all communities were steadily improving .
That was n't the case .
From 1983 to 1999 , the gap between men living in the best - and worst - off counties widened from nine to 11 years .
The gap for women widened from 6.7 to 7.5 years .
" The worse off are getting worse , " Ezzati says .
" There 's just more inequality . "
It 's not the type of inequality that one would expect in the United States , says Richard Suzman of the National Institute on Aging .
" One generally associates declines in life expectancy with Russia and the USSR after the fall … and countries in Africa in the midst of wars , etc . " Suzman says .
" The fact that life expectancy has actually declined in quite a few counties is quite surprising . "
The declines should not just worry those living in the places affected , says James Marks of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
They " should worry us all .
These counties may be the canary in the coal mine ( indicating ) the deterioration in the U.S. health standing relative to the rest of the world . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Get global and national news updates .
Find up - to - date entertainment news .
Access real - time news and weather updates .
Access Breaking News
& update your Homepage and New Tab Page search to MyWay.com
TM
All The Top Stories - FREE
Get the latest national & international news right from your browser .
Get the latest headlines from the New York Times® , AP® , BBC ® and more !
Live News & Weather Reports
Stay informed with live news from all over the world .
Get local weather alerts right on your browser .
and may be presented with an additional Ask default search offer .
By installing the extension , you agree to the EULA and Privacy Policy and may be presented with an additional Ask default search offer .
There was a Microsoft Tech Support guy who joined the Army .
He was hopeless on the firing range with a pistol .
He shot a whole clip and never even hit the target .
The Drill Instructor was not happy with his performance , and informed him of this .
The Tech Support guy went back to his position , reloaded , put his fingertip over the end of the barrel , and pulled the trigger , which , of course , neatly removed the end of his finger .
' Well , ' he said to the D.I. , clutching his finger , 'it 's coming out of the gun all right .
It must be a problem on your end . '
While most of us wonder why planes are n't built of the crash - proof " black box " flight recorder material , one modder has requisitioned a black box of his own to use as a PC case .
While the package itself is quite large ( and disappointingly red ) , the interior is so cramped that only a Mini-ITX motherboard could fit inside , running Slackware Linux on a 800MHz Via C3 .
But have you ever seen the inside of a black box before ?
Advertisement
That padding ?
It 's not fluffy down .
From the modder :
To clear out the storage half , I used a large auger bit and a drill .
I also occasionally soaked the asbestos to help keep it from finding its way into my lungs .
I started to question whether this mod was worth lung cancer , then decided it was .
Advertisement
( Ed note : we 'd make a joke about death here , but were the modder to actually die of lung cancer , we 'd feel like douches for the rest of our lives .
So pardon our restraint . ) [ brettsprojects via technabob ]
Virginia Tech 's Center for High - End Computing System ( CHECS ) is famous for building a 1100 - node , G5 - based supercomputing cluster in 2003 called System X .
At the time it was built , it ranked as the third fastest supercomputer in the world with a sustained performance of just over 12 teraflops .
The CHECS is building a new cluster , this time using 324 Mac Pro towers , that will have a theoretical computing capacity of 29 teraflops .
The new system will not replace System X , according to CHECS Director Dr. Srinidhi Varadarajan .
" Unlike System X , which is a production machine for computational science and engineering researchers , the new system is intended to be pure computer science research system , " he told Ars .
The system will be used to study two main areas : power - aware software systems that can adjust performance automatically to maximize efficiency , and distributed shared memory systems that can run existing threaded code on high - performance clusters " as if they were scaled up versions of multi- core desktops . "
System X uses 1100 Xserves with dual - 2.3GHz , 64 - bit G5 processors — 2,200 cores total — connected with a standard data rate InfiniBand switching network with 20 Gbps bandwidth .
In comparison , the new , presently - unnamed system is comprised of 324 dual - quad core 2.8GHz Xeon processors for a total of 2,592 cores .
The system is also connected by a quad - data rate InfiniBand network , which provides 80 Gbps total bandwidth , a 300 percent increase .
Thought the hardware should give some blazing performance , it probably wo n't reach 29 Tflops when benchmarked .
" I would be vastly surprised if it sustained 29 teraflops on Linpack , " said Varadarajan .
" The new cluster will provide us with a large scale development and performance tuning platform for both these activities , " however .
Varadarajan and his team chose Mac Pros for a few reasons .
For one , Xserves are power dense , which requires a lot of cooling to prevent thermal hot spots .
" System X has a hybrid liquid - air cooling system in a dedicated facility , which enables significantly better cooling without hot spots .
This machine is however , housed in a conventional air cooled room , " Varadarajan told us .
Also , the Mac Pro has a large number of power and temperature sensors built in , which is necessary for the power / performance research and tuning , as well as an additional full - height PCI Express 2.0 slot for use in other research projects .
And , despite common wisdom to the contrary , the Mac Pros beat other systems on price .
" The Mac Pros are highly competitive even against building a white box off the cheapest prices , " he added .
Upgrading System X with current , Xeon - based Xserves would result in an 8800 - core monster that could push as much as 100 Tflops — at least in theory — coming close to Top 10 territory .
" The top 10 is a highly mobile target ; I expect it will look quite a bit different over the next two iterations , " said Varadarajan .
But a replacement for System X is still in the early planning stages ; the needs of university researchers and funding constraints mean there is no guarantee that any replacement would use Xserves .
Dr. Varadarajan expects it will be several weeks before the system comes online , when tuning and benchmarking can begin .
Once there are tangible numbers on the system 's performance , we 'll have a better idea how Mac Pros can fare in cluster - type systems .
The new system should prove to be a formidable competitor , especially among academic systems .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was captured in Pakistan in 2003
Lawyers for five 9/11 suspects have said the US government is rushing their cases to trial at Guantanamo in order to sway the US presidential election .
They have called for the military judge to dismiss the case on the grounds it is politically motivated , according to documents seen by the Associated Press .
Alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is among the men facing trial .
The lawyers say the planned start date , two months before the 4 November vote , is designed to grab the public eye .
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against the five suspects in the case , which will be heard before controversial military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay prison camp .
Charges against a Saudi citizen alleged to have been the " 20th hijacker " in the 11 September 2001 attacks were dropped in May .
Human rights groups have questioned whether the military tribunals can be fair , and say the defendants have been tortured .
The Copenhagen Consensus aimed to provide a meticulously prepared , thorough basis for global decision - making , thereby helping to ensure better living conditions reach the world ’s population .
This was be done by gathering existing knowledge about a number of the most pressing challenges and utilizing the minds of some of the best economists in the world to prioritize possible solutions .
From May 24 to May 28 2004 the Danish Environmental Assessment Institute , directed by Bjørn Lomborg .
assembled nine prestigious economists , including four Nobel Laureates , in Copenhagen .
The unique approach was to use this expert panel to make a ranking of various economic estimates of opportunities that would meet these challenges .
Thorough challenge papers were commissioned from leading specialists - the challenge paper authors - for each challenge .
Utilizing the challenge papers and opponents ’ commentaries , the experts made a prioritization of the opportunities meeting the challenges , based on estimations of costs and benefits .
The outcome was a prioritized list of opportunities meeting the biggest challenges .
This list became beneficial to decision - makers all over the world
A zoologist in Melbourne has discovered that rubbing estrogen on the tip of a human penis causes the " keratin layer " of skin to thicken , which may prevent the spread of HIV :
Dr Andrew Pask from the Department of Zoology at the University of Melbourne analysed the tissue samples from 12 foreskins and made the discovery .
" This suggested that oestrogen could induce a thickening of the keratin layer of the foreskin epidermis in the same way as it acts in the vagina , " said Dr Pask .
" Keratin on our skin acts a barrier to viral infection .
We hope to be able to enhance this protection with the use of a naturally occurring , weak oestrogen , " said Professor Roger Short of the Faculty of Medicine , Dentistry and Health Sciences who lead the research .
To confirm its effect , topical oestrogen was applied to the human foreskin for a two week trial .
This resulted in a rapid and substantial increase in keratin thickness .
Truck drivers handling freight for long hauls across the country have their driver history provided to a reporting agency .
DAC Trucking Services collects data about driving accidents , traffic violations and other issues and stores this information in a database .
DAC creates a report and sells it to large trucking companies , which base hiring decisions in part upon the data .
Previous employers and other sources supply the information for the DAC report , and discrepancies or misinformation may occur .
Every trucker is entitled to receive a free copy of his DAC report yearly and should dispute inaccurate information .
Obtain a free copy of your DAC report .
Provide your name , address , Social Security number , driver 's license number and phone contact information on a Consumer Report Request Form .
You can get this form by contacting the HireRight company ( see Resources ) , which handles DAC reports , or fill out an online form at the HireRight website .
Review the DAC report .
Note any misinformation by creating a list that features the employer and date of the error .
Contact the employer and ask if it could review its records and amend the incorrect information .
If the employer fails to do this , contact DAC services to lodge a formal dispute .
Fill out the dispute form that came with your DAC report .
Write the letter clearly and concisely in a professional manner .
Send the letter , with any other documents to support your claims , to DAC , which will forward a copy to the previous employer .
If the employer cannot verify the accuracy of its data , DAC will remove the disputed information from your report .
If the employer can verify the disputed items as accurate , the disputed information will remain on your report .
File a rebuttal statement if you wish to provide a written document within your report regarding the case and your viewpoint of the facts .
The rebuttal statement becomes a permanent record in the previous employer 's files and must be submitted within five days to any prospective employer who has denied you employment based on the original DAC report .
Receive a copy of the corrected report five days after all information has been investigated and verified .
Request that this corrected report be sent to anyone who has seen the previous incorrect DAC information within the last six months .
Rangel slams HRC's white support talk
NEW YORK — Rep. Charles B. Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) , among Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s top African - American supporters , was none too pleased with Clinton ’s comments this week to USA Today that she has broader appeal with white voters .
The statement was “ the dumbest thing she could have said , ” Rangel told reporters before a Clinton fundraiser in a midtown hotel ballroom Saturday .
Advertisement
He called her statement “ very poorly worded ” but acknowledged there may be some truth to it .
“ In any campaign , there are groups of people that you know that you have and groups of people that you do n’t , ” he said .
“ And I do n’t care what it is .
White , black , Catholic , Protestant — pollsters and newspaper reporters , that ’s all they know , and so they keep asking the same question over and over .
I mean , this happens in campaigns . ”
Still , Rangel said Clinton should leave it to others to make the case that she has more appeal to white voters .
“ That is rough campaign talk .
That is not presidential talk .
You leave that stuff to the boys in the backroom , ” said Rangel , the dean of New York ’s congressional delegation .
He insisted that Clinton can still defeat Obama for the Democratic nomination .
“ Why the hell would I be here at a Clinton rally if I did n’t think she could win ? ” he asked reporters .
Later , in his introduction of Chelsea Clinton , Rangel continued to assail the media and its characterizations that the race is over .
“ There are so many reporters out there and they keep asking me the same basic questions as though they went to a school to say how do we embarrass Hillary Clinton , ” he said .
The latest question , he said , is : “ When is she going to quit ? ”
“ When in the history of this world did winners quit ? ” Rangel asked , comparing Clinton to the Super Bowl champion New York Giants .
“ Did anyone ever ask them to quit ? ” he said .
404 - Page Not Found
Sorry , but the page you are looking for does n't exist anymore , or has moved .
You can go back to our home page , try our Search page or contact us for assistance .
Posted By : Michael Sweeney Mar. 21 , 2011
Former regular readers and even occasional browsers may have noticed that the new content out here on The Stonecipher Report has slowed , then all but stopped .
It ’s true that – due to various personal and situational circumstances – we have n’t been posting our previously - heavy doses of political ( plus occasional sports - and pop-culture - related ) content .
Site founder Tyler Rippeteau is currently exploring some new directions and challenges ; he may have some updates to share about those soon via these pages or on - air .
And I have taken a break from my twice - weekly " And , in the News … " e-mail newsletter , as well as from the regular entries I had been making out here ; I will also likely restart both of those ( perhaps in a trickle of posts – but maybe even back into a full and constant flood ) in the coming weeks or months .
( Of course , the last - few - years - worth of deep reporting and opinion - based content we have compiled will remain available out here ... )
… But , ALL is not quiet – at least an hour of Progressive and Liberal political content is available from us every week via the still - flourishing radio ( and Internet - streaming ) version of The Stonecipher Report .
Tune in every Monday from 3 – 4:00 PM ( Chicago time ) , as well as some upcoming bonus Wednesday slots ( on March 30 and April 13 , from noon – 1:30 PM ) , to catch the latest in left - leaning news and views , including local , national , and international content .
I ’ll be on later today , March 21 , to look at the latest rumblings from the GOP side eying the ’ 12 Presidential race , as well as political reactions to and spin about the latest disaster and military happenings in the world .
You can listen on local broadcast station WHPK -FM , 88.5 FM in Chicago ... or live online via whpk.org .
Join me for the usual entertaining and informative mix of Liberal and Progressive talk radio spiced up with some interesting music , every Monday afternoon ( as well as a couple of upcoming Wednesdays ) … Thanks !
Hey , we 've seen quite a few gimmicky game control schemes in our day .
We thought we were jaded , believed that we could no longer be moved emotionally by a few dorks in a lab , promising to revolutionize video games with their insanity .
Until we saw Cam - Trax .
You 'll get it in a moment by peeping the video after the break , but the basic gist is this : Cam - Trax offers highly accurate and responsive tracking of random colorful objects you hold in front of your webcam and tell it to track .
Gameplay can be EyeToy -esque , but it can also be so much more , since the unit can track many objects in a full three dimensions .
The video shows everything from a glorified game of pong to a FPS , and promises to control " any game " with " any webcam . "
Show us more , Cam - Trax .
[ Thanks , Chen D. ]
No Baptists need apply .
Oh , and three reporters say McCain did call his wife the c-word .
I think that ’s a character issue conservative Christians , and a lot of Americans , might just care about .
It hardly deserves being picked up by the cops and the Secret Service .
From IowaPolitics via Huff Post :
Clive businessman Marty Parrish was escorted from Sen. John McCain ’s town hall meeting by Des Moines police and members of the Secret Service after asking McCain if he had called his wife Cindy an expletive in 1992 .
Parrish , an ordained Baptist minister who holds a master ’s degree in political science , was questioned by Secret Service agents before being released .
He was not charged in the incident .
Parrish asked whether McCain called his wife Cindy an expletive related to the female anatomy , as has been alleged in the book “ The Real McCain , ” written by Dem strategist Cliff Schecter .
McCain ’s response got him a round of applause from the crowd : “ There ’s people here who do n’t respect that kind of language , so I ’ll move on to the next questioner in the back . ”
In an interview with IowaPolitics.com , Parrish said his intentions were simple in posing the question to McCain .
The former Joe Biden campaign worker stressed he is very concerned about the Republican presidential nominee ’s temperament .
“ We have a man whose temper can get the best of him , ” Parrish said .
“ What I am worried about is his temper .
Our country is in a serious crisis .
This election is the most significant one since 1860 .
It appears America is asleep — so I stood up and asked the question . ”
Mr Tsvangirai has agreed to the run -off even though he says he won outright Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been released by police after being detained for about eight hours , his spokesman has said .
He was freed without charge .
Police had accused Mr Tsvangirai of violating public security for addressing a rally without authorisation .
Mr Tsvangirai was detained as his convoy was going through a roadblock .
The Movement for Democratic Change leader faces President Robert Mugabe in a presidential run-off vote on 27 June .
' Usual harassment '
Mr Tsvangirai was held with his entourage at a police station in Lupane , a town in the west of Zimbabwe .
His spokesman , George Sibotshiwe , said police had taken away an armoured car from the MDC leader 's convoy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
His arrest was heavily criticised by the US and European governments .
Mr Tsvangirai said his detention was " nothing but the usual harassment which is totally unnecessary " .
" We have seen worse things than this , " he said , in comments reported by the AFP news agency .
The BBC's Caroline Hawley in Johannesburg says his arrest is part of an increasing campaign of political intimidation ahead of the run-off vote .
Mr Sibotshiwe told the BBC that the incident showed campaigning was becoming " even more impossible " .
" Unless there are peacekeepers on the ground , unless there are a lot of observers on the ground , it 's going to be impossible to run an election that is free and fair and that allows us room to campaign , " he said .
Burnings
The MDC says 65 of its supporters have been killed in political attacks .
In the latest violence , two MDC supporters were burned to death by suspected supporters of Mr Mugabe 's ruling Zanu - PF .
There are fears for the lives of four other MDC supporters after Tuesday 's attack in the southern town of Jerera .
MDC Masvingo provincial chairman Wilstaf Stemele told the BBC that Zanu - PF supporters had doused the blankets of the two men with petrol before setting them on fire .
He said the victims had not yet been identified as their bodies had been burnt " beyond recognition " .
The government says the scale of the violence has been exaggerated and blamed the MDC for instigating attacks .
Official results from the 29 March first round of the presidential election gave victory to Mr Tsvangirai , but not the 50 % of votes needed to avoid a second round .
The opposition leader then spent nearly two months outside Zimbabwe , trying to drum up international support .
His return was delayed because of an alleged army plan to kill him , which the ruling party said was " fantasy " .
Mr Mugabe is currently attending a UN - sponsored summit on the global food crisis in Rome , where he blamed Western sanctions for Zimbabwe 's economic woes .
Some four million Zimbabweans - a third of the population - are believed to need food aid this year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The US has given no reason yet for the expulsion from the Moscow embassy
Russia has ordered the expulsion of two military attaches from the American embassy in Moscow , US officials say .
The US state department said it would comply with the order although it objected to it .
Two Russians have been expelled from Washington in recent months , one in November and the second on 22 April .
The news comes as Russia conducts a transition of power with Vladimir Putin becoming prime minister and Dmitry Medvedev president .
' Separate incidents '
The expulsion order was given some days ago but was only revealed by the state department on Thursday .
An official there confirmed to Reuters news agency the pair had been asked to leave but declined to say what reasons had been given for the expulsion .
It is not known whether the pair have left Moscow yet .
" They have not been declared persona non grata but they have been asked to leave , " the official said .
Another US official said Washington regarded the expulsions as " separate incidents " from those of the Russian envoys .
The Russian foreign ministry said it had " no comment at the moment " .
The new metallicity map , shown as the colored inset , indicates that the disk is composed of high - metallicity stars that typically are just a few billion years old ( red and yellow shades ) .
The disk is embedded in a low - density stellar halo composed of lower - metallicity stars with ages over 10 billion years ( blue shades ) .
The Milky Way is still growing by cannibalizing other nearby galaxies .
A good example of a victimized galaxy is the Monoceros stream , marked by the arrow .
The fact that the Monoceros stream stars have somewhat different metal content than other nearby stars ( green shade instead of blue ) helps to delineate its extent and reveal its origins .
Credit : Zeljko Ivezic , University of Washington , SDSS - II Collaboration
An international team of scientists from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS - II ) has unveiled the most complete and detailed map yet of the chemical composition of our Galaxy .
" This compilation of the compositions of more than 2.5 million stars in the Milky Way will greatly enhance our understanding of our galactic home , and likely will help to solve some mysteries about our Galaxy 's birth and growth , " said Donald Schneider , Distinguished Professor of Astronomy and Astrophysics at Penn State , who is a member of the research team and a leader in the SDSS - II organization .
Previous maps of the chemical composition of the Milky Way were based on much smaller samples of stars and did n't go as far as the distances SDSS - II surveyed -- a region extending from near the Sun to about 30,000 light years away .
" Older sky surveys that did include a lot of stars were not accurate enough to measure the chemical composition of those stars , " explained study leader , Zeljko Ivezic , a University of Washington astronomer .
" With the new SDSS map , astronomers can begin to tackle many unsolved mysteries about the birth and growth of the Milky Way , " Ivezic said .
The construction and first implications of the map are described in a paper titled " The Milky Way Tomography with SDSS : II .
Stellar Metallicity , " slated to appear in the 1 August 2008 issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
Astronomers use the term " metals " to describe all elements heavier than hydrogen and helium , including the oxygen we breathe , the calcium in our bones , and the iron in our blood .
Although hydrogen , helium , and traces of lithium were created at the beginning of the universe in the Big Bang , all other elements , such as iron and carbon , were forged in the cores of stars or during the explosive deaths of massive stars .
As a result , stars that formed early in the history of our Galaxy , some 13 - billion years ago , were made of gas that had few metals created by the generations of stars that came before .
These " metal - poor stars " provide astronomers with a chemical fingerprint of the origin and evolution of the elements .
As subsequent generations of stars formed and died , they returned some of their metal - enriched material to the interstellar medium , the birthplace of later generations of stars , including our Sun .
The scientists explain that , by mapping how the metal content of stars varies throughout the Milky Way , astronomers can decipher star formation and evolution , just as archaeologists reveal ancient history by studying human artifacts .
To make this new map of the Galaxy , the SDSS - II team used the colors of millions of stars to infer their metal content -- often referred to as metallicity .
To estimate the metallicity of so many stars at once , the team compared the colors of the stars with spectroscopic observations for many tens of thousands of these stars .
A group researchers on the SDSS - II team devised methods to estimate the metallicities of these stars based on their spectra that are more effective by a factor of ten over earlier methods -- a significant improvement .
" The map of the distribution of metallicity for several million stars reveals the differing content of chemical elements in the stellar populations of our Galaxy , " explained Ivezic .
The color of a star is influenced slightly by the presence of dark regions in a star 's light spectrum -- called absorption lines .
When the metals are depleted in the star , the amount of blue light emitted by the star is slightly increased .
" By using two - dimensional images in different colors , we built up a three - dimensional ' tomographic ' map that clearly delineates the disk and halo components of the Milky Way , " Ivezic said .
The metal map also shows that galaxies cannibalized by the Milky Way -- including shards of one known as the Monoceros Stream -- possess stars with metal content that is different from the expected metal content at the Monoceros Stream 's position .
Many features of the map confirm standard views of the structure of the Milky Way .
But , Ivezic noted , the projected motions measured for metal - poor stars appear to contradict a long - standing hypothesis of galaxy construction : that an ancient act of galactic cannibalism gave rise to the " thick disk " of stars enveloping the thin disk in which our star -- the Sun -- resides .
The SDSS - II results also provide a roadmap for future , even - larger surveys , such as those planned for the 8.4 - m Large Synoptic Survey Telescope ( LSST ) .
LSST maps could extend ten times further , to the very edge of the Milky Way , measuring the chemical compositions of hundreds of million stars using the technique pioneered in this study by the SDSS - II team .
A preprint version of the research paper is available on the Web at http : //lanl.arxiv.org/abs/0804.3850 .
Source : Penn State
Explore further Data sonification : Sounds from around the Milky Way
A study investigating aging in mice has found that hormonal changes that occur when mice eat significantly less may help explain an already established phenomenon : a low calorie diet can extend the lifespan of rodents , a benefit that even regular exercise does not achieve .
“ We know that being lean rather than obese is protective from many diseases , but key rodent studies tell us that being lean from eating less , as opposed to exercising more , has greater benefit for living longer .
This study was designed to understand better why that is , ” said Derek M. Huffman , the study ’s lead author .
The study applies only to rodents , which are different in some key ways from humans , cautions Huffman .
However , at least two studies which examined people who engage in high - volume exercise versus people who restricted their calorie intake , had a similar outcome : caloric restriction has physiological benefits that exercise alone does not .
Researchers expect that clues to the physiology of longevity in mice will eventually be applied to people , Huffman said .
The study , “ Effect of exercise and calorie restriction on biomarkers of aging in mice , ” appears in the May issue of the American Journal of Physiology published by The American Physiological Society ( APS ; www.The-APS.org).
The study was carried out by Huffman , Douglas R. Moellering , William E. Grizzle , Cecil R. Stockard , Maria S. Johnson and Tim R. Nagy , all of the University of Alabama - Birmingham ( UAB ) and funded by the UAB Center for Aging .
Dr. Huffman is now at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York .
The study built upon previous studies that showed :
* Rats that exercise regularly will , on average , live longer compared to a group that eats the same amount but does not exercise .
This is because exercise prevents some diseases , which allows more individual animals to live out their expected life span .
* However , when comparing the rats in these two groups that eat the same amount , the longest - lived animals in the exercise group do n’t live any longer than the longest - lived rats in the non-exercise group .
Taken together , these findings indicate that exercise can prevent an early death from disease in some rats , but does not extend the maximal lifespan of any of the rats .
* When comparing rats that exercise to those that do n’t exercise but eat much less , the longest - lived rats are from the group that ate less .
Taken together , these findings indicate that caloric restriction protects against disease better than exercise does , and has the added benefit of extending the life span of some rats .
Physiologists have been trying to unravel the reasons for this , and two major theories have emerged .
One theory is that exercise places stress on the body , which can result in damage to the tissues and DNA .
Another theory is that caloric restriction leads to physiological changes which benefit the body .
Huffman and his colleagues designed a study to examine the roles of exercise and caloric restriction , singly and combined .
They controlled for factors such as weight and the amount of energy expended versus the calories consumed .
They found :
* Mice allowed to eat as much as they wanted had higher insulin levels , regardless of whether they exercised .
That is , how much the mice ate determined their insulin level , while exercise did not have much effect .
High insulin levels are associated with a risk of diabetes .
* The animals that ate as much as they wanted and did not exercise had the highest levels of insulin - like growth factor ( IGF - 1 ) , which plays a key role in regulating cell growth and cell death .
The animals on caloric restriction had the lowest levels of IGF - 1 .
Exercise also seemed to play an important role in regulating IGF - 1 levels .
* There were some elevated levels of heat shock proteins , a measure of oxidative stress and possible tissue damage among the exercising mice .
But total protein carbonyls , another stress measure , were not significantly different .
* Both exercise and caloric restriction moderated the level of 8 - hydroxyguanosine ( 8 - OHdG ) , a marker of DNA damage .
Among the animals that ate all they wanted , those that did not exercise had the highest levels of 8 - OHdG and those that exercised had much lower levels .
The researchers concluded that DNA damage increases with age and is accelerated by obesity but could be slowed by caloric restriction and / or exercise .
The researchers noted , however , that the results may differ if they had used older mice or subjected them to greater caloric restriction than the mild ( 9 % fewer calories ) or moderate ( 18 % ) restriction this study employed .
Overall , these findings indicate that the physiological stress of exercise did not produce enough damage to tissues or DNA to explain why exercise does not lengthen life span .
Instead the study suggests that caloric restriction creates beneficial changes in the body ’s hormone levels which exercise does not .
The researchers concluded that these metabolic changes play a role in extending life .
A handful of studies comparing calorie restricted people to people who are avid exercisers , found similar hormonal benefits among those eating less .
However , calorie restriction studies are difficult to carry out in people because participants often complain of feeling hungry , lethargic , and cold .
Huffman also emphasized that the benefits of exercise may be greater for humans than for mice because people are more prone to develop cardiovascular diseases , and exercise is particularly good at warding off those diseases .
Mice tend to die of kidney disease and cancer , Huffman said .
“ I would n’t say this study has direct implications for people right now , ” Huffman said .
“ But it shows what physiological changes caloric restriction and exercise produce .
We can continue to build upon these findings until we can get a better understanding of how this works in people . ”
http://www.the-aps.org/press/journal/08/21.htm
The release of Qt 4.4 came along with the WebKit browser engine which could be tested with an included demo browser .
This demo browser is now developed independent under the name Arora and is already , while in early development a cross platform Qt browser .
WebKit is a browser engine which was originally forked from KHTML and is now developed further by Apple , Nokia , Adobe , Trolltech and others .
Up to a certain point there is also cooperation going on between KHTML and WebKit .
With Qt 4.4 WebKit is officially part of Qt , and therefore every Qt app can take advantage of WebKit ( this is also true for every KDE app , but they can use KHTML for quite some time now anyway ) .
The demo browser of Qt 4.4 was shipped with the release to show what the engine is actually capable off .
Since it was already a ( basically ) working browser its own code repository under the name Arora .
The WebKit code used is the one of Qt which is directly developd in the WebKit trunk .
The browser is currently under heavy development and is still in an early phase , so it can hardly be compared against the “ old ” ones like Firefox or Konqueror / KHTML .
However , the browser already has a nicely working Rich Text Editor support which for example works with WordPress blogs :
Also , there special private browsing mode which makes it possible to deactivate the history and cookies just for a short time :
Besides , recently the support for flash plugins was included , and Arora can restore closed tabs .
Currently planned features include the support for password store mechanisms in the form of plugins which will make it possible to connect Arora to kwalletmanager and therefore integrate it seamless with KDE – or to connect it with the Gnome keyring and integrate it with Gnome .
But it can also be seen that Arora is still in development : in the version tested on this machine there were some issues with the scroll bar and also with the line - edit field and the buttons on the Google home page :
Additionally , there are some things missing : especially web shortcuts which I really got used to should be added at some point in the future .
Also , the preferences dialog does not list options which are normal for other browsers ( always display tabs , always open in a new tab , etc. ) .
However , given that the development continues at the current speed these features should be available soon .
In the long term Arora could become a real competitor to Firefox : while it is also cross platform like Firefox it could actually adapt the native design of each platform thanks to Qt. Additionally , with intelligent chosen plugins it should be easy to integrate it into the platform ( password storage , favourites , desktop search , etc. ) .
Last but not least thanks to its origins it features a much smaller memory foot print and is simply faster than Firefox .
For KDE users it could be an interesting alternative to Konqueror to have a look at WebKit and simply as a stand alone browser inside KDE .
In case you want to give Arora a first test the easiest is to run Ubuntu ( probably in a virtual machine ) and install the precompiled binary .
Since Arora does require quite recent
Qt packages it ca n’t be compiled in Fedora 8 , and even Fedora 9 might not be sufficient at the moment .
Baby leopard spotted in house
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A 20 day old leopard cub has wandered into a house in India , after being abandoned by its mother .
SEE ALSO
Shocking proof !
Here ’s the real reason you ’re fat :
" The reason you can't lose weight has nothing to do with your will - power , over - eating or the right diet ! ... the reason you are fat and unhealthy is because you have disgusting plaque and horrible little ' CRITTERS ' living in your guts ! "
" ... and now I 'm going to show you how to get rid of all of it so you can shed 10 lbs , 25 lbs , 50 lbs even 100 lbs or more - and keep It off FOREVER !!
Dr. Suzanne Gudakunst
Ask yourself
Do you really want all this junk living inside your guts ?
This is harmful Plaque ( below )
Everybody has it .
But to keep from getting sick and to be able to maintain a healthy body weight you MUST get rid of it NOW !
If you do n't , it will eventually cause you to not be able to lose weight ( regardless of how much you diet and exercise ! ) and eventually it will kill you !
These are harmful Parasites ( below )
Everybody has them .
If left to live and breed inside your stomach , small and large intestines and colon , they will eventually cause you to puff up , gain lots of weight , get sick more often , and take many , many years off your life !
They use your body as a ' Food Storehouse ' and so they can live and breed by the millions .
But now it 's time to flush them out and down the toilet for good .
If you do n't they will just make you fatter and much , much sicker !
Would you trust anything living in your bowels that has teeth but NO eyes ?
" Most doctors , so - called diet gurus and fitness experts are either lying to you , or just plain do n't know what they 're really talking about ! "
That 's Right !
This lady Doctor is ticked - off at everyone for lying to you !!
And now she 's putting an end to it for good !
But Will You Listen to Her ???
I really do care about you !
And I want to be YOUR Doctor !
Although I 've never met you face to face , I do in fact care about you very much .
And it saddens me deeply that despite assurances from the people you believe you can trust , you are nonetheless being lied to every single day .
n fact , this very fact alone literally breaks my heart .
Here 's the straightforward TRUTH : Doctors , Diet Food Companies , and Health Professionals are now lying to you , and have been lying to you and everyone else for decades .
Want PROOF ?
That ’s easy !
Just look around you as more and more diet foods , magic diets , diet fads , health foods & even drugs supposedly designed to make you lose weight become available , people are nevertheless getting FATTER and FATTER and LESS and LESS healthy !!
You do n't need such - n - such medical agency or someone at CNN telling you a bunch of fluffed up statistics and misleading numbers when all you have to do is ask yourself this easy question :
Why is it that we have 21st century medicine and the greatest resources available to us on earth now more than ever , but people are just getting fatter and more and more unhealthy ?
Never let anyone argue against your reasoning , and keep this question in the back of your mind no matter what - and regardless of what someone else may say !
More importantly , try asking this question above to everyone you know , including doctors and health professionals , and see what kind of answers they give you .
" It 's not an easy thing to answer . "
( Yes it is - just say it , doc ! )
" The answer is far more complicated than the question . "
( Not really , what are you hiding , doc ? )
" She is only interested in selling you her diet book . "
( I'm really just trying to save your life ! )
" People have no self - control . "
( If this were true humans would have died off ages ago due to eating themselves to death - and many doctors rely on this answer above most of the others !
Ridiculous !!)
" There are more fatty foods out there today . "
( And you know this is a load of crap because $ 100 millions of dollars are being spent on the manufacture of so - called healthy foods today than ever before - yet a WHOPPING 68 % of most people living in North America alone are considered OBESE !
If this were true humans would have died off ages ago due to eating themselves to death - and many doctors rely on this answer above most of the others !
Ridiculous !!)
What 's worse is if you actually settle for their answers and just assume that everything is going to be fine ( but it wo n't ! )
If you do n't act now , you may
not live much longer !
As a doctor I 've seen far more than my fair share of people who were alive one day and then dead the next .
What really SHOCKED me was when talking to their loved ones a tad later to actually hear some of them say such things like :
" He seemed so healthy ! "
" Something else must have caused it as she was a vegetarian . "
" She was so young , it 's not fair ! "
" I do n't understand , he ran 5 miles a day ! "
" What a shock , she ate only the healthiest organic stuff ! "
... and so on .
And before I say one more word , I want to assure you that I do NOT for a single second ever wish to hear " bad news " such as this about YOU !
Like I said , even though we 've never met I do in fact really care about you .
How is it possible that I care
so much about you ?
Because even though we have never met , I do understand that like me you also have people close to you .
Under different circumstances and had we actually met , who knows , you may have become one of my closest friends .
Or , look at it this way : I have a sister , and two brothers , as well as a mom and a dad just like you too have a family .
And I would n't for one second want to ever hear anything bad as ever happening to anyone of them .
So likewise , you could just as easily have been my brother or sister , or someone close to me , and it would tear my heart out if anything ever happened to someone I loved .
Time is one of those things that before you know it you end up saying things like " where 's the time gone " and " wow !
It seems like only yesterday ! "
And because things just seem to be happening today faster and faster , time is now a much more cherished commodity !
And since time is so precious , I do n't want to waste a single moment more - but would like YOU to become my friend starting " yesterday ! "
I promise as your new friend never to lie to you ( like all the others ) and to only give you the absolute truth ( absolutely UNLIKE all the others ! )
I want you to think of me as your " guardian angel " - literally someone who 's willing to watch over you when nobody else will - or even when YOU may fail to watch over yourself .
And I 'm perfect for the job as I 've been told by everyone I know that I care more about people and want what 's truly BEST for them more than anyone else they 've ever met !
Maybe I am tooting my horn a tad - but what I 'm saying to you now is completely the truth !
And if you want to put me to the test , I 'm willing to accept your challenge all day long .
If you are experiencing any of these tell tale signs of colon toxicity then you MUST detoxify :
I do n't know how , but I missed the US Postal Service observance of Mailbox Improvement Week .
My mailbox is in pretty good shape , it can wait until next year .
However , I did take the last few days ( belatedly ) to take a hard look at my mental health and evaluate avenues of improvement .
I am a recovering alcoholic , almost twenty years sober , but have been falling prey recently to patterns of addictive behavior .
I have also allowed myself to be present in social " binge drinking " situations .
The hardest part of recovery from an addiction is taming the mind and controlling the fantasy process .
The power of fantasy is the enduring power of addiction .
As a long term recovering alcoholic , I am not uncomfortable to be around others who are enjoying an occasional drink .
I 'll lift my glass of water , soda or juice and toast the bride .
However , in situations of extreme drunkenness , unhealthy memories come storming back ; scenes of my own aberrations and that of my father .
How he or I ever escaped killing ourselves or others while driving drunk is an unexplainable miracle .
How could we ever allow our families , our loved ones , to be trapped with us while we drove drunk ?
As a Catholic , guilt will always be second nature .
I do feel guilty for my past actions , I often feel unworthy of the gift of sobriety .
The sights , sounds and smells of excessive drinking can draw me in .
I can easily fall prey to the belief that I belong , puking , farting , belching and pissing in my pants , a penance for my past sins .
Addictions and compulsions are destructive behaviors that an individual acquires as a method of coping with the pressures of life .
Some addictions have genetic components and are passed down through biological families .
Alcohol and drug addictions are examples of genetic conditions .
Other addictions can be linked to survival reactions in response to family trauma .
Sex addictions and eating disorders can have roots in emotional , physical , or sexual abuse .
Addictions such as overwork , gambling , overspending , smoking , and compulsive exercise appear to be the result of bad habits .
Most addictive behaviors are maladaptive responses to unresolved trauma .
All addictions and compulsions involve fantasy .
If an addiction or a compulsion does not divert a person ’s mind from reality , it ’s not worth doing .
For the addicted person — or the person starting down addiction ’s path — life ’s stresses often feel overwhelming or unbearable .
Fantasy is a method of survival that allows mental escape from pressures .
At first , people may perceive what seem to be positive effects with drug use .
They also may believe that they can control their use ; however , drugs can quickly take over their lives .
Consider how a social drinker can become intoxicated , put himself behind a wheel and quickly turn a pleasurable activity into a tragedy for him and others .
When one addiction can no longer provide the needed escape , other addictions can be added to enhance the experience .
An example would be waking up in the morning , taking a few pills to get going , using nicotine to help with the energy during the day and drinking alcohol while looking at porn to relax at night .
Addicts often consciously and subconsciously let stress build to increase their experience of euphoria .
When stress is allowed to build up to a fever pitch , the relief of engaging in addictive behavior is much more intense .
A workaholic may take on overwhelming workloads , resulting in sickness that allows them to escape professional and family responsibilities for a time .
So my course of action may not be earth shattering news to the US Postal Service , but it should work for me .
I am an addict .
The only cure is abstinence .
I need to pull back from uncomfortable social situations .
I have no control over anyone 's actions but my own .
An addict can be negatively influenced by sight , taste and smell .
If you hang out in a barbershop long enough , eventually you 're gonna get a haircut .
A recovering drunk surrounded by pitchers of tequila ....?
I 'm not an Olympic hopeful in training .
I am an older ( not old , older sounds just right ) man who should be happy that he 's almost on the right side of 200 pounds , and moving in the right direction .
Exercise , for me , should be healthy and fun .
If others around me want to pound their bodies into pulp , cycling a century up mountains of 12 % grades , then drink themselves into a stupor without even taking a shower , that 's their trip .
A stinky , self destructive , delusional trip .
Their " fantasy " is that they are training for the big event , when , in reality , they are inching closer to a possible catastrophic event .
Experts have written about the dangers of alcohol abuse and strenuous exercise .
I 'm training so that I can bend down and get the great angle shot of the skateboarder flying over the top of the jump .
I 'm training so that I can continue to carry a camera , long zoom lens and lead cell battery pack over a long day at the Head of the Charles or local track and field event .
I 'm training so that I can enjoy the years remaining to me .
I have no control over anyone 's actions but my own .
I did the drinking , smoking and drugs all the while telling myself I was healthy because I ride my bike all day .
I know the damage done .
Next weekend in Cambridge , MA is the Dragon Boat Festival .
You may enjoy reading about these warriors of old :
They sat on long , narrow paddle boats called dragon boats !
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
I took away my daughter 's car keys as a punishment for her bad behavior .
The punishments that the government has inflicted on the protesters are severe and unjust .
The punishment for murder is life imprisonment .
Some religions teach that wicked people will suffer eternal punishment in hell after they die .
Technology is awesome .
It has been almost a decade since my wife and I cut the cord on cable TV .
That does n’t mean we do n’t watch TV .
It simply means that we have given up on the need for expensive cable television service in favor of alternative options .
We do n’t tend to watch a lot of television .
But we still like to watch movies , documentaries , and the occasional TV show .
We find that we can meet all of our TV needs with a combination of a digital antenna for over the air TV transmissions ( primarily network channels , PBS , and local stations ) , the library , and streaming video services like Netflix and Amazon Prime .
We sometimes also use RedBox for new releases .
Even better , streaming services allow you to watch movies and shows on demand , meaning you do n’t have to bend your schedule to watch TV when it is broadcast .
The total cost of all of this is substantially less than what we were paying for cable TV years ago .
In fact , when you consider that Internet service and Amazon Prime are costs we would already be spending , the only addition to our budget is Netflix and the occasional film from RedBox .
That ’s a very affordable way to cover all of our TV watching needs !
While Netflix and Amazon Prime cover all of our streaming video needs – they may not cover yours , especially if you like to watch a lot of live sports or you want to watch movies or TV series that belong to one of the other premium streaming services .
So we have compiled this list of the best streaming video services to help you determine which streaming service is the best for your needs , or if you should mix and match .
America ’s 5 Best Streaming TV Services
Each of the following streaming video options brings something unique to the table .
We share our favorites below , along with some of their pros and cons .
Netflix – Editors Choice
I am biased here , but I ’m a huge Netflix fan .
They have an excellent selection of new and old videos and an ever - growing selection of award - winning Netflix Originals .
Netflix is n’t perfect of course , especially in light of the fact that Disney is taking their content off the Netflix platform later in 2019 when they launch their own streaming video service ( I ’m sure that will make our list in the near future ! ) .
Some people also note that Netflix does n’t get every new release .
This is true .
So you may find that you need to supplement Netflix with another option on this list , or catch new releases at the theater , or grab them when they come out on RedBox or make it to your library .
Still , bang for your buck , Netlifx offers great entertainment value !
Netflix Pricing & Features
Netflix is one of the few options on this list that does n’t offer add - ons .
Most services allow you to add premium channels , usually from some of the major premium cable channels like HBO , Showtime , etc .
Some services also allow you to stream movies on a pay - per - view basis .
Netflix is more “ what you see is what you get . ”
But that works great for Netflix .
They have a deep library , and an excellent and ever - growing selection of Netflix originals .
Here is the current pricing , to reflect the recent changes in early 2019 .
Netflix Streaming Prices
Plan Price Number of Screens at Once Resolution Basic ( streaming ) $ 8.99 1 SD Standard ( streaming ) $ 12.99 2 HD Premium ( streaming ) $ 15.99 4 HD + Ultra HD
Netflix Pros & Cons
Pros :
Excellent selection of new and old movies
Award - winning Netflix Originals
Great overall value , even with the recent price hikes
Cons :
Ever-changing catalog
Disney movies leaving their platform soon
Not all new releases make it to Netflix
Learn More or Sign Up at Netflix.com >>
Amazon Prime Video – Best Overall Service You Might Already be Paying For
As much as I like Netflix , I ’m an even bigger fan of Amazon Prime ( though for streaming video , Netflix wins out ) .
But when you consider the overall value , I believe Amazon Prime offers the best overall value in today ’s tech world .
Free two - day shipping , free streaming video and music , a free Kindle book each month , the ability to borrow books on Kindle for free , online photo storage … the list goes on and on !
The Amazon Prime Video library offers tens of thousands of options .
But I find that the selection can be hit or miss compared to some other options ( and this is coming from someone who does n’t watch a vast amount of television ) .
That said , Amazon has done a great job of creating original content that is on par with those found on Netflix , and premium cable channels .
Amazon also offers Prime Members the option of subscribing to over 100 premium channels with Prime Video Channels subscriptions , including HBO , Showtime , and others .
Of course , there is an added monthly fee , making this a potentially expensive endeavor .
But possibly still a cost savings compared to subscribing to a cable TV package , in addition to one of those premium channels .
Not all new releases reach Amazon Prime .
However , I find that quite a few do , if only for a limited time .
Amazon Prime Video Pricing
$ 119 / year for an annual Prime membership or $ 12.99 per month .
$ 59 / year for an annual Prime Student membership , or $ 6.49 per month .
$ 59 / year for an annual Prime Student membership , or $ 6.49 per month .
Premium channels cost extra .
One month free Amazon Prime Trial .
Amazon Prime Video Pros & Cons
Pros :
Very good selection of new and old movies , shows , and documentaries
Award - winning original content
Can rent movies that are n’t included in the Amazon Prime library
Can add premium subscriptions to additional content , including HBO , Showtime , Cinemax , and Others
Best overall value , especially considering the other benefits that come with Amazon Prime
Cons :
Ever-changing catalog
Premium add - ons are expensive
Not all new releases make it to Amazon Prime Video
Learn More or Sign Up at Amazon.com >>
Hulu – Best for Network TV Shows
Hulu is a streaming service that was founded by Disney , 21st Century Fox , and Comcast .
So it tends to feature a heavy dose of content from these entertainment empires .
Disney is in the process of finalizing their acquisition of21st Century Fox , so they will end up owning 2/3 of Hulu .
Disney is also launching Disney + later this year .
So it ’s anyone ’s guess what will happen with Hulu , but I do n’t expect it will go away .
Overall , Hulu offers an excellent variety of TV shows , movies , and award - winning original content .
Are you sensing a trend here ?
All the best streaming video services are investing heavily in original , must - see TV .
They want to hook you on movies and series you ca n’t find anywhere else .
Hulu shines with their selection of network television , often allowing viewers to stream these videos on - demand shortly after they are shown on the networks .
Netflix and Amazon Prime also offer network TV shows , but usually only series that are at least a few seasons old .
Hulu adds them to their service during the same season , which is great for people who want to cut cable TV , but do n’t want to miss out on their favorite sitcoms and dramas .
Hulu Features & Pricing
Hulu offers the greatest variety of services , offering a less - expensive version that is ad - supported , up to a much more expensive version called Hulu +
Live TV , which offers much more content .
All plans offer unlimited access to the Hulu streaming library with limited or no ads .
The Hulu library includes full seasons of exclusive series , hit movies , Hulu Originals , kids shows , and more .
Hulu +
Live TV includes 60 + top Live and On Demand TV channels including sports , news , and entertainment .
Subscribers can also record Live TV with 50 hours of Cloud DVR storage .
Pricing :
Hulu Ad- Supported – $ 5.99 / mo
Hulu No Ads – $ 11.99 / mo
Hulu Live + TV – $ 44.99 / mo
Hulu offers a Free Trial
Note : Hulu has announced new pricing , effective Feb. 26 .
The three monthly subscription prices will be as follows : $ 5.99 , $ 11.99 , and $ 44.99 .
The ad - supported offering will decrease while the premium Hulu +
Live TV will increase by $ 5 per month .
However , it will also offer 10 more channels .
Hulu Free Trial Offer : New Hulu customers can get a free month of the lower two pricing tiers , or a free 7 - day trial of Hulu + Live TV .
Visit the Hulu website for more information .
Hulu Pros & Cons
Pros :
Very good selection of new TV content , including current sitcoms and drams , and a deep library of other movies , shows , and documentaries
Award - winning original content
Best option for current TV series
Very good overall value , especially at the ad- supported level
Cons :
Hulu +
Live TV is one of the more expensive streaming options .
But it does offer access to live TV and sports .
Fewer new movie releases than many other streaming video platforms .
Hulu is only available in the U.S .
Learn More or Sign Up at Hulu.com >>
Sling TV – Best Live TV Service
Sling TV is the most well - known Live TV streaming service on the market .
It ’s also one of the least expensive live TV streaming options around .
Sling TV focuses on providing a great user experience , with access to live news , sports , and entertainment .
You will find many of the major networks and cable TV stations , including CNN , the Disney Channel , ESPN , Fox , Fox Sports , the History Channel , NBC , NBC Sports , TNT , Lifetime , the Travel Channel , National Geographic , Cartoon Network , NFL Network , and more .
Sling TV Features & Pricing
Sling Offers three different plans – Sling Orange , Sling Blue , and Sling Orange + Sling Blue .
The plan names do n’t offer much detail , so I ’m not sure how they settled on those names .
Orange features 30 + channels , Blue features 40 + channels , and Orange +
Blue features over 50 channels .
However , which is better for you will depend on what type of TV you like to watch – whether your focus is on sports , news , entertainment , or other types of TV .
Each channel features a little of each , though Orange and Blue are tilted a little more toward one or the other .
Everyone has different viewing preferences , so we recommend viewing the Sling TV website to compare plans to determine which is best for you .
Sling Orange – $ 25 / mo
Sling Blue – $ 25 / mo
Sling Orange + Sling Blue – $ 40 / mo ( Best Value )
Sling TV Free 7 - day Trial
Current Offer – Free Roku Express
When You Prepay for Two Months Service : Sling TV is currently offering a free Roku Express to new customers who agree to a two - month subscription service .
This offer is not available to those who first sign up for the 7 - day free trial .
Your credit card will automatically be charged after the two - months , so be sure you are prepared to keep your subscription , or cancel your plan before the end of the two - month period .
Learn more about this offer at Sling.com .
Sling TV Pros & Cons
Pros :
Best value among live streaming TV options .
Best streaming option for news & sports .
Ability to add premium channels , kids channel , and other features .
Very good overall value
Free 7 - Day Trial
Cons :
You may not be able to find everything you want in one channel , so you may need to opt for the Orange +
Blue package .
Still , at only $ 40 per month , it ’s much less expensive than most comparable cable TV packages
DVR service is extra .
No library of content – this is live streaming only ( unless you pay for a premium channel subscription that offers on - demand service ) .
Learn More or Sign Up for a Free 7 - Day Trial at Sling.com >>
Honorable Mention – RedBox
RedBox does have a streaming video service , but they are better known for their video rental kiosks .
In fact , I know they offer streaming videos , but I ’ve never personally tried it .
That said , RedBox is a great way to save money if you do n’t have access to the movie you want through your current streaming video provider .
It ’s super easy to use , and inexpensive – simply rent a movie at one of their thousands of DVD kiosks , and pay $ 1.50 per night for a standard DVD , or $ 2.00 per night for a Blu - Ray rental .
They also offer access to video games , allowing you to try before you buy .
( Another great service for video games is Gamefly , a monthly subscription service by mail ) .
The good news is you are never far from a RedBox location – there are literally thousands of convenient locations to rent and drop off movies , from grocery stores , to fast food restaurants , to airports .
And you can return the video you borrow at any location , which is super - convenient .
RedBox Free Rental Codes
Even though RedBox movie rentals are very inexpensive , you can often get a free rental code from RedBox , so you can enjoy a DVD or Blu - Ray movie rental free of charge , provided you return it by the 9 pm deadline the following night ( standard rental rates still apply if you do n’t return the DVD on time ) .
How to Get a Free RedBox Movie Rental Code :
The easiest way to get a free RedBox code is to visit the RedBox website and sign up for a RedBox account .
Make a movie reservation online , pick up the movie and return it after you watch it .
Then you will receive a free DVD rental .
Simple as that !
Visit this link to get started .
More Ways to Get a Free RedBox Rental Coupon :
The next way to get a free movie rental from RedBox is by signing up for SMS alerts , which will send you a text message on the first Monday of each month with a free rental code in it .
This is a steady stream of free movie rentals coming your way !
The codes are only good for that day and only one use , so you need to take advantage of them right away or they will go unused .
RedBox also sends free rental codes via SMS on special occasions , such as holidays .
You ca n’t always predict when they will come , so keep your eyes open !
Benefits of Streaming Video
Streaming video has revolutionized the way my family and I watch TV .
Watching TV has ever really been important enough for me to set my schedule by it .
In other words , you would never find me sitting in front of my couch every Tuesday at 7:30 pm to watch a specific show .
But streaming video allows me to watch those shows on demand .
Instead of setting my schedule , I can binge watch a series over the course of a holiday weekend , or on those rare occasions I happen to get sick and do n’t have the energy to do much else .
Other benefits include the massive libraries of content , the lack of commercials and other ads ( from most services , unless you are streaming live TV ) , and the cost savings we get from not subscribing to cable TV service .
Overall , streaming video services offer excellent convenience and value for your entertainment dollar .
Which Streaming Video Service is Your Favorite ?
Everyone loves a story about the little guy who takes on the bigger , more heavily armed opponent and wins .
When the little guy uses unconventional tactics and surprises the opponent , it ’s called guerrilla warfare .
When some starry - eyed startup shocks the world with an underground marketing campaign that costs nothing but causes shockwaves for months , it ’s called guerrilla marketing .
This is the first installment of our ultimate Guide to Guerrilla Marketing .
We hear the term “ guerrilla marketing ” everywhere these days .
It ’s used to describe all sorts of marketing campaigns , from some scantily clad bottoms bearing the name of a business to the ill - fated Cartoon Network Lite - Brite stunt in Boston .
But what is at the heart of guerrilla marketing ?
What is the difference between a creative guerrilla marketing campaign and a more traditional form of advertising ?
We ’ll explore the inspiring world of guerrilla marketing in this multi-part series .
This iconic and often controversial form of advertising did n’t come into popular existence until the late 1970s .
Before that time , advertising was mostly about big budgets , big exposure , and catchy jingles .
Advertisers were all about the profits and bringing in new customers by the truckload .
Just like Darren on Bewitched , the ad men of the first half of the 20th century gave themselves ulcers worrying about how to make that Thompson ’s Toothpaste or Smith ’s Socks campaign one that they could retire on .
From the beginning of the 20th century until the 1940s or 50s , the main goal of advertisements seemed to be to educate the target audience rather than entertain or engage them .
Ads centered on telling the consumer something that they did n’t know before .
From posters on public fences to newspaper ads to radio and , later , television spots , advertisers assumed that the consumer needed to be taught .
This resulted in hilarious ( and dangerous ) campaigns like the “ smoking will make you thin ” one , or the infamous Lysol douche ads .
Over time , though , advertisers noticed that their advertising techniques were getting less effective .
Consumers could spot a pitch and were too jaded to fall for advertising the way they had a generation before .
By the 1970s , the advertising world was ready for a revolution .
That revolution came in 1984 when Jay Conrad Levinson ’s ideas for big advertising results with little investment hit the book stores .
Guerrilla Marketing laid out the secrets of subtle marketing that professional ad men had already known for years .
When the book was published , not even Levinson could have predicted how small businesses would take the concepts and run with them .
The attraction of guerrilla marketing is that it ’s not educational or preachy .
It makes the viewer think that they ’re in on a secret .
The more creative and jarring a campaign is , the more attention it gets .
Some of the most memorable guerrilla marketing events have made bystanders feel lucky to be there to witness them .
The goals of guerrilla marketing are relatively simple : use unconventional tactics to advertise on a small budget .
Forget about TV and radio ads – think outside of those boxes .
Create a trapezoid instead of a box .
Make your campaign so shocking , funny , unique , outrageous , clever , or creative that people ca n’t stop talking about it .
Back up your claims and make sure that whatever you ’re advertising is worth all of that buzz .
Levinson ’s ideas had been used for years to help underdog businesses vanquish their larger competitors .
The Marlboro Man , Pillsbury Dough Boy , and Jolly Green Giant can all be credited to teams including that rebel marketer who took their respective companies from relative obscurity to advertisement immortality .
The ideas that small business owners got from this book completely changed the way the advertising game was played .
For the first time , small businesses were able to garner as much attention as the big players .
By being quirky , personal , or just completely unexpected , the new generation of advertisements was taking the country – and the world – by storm .
Be sure to stayed tuned for the next installment in our series on the history of guerrilla marketing .
Which of your favorite brands have used guerrilla tactics to sell you something ?
Feel free to add examples in the comments below .
See More of Our 8 - Part Guerrilla Marketing Series :
Guerrilla Marketing 1 : History of Guerrilla Marketing
Guerrilla Marketing 2 : Origins and Evolution of Guerrilla Marketing
Guerrilla Marketing 3 : Major Corporations Go for Guerrilla Marketing
Guerrilla Marketing 4 : Guerrilla Marketing versus Viral Marketing
Guerrilla Marketing 5 : Guerrilla Marketing for Good Causes
Guerrilla Marketing 6 : 10 Types of Guerrilla Marketing
Guerrilla Marketing 7 : Is Guerrilla Marketing Right for You ?
Guerrilla Marketing 8 : The Future of Guerrilla Marketing
So you bought a compact fluorescent lightbulb in a bid to be green .
Such bulbs are vastly more energy - efficient than traditional incandescents and screw into standard sockets .
Should you treat them like their older cousins ?
After all , four - and eight - foot - ( 1.2 - and 2.4 - meter - ) long tubular bulbs common in more institutional settings are sometimes left on permanently , perhaps due to their slow , flickering start - ups .
The thinking is that the boost of energy such bulbs require to power up means that it might be best to keep them on when leaving a room , rather than subjecting them to the stress of a restart on your return .
Turns out , however , that power surge is so brief that its energy draw does n't amount to much : the equivalent of a few seconds or so of normal operation , according to U.S. Department of Energy estimates .
In other words , from a strict energy - conservation standpoint , it 's almost always beneficial to shut off fluorescents when leaving the room — the start - up energy is offset by the power saved in even the briefest outages .
But what about the wear and tear on the bulb itself ?
Being too switch - happy reduces the operating life of the lamp , and given that newer fluorescents are still a few times more expensive than old - fashioned incandescents , it makes sense to forestall burnouts .
There are also real environmental impacts of their production and disposal to consider .
A simple rule of thumb that balances both concerns is to shut off fluorescents if you ’re planning to leave a room for more than five minutes , according to Francis Rubinstein , a staff scientist in the Building Technologies Department at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 's Environmental Energy Technologies Division .
Mary Beth Gotti , manager of the GE Lighting & Electrical Institute in Cleveland , agrees .
For all practical purposes , " it almost always makes sense to turn the lights off , " Gotti says .
" From an environmental standpoint , the best way to save energy is to turn off the things that you 're not using . "
Rubinstein notes that , even for fluorescents , the cost of electricity over a bulb 's lifetime far outpaces the cost of the bulb itself .
" Even if you switch on and off a fluorescent light frequently , " he says , " the slight reduction in lamp life is a small effect relative to the energy savings you accomplish by being a good citizen . "
Gotti adds that the reduction in lamp life from frequent on - and - off switching can often be counterbalanced by the extension of " calendar life " — the actual passage of time between lightbulb replacements — that results from using the bulb for fewer hours .
That sort of calculation will probably become more common as compact fluorescent lightbulbs come down in price , cast more pleasant light and , most importantly , force their power - hungry competitors from store shelves .
The Australian government will phase out the sale of traditional incandescents in that country by 2010 , and the U.S. Congress has effectively mandated the same ban domestically by 2012 .
But whereas that new fluorescent bulb is sure to lower utility bills in your home , the real energy - crunch savior has been there all along : the light switch .
* Editor 's Note :
This is part one of a two - part series of Fact or Fiction ? on fluorescent lightbulbs .
The next , appearing on April 10 , will address the question of the mercury inside them .
OnlyDomains has four simple Hosting packages that are perfect for startups or brands looking to forge their way online .
Why host your domain with OnlyDomains ?
✔ 99 % UPTIME Network Guarantee
99 % UPTIME Network Guarantee ✔ Ultra Fast Network
Ultra Fast Network ✔ World Class Customer Support
World Class Customer Support ✔ Latest Intel quad or hex core server CPUs
Get your website up and running .
All packages come with free basic SSL , with the option to purchase premium SSL .
OnlyDomains.com
Mortimer McMire Nov 22 , 2006
by Ozma
I originally wrote this story as a reply in one of those " funny drinking stories " threads a couple of months ago .
It is a very embarrassing story about me when I was a stupid teenager , not that much different from a lot of people 's drinking stories , but with a twist of lemon .
Lots of people seemed to like it , so I thought I would illustrate and narrate the story in its own thread for maximum hilarity .
This all happened when I was 18 years old .
I had dropped out of highschool twice by this point , ditched a lot of my friends because I was a selfish idiot and generally did n't give a gently caress about anything .
I hardly ever ate anything and was skinny as gently caress , showered maybe once every three days , took a poo poo load of drugs and smoked like a chimney .
I did n't have any prospects for the future .
I just followed every impulse I had .
I stole hundreds of dollars of stuff from the gas station I worked at .
I stole poo poo from my parents .
I shop lifted .
I 'm sure lots of people have been through a phase like this and I feel very sorry for all of you .
Basically , I was a creepy , disgusting and smelly gently caress that almost no one would ever let their daughter be friends with .
Upon getting to know me , you would probably never want to see me again .
However , there was one exception to this rule .
My ex-girlfriend who I had broken up with about 4 years earlier was my only ( and best ) friend .
It seemed like no matter how strange , hosed up , depressed or disgusting I ever became , she loved me for who I was .
Yes , it was one of those " You are the best guy in the universe but I 'm not dating you " type moments where we were best friends and single , yet nothing seemed to happen .
For simplicity 's sake , we 'll call her Alice .
She was a bit shorter than me , had huge tits , amazing red hair , a great figure and was just wonderful .
And I loved her and always wanted to be with her .
Now , the trouble was that I hardly ever saw or talked to Alice , because I was a sociopathic nut case .
I had n't seen her for about three months , until one day , I get a call from her .
She told me how she was sad we had n't seen eachother for a long time and that I should come to an 18th birthday party with her .
One of her friends who I did n't know was the birthday girl .
Now , 18th birthday parties mean booze , so I had no reason not to go .
On the other hand , I was trying to clean myself up at this point , so I thought it would be a good opportunity to show Alice how organized and motivated I had become ( actually I had n't changed at all ) .
Even though she loved me ( so she said ) , I always thought the reason that we were n't together was because I was smelly and gross .
I decided that at this party , I would straighten my act up , look clean and act as charismatic and sociable as I could , and hopefully impress her friends as well .
So really , all I actually did was shower , shave , do my hair up and wear some nice clothes .
BUT no one would see the truth about me , that truth being that i was a creepy piece of poo poo .
At least I was n't wearing some pants stained with mustard and semen or a singlet with cigarette burn holes in it .
So anyway , I showed up at Alice 's house about 3 hours before we had to go to the party and she is all " Ooh how I 've missed you , " and " Wow you look really good tonight ! "
I was feeling optimistic at this point .
Hopefully tonight would be the night when my boyish charms would finally get through to her and we could gently caress like rabbits .
So , we are hanging around Alice 's house for the next couple of hours when her mom shows up .
Now , Alice 's mom is simply awesome .
She liked to cook awesome food , tell us funny stories , but most of all , she liked to drink .
So she comes storming in in this great mood telling us how great we look together and that we should have some alcohol .
She brings out two bottles of wine .
So we started drinking .
We talked about a lot of funny poo poo and laughed a lot .
Between the three of us , we drank four bottles of wine .
This was a great start to the evening .
Eventually , the time came around where we had to go to the party .
So off we went .
We were a bit more than tipsy by the time we got to the party .
When we got there , I realized that there was not a single man there .
I was the only one .
Most of the girls there were quite attractive , contrary to my drawing abilities .
What do you call the opposite of a sausage festival ?
I do n't know , but this was one of those .
And I had a sausage .
If I did n't end up getting the chance to bed Alice after tonight , then I could move on to the twenty or so other girls that were there .
So anyway , I was at a party with my best friend , lots of hot teenage girls and plenty of alcohol .
It was drinking time .
LOTS OF VODKA
LOTS OF ABSINTHE
Oh poo poo , now I was really drunk .
I was having a really good time at this point .
I was chatting a lot to the girls , feeling super confident and was well pissed .
Now , this is when the poo poo started to hit the fan .
I 'm sure a lot of you now are thinking , " I go out drinking with hot babes all the time ?
What 's so interesting about all this ? " or " I DRINK 8 GALLONS OF ABSINTHE A DAY ! "
Just be patient .
A girl shows up late to the party .
She looks like some kind of a hippie , with pretty loose clothes and some armpits hairs .
After greeting everyone and exchanging some chit chat , she sits down in a chair and starts rolling a joint .
I have a bit of a history with marijuana and other illicit substances .
Most of the people I 've seen that smoke weed seem to chill out and have a good time .
Although occasionally when I smoked it that would happen , half the time I would become extremely anxious and start freaking out inside of my own head .
I 'm one of those guys that has problems with marijuana .
Yet , despite this , I continued to smoke it whenever I got the chance .
As pissed as I was at that point in time , I figured that I would be ok if had some .
Now , lots of you crackheads out there will know that smoking marijuana after getting drunk is a bad idea .
You are right .
But that was n't the real issue here .
The real issue was that I was host to several mental problems at this point of time in my life , most notably a profound anxiety which was the cause ( or consequence ) of a lot of my life problems .
Smoking weed did n't help out in this department .
In fact , it really hosed my head up a lot .
Actually , being drunk was a bit of an issue too .
Uh oh !
I asked her if I could have some and she said yes .
After I 'd finished smoking , I sat down into my chair and relaxed for about five minutes .
I did n't seem to notice anything going on at this point in time .
I 'm sure people were chatting and having a great time , but I was totally lost within my own head .
Yup , I was getting stoned .
And I 'm drunk .
This is bad .
About ten minutes after I had smoked my joint , I started to feel the drunk / stoned sickness mixture starting to come on .
Everything in my field of vision started swirling , and everything i saw looked like it had colored sparks flying out of them .
I felt that something was really wrong , and this is the point where I started to freak out .
I looked at my hand at the sparks were coming out .
I felt like if I did n't do something immediately , then I was going to die .
I desperately pulled myself up out of my chair and stumbled my way across the room .
I knocked over a chair as I tried to move past it .
I ran outside and started pacing back and forth , not being able to shift my conscious thought away from something very bad happening .
I felt like I was going to fall to the ground and be absorbed into it as my body melted .
I was very , very afraid .
I felt like an idiot for smoking that joint .
Oh how I wish I wish I wish I did n't smoke that joint .
That was very bad .
Eventually I got to a point where I knew that I was going to throw up eventually , so I tried to make my way to the bathroom .
I found it with great difficulty , flung open the door and ran towards the toilet , getting a firm grip around it in preparation for the vomit .
I sat there for one minute ... then two ... then five minutes .
Nothing happened .
There was something amazingly comfortable about sitting there with my hands on that filthy toilet seat , and my chin hanging over the edge of it into the bowl .
I sat there for quite a while and all of my fears and anxiety started to disappear into nothingness .
All I wanted to do was sit there with my head in that toilet bowl .
Now , being extremely anxious , drunk and stoned at the same time is pretty difficult to describe .
After sitting there trying to avoid the outside world for a long time by keeping my head inside the toilet bowl , I was starting to feel like I needed to take a poo poo .
So I slowly took my head out of the toilet bowl , pulled my pants down and sat down on the seat .
It felt like there was a football up my rear end , and I tried to squeeze it out , but I was feeling way to weird from all of the drunkeness and stonedness to be able to squeeze it out .
I sat there for a while , staring at my crotch and tripping out .
None of this was at all pleasant .
I apologize if the story frightens you after this point .
While sitting there in that toilet seat and my brain failing to rationally think properly , I remembered that one of my favorite things to do while stoned was to masturbate .
Masturbating stoned ( and I 'm sure doing any sort of sexual activity stoned ) just feels totally amazing .
It was something I made a point of doing every time I smoked some weed .
As creepy as it sounds , at every party I 've ever been to and gotten stoned , I 've gone to the toilet to have a wank .
If I was discrete about it , no one would ever know .
Seeing as I was already in the toilet , I decided that I 'd have a tug while I was there .
As I was sitting there tugging away and drooling , I started to feel the stoned / drunk sickness coming on again .
It must have had something to do with putting all the effort into vigorously jerking off while I was barely able to stay balanced on the toilet seat .
Everything started to spin again .
Yet , at the same time , I was having the best jerk in the universe and nothing was going to stop me .
So there I was on that toilet seat , drunk , stoned , feeling like I was going to vomit , with a huge poo poo up my rear end and jerking off .
I came .
And vomitted .
At the same time .
All over my crotch .
On top of feeling very strange by all of the chemicals in my brain , the resulting sensations of ejaculating while vomitting sent a shockwave through my body which cause me to spasm with such intensity that I pushed myself off of the toilet seat .
As I was doing this , my bowels let loose and the stickiest , thickest poo poo I have ever had in my rectum forced it 's way out like in a long segment of Play - Doh coming out of the the cookie cutter mold .
Combined with my launch from the toilet seat , the poo poo smeared itself all over the seat and on my bare rear end .
To conclude this ultimate act of humilation , I fell to the tiled bathroom floor drunk , stoned , drooling , unconscious , covered in my own poo poo and vomit , with visible dribblets of semen on the bathroom floor and on my crotch and penis mixed with vomit .
At an all girl party .
And that concludes the story of the single most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me .
Actually , I 'm just kidding .
It gets worse .
I did n't close the door .
It was open the entire time .
By the time I was finished covering myself in filth , every girl at the party was either watching through the door , or screaming in horror in the next room about how horrible this was .
Apparently , some of the girls were yelling at me while I was busy , but I was too intoxicated to notice .
I shiver to think what they were yelling at me that entire time .
To say that everyone 's evening was ruined is an understatement .
Depending on how you look at it , I should either be feeling or about this whole fiasco .
In the meantime ,
This paper was originally given at the 1995 conference of the Medieval Association of the Pacific .
Before putting this online , I have made some minor revisions , mostly consisting of additional footnotes .
Near the beginning of her autobiography , the fifteenth - century mystic Margery Kempe relates her ill - fated attempts to make her worldly fortune .
Among her mercantile ventures , she turned her hand to brewing :
And than , for pure coveytyse & for to maynten hir pride , sche gan to brewyn & was on of þe grettest brewers in þe town N. a iij yer or iiij tyl sche lost mech good , for sche had neuyr vre þerto .
For , thow sche had neuyr so good seruawntys & cunyng in brewyng , yet it wold neuyr preuyn wyth hem .
For whan þe ale was as fayr standyng vndyr berm as any man mygth se , sodenly þe berm wold fallyn down þat alle þe ale was lost euery brewyng aftyr oþer , þat hir seruawntys weryn a - schamyd & wold not dwellyn wyth hir .
Þan þis creatur þowt how God had punched hir be - for - tyme & sche cowd not be war , and now eftsons be lesyng of hir goodys , & þan sche left & brewyd no mor . [ 1 ]
The basic narrative here seems clear enough .
The town " N " is Margery 's native town — Bishop 's Lynn , as it was then known , although since the reign of Henry VIII it has been called King 's Lynn .
There Margery started a fairly large brewery , which failed for a technical reason : the barm , or yeast , fell , something we would now call a stuck fermentation .
Her employees became embarrassed and quit .
Perhaps they did not wish to be associated with someone against whom providential disfavor was so clearly directed , perhaps they merely thought her incompetent .
The end result was that her business failed and she lost her capital .
For all its brevity , this account is a tantalizing glimpse into a craft which , considering its importance to daily life in medieval northern Europe , has attracted remarkably little systematic attention from scholars , and most of that attention has focused specifically on the role of alewives rather than the brewing industry as a whole .
Despite the failure of her brewery , I would like to consider Margery Kempe as a typical commercial brewer at the beginning of the fifteenth century and place the hints she gives us into a wider context of how medieval English breweries functioned .
I want to ask what it meant to be " one of the greatest brewers " in a fifteenth - century English town .
How was her ale produced , sold and distributed ?
How did the consumption of ale affect the larger economy ?
What did being a brewer imply about her standing in the community ?
In answering these questions , we will find that Margery 's adventure in brewing was notable only for its failure and because unlike her fellow brewers from the period she appears to us as a personality , not a mere name in a tax roll .
To understand how Margery 's brewery would have operated , we need to put the surviving records into the context of the brewing process itself .
These technical details are necessary first because the physical requirements of brewing in turn determine the economics of the trade ; second , because while medieval and modern brewing are generally similar , there are enough important differences that we cannot assume a knowledge of modern beer translates to an understanding of the medieval equivalent ; and third , because much of what has been written about the technical side of medieval brewing strikes me as inadequate .
Judith Bennett , for example , has done admirable work on English alewives , but when she states that " English ale soured within only a few days , " and that the ale trade was therefore entirely local , she over - simplifies to the point of being misleading .
[ 2 ]
The factors affecting the spoilage of ale are complex , and there was a demonstrable non-local trade in ale in some places , including Margery 's own town of Lynn .
The limited nature of the historical documents , of course , complicate any reconstruction of the economics of Margery 's brew - house .
For commercial brewers , the principal surviving records indicating their activities are the tax records for the assize of ale .
While the assize by itself yields valuable data , it gives no indication about how profitable these brewers were , or what exactly went into their ale .
Large noble and religious households , however , often did keep records related to their brewing , and since the physical process of brewing was essentially the same for private and commercial brewers alike , when these records are combined with data on market prices and taxation , a relatively complete picture of the ale trade emerges .
In particular , I shall pay close attention to the granary accounts for St. Paul 's Cathedral in London for the years 1283 and 1286 .
[3 ]
The salient data for 1286 are tabulated in the handout .
To the best of my knowledge , the accounts themselves have never been given systematic analysis , and provide early , detailed evidence of the operation of an English brewery .
They record not only the receipt and expenditure of grain but also the amount of ale produced and the various expenses for workers ' salaries and equipment maintenance .
Tellingly , the official in charge of these accounts was called the custos bracini , the warden of the brew - house , even though his responsibilities included the bakery , mill , and cellars as well as the brew - house .
All modern beers contain four basic ingredients : malted grain , primarily barley , hops , yeast , and water . [ 4 ]
In truly basic beer - making , however , the brewer needs only grain and hot water .
Yeast , which ferments the beverage to make it alcoholic , occurs everywhere and will naturally settle onto this " grain tea " if it is left standing for any length of time , in much the same way it will naturally leaven bread - dough .
Hops , which flavor and preserve the beer , are a comparatively recent introduction , and their mandatory use in all beers is , in fact , the major medieval innovation in brewing .
Because of this simplicity , beer is among the oldest of known foodstuffs .
The earliest instructions for making beer yet discovered were found on a 6000 - year - old Sumerian tablet that describes a beverage made from a kind of barley bread , which was then steeped in water and allowed to ferment naturally .
[ 5 ]
Such simple methods of producing beer , however , are not very efficient .
Chemically speaking , the goal in brewing beer is to convert the starches found in raw grain into sugar , which the yeast can then consume , producing alcohol in the process .
To convert more than a fraction of the starch to sugar requires an intricate , multi-step process , which was developed over a very long period of trial and error .
Sumerian beer would have been high in unfermented starches , and low in alcohol .
By the time we have any hints of medieval brewing procedures , a far more efficient system had been developed , evidently through many years of trial and error .
Necessarily , all beer and ale begins with raw grain .
Early on , brewers discovered that barley was the best grain to use , although wheat , oats , rye , even rice , can be used as well .
In those regions where all grains were available in sufficient quantities , barley 's suitability for brewing was economically convenient .
Barley alone is a poor bread - grain , since it lacks the gluten necessary to hold bread together .
Wheat and other grains , by contrast , do not have as many of the enzymes necessary for brewing .
By preference , therefore , barley was made into ale , and wheat into bread .
This division is reflected in language .
Barley was often used as a synecdoche for ale , and whenever a source refers simply to malt , or brasium in Latin , without identifying the type of grain , barley is implied .
Margery would have had little difficulty in brewing entirely with barley .
King 's Lynn is in Norfolk , which was predominantly a barley growing region .
Moreover , Lynn was a major center for the English grain market , and large quantities of grain were shipped through and stored in the town .
The effects of climate and soil upon crop yields , of course , frequently distorted this ideal .
In many regions the demand for brewing grains greatly exceeded the available supplies of barley , and so brewers tended to use whatever grains were on hand .
The costs of transport generally outweighed the benefits in improved quality .
Wheat was in some places added to beer , but it was never the primary brewing grain .
When writers refer to a wheat beer , they meant , as they still do today one that contained wheat , not one made entirely from it .
Where the supply of barley was inadequate , brewers generally turned to oats .
Exeter , in a region with a damp climate and sandy soils suitable primarily for oats , was well known for its oat beers into the 17th and 18th centuries .
[ 6 ]
The area around London also produced large quantities of oats .
Generally it has been assumed that these oats met the requirements of horse fodder for the city , but one hardly gets that impression from looking at the St. Paul 's accounts . [ 7 ]
The handout shows grain receipts and expenses for the year 1286 .
Each year , St. Paul 's received a fixed quantity of grain and money from thirteen manors , in 45 separate deliveries .
Depending on their sizes , different manors owed different numbers of payments , but the size of each payment was always the same : 3 s . 10d. in cash , which went towards the servants ' wages , 15 quarters of bread wheat , at seven bushels per quarter , 3 1/ 2 quarters of wheat ad grudum , literally " for the mash , " to be used for ale , 3 1/ 2 quarters of barley , also for brewing , and 16 quarters of oats , measured at 8 quarters per bushel , the vast majority of which was again used for brewing .
Each delivery was made on a different , precisely defined Sunday , which meant that regular brewing and baking consumed grain supplies at roughly the same rate they were brought in , obviating the need for the cathedral to store large quantities of grain .
Notice that while oats make up 45 % of all the grain supplied to St. Paul 's , they only used 3 % as horse fodder ; 96 % of the oats are used for brewing .
Clearly we cannot extrapolate the grain use of London from St. Paul 's records .
With their relatively sedentary lifestyle , canons must have had proportionately less need for horses , and hence horse fodder , than wealthy laymen .
Our estimates are further complicated by the fact that once used in brewing , the grains , which still contained nutrients , were then reused to feed , if not horses , then at least pigs and other livestock .
Nevertheless , other London brewers must have used a substantial portion of oats in their beer as well , and hence a significant proportion of the oats grown in the home counties must have gone , in its first use , to feed people rather than animals .
Dr. Johnson would have been appalled . [ 8 ]
Once the brewer has the raw grains , the first step in brewing is to malt them .
From a description of malting in the mid-13th - century Treatise of Walter of Bibbesworth , we know that medieval malting was , except for the lack of mechanical processing equipment , essentially identical to modern techniques . [ 9 ]
First , the grains are soaked in water for several days , and then they are turned out onto the malt - house floor , where they begin to sprout .
During this germination , the newly growing plant begins to break down the long starch molecules into shorter chains , and many of the necessary enzymes for the next step are developed .
The sprouting grains are allowed to grow for several days , and dried to kill the acrospire .
Drying was either done in the sun or in a kiln , each had its advantages .
Sun-drying produced the cleanest tasting malt , but was , of course , dependent upon good weather , and the acrospire might continue to grow to the point where it consumed all the grain 's nutrients , making it useless for brewing .
Kiln drying , on the other hand , assured the growth was stopped at a precise moment and could be done in any weather , but the fuel used in the kiln imparted various flavors to the malt , many of which were considered undesirable .
Straw and sea-coal were used where available as imparting the least taste , but most brewers used wood , and in some regions heather or peat , both of which left very strong aftertastes .
Further , kiln drying could be difficult to control .
Too great a heat would effectively toast the grain , destroying the necessary enzymes .
A dark - brown color to the malt was an indication that it had been too severely heated to make good ale on its own , and was called " second - grade malt " ( brasium commune or brasium cursale ) .
Malting is a discrete step in the brewing process , one that was very often done completely apart from the brewing .
If kept dry , malt will keep for a year or more , so there 's no particular requirement that malting be done close to the brewing day .
Moreover , the requirement for a kiln made self - malting inconvenient for many small - scale brewers , and even larger brewers often preferred to receive their grain ready to brew .
The result was that malt was frequently made on the farms , rather than at the brewery .
Wellenborough manor in Oxfordshire malted roughly one third of all the grain they produced before sending that malt on to Crowland abbey for brewing . [ 10 ]
This specialization appears to have occurred at a very early date .
The Domesday Book records malt as a frequent render . [ 11 ]
References to money spent on repairs show that St. Paul 's had its own kiln .
Evidently , the canons did their own malting as well .
One question not immediately evident from the accounts is how much of the grain was malted and how much was used raw .
To compare with modern beers , when oats are used today , for example in Oatmeal Stout , they are used in much smaller percentages , rarely more than 10 % of the total grain , and they are never malted .
In theory , at least , some of this grain might have been used raw , particularly the wheat , which even today is considered difficult to malt .
Frequent explicit references to oat malt , however , suggest that when oats were used in ale they were regularly malted , and indeed , the inventory of grain on hand at the time of St. Paul 's 1283 accounting explicitly states that all of the grain currently in storage for the brew - house was malted : 17 1/2 quarters of malted wheat , 17 1/2 quarters of malted barley , and 70 quarters of malted oats . [ 12 ]
Once the grain has been malted , the next step is to crush it to release the flour .
It is worth remembering that this grinding requires a mill , which means unless brewers owned a hand quern , or in the case of large operations had their own mill , a fee , usually 1/24th of the grain milled , had to be paid to the local miller .
It is possible to use the same mill for grinding , but the mash is more easily accomplished if the flour inside the grain is released without damaging the husks too severely , and thus one will find occasional reference to specialized malt - mills , which worked by pounding , rather than grinding , the grain .
Saint Paul's had their own horse - mill , with two servants to operate it , which ground both bread flour and malt .
Once the malt has been crushed , hot water is added to the grain , a step called " mashing . "
During the mash , several enzymes within the grains work on the starches to break them down into sugars .
Modern brewers know that these enzymes are active at different temperatures , and carefully manipulate the exact temperatures at which the mash sits to produce different effects in the final beer .
Medieval brewers had no thermometers , of course , and only an imperfect understanding of the effects of various temperatures , which made the mash the most artful step in the process .
The challenge was to add the just the right amount of scalding water to the cold malt .
If the result was too cold , the enzymes would not become active , if too hot , they would be destroyed .
If I had to suggest a cause other than divine interference for Margery 's failure at brewing , I would guess it was her mash temperature .
A mash at the wrong temperatures will yield a liquid high in unfermentable starches , and so the yeast will quickly use up the available food and then become dormant , producing exactly the symptom Margery describes .
After the grains have been mashed , the liquid , now sweet with sugars , is removed from the grain .
In modern practice , this is done by sparging , which involves slowly drawing the liquid from the bottom of the mash vessel while additional hot water is sprinkled on the grains from above .
The grain husks serve as a kind of giant sieve to filter out the undissolved particles from the liquid , which is known as wort .
This process has the effect of washing all the sugar out of the grain .
The older practice , described in later brewing guides and certainly used in the Middle Ages , was " parti- gyle " brewing , which involved drawing off the wort before adding more water to the grain , making a second , sometimes even a third infusion .
Each infusion was naturally weaker than the previous one , and they could either be recombined , or used to make drinks of different strength .
This latter practice gives rise to the term , familiar from Elizabethan and later literature , " small beer , " made from the last and weakest infusion .
The spent grain , which still had some nutritional value , was generally used , along with other byproducts from the brewing process , as animal feed .
In 1283 , St. Paul 's brew - house earned £ 4 10s .
5d. from the sale of spent malt .
Unfortunately , the accounts do not give the amount of spent malt actually sold or its unit value , so we cannot tell how much went to feed the house 's own animals .
If all of it was sold , however , the price was roughly 1d. per quarter .
The importance of small ale or beer in the overall consumption of ale and beer has probably been exaggerated .
We know that when it was brewed , this drink was generally allocated to servants .
But the assumption that this rather watery drink was the main beverage of ordinary people simply does not make sense .
For that to be feasible , small beer would have to have been brewed in much greater quantities than the stronger first beer .
But renaissance works on brewing make it clear that for a given quantity of beer made from the first runnings , only one third as much small beer could be made . [ 13 ]
In short , a large consumption of small beer implies an even greater quantity of strong beer .
Much of the ordinary drink must have been " single " ale or beer , in other words a drink of moderate alcohol strength made directly from a moderate quantity of grain .
I shall return to single ale and beer later .
The St. Paul 's accounts give a detailed record of how much ale each member of the cathedral household received , and make no mention of any differing strengths of beer .
Apparently , no small ale was made , even though the large quantities of grain used would have permitted it .
One important ingredient of the preceding step is so obvious it is often overlooked : water .
Brewers knew perfectly well that cleaner water meant better ale , and so sought the best supply .
The demands major brewers placed upon a town 's water supply , however , could be severe .
The canons of St. Paul 's brewed one hundred times in 1286 , each batch yielding 678 gallons . [ 14 ]
Even more water than that , of course , had to be used .
The grain itself absorbs a substantial amount of water during the mash , in this case about 260 gallons per batch , and we must also allow for water lost in the boil and in transferring the ale between vessels .
All in all , at least 1000 gallons of water for one batch is a reasonable estimate .
This one brewer , therefore , used over 100,000 gallons of fresh water every year .
Moreover , they took this water not from the Thames , but from the conduit , for which right they paid an annual fee of 53s .
4d .
Such demands , multiplied over a city full of brewers , eventually proved to outstrip capacity , for in 1345 London brewers were forbidden to take water from the conduit .
Instead , they had to draw their water from the Thames , which eased the demands upon the city 's water supply , but also greatly increased the amount of sediment in the brewing water .
Once the wort has been separated from the grains , it is boiled for a time with whatever flavorings are desired .
Today , aside from a handful of specialty beers the only flavoring used in beer is hops , which are the leafy cones from a particular kind of vine .
Hops provide a variety of different aromas and flavors to the beer , depending on their strain , but principally they make the beer bitter , which offsets the sweet taste of the raw wort , and they also contain antibacterial chemicals which help to preserve the beer .
Hop shoots had been used as a food by the Romans , and for medicinal purposes throughout Europe , but they do not appear to have been used by the Celtic and Germanic tribes in making the " wine made from barley " that Tacitus and other historians of antiquity describe .
The earliest reference to hopped beer comes from a 8th - century charter of the abbey of Saint - Denis , and spread through continental Europe during the course of the Middle Ages . [ 15 ]
England , however , clung to the unhopped beverage for an extraordinarily long time .
It was not until the 15th century that hopped beer came to England , creating at the same time a distinction between the words ale and beer .
In current usage , beer has become a generic term .
Ale is style of beer , in contrast with lagers , and signifies a beer fermented at relatively warm temperatures with a different kind of yeast .
That distinction , however , did not exist until the 19th century .
The Old English word beor never seems to have been very common , and despite what the OED claims , was more likely used as a synonym for mead rather than ale .
In any event , beer is rare in Middle English until the end of the fourteenth century , when it reappears , probably reborrowed from Dutch , to describe a hopped beverage imported from the continent .
In his Dietary of 1542 , Andrew Boorde explains the difference in a burst of national pride :
Ale is made of malte and water ; and they the which do put any other thynge to ale than is rehersed , except yest , barme , or goddesgood [ three synonyms ] , doth sophysticat there ale .
Ale for an Englysshe man is a naturall drinke .
Ale muste haue these properties , it muste be fresshe and cleare , it muste not be ropy , nor smoky , nor it must haue no wefte nor tayle .
Ale shulde not be dronke vnder .v. dayes olde ….
Barly malte maketh better ale than Oten malte or any other corne doth …
Beere is made of malte , of hoppes , and water ; it is a naturall drynke for a doche man , and nowe of late dayes it is moche vsed in Englande to the detryment of many Englysshe men … for the drynke is a colde drynke .
Yet it doth make a man fatte , and doth inflate the bely , as it doth appere by the doche mennes faces and belyes . [ 16 ]
The first English documents cited by the OED in which the term beer signifies the hopped beverage are customs records of the 1390's .
One of them , interestingly enough , is for Margery Kempe 's town of Lynn , where barrels of beer imported by alien merchants from the low countries were taxed .
Margery herself records what must be among the earliest instances of hopped beer consumption in English literature .
Recall that when she describes her brewery , Margery refers to the drink she produced as ale , using the ordinary word .
Elsewhere in her narrative , she describes a scene where she is walking home from York on a hot summer 's day with her husband : " beryng a botel wyth bere in hir hand . " [ 17 ]
It is logical that Lynn , with its extensive mercantile ties to the Netherlands should be among the earliest places to which beer was imported , and that Margery , whose own family traded extensively in Germany and Flanders , should be an early English drinker of the beverage .
Even more strikingly , she carries the beer in a bottle , although it 's unclear whether this was the ordinary package for the drink ( a surprisingly early instance , if so ) or simply a convenient container for someone who needed to take her drink to go . [ 18 ]
It was the preservative power of hops that eventually won them universal acceptance .
Other spices could create an extraordinary variety of flavors in beer , but they lacked hops ' preservative abilities , and so could only mask , rather than retard , spoilage .
It was the suspicion that spices were a deceit , intended to hide the taste of bad ale , as much as simple conservatism which probably kept hops from being adopted for so long .
When hopped beer was introduced , it was considered a separate beverage from ale , and was regulated separately .
Originally , the London brewers guild made only ale , and there was a separate organization for beer - makers .
Thus Tudor - era regulations prohibiting the use of hops in ale do not indicate , as is occasionally said , that hops were outlawed in England , but rather that laws were passed to maintain the distinction between ale and beer .
The prohibitions did not last long .
By the early seventeenth century most English were putting hops into their ale as well as their beer , albeit in smaller amounts .
National prejudice eventually gave way to the practical realization that ale made with hops simply kept longer , regardless of its strength .
The next step is to boil the wort .
With hops , the wort must be boiled at least an hour to dissolve the necessary chemicals .
Without them , the boiling could in theory be skipped , which made the process of brewing simpler , and most importantly from the brewer 's point of view , saved money on fuel .
There are compelling reasons to boil the wort anyway .
Sterilization of possibly contaminated water is one reason commonly cited , but to a certain extent " sterilization " is a misleading term .
Wort is naturally acidic , and as a result pathogenic bacteria will not grow in it .
Many other bacteria do grow quite well in ale and beer , but while they can make the drink taste so sour it becomes undrinkable , they will not do any serious harm .
What will happen if the wort is not boiled is that bacteria already in the wort will multiply very rapidly , and have the potential to spoil the ale before it has finished fermenting .
Boiling also has important effects on taste and appearance .
In an oath taken by the contract brewers for Oxford University in 1449 , the brewers promised " that they would boil their wort over a flame until it emitted a froth , and that they would skim the froth from the wort . " [ 19 ]
The notion of a scum rising to the surface of the boiling wort may not sound very appetizing , but it does not indicate impure water or malt .
Such a froth rises in modern brewing as well , and by removing it , the medieval brewers helped clarify their final product .
Once the boiling is complete , the wort must be cooled to the point where the yeast can begin to ferment .
The wort was poured into wide shallow cooling troughs , and generally left overnight .
Once cool , the wort was poured off the sediment that had settled in the bottom of the cooling troughs , yeast was beaten in , and the wort was poured into casks to ferment .
Depending on the strength of the ale and the temperature in the cellar , it could take from a few days to over a week for the fermentation to complete .
The ale was usually considered ready to serve within a day after fermentation had ceased .
Medieval brewers had no idea exactly what yeast was , or even that it was a biological organism .
The brewers knew quite well , however , that it was yeast which gave ale and beer their intoxicating quality .
One of the synonyms Andrew Boorde uses for " yeast " in the passage I read earlier , godisgood nicely sums up brewers ' feelings about this magical substance .
It was imagined that yeast dissolved impurities in the wort ; one eighteenth - century writer described it as " a very strong acid , " [ 20 ] .
For this reason , what we now call fermentation was called " purification . "
Practical experience had also shown medieval brewers that wort which was cooled quickly produced a better tasting and longer keeping drink .
Rapid cooling followed by the introduction of a sufficient amount of active yeast minimizes the amount of bacteria that can form and reduces off tastes .
When brewed in hot months , beer and ale were more liable to infection by undesirable bacteria .
Brewers called such beer " foxed , " because of the characteristic red tinge often seen on top of the fermenting yeast .
Lacking a modern brewery 's sterile procedures , brewers did their best by using the cooling tubs I have described , by brewing as much as possible in the cooler months , and by adding a large quantity of yeast to the wort rather than waiting for yeast to settle naturally .
This last practice lead to a trade in yeast .
Large brewers like the canons of St. Paul's , who had many batches fermenting throughout the year , had more than enough yeast to meat their needs .
Small brewers , on the other hand , who might only have brewed a few times a year , tended to buy yeast from the larger brewers or from the bakers .
In 1283 , St. Paul 's brew - house warden reported the rather substantial sum of 9 £ 6s .
3/4d . received from sale of dregs , which contain all the yeast that falls out of suspension after the ale has finished fermenting .
From the process I 've just described , the financial requirements for brewing become obvious .
If a brewer buys malt ready made , the necessary equipment was not exceedingly expensive : a vat for heating water ( most frequently made of lead ) , another for mashing the grain , wooden troughs for cooling , and barrels for fermenting .
Such supplies would have been within the financial reach of all but the poorest households .
To brew on any significant scale , however , obviously took substantially more capital , and studies of assize records have shown that most active brewers in a community tended to belong to the wealthiest families . [ 21 ]
The economic basis for brewing in a large institution , where much of the ale produced was consumed internally was , of course , somewhat different from a commercial brewery .
The combined brewery and bakery operation at St. Paul 's turned a tidy profit for the canons : 25 £ 19s.
1d. in 1286 .
Most of that money , however , came from the sale of surplus grain and byproducts of the operation : charcoal , spent malt , yeast , and so forth .
Very little ale was actually sold , only 37 gallons that year , out of almost 68,000 gallons brewed .
Production , in other words , was oriented towards internal consumption .
The cathedral , however , had little need to sell its ale .
Both grain and money to cover workers ' wages were supplied as rent from the farms they owned .
Commercial brewers like Margery had additional burdens which the canons of St. Paul 's could largely ignore .
Not only did they have to purchase their grain on the open market , but they were subject to the assize of ale .
As early as Anglo - Saxon England , some locales imposed a tax upon the selling of ale . [ 22 ]
Later , this system was supplanted by the assize .
Ostensibly , the assize controlled the profits that brewers could make on their product , penalizing them for selling their product at excessive prices .
In fact , though , the values set were such that no commercial brewer could reasonably obey the assize , and it quickly grew to be a de facto tax on its own .
The assize for 51 Henry III , is representative : when a quarter of wheat sells for 3s or 3s 4d ; a quarter of barley for 20d or 2s , and a quarter of oats for 16d. , brewers in cities are to sell 2 gallons of ale for a penny , and those in the country , 3 or 4 gallons per penny .
Notice that the assize fixes the price of ale based on the price of the raw grains , and therefore implicitly fixes the maximum amount of malt that could be used without breaking the assize .
The price in the country is as much as half that of the city , which reflects the added costs of transporting the grain .
At the country price of 1 / 4 penny per gallon for a standard 36 gallon barrel will sell for 9d .
To brew entirely from barley , we would need to make 3 barrels from one quarter simply to recover the cost of the grain .
When we allow money for fuel , milling tolls , and a profit margin , we would need to make at least four barrels , perhaps even five .
Our costs go up even further if we do not make our own malt , or take into account repairs to the brewery equipment or the wages of servants .
Using less expensive oat malt will help , but not by much .
Since renaissance recipes are unanimous that single beer is brewed at the ratio of 1 quarter of grain for 3 barrels , and since official ale - tasters ensured that brewers did not make their ale too watery , it is evident that it was virtually impossible to keep the assize , even if a brewer did not sell stronger varieties of beer .
In other words , for practical purposes , the assize was a tax on commercial brewing . [ 23 ]
Much of the trade in ale was driven by considerations of transport and spoilage .
The common wisdom holds that because ale without hops spoiled so rapidly , the trade was entirely local .
To a certain extent , the common wisdom is true , particularly in reference to ale of ordinary strength .
Hopped beer keeps substantially longer than unhopped ale of the same strength .
Scholars have , however , tended to exaggerate how quickly ale spoiled , and hence to overlook evidence to the contrary .
First , as ale spoils , it grows increasingly sour .
But this sourness is not necessarily an entirely bad thing , at least in moderation .
Besides preserving beer , hops add bitterness to offset the sweetness of the wort .
Without hops , the sourness caused by bacteria can serve the same function . [ 24 ]
Further , alcohol itself acts as a preservative , and ale brewed with as much grain as the canons of St. Paul 's used can easily approach the strength of wine .
Such ales could keep for months at the very least , particularly if brewed in winter .
These strong ales were in fact exported from King 's Lynn in significant quantities .
For the year 1322 - 3 , the records for customs paid by alien merchants upon exported goods show many shipments of ale leaving the harbor . [ 25 ]
The trade is entirely a winter one .
The first ship carrying ale leaves on December 16 , the last on March 16 .
And while the records simply call the ale cervisia with no indication of its strength , the value assigned to the goods , on average 1 1/2d .
per gallon , make it clear that this ale is much stronger than ale sold at the assize .
Weaker ales were not profitable to transport not merely because they spoiled quickly , but because they were too low in value to justify the shipping costs .
The social context for ale consumption is well known , and I will not belabor the integral role ale played in the social life of the medieval English .
The generous ale allowances for monks , and the seeming omnipresence of brewers and ale - houses have given the impression that beer was the primary drink of most medieval English people , preferred for reasons of health as much as its intoxicating qualities .
Judith Bennett , for instance , claims that " ale was virtually the only liquid consumed by medieval peasants ( water was , probably justly , considered to be unhealthy . " [ 26 ]
However if we consider the implications that ale - drinking on such a scale has for crop production , universal consumption becomes an untenable proposition .
Let me illustrate the consequences for Domesday England by supposing an average daily consumption of one gallon of ale per person .
If ale were really the only drink , a gallon would not be very much .
Estimates for the Domesday population vary , but I will assume a relatively low count of 1.5 million people . [ 27 ]
If they drank nothing but small beer , brewed at one quarter of grain for every three barrels , that implies an annual allocation of nearly 6 million quarters , 48 million bushels , of grain to brewing .
If crops yielded an average of ten bushels per acre , 4.8 million acres of arable land would have been required just to grow beer grains , which is two - thirds of the all the land in England that Lennard estimates was under cultivation at the time . [ 28 ]
These numbers , of course , are very rough , but they assume low population and high crop yields for the time .
In other words , they postulate the best plausible situation for surplus grain to devote to brewing .
Even with such conservative figures , however , universal ale consumption would have required most grain to go into beer production rather than serving as a primary foodstuff .
For a society that did not produce extraordinary surpluses of food to start with , that seems an implausible situation .
Grain , in the form of bread and grain - based porridges , made up the base of the diet for the vast majority of medieval English and beer brewing always had second priority . [ 29 ]
During times of poor harvest , as happened for example during the Great Famine of 1315 - 1322 , communities might ban the use of certain grains for use in beer . [ 30 ]
In the later Middle Ages , of course , improvements in agriculture led to higher crop yields , reflected in additional ale production .
Norfolk harvest workers , for example , received larger and larger allowances of ale as the centuries progressed . [ 31 ]
Nevertheless , ale consumption , at least by the poor , must have been much more occasional than is often admitted ; agricultural production simply could not sustain it .
Well - to - do peasants probably , and monks and gentry certainly , had enough ale available to have lived in a continual drunken haze if they so wished .
Overall consumption , however , must have been very much less .
With the context I have sketched , we can now consider how closely Margery Kempe fits the prototype of a medieval brewer .
Socially , Margery fit the profile exactly .
She came from a wealthy family , and so could afford the investment in equipment , grain , and wages necessary to begin .
She also considered brewing a means to enhance both her social and financial standing .
As a married woman , brewing was considered a natural , socially approved profession for her to chose .
Indeed , so strong was the stereotype of medieval wives as brewers that Margery may have been drawn by that stereotype into a profession for which she had little actual training , for economically , she was obviously a failure , and it is very likely that she exaggerated when she claimed to have been one of King 's Lynn 's largest brewers .
There are only two records of Margery 's brewing activities in the assize of ale , for the years 5 Henry IV and 6 Henry 4 ( Sept. 30 , 1403 - Sept 29 , 1405 ) . [ 32 ]
The records are under the name of Margery 's husband , John Kempe , the normal practice for married women , and show the first year she brewed 6 quarters per week , and the second year 2 quarters a week .
The amount of grain used during the first year is a reasonably large quantity , and supports her claim to be a commercial brewer .
Six quarters , however , puts her in the second rank of commercial brewers in King 's Lynn .
At the end of the 14th century , for example , one brewer was in the assize was using four times that amount : 24 quarters per week , and a number of other brewers are shown brewing 8 or more quarters per week .
[ 33 ] 2 quarters per week , on the other hand , is a decidedly small amount for a commercial brewer .
Perhaps it reflects
Margery 's troubles with her yeast , but I cannot help but feel Margery 's story is suspiciously tidy .
Margery would have us believe she was one of the greatest brewer in Lynn for 3 or 4 years before her career was cut short by divine intervention , but for a fermentation to fail in the manner she describes implies incompetence in brewing , hardly likely if she had been brewing successfully for some years before the mishap .
A more likely explanation , supported by the assize records , is that she never managed to brew very successfully , and that her later recounting of her time as an alewife shaped events to fit her desire to see her life as affected by divine providence .
Notes :
[ 1 ] Margery Kempe , The Book of Margery Kempe , ed. Sanford Brown Meech .
Early English Text Society , Original Series , no. 212 , pp. 9-10 .
[ 2 ] Judith M. Bennett , Women in the Medieval English Countryside : Gender & Household in Brigstock Before the Plague .
Oxford UP ( 1987 ) , p. 120 .
[ 3 ] The Domesday of St. Paul's of the year M.CC.XXII. , ed. William Hale Hale .
Camden Society ( 1858 ) . , pp. 154-75 .
These documents have attracted brief attention in some popular histories of brewing , but their accounts are garbled .
The word Domesday seems to have mislead some authors into believing that the records appear in the Domesday Book and hence are eleventh , rather than thirteenth century .
See , for example , Randy Modher , The Brewers Companion .
Alephenalia ( 1992 ) , p. 19 .
[ 4 ]
Many books give step - by - step accounts of the brewing process .
See , for example , Byron Burch , Brewing Quality Beers , 2nd ed. Joby Books , 1993 .
Readers who want more detail on the chemical basis of the process should consult George Fix , Principles of Brewing Science .
Brewers Publications , 1989 .
[ 5 ]
In the " Hymn to Ninkasi " .
To call this hymn a recipe is somewhat misleading .
It gives a general description of making beer , but no specific measurements .
Modern brewers , however , have attempted to reconstruct the process .
A translation of the hymn is available online
[ 6 ]
Maryanne Kowaleski , Local markets and regional trade in medieval Exeter .
Cambridge UP ( 1995 ) , p. 14 .
[ 7 ]
Bruce M. S. Campbell , " Ecology Versus Economics in Late Thirteenth - and Early Fourteenth - Century English Agriculture , " in Agriculture in the Middle Ages , ed. Del Sweeney , U of Pennsylvania P ( 1995 ) , p. 82 .
[ 8 ]
In his dictionary , Johnson defines oats this way : " A grain , which in England is generally given to horses , but in Scotland appears to support the people . "
[ 9 ]
Walter of Bibbesworth , Le Traité de Walter de Bibbesworth , ed. Annie Owen ( 1929 ) .
[ 10 ] Frances M. Page , ed. Wellingborough Manorial Accounts , A.D. 1258-1323 , from the Account Rolls of Crowland Abbey .
Northamptonshire Record Society , 1936 .
[ 11 ] Domesday Book .
A Survey of the Counties of England .
General ed. , John Morris. 35 vols .
See , for example vol 13 , Buckinghamshire , 12,3 ; and vol. 25 , Shropshire 4,4,11 .
[ 12 ]
Hale , p. 170 .
[ 13 ]
See , for example , Gervase Markham .
The English Hus - Wife .
London , 1616 .
[ 14 ]
The measure used in the original is a " bolla " ; exactly how large this was is uncertain , but approximately one gallon is a reasonable estimate , given the quantities of grain used .
[ 15 ] Léo Moulin " Bière , houblon et cervoise , " Bulletin de l'Académie Royale de la Langue et de la Litérature Françaises , Vol. 59 ( 1981 ) , p. 122 .
[ 16 ] Andrewe Boorde .
A Compendyous Regymentor a Dyetary of helth .
( 1557 ) , fol .
G.ii - iii .
[ 17 ] Kempe , p. 23
[ 18 ]
Neither the OED nor the MED cites this occurrence , although it is a strikingly early appearance .
[ 19 ] " quod aquam tamdiu conquerent super ignem quamdiu emitteret spumam , et quod mundarent spumam ab aqua " Munimenta Academica , or Documents Illustrative of Academical Life and Studies at Oxford .
ed. Henry Anstley , 2 vols .
Rolls Series , 50 .
London , 1868 . ( vol. 2 , p. 541 ) .
[ 20 ] William Ellis .
The London and Country Brewer . 2nd ed. ( 1736 ) , p. 76 .
[ 21 ]
Kowaleski's discussion of the situation in Exeter likely reflects the general situation in many medieval English communities .
Cf. op . cit. , pp. 129-132 .
[ 22 ]
The Domesday book records , for example , that there was a ten - pence tax in Hereford : " Cujusconque uxor braziabat intus et extra ciuitatem ; dabat .x. denarios per consuetudinem . " ( 192a )
[ 23 ]
This analysis dovetails with Kowaleski's comment that " By the early fourteenth century ... the annual amercements for breaking the assize of ale had become little more than a type of licensing fee for the privilege of brewing and retailing ale . "
Ibid. , p. 187 .
[ 24 ]
One variety of modern beer , lambic , deliberately uses certain bacteria for just this sort of sourness .
They do use hops , but generally of a mild variety .
[ 25 ] Dorothy M. Owen , The Making of King 's Lynn. Records of Social and Economic History , n.s. 9 . British Academy ( 1984 ) , p. 343-6 .
[ 26 ]
Bennett , ibid .
[ 27 ]
Estimates range from 1.1 to over 25 million .
For a summary , see Richard Smith , " Human Resources , " in The Countryside of Medieval England , ed. Grenville Astill and Annie Grant .
Blackwell ( 1988 ) , p. 190 .
[ 28 ] R. Lennard , Rural England 1086 - 1135 .
Oxford UP ( 1959 ) , p. 393 .
The estimate of 10 bushels per acre is a relatively generous one for the period ; later recorded yields were often less ( although in some regions they could be higher ) .
Additionally , since some seed must be reserved for to sow the next season 's crop , the actual amounts harvested would need to be at least 12 to 15 bushels per acre to afford this much grain for actual consumption .
Summaries of documented crop yields and ratios from later periods are given in Christopher Dyer , Standards of Living in the Later Middle Ages : Social Change in England , c. 1200 - 1500 .
Cambridge UP ( 1989 ) , pp. 127-131 .
[ 29 ] Chrstopher Dyer , " English Diet in the Later Middle Ages , " pp. 191-214 in Social Relations and Ideas : Essays in Honour of R.H. Hilton , T.H. Aston , P.R. Cross , C.C. Dyer and J. Thirsk , eds. London , 1983 .
[ 30 ] See The Statutes of the Realm , vol .
1 . London , 1810 .
AD 1315 , 8&9 Edw II ( I.340 b ) " Ad Petitionem eorundem , supplicantium Regi & ejus Consilio , quod Breve de Cancellaria eisdem Burgensibus ad proclamandum in dicta Villa Wynton ' concedatur , Quod nulli Braciatores seu Braciatrices in eadum Villa Braseum de certo faciant de Frumento , quia Frumentum in illa Patria destructum est . "
[ 31 ] Dyer , Standards of Living , p. 158 .
[ 32 ] Kempe , p. 364 .
[ 33 ]
Owen , p. 421 .
This artistic representation of a giant impact on Mars was created from simulations by Marinova et al. ( Nature , 2008 ) .
Mars is shown using a combination of Viking color images and shaded relief from the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter ( MOLA ) .
Mars ' two - faced nature may have been caused by a giant kickin the head , according to a new study .
Recent evidence suggests the vast disparity seen between thenorthern and southern halves of the planet is caused by the long ago impact ofa gigantic space rock into Mars .
The finding , based on a survey of the red planet 's gravityand topography , provides the first convincing support for the idea that the redplanet is the site of the largest impact crater in our solar system .
Thecollision that caused the scar would have occurred more than 3.9 billion yearsago , the researchers said , around the time an even larger asteroid is thoughtto have struck Earth , formingour planet 's moon .
" This impact is really one of the defining events in Mars ' history , " said MIT postdoctoral researcher Jeffrey Andrews - Hanna , who led the new study with MIT geophysicist Maria Zuber and NASA Jet PropulsionLaboratory researcher Bruce Banerdt .
" More than anything this hasdetermined the shape of the planet 's surface .
Mars would not be the planet itis today if this had n?t occurred . "
Two - faced planet
Scientists have been scratching their heads trying toexplain the differences between the two sides of Mars for about 30 years .
Thenorthern hemisphere of the planet is smooth and low , and some experts think itmay have contained avast ocean long ago .
Meanwhile , the southern half of the Martian surface isrough and heavily - cratered , and about 2.5 miles to 5 miles ( 4 km to 8 km ) higher in elevation than the northern basin .
Scientists first proposed the idea of a space rock impact toexplain the difference in 1984 , but for a long time this hypothesis had less supportin the field than a competing idea , that internal processes , such as theconvection of heat through the mantle , created the different features .
" In the past it has been thought that it just doesn ' tlook like an impact crater , " Andrews - Hanna said .
" The outline justlooked irregular , not circular . "
By combining detailed topographical data from the MarsGlobal Surveyor mission with measurements of the variations in the planet ' sgravitational field made by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter satellite , Andrews - Hanna and his team assembled a map of the Martian surface beforevolcanic eruptions added layers and obscured the boundary between thehemispheres .
The map revealed a stunning elliptical basin shape covering about40 percent of Mars ' surface .
" This was a kind of surprising result , " Andrews - Hannasaid .
" What we noticed is that the dichotomy boundary around the planetwas actually smooth and regular .
We tested to see if we could fit this with anyshape , and it just so happens that it 's almost perfectly fitted by an ellipse .
There 's only one process that ?s known to make an elliptical depression likethat , and that ?s a giant impact . "
The discovery helps to overcome a major criticism of the spacerock impact suggestion , that there is not enough visual evidence to support it .
" This is the one thing that nobody had seenbefore , " Andrews - Hanna told SPACE.com .
" One of the mainarguments against the giant impact hypothesis was that it doesn?t look like animpact basin , therefore that 's not a good solution .
Now we can say that all theevidence we have available to us is pointing toward a giant impact .
We can ' tdisprove the other hypotheses , but I think it becomes a challenge now for thosehypotheses to explain the feature . "
The elliptical crater the study revealed is roughly 5,300 miles ( 8,500 km ) across and 6,600 miles ( 10,600 km ) long , about the size of thecombined area of Asia , Europe and Australia .
That makes this crater about fourtimes larger than the next - biggest impact basins known , the Hellas basin onMars and the South Pole - Aitken basin on the moon .
Proof ?
The research changes the debate about the two faces of Mars , but does n't settle the question forever .
" I think it 's an important step forward , but it's notthe last word , " said Jay Melosh , a planetary scientist at the Lunar and Planetary Lab at the University of Arizona , who was not involved in the newstudy .
" It certainly makes the impact scenario look a lot more plausiblethan it did before .
It ?s a very strong argument in favor of the giant impact , but there is still no proof . "
In order to prove the features seen on Mars are the resultof a space rock smash and not some other event or process , scientists wouldneed to find rocks or minerals that could have formed only as the result of animpact .
" If you have a big impact it changes the rocks incharacteristic ways , " Melosh said .
" Minerals like quartz are changedinto a form that only occurs at high pressure .
It 's thatkind of change we use on Earth to verify whether impact craters are causedby an impact or something else .
If they are right we should be able to findevidence in Martian rocks . "
This kind of test will have to wait a while until humans canmount missions to Mars to search for these rocks .
Scientists would probablyneed a suite of samples returned from various areas on the planet to be sure , Melosh said .
Modeling the impact
The map created by Andrews - Hanna and his colleagues will be publishedin the June 26 issue of the journal Nature , along with two other papersthat support the Mars findings .
For the latter papers , two groups of researchers usedcomputer models to study the effects such an impact would have had on theplanet .
Caltech graduate student Margarita Marinova and planetaryscientists Oded Aharonson of Caltech and Erik Asphaug of the University ofCalifornia , Santa Cruz ( UCSC ) tested a series of theoretical space rocksapproaching Mars with various velocities , energies and sizes .
The scientistsfound that an asteroid about one - half to two - thirds the size of Earth 's moonstriking Mars at an angle of 30 to 60 degrees could have produced a basin suchas the one mapped by Andrews - Hanna 's team .
The results help address one of the other main objections tothe impact hypothesis ?
the suggestion that any space rock massive enough toform such a large basin would have melted so much of the planet 's surface thatall evidence of it would be erased .
" They found , contrary to what was previously thought , that you don?t produce that much melt , " Andrews - Hanna said .
" Most ofthe melt gets contained in the basin . "
Another computer model , by UCSC planetary scientist FrancisNimmo , graduate student Shawn Hart , associate researcher Don Korycansky , and Craig Agnor of Queen Mary University , London , complements these findings .
This group simulated the behavior of the Martian crustduring an impact and found that not only could an impact such as the oneproposed cause the differences seen in Mars ' two halves , it could also explainother features seen on the red planet , such as magnetic field anomalies foundin the Southern hemisphere .?
Nimmo's model showed how shock waves from the impact on the northernhemisphere would travel through the planet and disrupt the crust on the otherside , causing changes in the magnetic field .
" The impact would have to be big enough to blast thecrust off half of the planet , but not so big that it melts everything , " Nimmo said .
" We showed that you really can form the dichotomy thatway . "
World Laparoscopy
Hospital is the leading name among the world - class academic Minimal Access Surgery institute on this planet .
WLH is accredited by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers ( NABH ) .
This internationally renowned institute is a Scientific , Clinical , and Educational center to improve the quality of care for the Minimal Access Surgical patient by setting high standards of laparoscopic and robotic surgical education and its clinical practice .
World Laparoscopy Hospital 's training Institute is situated in Gurugram , India , United Arab Emirates , and the United States of America .
This institution meets the guidelines as established in the " Framework for Post Residency Surgical Education and Training " and is endorsed at the Gold level by various international organizations including WALS and ICRS .
This Internationally renowned Institute of Minimal Access Surgery has an outstanding pool of doctors , scientists , and researchers to foster multidisciplinary investigation , inspiring new ideas and discoveries .
The patient is the most important person in a medical care system , and it should be recognized by all those who work in the system .
WLH is maintaining the highest ethical standards of laparoscopic and robotic surgery by putting the patient 's interests ahead of the institution and demonstrating the courage to do what is right .
Providing World Class patient care has become a priority for our hospital with the overall objective of achieving a high degree of patient satisfaction .
Here ’s a graph of the 50 states ( actually , I think Alaska and Hawaii are missing ) , showing the average economic and social ideology of adults within each state .
Each of these is scaled so that negative numbers are liberal and positive are conservative ; thus , people in Massachusetts are the most liberal on economic issues and people in Idaho are the most conservative :
West Virginians are on the liberal side economically but are extremely socially conservative , whereas Vermont is about the same as West Virginian on the economic dimension but is the most socially liberal of all the states .
Coloradans are economically conservative ( on average ) but socially moderate ( or , perhaps , socially divided ; these are averages only ) .
How do these rankings fit with our usual rankings of states ?
Here ’s a plot showing average economic and social ideology for each state , plotted vs. George W. Bush ’s vote share in 2000 :
Democrats and Republicans separately
The next step is to break these voters down into Democrats and Republicans ( based on self - reported party identification and following the usual practice among political scientists of throwing the “ leaners ” into the regular party categories ) .
In the graph below , each state is shown twice : the avg social and economic ideologies of Democrats in the state are shown in blue , the avgs for Republicans in red .
We made these graphs during the primary election season , and one thing we noticed was that South Carolina ( “ SC ” ) is in the middle of the pack among Democrats and among Republicans , but it ’s one of the most conservative states overall .
My take on this : South Carolina is a strongly Republican state , and the moderates in South Carolina are likely to identify as Republican .
This pulls the Republican average to the left ( as they includes the moderates ) and also pulls the Democratic average to the left ( as they are not including so many moderates ) .
But the big thing we see from the graph immediately above is that Democrats are much more liberal than Republicans on the economic dimension :
Democrats in the most conservative states are still much more liberal than Republicans in even the most liberal states .
On social issues there is more overlap ( although in any given state , the average Republican is more conservative than the average Democrat ) .
Details on data
David Park and I made these graphs from the Annenberg pre-election survey from 2000 ( with its huge sample size ) , creating indexes based on issue opinions , giving each respondent an economic and social ideology score .
We scaled these so that each had a national average of 0 and standard deviation of 0.5 .
( We used these scales in our Red State , Blue State book , but these particular graphs never made it into the book . )
P.S .
Yes , I know the graphs could be better .
We made them a few months ago and have n’t organized them into any final form .
P.P.S. More info here .
Remembering Czechoslovakia
A reader notes that John McCain today expressed concern about Russia 's " reducing the energy supplies to Czechoslovakia . "
Which has n't existed for nearly two decades .
Eerie Echoes of Watergate Sweep Washington After D.C. Federal Court Defies White House Bid to Block a Judicial Inquiry ; ACLU Files Motion in N.Y. Federal Court to Hold CIA in Contempt for Violating ' 04 Court Ruling
The loneliest man in Washington ?
In this 2002 photo , President Bush walks his dog , Spot , on the south lawn of the White House .
The image is apt : Bush may now be following in the footsteps of Richard Nixon by stonewalling congressional and judicial investigations of an alleged cover - up of torture tactics by the CIA against suspected al - Qaida operatives .
Nixon did the same thing in the Watergate investigation three and a half decades earlier -- and destroyed his presidency as a result .
( White House file photo by Eric Draper )
( Updated 2:30 p.m. EST Thursday , December 20 , 2007 )
By Skeeter Sanders
A U.S. District Court Judge in Washington ordered the Bush administration Tuesday to answer questions about the destruction of Central Intelligence Agency interrogation videos of two al - Qaida suspects , amid growing suspicions that the White House is engaging in a Watergate - style cover - up of CIA interrogation tactics banned as torture under U.S. and international law .
Rejecting the government 's efforts to keep the courts out of the investigation , U.S. District Judge Henry Kennedy ordered Justice Department lawyers to appear at a hearing scheduled for Friday morning to discuss whether destroying the tapes , which showed two al - Qaida suspects being questioned , violated his 2005 court order .
==================
BUSH CLAMS UP ON TAPES ISSUE WHILE CIA BOWS TO CONGRESS
The New York Times
WASHINGTON — President Bush deflected questions on Thursday about the destruction of Central Intelligence Agency 's interrogation tapes , saying that he will withhold comment until investigations into the affair are complete .
Nor would the president respond directly when asked whether he thought the C.I.A.’s 2005 destruction of the videotapes showing harsh questioning of two suspected terrorists was “ the responsible thing to do . ”
The president said he was confident that inquiries being started by Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey , by the C.I.A. ’s own inspector general ’s office and in Congress “ will end up enabling us all to find out what exactly happened . ”
The president spoke a day after the CIA agreed to make documents related to the destruction of interrogation videotapes available to the House Intelligence Committee and to allow the agency ’s top lawyer , John Rizzo , to testify about the matter .
It remained unclear , however , whether Jose Rodriguez , who as chief of the agency ’s clandestine service ordered the tapes destroyed in 2005 , would testify .
Officials said Rodriguez ’s appearance before the committee might involve complex negotiations over legal immunity at a time when the Justice Department and the intelligence agency were reviewing whether the destruction of the tapes broke any laws .
====================
CIA Destroyed Tapes Despite 2005 Court Order to ' Preserve Evidence '
Acting in a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of detentions at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , Judge Kennedy ordered the Bush administration in June 2005 -- five months before the tapes were ordered destroyed by Jose Rodriguez , Jr. , then the chief of the CIA 's clandestine operations -- to safeguard " all evidence and information regarding the torture , mistreatment , and abuse of detainees now at .
. . Guantanamo Bay . "
Attorneys representing a group of Yemeni detainees at Guantanamo had asked Kennedy to hold a hearing on whether the tapes ' destruction violated that order .
The now - destroyed recordings involved suspected al - Qaida terrorists Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri .
Government lawyers told Judge Kennedy the tapes were not covered by his court order because because Zubaydah and al - Nashiri were being kept in secret prisons at the time , not at the Guantanamo military prison in Cuba .
By the time President Bush acknowledged the existence of those prisons and Zubaydah and al - Nashiri were transferred to Guantanamo , the tapes were destroyed .
Acting Assistant Attorney General Jeffrey Bucholtz was said in court documents to be concerned that Kennedy might order CIA officials to testify about the tapes .
Bucholtz said that " could potentially complicate the ongoing efforts to arrive at a full factual understanding of the matter . "
Bucholtz also argued that Kennedy does not have jurisdiction over the matter in any case .
Kennedy 's decision could , as a result of Friday 's hearing , lead to charges of obstruction of justice levied against the government .
ACLU Seeks Contempt Citation Against CIA
Over Destroyed Tapes
Attorneys in other cases , meanwhile , began pressing other judges to demand information about the tapes .
The ACLU filed a motion in U.S. District Court in New York last Wednesday seeking a contempt - of - court citation against the CIA for violating a judge 's 2004 order to produce records concerning the treatment of all detainees apprehended after the 9/11 attacks and held in U.S. custody abroad -- not only at Guantanamo , but also at the CIA 's secret prisons in Eastern Europe .
The ACLU had filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit in June 2004 .
U.S. District Court Judge Alvin Hellerstein ordered the CIA and other government departments the following September to " produce or identify " all relevant documents by October 15 .
The CIA argued in its response that some of the documents were the subject of an inquiry by the CIA 's inspector general and requested a stay of the judge 's order .
Judge Hellerstein denied the CIA 's request for a stay , but did not enforce his decision when the CIA immediately filed a motion for the judge to reconsider his ruling .
CIA lawyers have since kept the ACLU lawsuit at bay by filing repeated motions for continuance .
With the agency 's admission that it had destroyed the interrogation videos , the ACLU filed its contempt motion .
If Judge Hellerstein holds the CIA in contempt , the resulting furor could snowball to a full - scale constitutional confrontation between the executive and judicial branches .
White House Balks at Sharing Info With Congress on Tapes Probe
Suspicions that the White House is engaging in a cover-up of alleged CIA torture tactics had intensified over the weekend as the White House balked Friday at providing Congress with details about the joint investigation by the Justice Department and the Central Intelligence Agency 's inspector general into the destruction of hundreds of hours of videotapes of CIA agents interrogating suspected al - Qaida operatives .
Congressional leaders of both parties promptly fired back that the White House has no right to interfere with Congress ' constitutional oversight authority to investigate the activities of the executive branch and vowed to press on with their probes -- issuing subpoenas if necessary .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey refused lawmakers ' requests to furnish them with details of the administration 's preliminary investigation into the videos ' destruction , claiming that to do so " could raise questions about whether the inquiry is vulnerable to political pressure . "
In a letter released Friday to the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee that oversees the Justice Department , Mukasey also said there is " no need right now " to appoint a special prosecutor to lead the investigation , as congressional Democrats are demanding .
" I am aware of no facts at present to suggest that [ Justice Department ] attorneys cannot conduct this inquiry in an impartial manner , " Mukasey wrote to Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - Vermont ) and Arlen Specter ( R - Pennsylvania ) , the chairman and highest - ranking minority - party member , respectively , of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" If I become aware of information that leads me to a different conclusion , I will act on it . "
Mukasey said there is a longstanding policy by the Justice Department of not providing information to Congress about pending cases .
" This policy is based in part on our interest in avoiding any perception that our law enforcement decisions are subject to political influence , " he wrote .
" Accordingly , I will not at this time provide further information in response to your letter , but appreciate the committee 's interests in this matter , " the attorney general concluded in his letter , which was also sent to the leaders of the House Judiciary Committee .
AG Interfering With Congress ' Oversight Authority , Lawmakers Say
Lawmakers of both parties reacted with anger , accusing Mukasey of acting like his predecessor , Alberto Gonzales , who refused to cooperate with congressional inquiries of administration practices in the past .
Gonzales -- who wrote a controversial 2002 memo to CIA interrogators that gave them the green light to use waterboarding -- resigned in disgrace in September amid accusations that he had eight U.S. attorneys fired for partisan political reasons , possibly in violation of the Hatch Act .
The lawmakers accused Mukasey of interfering with Congress ' constitutional oversight authority over the Justice Department and the CIA by refusing to provide the Judiciary Committee with information and by advising the CIA against cooperating with a House Intelligence Committee inquiry into the tapes ' destruction .
" Our staff was notified that the Department of Justice has advised CIA not cooperate with our investigation , " House Intelligence Committee chairman Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) said Friday in a joint statement with Representative Peter Hoekstra ( R - Michigan ) , the committee 's ranking Republican .
" We are stunned that the Justice Department would move to block our investigation , " Reyes and Hoekstra said .
" Parallel investigations [ by the administration , Congress and the judiciary ] occur all of the time , and there is no basis upon which the attorney general can stand in the way of our work .
. .
It 's clear that there 's more to this story than we have been told , and it is unfortunate that we are being prevented " from learning the facts .
" The executive branch can't be trusted to oversee itself , " the lawmakers concluded .
Hoekstra Blasts CIA , Threatens Subpoenas
For his part , Hoekstra issued a blistering attack on the CIA and on the complex network of U.S. intelligence agencies in general , which he described as arrogant , incompetent and unaccountable .
Appearing on " Fox News Sunday , " Hoekstra warned that he will push the House Intelligence Committee to subpoena the Justice Department and the CIA if they refuse to cooperate .
" We want to hold the [ intelligence ] community accountable for what 's happened to these tapes , " he said .
" We will issue subpoenas . "
Asked if witnesses will be offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for their testimony , Hoekstra replied that " Once these witness appear in front of the committee , then I think we 'll have to make the decision as to whether we 're going to provide them with immunity or not .
But our investigation should move forward . "
Hoekstra said CIA Director Hayden should be held accountable for what he called misleading statements by the agency during his term , which began in 2006 after the tapes had been destroyed .
Showdown Looming Between All Three Government Branches Not Seen Since Watergate
The latest developments in what administration critics are branding as " Torturegate " raise the prospect of a constitutional confrontation between all three branches of government of a magnitude not seen since the early 1970s , when President Richard Nixon 's administration stonewalled congressional and judicial investigations of executive - branch wrongdoing in the Watergate scandal .
Nixon 's cover -up of the 1972 break - in of the Democrats ' national headquarters at Washington 's Watergate complex by burglars employed by Nixon 's re-election campaign eventually unraveled and destroyed his presidency , which ended in 1974 with Nixon 's resignation under threat of certain impeachment and removal from office by Congress .
The drama also come less than a week after The ' Skeeter Bites Report revealed exclusively that a U.S. attorney in Virginia , in a letter to a federal appeals court , disclosed that his office viewed two CIA interrogation tapes two months ago , contrary to CIA Director Michael Hayden 's public statements that the tapes were destroyed in 2005 .
9/11 Suspects May Be on Still - Surviving CIA Videos in Moussaoui Case
Zubaydah was the first high - value al - Qaida operative to be captured by the CIA in 2002 .
Al - Nashiri is the alleged coordinator of the suicide attack in 2000 on the USS Cole in Yemen , which killed 17 sailors .
Both Zubaydah and Al - Nashiri may also be on the two CIA tapes that Charles Rosenberg , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , disclosed in a letter obtained by The ' Skeeter Bites Report that his office viewed on September 19 and October 18 of this year -- contrary to public statements by CIA Director Michael Hayden that the tapes were destroyed in 2005 .
Rosenberg 's letter referred to the 2006 trial of Zacarias Moussaoui , the lone suspect convicted in the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington that killed over 3,000 people and destroyed the twin towers of New York 's World Trade Center .
That remains unclear , however , because Rosenberg 's heavily - edited October 27 letter to U.S. District Court Judge Leonie Brinkema , who presided over the Moussaoui trial in Alexandria , Virginia , and to Judge Karen Williams , chief judge of the U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in the state capital , Richmond , contained no references to the identities of the al - Qaida suspects whom CIA agents were interrogating .
But the apparent continued existence of the two tapes -- combined with the administration 's stonewalling with congressional and judicial probes into the CIA 's interrogation tactics -- has given critics new ammunition to accuse the White House of engaging in a cover - up of torture by the CIA .
Tapes Showed Zubaydah Was Waterboarded , Ex-CIA Agent Says
Meanwhile , a former CIA agent who was part of the interrogation team told ABC News in an interview broadcast last Tuesday that the destroyed videos included recordings of Zubaydah being subjected to waterboarding -- and that the tactic was approved at the highest levels of the U.S. government .
Waterboarding is a technique that simulates drowning in a controlled environment .
It consists of immobilizing an individual on his or her back , with the head inclined downward , and pouring water over the face to force the inhalation of water into the lungs .
The practice is considered a war crime under the Geneva Conventions .
According to John Kiriakou , leader of the CIA team that captured Zubaydah , the waterboarding got Zubaydah to talk " in less than 35 seconds . "
His information " probably disrupted dozens of planned al - Qaida attacks , " Kiriakou told the network .
The former agent refused to say how he learned who approved the interrogation technique , but he did say that such approval came from top officials .
" This is n't something done willy - nilly .
This is n't something where an agency officer just wakes up in the morning and decides he 's going to carry out an enhanced technique on a prisoner , " Kiriakou told ABC News .
" This was a policy made at the White House , with concurrence from the National Security Council and Justice Department . "
For decades before President Bush took office in 2001 , the U.S. regarded waterboarding as a war crime under the Geneva Conventions that govern the treatment of prisoners of war , and America 's own Uniform Code of Military Justice -- and had even prosecuted individuals for employing the technique .
Bush 's Veto Threat Kills Bill to Ban CIA Torture
Bush further intensified suspicions of a " Torturegate " cover - up on Friday by threatening to veto a bill passed on the same day by the House that would bar the CIA from using waterboarding and other interrogation tactics branded torturous by critics .
The president 's veto threat led Senate Republicans to throw up a procedural roadblock against the bill in the upper chamber , effectively killing the measure .
The House bill , approved by a largely party - line vote of 222 to 199 , would require the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies to follow Army rules adopted last year that explicitly forbid waterboarding .
It also would require interrogators to adhere to a strict interpretation of the Geneva Conventions on the treatment of prisoners of war .
The Army rules , imposed by Congress on all Defense Department personnel , also ban sexual humiliation , " mock " executions and the use of attack dogs , as well as withholding food and medical care -- tactics that were employed by U.S. military personnel against detainees at Iraq 's now - infamous Abu Ghraib prison near Baghdad after the fall of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
The White House argued that restricting CIA interrogation techniques to those authorized by the Army Field Manual " would prevent the United States from conducting lawful interrogations of senior al - Qaida terrorists to obtain intelligence needed to protect Americans from attack . "
" Hogwash , " say administration critics .
Jennifer Daskal , senior counterterrorism counsel for Human Rights Watch , told The Washington Post that the CIA 's admission that it had destroyed videotapes of its interrogations of al - Qaida suspects is one reason that the legislation is needed .
" It 's unlikely the tapes would have been destroyed unless the CIA believed that they showed something that they needed to hide : interrogators engaging in practices that most of the world would consider torture , " Daskal said .
Retired Army General Paul Kern , who led the Abu Ghraib abuse investigation , accused the White House of having " two sets of standards for interrogation -- one for the CIA and another for the military . "
This double standard , Kern told the Post , creates problems for the credibility and accountability of the U.S .
General Kern is one of 27 retired military officers who signed a letter that urged the House and Senate intelligence committees to hold the CIA to the same standards that Congress set for the military .
" We ought to have one set of standards , period , " Kern said .
McCain : New Interrogation Policy Needed
On the presidential campaign trail , Republican White House hopeful John McCain said he wants " a crash program " in civilian and military schools that emphasizes language and creates a " new specialty in strategic interrogation " so the nation never feels the need for torture .
McCain , a former Vietnam prisoner of war who suffered mistreatment , talked about the new proposal at a campaign stop Saturday in Columbia , South Carolina .
He said he wanted to create an Army Advisory Corps of 20,000 soldiers to act as military advisers and revive the World War II - era Office of Strategic Services to fight terrorists .
Meanwhile , members of the Senate Intelligence Committee slammed both the destruction of the CIA videos and the aggressive interrogation techniques suspected to be used in those interrogations .
Appearing on CBS ' " Face the Nation " on Sunday , Senator Chuck Hagel ( R - Nebraska ) expressed worries of a Watergate - style cover-up .
" Burning tapes , destroying evidence , I do n't know how deep this goes , " he said .
" Could there be obstruction of justice ?
Yes .
How far does this go up in the White House -- who knew it ?
I do n't know . "
# # #
NEXT MONDAY : In the tradition of the late advice columnist Ann Landers ' annual Christmas Day column , " The ' Skeeter Bites Report " will present an updated version of its annual holiday special on " The Pagan Roots of Christmas . "
# # #
Volume III , Number 2
Copyright 2007 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
After spotting the post about Marty McFly 's Nike 's on eBay last week , loyal Geekologie reader ( and all around handsome devil )
Dave was kind enough to inform me that THE FREAKING HOVERBOARD IS UP FOR SALE TOO !
This is one of the hero Mattel Hoverboards used by Michael J. Fox in his most famous role as " Marty McFly " in the Robert Zemeckis classic 80s trilogy , Back to the Future .
Two styles of Hoverboard were made for and employed in the film - lightweight boards of styrofoam construction and thick and durable wood - based props - this example is the latter , and is recognized as the best example of all wood Hoverboards to have survived the rigors of filming .
It is in used but outstanding condition , and is very rare in that it is entirely complete and intact .
Given the wood build and use of metal components , it looks and feels like a " real " prop .
This piece has the complete fully functional and rear ballbearing - mounted footpad that rotates 360 degrees , as well as the bottom " magnet plates " .
Of the two styles of stickers used for the effects , this prop has the " photoboard " - style sticker affixed .
In addition , there is other textured styling and hand painting .
This Hoverboard also features the hole in the top , representing where the handlebars were that " Marty " pulled off after borrowing the " toy " from the little girl in the film .
Oh man , I need it .
You think it still works ?
Unfortunately the bidding starts at , are you sitting down -- $ 30,000 .
So yeah , what I 'm gonna do is this : Build a time machine , travel to the future , pick up a sports score book , travel back to now , place some huge bets , and then buy that mother .
I 'm original !
Hit the jump for a couple more pictures of the board in the movie , ALONG WITH A VIDEO OF THE WHOLE CHASE SCENE BECAUSE I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH .
KISSES !
Thanks to " Hey , McFly , you bojo !
Those boards do n't work on water ! "
Dave
QR Code Link to This Post
I have no bee knowledge , but am very willing to help if needed .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
With established trade trends in rice being blurred by tight global supplies that have sparked global food riots , U.S. exports are set to grow and enter more new markets .
A man sprays fertilizer onto a paddy field in Jiaosi , Ilan County , April 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nicky Loh
Panic buying of rice futures at the Chicago Board of Trade took prices to record highs on Thursday , which is expected to fuel already surging values for the staple in Asia .
The clampdown on shipments by major rice exporters in a bid to ensure food security and contain inflation over recent months has pushed new demand to the United States , the world ’s fourth largest exporter of the grain .
“ The global influx to the United States for rice is indicative of the underlying global supply problem , ” said Thomas Wynn , director of market development for the U.S. Rice Producers Association .
“ The rice trade has traditionally been hemispheric .
The western hemisphere typically served the western hemisphere and the eastern hemisphere would circulate its rice in the east .
“ We ’ve definitely thrown the historic trends out the window , ” he told Reuters .
He said there has been talk among some traders that Turkey , traditionally a buyer of medium - grain rice , may be interested in buying long - grain U.S. rice .
Other traditional buyers of Asian - origin rice , like Iran and some east African nations , may be interested in U.S. supplies , he added .
“ Looking at the potential new markets for U.S. rice , we should start to see those materialize in the next month or two when the supply shortage really begins to make itself apparent , ” Wynn said .
Rice has become the latest food commodity to jump to historically high prices , joining wheat , corn and soybeans .
Surging prices and concerns about rice shortages have already sparked protests and riots around the globe and played a role last week in the collapse of the Haitian government .
Top consuming countries are hoarding supplies and several top exporters have banned exports to help stabilize domestic prices and stave off inflation .
They include India , Vietnam , and Pakistan , three of the top five exporting nations last year .
Underscoring the lack of rice currently available for sale , a Bangladesh rice tender this week attracted no offers while a third consecutive Philippine rice tender failed to receive the full amount of bids .
GROWING DEMAND FOR U.S. RICE
U.S. rice is well positioned to fill that supply vacuum despite record - high prices , analysts said .
Rice planting in several states , including top producer Arkansas , is off to a slow start due to overly wet conditions , but several analysts said conditions were improving .
“ Right now we ’re in a kind of a perfect storm type of atmosphere .
There ’s just not a whole lot of rice available , especially in the Far East , and it ’s clearly being reflected in price , ” said analyst Jack Scoville of the Price Futures Group .
“ There ’s no reason to expect that our demand will slack off much .
We will have rice for sale and we are cheaper right now than the Asians so we should continue to see more and more interest coming our way , ” he said .
The United States shipped about half of its roughly 6 million tonne crop abroad in 2007 , mostly to the Americas and the Caribbean .
But distant nontraditional buyers such as the Philippines and Turkey have bought large amounts of U.S. rice this marketing year .
Cuba has also been a buyer as its market slowly opens to U.S. goods .
In its latest weekly export sales report , the U.S. Agriculture Department said net rice exports in the week ended April 10 totaled 176,000 tonnes , up 98 percent from the previous week and the highest in five months .
Time Warner Chairman Richard Parsons speaks at a forum in New York , February 6 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Chip East
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Time Warner Inc Chairman Richard Parsons said he is likely to step down in the next year , clearing the path for Chief Executive Jeffrey Bewkes to assume the role .
During opening remarks at the media company ’s annual shareholders meeting in Atlanta , Parsons told shareholders he would be unlikely to still be its chairman by the time of the 2009 annual meeting .
“ This is my last shot at this , ” Parsons said .
“ I will be the outgoing chairman after this year , probably . ”
He added : “ The company is sound .
The problems we had when I became CEO are behind us . ”
Time Warner
Inc shareholders also approved the company ’s slate of 12 directors at its annual meeting , but failed to agree to a proposal to require that the roles of chairman and chief executive be split , according to preliminary results , the company said Friday .
About 43 percent of shareholders voted in favor of a proposal to split the role of chairman and CEO .
Bewkes ’ employment contract lets him resign with a payout should he not be elected chairman by January 1 , 2009 .
He would also not be bound by a non-compete agreement .
Crazy Steve says , " We 've got ten million iPhones to sell in 2008 — no price is too low ! "
Citing unnamed sources , the Financial Times has a report that validates what many have thought of as one of the few flaws in the greatest communication tool ever created by Steve Jobs .
The new version of the Apple iPhone is set to be sold at significantly lower prices than the existing one , in a tacit acknowledgement by the US technology company that its previous sales strategy was not sustainable .
Supposedly , Apple " bowed to pressure from mobile phone operators " in the US and Europe , and more directly , from consumers who apparently will only pay so much for a phone .
After going on sale last June at $ 499 for 4GB and $ 599 for 8 GB models , two months later , Apple dropped the price to $ 399 for a single 8 GB model .
More recently , UK resellers O2 and Carphone Warehouse discounted iPhones by £ 100 .
Both these actions may have been in response to sales figures that were not in keeping with Apple 's projections , the most notable being 10 million iPhones sold in 2008 .
To that end , AppleInsider has the comments of RBC analyst Mike Abramsky .
Abramsky suggests that an " entry iPhone model or an unusually low price for the near - certain 3G model could accelerate Apple 's sales growth between 50 to 100 percent . "
That would be 20 to 25 million units in 2008 , double that in 2009 .
If this sounds like iRational exuberance upon the part of the analyst , consider the iPod .
Appropriately priced and without draconian restrictions , the media player has dominated the market .
By bending on subsidies and , hopefully , revenue sharing , Apple may be able to sell the iPhone everywhere the iPod is sold with similar results .
In 2004 , the National Guidelines Clearinghouse placed eight guidelines from the National Health Care for the Homeless Council on its Web site .
Seven of the guidelines are on specific disease processes and one is on general care .
In addition to straightforward clinical decision making , the guidelines contain medical information specific to patients who are homeless .
These guidelines have been endorsed by dozens of physicians who spend a large part of their clinical time caring for some of the millions of adults and children who find themselves homeless each year in the United States .
In one guideline , physicians are prompted to keep in mind that someone living on the street does not always have access to water for taking medication .
Another guideline points out the difficulty of eating a special diet when the patient depends on what the local shelter serves .
As the number of homeless families and individuals increases , family physicians need to become aware of medically related information specific to this population .
This can help ensure that physicians continue to offer patient - centered care with minimal adherence barriers .
Each day in the United States , at least 800,000 persons are homeless .
This includes 200,000 children in homeless families .
1
As of the beginning of the 21st century , 2.3 to 3.5 million persons were homeless at some time during an average year .
2
Approximately 33 percent of these are families with children , and another 3 percent are unaccompanied minors .
3
Two percent of children in the United States are homeless in the course of a year .
4 Figure 13 shows the composition of the homeless population in the United States .
View / Print Table SORT : KEY RECOMMENDATIONS
FOR PRACTICE
Clinical recommendation Evidence rating References Caring for persons who are homeless :
To help promote successful treatment , develop an individualized plan of care that incorporates plans to meet some basic needs as well as medical needs .
C 6 Become familiar with what food is available in local shelters and soup kitchens before suggesting to patients how to restructure their diet for chronic illness prevention or care .
C 6 Anticipate and accommodate unscheduled clinic visits .
Create a drop - in time when no appointment is required , particularly for new patients .
Include some evening appointment times to accommodate day workers .
C 6 Avoid prescribing medications likely to have significant sedative side effects unless they initially can be tried in a safe environment to avoid compromising the patient ’s safety .
C 6 If a patient appears to be emotionally fragile , consider using an assistant , even for clothed examinations .
C 6,8,15 Provide a client advocate to accompany patients who are unable to navigate through the health care system on their own .
C 6 SORT : KEY RECOMMENDATIONS
FOR PRACTICE
Clinical recommendation Evidence rating References Caring for persons who are homeless :
To help promote successful treatment , develop an individualized plan of care that incorporates plans to meet some basic needs as well as medical needs .
C 6 Become familiar with what food is available in local shelters and soup kitchens before suggesting to patients how to restructure their diet for chronic illness prevention or care .
C 6 Anticipate and accommodate unscheduled clinic visits .
Create a drop - in time when no appointment is required , particularly for new patients .
Include some evening appointment times to accommodate day workers .
C 6 Avoid prescribing medications likely to have significant sedative side effects unless they initially can be tried in a safe environment to avoid compromising the patient ’s safety .
C 6 If a patient appears to be emotionally fragile , consider using an assistant , even for clothed examinations .
C 6,8,15 Provide a client advocate to accompany patients who are unable to navigate through the health care system on their own .
C 6
View / Print Figure Composition of the U.S. Homeless Population , 2005 Figure 1 .
Who becomes homeless ?
Adapted with permission from U.S. Conference of Mayors — Sodexho , Inc. Hunger and Homelessness Survey .
Accessed April 4 , 2006 , at:www.usmayors.org/uscm/hungersurvey/2005/HH2005FINAL.pdf.
Composition of the U.S. Homeless Population , 2005 Figure 1 .
Who becomes homeless ?
Adapted with permission from U.S. Conference of Mayors — Sodexho , Inc. Hunger and Homelessness Survey .
Accessed April 4 , 2006 , at:www.usmayors.org/uscm/hungersurvey/2005/HH2005FINAL.pdf.
The Federal Bureau of Primary Health Care defines homelessness using the following descriptors5 :
An individual without permanent housing who may live on the streets ; stay in a shelter , mission , single - room occupancy facility , abandoned building or vehicle ; or in any other unstable or nonpermanent situation .
An individual may be considered homeless if that person is “ doubled - up ” , a term referring to a situation in which individuals are unable to maintain their housing situation and are forced to stay with a series of friends or extended family members .
Previously homeless individuals who are to be released from prison or a hospital may be considered homeless if they do not have a stable housing situation to return to .
Recognition of the instability of an individual ’s living arrangement is critical to the definition of homelessness .
State , city , or private definitions ( e.g. , ones used for grants or to receive certain subsidies ) may differ from this .
At the beginning of this century , clinicians from the National Health Care for the Homeless Council ( NHCHC ) began to adapt clinical practice guidelines for patients who are homeless .
In 2004 , the National Guidelines Clearinghouse placed eight NHCHC guidelines on its Web site , including seven relating to specific disease processes and one on general care ( online Table A ) .
Well - researched evidence that differentiates care for the homeless population from the general population is almost nonexistent .
Therefore , the method used to assess the quality and strength of the evidence for those criteria and to formulate recommendations was based almost entirely on expert consensus .
View / Print Table Table A National Guidelines for Health Care for the Homeless and Supporting Recommendations 1 . Adapting Your Practice : General Recommendations for the Care of Homeless Patients ( Bonin E , et al. Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/6.1.04GenHomelessRecsFINAL.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS : Buchanan DR , et al .
Respite care for homeless people reduces future hospitalizations .
J Gen Intern Med 2003 ; 18 ( suppl 1):203 .
Cochran BN , et al .
Challenges faced by homeless sexual minorities : comparison of gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender homeless adolescents with their heterosexual counterparts .
Am J Public Health 2002;92:773- 7 . Drake RE , et al .
Implementing dual diagnosis services for clients with severe mental illness .
Psychiatr Serv 2001 ;52:469-76 .
Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless .
Eliciting behavioral change : tools for HCH clinicians .
Healing Hands 2000 ; 4:1 - 4 .
Healthy people 2010 : companion document for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) health .
San Francisco , Calif. : Gay and Lesbian Medical Association , 2001 .
Kushel MB , et al .
No door to lock : victimization among homeless and marginally housed persons .
Arch Intern Med 2003;163:2492 - 9 . Melnick SM , Bassuk EL .
Identifying and responding to domestic violence among poor and homeless women .
The Better Homes Fund ( now the National Center on Family Homelessness ) , February 2000 .
Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guilford Press , 2002 .
Noell J , et al .
Childhood sexual abuse , adolescent sexual coercion and sexually transmitted infection acquisition among homeless female adolescents .
Child Abuse Negl 2001;25:137-48 .
O'Connell JJ , et al .
Documenting disability .
Simple strategies for medical providers .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/DocumentingDisability.pdf.
Staab JP , Evans DL .
A streamlined method for diagnosing common psychiatric disorders in primary care .
Clin Cornerstone 2001 ; 3:1 - 9 . Winarski JT .
Implementing interventions for homeless individuals with co-occuring mental health and substance use disorders .
A PATH technical assistance package .
Rockville , Md. : Center for Mental Health Services , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 1998 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://pathprogram.samhsa.gov/pdf/implementing_interventions.pdf.
2 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Diabetes Mellitus ( Brehove T , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2002 .
Accessed April 20 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/clinical_guidelines_dm.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Koegel P , et al .
The causes of homelessness .
In : Baumohl J , ed. Homelessness in America .
Phoenix , Ariz : Oryx Press , 1996:31 .
Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guilford Press , 2002 .
Saunders - Ridolfo AJ , Proffitt BJ . Diabetes and Homelessness : Overcoming Barriers to Care .
Nashville , Tenn. : The Council , 2000 .
3 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Chlamydial or Gonococcal Infections ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/6.2.04STDs.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
English A , Kenney KE. State Minor Consent Laws : A Summary .
2nd ed. Chapel Hill , N.C. : Center for Adolescent Health & the Law , 2003 .
Nusbaum MR , Hamilton CD .
The proactive sexual health history .
Am Fam Physician 2002;66:1705 - 12 .
Reece RM , Ludwig S. Child Abuse : Medical Diagnosis and Management .
2nd ed. Phildadelphia , Pa. : Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , 2001 .
4 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Asthma ( Bonin E , et al. Nashville Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/asthma.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Expert panel report : guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma : update on selected topics , 2002 .
Bethesda , Md. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , National Institutes of Health , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , National Asthma Education and Prevention Program , 2003 .
Guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma : expert panel report 2 . Bethesda , Md. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , National Institutes of Health , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , 1997 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/guidelines/asthma/asthgdln.pdf.
5 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with HIV / AIDS ( Conanan B , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/HIVguide52703.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
2001 USPHS / IDSA guidelines for the prevention of opportunistic infections in persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus .
Atlanta , Ga. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Addressing cultural and linguistic competence in the HCH setting : a brief guide .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2002 .
Accesssed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/cultural.html.
Bartlett JG , Gallant JE. Medical management of HIV infection .
Baltimore , Md. : Johns Hopkins University , Division of Diseases and AIDS Service , 2005 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Revised guidelines for HIV counseling , testing , and referral .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2001;50 ( RR - 19 ) :1- 57 .
Clarke S , et al .
Assessing limiting factors to the acceptance of antiretroviral therapy in a large cohort of injecting drug users .
HIV Med 2003 ; 4:33 - 7. Goldfinger SM .
HIV , Homelessness , and Serious Mental Illness : Implications for Policy and Practice .
Del Mar , N.Y. : The Center , 1998 .
Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homelss .
Eliciting behavioral change : tools for HCH clinicians .
Healing Hands 2000 ; 4:1 - 4 . Heymann SJ , Vo P .
The breast - feeding dilemma and its impact on HIV - infected women and their children .
AIDS Read 1999 ; 9:292-9 . Mazurek GH , Villarino ME . Guidelines for using the QuantiFERON - TB test for diagnosing latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2003 ; 52 ( RR - 2) :15 - 8. McElroy PD , et al .
Outbreak of tuberculosis among homeless persons coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus .
Clin Infect Dis 2003;36:1305 - 12 .
Melnick SM , Bassuk EL .
Identifying and responding to domestic violence among poor and homeless women .
The Better Homes Fund ( now the National Center on Family Homelessness ) , February 2000 .
Mitty JA , et al .
Directly observed therapy ( DOT ) for individuals with HIV : successes and challenges .
MedGenMed 2003 ; 5:30 .
Moss AR , et al .
Tuberculosis in the homeless .
A prospective study .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2000 ; 162 ( 2 pt 1):460 - 4. National Center for HIV , STD and TB Prevention .
Section 8 : formula feeding counseling for children born to HIV - seropositive mothers .
Atlanta , Ga. : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/HAC-PCG/section8.htm.
O'Connell JJ , Lebow J. AIDS and the homeless of Boston .
N Engl J Public Policy 1992 ;8:541-56 .
O'Connell JJ , et al .
Determining Disability : Simple Strategies for Clinicians .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 1997 .
Post PA .
Casualties of complexity : why eligible homeless people are not enrolled in Medicaid .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/CasualtiesofComplexity.pdf.
Prevention and control of tuberculosis in U.S. communities with at - risk minority populations .
Recommendations of the Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis .
MMWR Recomm Rep 1992 ; 41 ( RR - 5) :1- 11 .
Sexually transmitted diseases treatment guidelines 2002 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2002 ; 51 ( RR - 6 ) :1- 78 .
Susser E , et al .
Human immunodeficiency virus sexual risk reduction in homeless men with mental illness .
Arch Gen Psychiatry 1998;55:266-72 . Swanson B , Keithley JK .
Bioelectrical impedance analysis ( BIA ) in HIV infection : principles and clinical applications .
J Assoc Nurses AIDS Care 1998 ; 9:49 - 54 .
Targeted tuberculin testing and treatment of latent tuberculosis infection .
American Thoracic Society .
MMWR Recomm Rep2000 ;49 ( RR - 6 ) :1-51 .
Zolopa AR , et al.
HIV and tuberculosis infection in San Francisco 's homeless adults .
Prevalence and risk factors in a representative sample .
JAMA 1994;272:455-61 .
6 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Cardiovascular Diseases ( Brammer S , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/clinical/2.28.04CVDguide.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Gelberg L , et al .
Differences in health status between older and younger homeless adults .
J Am Geriatr Soc 1990;38:1220 - 9 . Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless .
Heart of the matter : hypertension and homelessness .
Healing Hands 2001 ; 5:1 - 4 . Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guildford Press , 2002 .
Third report of the National Cholesterol Education Program ( NCEP ) expert panel on detection , evaluation , and treatment of high blood cholesterol in adults ( adult treatment panel III ) : final report .
Bethesda , Md. : National Chloesterol Education Program , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , National Institutes of Health , 2002 .
NIH publication no .
02-5215 . Staab JP , Evans DL .
A streamlined method for diagnosing common psychiatric disorders in primary care .
Clin Cornerstone 2001 ; 3:1 - 9 .
7 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Children with Otitis Media ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/otitis.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Drugs .
Transfer of drugs and other chemicals into human milk .
Pediatrics 2001 ;108:776-89 .
Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) , National Center for HIV , STD and TB Prevention .
Section 8 : formula feeding counseling for children born to HIV - seropositive mothers .
Atlanta , Ga. : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/HAC-PCG/section8.htm.
Hanson LA .
Human milk and host defence : immediate and long - term effects .
Acta Paediatr Suppl 1999 ; 88:42 - 6. Retzlaff C. Speech and language pathology and pediatric HIV .
J Int Assoc Physicians AIDS Care 1999 ; 5:60 - 2. 8 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations on Reproductive Health Care for Homeless Patients ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/reproductive.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Clinician's Handbook of Preventive Services : Put Prevention Into Practice .
2nd ed. Washington , D.C. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , Office of Public Health and Science , Office of Disease Prevention Health Promotion , 1998 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.ahrq.gov/clinic/ppiphand.htm.
Stewart FH , et al .
Clinical breast and pelvic examination requirements for hormonal contraception : current practice vs evidence .
JAMA 2001;285:2232 - 9 . Table A National Guidelines for Health Care for the Homeless and Supporting Recommendations 1 . Adapting Your Practice : General Recommendations for the Care of Homeless Patients ( Bonin E , et al. Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/6.1.04GenHomelessRecsFINAL.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS : Buchanan DR , et al .
Respite care for homeless people reduces future hospitalizations .
J Gen Intern Med 2003 ; 18 ( suppl 1):203 .
Cochran BN , et al .
Challenges faced by homeless sexual minorities : comparison of gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender homeless adolescents with their heterosexual counterparts .
Am J Public Health 2002;92:773- 7 . Drake RE , et al .
Implementing dual diagnosis services for clients with severe mental illness .
Psychiatr Serv 2001 ;52:469-76 .
Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless .
Eliciting behavioral change : tools for HCH clinicians .
Healing Hands 2000 ; 4:1 - 4 .
Healthy people 2010 : companion document for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) health .
San Francisco , Calif. : Gay and Lesbian Medical Association , 2001 .
Kushel MB , et al .
No door to lock : victimization among homeless and marginally housed persons .
Arch Intern Med 2003;163:2492 - 9 . Melnick SM , Bassuk EL .
Identifying and responding to domestic violence among poor and homeless women .
The Better Homes Fund ( now the National Center on Family Homelessness ) , February 2000 .
Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guilford Press , 2002 .
Noell J , et al .
Childhood sexual abuse , adolescent sexual coercion and sexually transmitted infection acquisition among homeless female adolescents .
Child Abuse Negl 2001;25:137-48 .
O'Connell JJ , et al .
Documenting disability .
Simple strategies for medical providers .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/DocumentingDisability.pdf.
Staab JP , Evans DL .
A streamlined method for diagnosing common psychiatric disorders in primary care .
Clin Cornerstone 2001 ; 3:1 - 9 . Winarski JT .
Implementing interventions for homeless individuals with co-occuring mental health and substance use disorders .
A PATH technical assistance package .
Rockville , Md. : Center for Mental Health Services , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 1998 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://pathprogram.samhsa.gov/pdf/implementing_interventions.pdf.
2 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Diabetes Mellitus ( Brehove T , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2002 .
Accessed April 20 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/clinical_guidelines_dm.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Koegel P , et al .
The causes of homelessness .
In : Baumohl J , ed. Homelessness in America .
Phoenix , Ariz : Oryx Press , 1996:31 .
Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guilford Press , 2002 .
Saunders - Ridolfo AJ , Proffitt BJ . Diabetes and Homelessness : Overcoming Barriers to Care .
Nashville , Tenn. : The Council , 2000 .
3 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Chlamydial or Gonococcal Infections ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/6.2.04STDs.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING THE RECOMMENDATIONS
English A , Kenney KE. State Minor Consent Laws : A Summary .
2nd ed. Chapel Hill , N.C. : Center for Adolescent Health & the Law , 2003 .
Nusbaum MR , Hamilton CD .
The proactive sexual health history .
Am Fam Physician 2002;66:1705 - 12 .
Reece RM , Ludwig S. Child Abuse : Medical Diagnosis and Management .
2nd ed. Phildadelphia , Pa. : Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , 2001 .
4 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Asthma ( Bonin E , et al. Nashville Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/asthma.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Expert panel report : guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma : update on selected topics , 2002 .
Bethesda , Md. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , National Institutes of Health , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , National Asthma Education and Prevention Program , 2003 .
Guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma : expert panel report 2 . Bethesda , Md. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , National Institutes of Health , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , 1997 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/guidelines/asthma/asthgdln.pdf.
5 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with HIV / AIDS ( Conanan B , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/HIVguide52703.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
2001 USPHS / IDSA guidelines for the prevention of opportunistic infections in persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus .
Atlanta , Ga. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Addressing cultural and linguistic competence in the HCH setting : a brief guide .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2002 .
Accesssed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/cultural.html.
Bartlett JG , Gallant JE. Medical management of HIV infection .
Baltimore , Md. : Johns Hopkins University , Division of Diseases and AIDS Service , 2005 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Revised guidelines for HIV counseling , testing , and referral .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2001;50 ( RR - 19 ) :1- 57 .
Clarke S , et al .
Assessing limiting factors to the acceptance of antiretroviral therapy in a large cohort of injecting drug users .
HIV Med 2003 ; 4:33 - 7. Goldfinger SM .
HIV , Homelessness , and Serious Mental Illness : Implications for Policy and Practice .
Del Mar , N.Y. : The Center , 1998 .
Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homelss .
Eliciting behavioral change : tools for HCH clinicians .
Healing Hands 2000 ; 4:1 - 4 . Heymann SJ , Vo P .
The breast - feeding dilemma and its impact on HIV - infected women and their children .
AIDS Read 1999 ; 9:292-9 . Mazurek GH , Villarino ME . Guidelines for using the QuantiFERON - TB test for diagnosing latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2003 ; 52 ( RR - 2) :15 - 8. McElroy PD , et al .
Outbreak of tuberculosis among homeless persons coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus .
Clin Infect Dis 2003;36:1305 - 12 .
Melnick SM , Bassuk EL .
Identifying and responding to domestic violence among poor and homeless women .
The Better Homes Fund ( now the National Center on Family Homelessness ) , February 2000 .
Mitty JA , et al .
Directly observed therapy ( DOT ) for individuals with HIV : successes and challenges .
MedGenMed 2003 ; 5:30 .
Moss AR , et al .
Tuberculosis in the homeless .
A prospective study .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2000 ; 162 ( 2 pt 1):460 - 4. National Center for HIV , STD and TB Prevention .
Section 8 : formula feeding counseling for children born to HIV - seropositive mothers .
Atlanta , Ga. : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/HAC-PCG/section8.htm.
O'Connell JJ , Lebow J. AIDS and the homeless of Boston .
N Engl J Public Policy 1992 ;8:541-56 .
O'Connell JJ , et al .
Determining Disability : Simple Strategies for Clinicians .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 1997 .
Post PA .
Casualties of complexity : why eligible homeless people are not enrolled in Medicaid .
Nashville , Tenn. : National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/CasualtiesofComplexity.pdf.
Prevention and control of tuberculosis in U.S. communities with at - risk minority populations .
Recommendations of the Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis .
MMWR Recomm Rep 1992 ; 41 ( RR - 5) :1- 11 .
Sexually transmitted diseases treatment guidelines 2002 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
MMWR Recomm Rep 2002 ; 51 ( RR - 6 ) :1- 78 .
Susser E , et al .
Human immunodeficiency virus sexual risk reduction in homeless men with mental illness .
Arch Gen Psychiatry 1998;55:266-72 . Swanson B , Keithley JK .
Bioelectrical impedance analysis ( BIA ) in HIV infection : principles and clinical applications .
J Assoc Nurses AIDS Care 1998 ; 9:49 - 54 .
Targeted tuberculin testing and treatment of latent tuberculosis infection .
American Thoracic Society .
MMWR Recomm Rep2000 ;49 ( RR - 6 ) :1-51 .
Zolopa AR , et al.
HIV and tuberculosis infection in San Francisco 's homeless adults .
Prevalence and risk factors in a representative sample .
JAMA 1994;272:455-61 .
6 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Patients with Cardiovascular Diseases ( Brammer S , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2004 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/clinical/2.28.04CVDguide.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Gelberg L , et al .
Differences in health status between older and younger homeless adults .
J Am Geriatr Soc 1990;38:1220 - 9 . Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless .
Heart of the matter : hypertension and homelessness .
Healing Hands 2001 ; 5:1 - 4 . Miller WR , Rollnick S. Motivational Interviewing : Preparing People for Change . 2nd ed. New York , N.Y. : Guildford Press , 2002 .
Third report of the National Cholesterol Education Program ( NCEP ) expert panel on detection , evaluation , and treatment of high blood cholesterol in adults ( adult treatment panel III ) : final report .
Bethesda , Md. : National Chloesterol Education Program , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute , National Institutes of Health , 2002 .
NIH publication no .
02-5215 . Staab JP , Evans DL .
A streamlined method for diagnosing common psychiatric disorders in primary care .
Clin Cornerstone 2001 ; 3:1 - 9 .
7 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations for Homeless Children with Otitis Media ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/otitis.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Drugs .
Transfer of drugs and other chemicals into human milk .
Pediatrics 2001 ;108:776-89 .
Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) , National Center for HIV , STD and TB Prevention .
Section 8 : formula feeding counseling for children born to HIV - seropositive mothers .
Atlanta , Ga. : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 2001 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pubs/HAC-PCG/section8.htm.
Hanson LA .
Human milk and host defence : immediate and long - term effects .
Acta Paediatr Suppl 1999 ; 88:42 - 6. Retzlaff C. Speech and language pathology and pediatric HIV .
J Int Assoc Physicians AIDS Care 1999 ; 5:60 - 2. 8 . Adapting Your Practice : Treatment and Recommendations on Reproductive Health Care for Homeless Patients ( Bonin E , et al .
Nashville , Tenn. : Health Care for the Homeless Clinicians ' Network , National Health Care for the Homeless Council , 2003 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.nhchc.org/Publications/reproductive.pdf).
REFERENCES SUPPORTING
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
Clinician's Handbook of Preventive Services : Put Prevention Into Practice .
2nd ed. Washington , D.C. : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Public Health Service , Office of Public Health and Science , Office of Disease Prevention Health Promotion , 1998 .
Accessed April 19 , 2006 , at : http://www.ahrq.gov/clinic/ppiphand.htm.
Stewart FH , et al .
Clinical breast and pelvic examination requirements for hormonal contraception : current practice vs evidence .
JAMA 2001;285:2232-9 .
This article summarizes some of the NHCHC guidelines that apply to a variety of conditions that pertain to persons who are homeless .
Although some of this information is duplicated in other NHCHC guidelines , most of it comes from the NHCHC ’s general recommendations , 6 except when noted otherwise .
In addition , some relevant information from more recent literature on the topic is included .
Overcoming Barriers to Care Jump to section +
Abstract
Overcoming Barriers to Care
Patient Education
Children and Adolescents
Ancillary Care
Education
References Millions of persons in the United States with minimal health care access experience barriers to care , but persons who are homeless face additional unique obstacles .
Difficulties can arise when a physician tries to build trusting relationships in a population where histories of mental illness and abuse are often the norm .
Even when trust is won , finding the appropriate prescribing patterns and education techniques to help ensure adherence can be a challenge for any physician , particularly when food and housing concerns often outweigh those for ongoing health care .
Ideally , physicians should develop individualized care plans that incorporate the meeting of basic daily needs .
Unrealistic expectations by physicians are a key cause of patient nonadherence .
5
When adherence is a problem , the physician should reassess goals with the patient .
Knowing some of the issues that affect adherence for persons who are homeless may help clarify any unrealistic expectations ( Tables 1 and 26 – 10 ) .
View / Print Table TABLE 1 Determinants of General Care Adherence in the Homeless and Potential Enhancements Potential determinant Potential enhancements Inappropriate physician expectations Reevaluate expectations Erratic food and water sources Educate shelter staff about the role of nutrition in managing major chronic diseases ; plan relevant therapies around food and water access ; provide multivitamins ; provide nutrition education pertinent to actual food sources .
Physician discontinuity Promote communication among physicians ; establish where the patient considers his or her medical home to be ; supply patients with a wallet - sized medical history review .
History of negative interactions with authority figures ( physician needs to win trust of the patient )
Address patient ’s perceived immediate medical needs first ; carefully assess how prescribed therapies affect patients ’ lifestyles ; convey a nonjudgmental attitude toward all patients ; employ consumer advocates ; identify free or discounted services ; supply small incentives ; verbally emphasize patient strengths .
Alienation from health care system Provide a patient advocate to accompany appropriate patients to appointments for diagnostic tests or ambulatory surgery .
Substance abuse Know signs , symptoms , and side effects of psychoactive substances ; maintain safety of patients and staff by periodically reviewing what to do for overdoses or acute negative psychotic or manic presentations ; treat symptoms of withdrawal whenever appropriate .
Nomadic lifestyle Request emergency contact information ( e.g. , address and phone number of a family member , friend , or case manager with a stable address ) ; verify contact information at each visit .
Multiplicity of chronic health conditions Educate the patient about usual course of diseases and conditions ; encourage adults to make their own goals and prioritize them ; supply the patient with information necessary to make his or her own health goal priorities .
History of physical and emotional abuse Ask permission to perform physical examinations ; consider using assistants for all examinations ; defer genital examination until patient comfort level allows ; encourage and help develop safety plans ; explain what a physical examination entails .
Shelter Encourage patients to seek shelter on nights when weather is extreme ; identify where and with whom patients are staying .
Transportation
Ask patients about transportation if related to expected adherence ; supply health access–related bus or subway tokens .
Clinic access
Have after - hours clinic times ; give appointment cards and allow unscheduled clinic visits ; prioritize patient order when there are too many to be seen .
Crowded shelter conditions Encourage coughing into elbow crook and hand washing ; keep vaccinations up to date ; recognize that practicing new parenting skills is difficult in group living situations .
Educational , developmental impairment Teach patients how to keep symptom logs ; write out preventive action plans ; ask about last grade of school completed .
TABLE 1 Determinants of General Care Adherence in the Homeless and Potential Enhancements Potential determinant Potential enhancements Inappropriate physician expectations Reevaluate expectations Erratic food and water sources Educate shelter staff about the role of nutrition in managing major chronic diseases ; plan relevant therapies around food and water access ; provide multivitamins ; provide nutrition education pertinent to actual food sources .
Physician discontinuity Promote communication among physicians ; establish where the patient considers his or her medical home to be ; supply patients with a wallet - sized medical history review .
History of negative interactions with authority figures ( physician needs to win trust of the patient )
Address patient ’s perceived immediate medical needs first ; carefully assess how prescribed therapies affect patients ’ lifestyles ; convey a nonjudgmental attitude toward all patients ; employ consumer advocates ; identify free or discounted services ; supply small incentives ; verbally emphasize patient strengths .
Alienation from health care system Provide a patient advocate to accompany appropriate patients to appointments for diagnostic tests or ambulatory surgery .
Substance abuse Know signs , symptoms , and side effects of psychoactive substances ; maintain safety of patients and staff by periodically reviewing what to do for overdoses or acute negative psychotic or manic presentations ; treat symptoms of withdrawal whenever appropriate .
Nomadic lifestyle Request emergency contact information ( e.g. , address and phone number of a family member , friend , or case manager with a stable address ) ; verify contact information at each visit .
Multiplicity of chronic health conditions Educate the patient about usual course of diseases and conditions ; encourage adults to make their own goals and prioritize them ; supply the patient with information necessary to make his or her own health goal priorities .
History of physical and emotional abuse Ask permission to perform physical examinations ; consider using assistants for all examinations ; defer genital examination until patient comfort level allows ; encourage and help develop safety plans ; explain what a physical examination entails .
Shelter Encourage patients to seek shelter on nights when weather is extreme ; identify where and with whom patients are staying .
Transportation
Ask patients about transportation if related to expected adherence ; supply health access–related bus or subway tokens .
Clinic access
Have after - hours clinic times ; give appointment cards and allow unscheduled clinic visits ; prioritize patient order when there are too many to be seen .
Crowded shelter conditions Encourage coughing into elbow crook and hand washing ; keep vaccinations up to date ; recognize that practicing new parenting skills is difficult in group living situations .
Educational , developmental impairment Teach patients how to keep symptom logs ; write out preventive action plans ; ask about last grade of school completed .
View / Print Table TABLE 2 Determinants of Medication Adherence in the Homeless and Potential Enhancements Potential determinant Potential enhancements Ethical reliability of certain medications may be in question Keep in mind that albuterol ( Ventolin ) is used to enhance the effects of crack cocaine , clonidine ( Catapres ) extends effects of heroin and reduces its withdrawal symptoms , insulin syringes may be used to inject illicit drugs , and pseudoephedrine is used to make methamphetamine .
Life is already complex
Once- daily , directly observed therapy often is preferable ; use simplest medical regimen warranted by standard clinical guidelines .
Patients may keep possessions with them at all times
Always consider frequency , storage , and treatment duration ; whenever possible , fill prescriptions on site at time they are ordered ; simplify medical regimens .
Side effects may be particularly difficult to cope with Prescribe medications least likely to have severe negative side effects ; avoid prescribing medications with even a moderate likelihood of having significant sedative or gastrointestinal side effects unless the patient has a day to test them while safely sheltered ; be aggressive in changing medications to minimize side effects ; treat side effects symptomatically if alternative medications are contraindicated ; if a medication needs to be taken with food , provide a nutritious snack .
Storage may be an issue Educate patients and shelter staff about appropriate medication storage and access ; do not prescribe medications for which appropriate storage is not possible ; for children older than five years , use pills , tablets , or capsules instead of liquid formulations to avoid the need for measurement or refrigeration ; consider allowing medications to be stored at the clinic .
Missed immunizations
Update childhood immunizations at each clinic visit ; give a wallet card to parents with immunizations listed and dated ; provide hepatitis A and B vaccines and tetanus toxoid , reduced diphtheria toxoid , and acellular pertussis absorbed vaccines for adults ; provide influenza vaccines for all patients .
Crying child may disrupt other shelter residents
To allow the child to sleep , consider providing a cough suppressant , diphenhydramine ( Benadryl ) , or analgesia for acute ear infection .
Many patients depend on Medicaid ’s formulary Know which medications are on state ’s Medicaid and State Children ’s Health Insurance Program drug formularies ; to avoid delaying treatment , prescribe medications that do not require prior authorization , when possible .
TABLE 2 Determinants of Medication Adherence in the Homeless and Potential Enhancements Potential determinant Potential enhancements Ethical reliability of certain medications may be in question Keep in mind that albuterol ( Ventolin ) is used to enhance the effects of crack cocaine , clonidine ( Catapres ) extends effects of heroin and reduces its withdrawal symptoms , insulin syringes may be used to inject illicit drugs , and pseudoephedrine is used to make methamphetamine .
Life is already complex
Once- daily , directly observed therapy often is preferable ; use simplest medical regimen warranted by standard clinical guidelines .
Patients may keep possessions with them at all times
Always consider frequency , storage , and treatment duration ; whenever possible , fill prescriptions on site at time they are ordered ; simplify medical regimens .
Side effects may be particularly difficult to cope with Prescribe medications least likely to have severe negative side effects ; avoid prescribing medications with even a moderate likelihood of having significant sedative or gastrointestinal side effects unless the patient has a day to test them while safely sheltered ; be aggressive in changing medications to minimize side effects ; treat side effects symptomatically if alternative medications are contraindicated ; if a medication needs to be taken with food , provide a nutritious snack .
Storage may be an issue Educate patients and shelter staff about appropriate medication storage and access ; do not prescribe medications for which appropriate storage is not possible ; for children older than five years , use pills , tablets , or capsules instead of liquid formulations to avoid the need for measurement or refrigeration ; consider allowing medications to be stored at the clinic .
Missed immunizations
Update childhood immunizations at each clinic visit ; give a wallet card to parents with immunizations listed and dated ; provide hepatitis A and B vaccines and tetanus toxoid , reduced diphtheria toxoid , and acellular pertussis absorbed vaccines for adults ; provide influenza vaccines for all patients .
Crying child may disrupt other shelter residents
To allow the child to sleep , consider providing a cough suppressant , diphenhydramine ( Benadryl ) , or analgesia for acute ear infection .
Many patients depend on Medicaid ’s formulary Know which medications are on state ’s Medicaid and State Children ’s Health Insurance Program drug formularies ; to avoid delaying treatment , prescribe medications that do not require prior authorization , when possible .
BUILDING TRUST
A full - body , unclothed , comprehensive examination of an adult who is homeless is rarely possible before patient - physician trust and engagement is achieved .
Approximately 25 percent of these patients have at some time experienced severe mental disorders such as schizophrenia , major depression , or bipolar disorder , and many are survivors of physical or sexual abuse and / or assault .
11 –14
In addition , many have experienced negative interactions with authority figures , and because anxiety is highly prevalent in the homeless population , these patients may be averse to the private aspects of the physical examination .
At the first visit at which a full physical examination is appropriate , explain what a comprehensive physical examination entails and ask permission to perform one .
If the patient prefers not to disrobe at the first visit , defer nonurgent genital examinations until comfort levels allow .
7,8 Consider using an assistant for examinations of all clothed and unclothed patients who appear emotionally fragile .
8,15 Persons who are homeless can feel vulnerable within the health care system ; some have never used it .
Others have no idea how to navigate the system and may not follow through for that reason alone .
Providing a client advocate to accompany such patients can be invaluable .
Consider contacting a local homeless advocacy group , a faith - based group involved with community service projects , or a hospital auxiliary .
Such groups may be able to identify a person to assist the patient by providing transportation or directing guidance regarding appointments , testing , and other issues .
Emphasizing patient strengths is important .
Seeking health care , keeping appointments , and adhering to treatment are all examples of basic patient strengths that should be acknowledged .
Thank patients for showing up ( even if they are late ) and for any attempt by them to follow a plan of care .
The NHCHC guidelines point out that just meeting survival needs while homeless takes resourcefulness , patience , and tenacity .
6 DIET
Many shelters and soup kitchens serve food that makes adherence to special diets difficult for those with chronic medical conditions such as diabetes or hypertension .
It is imperative to be familiar with the types of food available to patients before suggesting how to structure their diet .
ACCESS Approximately 18 percent of adults who are homeless are employed .
16 After - hours clinic time is essential if physicians hope to accommodate working patients who cannot take time off without risking their jobs .
Whenever possible , create a drop - in time when no appointment is required , particularly for new patients .
Encourage routine follow - up for established patients , supplemented by an open - door policy for drop-ins .
Consider using small incentives ( e.g. , phone cards , bus tokens , hygiene kits , free condoms , new socks , food coupons ) to encourage patients to return for laboratory results .
8,9 NOMADIC LIFESTYLE
Although some patients who are homeless become well known to their physicians and have relatively good follow - up potential , others are nomadic and often travel across several neighborhoods , cities , or even states in the course of a month .
A key aspect of caring for these patients is to assess their mobility and the likelihood that they may stay in one place long enough to work on gaining better control of a chronic medical condition .
Evaluate all patients for residential stability .
Note their form of shelter and how often they have access to bathing facilities .
Check to see if they have a safe place to keep hygiene items and medications , including those that require refrigeration .
If the patient is not living in a shelter or on the street , ask if they are doubled - up .
Consider using wallet - sized monitoring cards or cards kept in pouches worn around the neck to record laboratory results , vital signs , examinations , and follow - up visits .
Patients can use these cards as a self - management tool or share the information with their next health care provider .
9,10 MEDICATIONS
When recommending the use of water , including for ingestion of medications , be sure the patient has access to it .
Avoid prescribing medications likely to have significant sedative side effects unless they initially can be tried out in a safe environment .
9
Medications that make the patients feel nauseous or that diminish alertness may compromise their safety on the streets or in shelters .
Be aware that diuretics can be problematic for persons who have little access to bathroom facilities throughout the day .9
Use caution if prescribing medications such as alpha or beta blockers that can result in rebound hypertension .
Do not use beta blockers for persons who may also use cocaine because the combination is dangerous unless an alpha blocker ( e.g. , clonidine [ Catapres ] ) or a combination blocker ( e.g. , labetalol [ Normodyne ] ) also is used .
Be sure to include careful education about the medication . 9
There is a high prevalence of hepatitis among perons who are homeless .
Liver function tests should be followed with particular care when using medications such as statins .
9
Medications with significant gastrointestinal side effects , particularly diarrhea , can be exceptionally difficult to handle in a homeless setting .
8,9 Aside from the more obvious ethical reliability concerns about prescribing scheduled medications , a few unscheduled medications ( e.g , albuterol [ Ventolin ] , clonidine , pseudophedrine ) and some tools ( e.g. , insulin syringes ) also can be sold or traded on the street ( Table 26 – 10 ) .
Their illicit use is uncommon , but physicians should still be alert to multiple lost prescriptions of these medications .
Provide particularly clear instructions for patients with diabetes about the use of insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents when food is not available .
10 Negotiate the amount of medications to dispense at a given time based on clinical indications , the patient ’s wishes and ability to hold onto the medications , and availability of transportation .
Some patients lose medications if larger quantities are provided .
For some patients , dispensing smaller amounts can provide an incentive to return for follow - up , but only if transportation to and from the clinic is available and affordable .9
Patient Education Jump to section +
Abstract
Overcoming Barriers to Care
Patient Education
Children and Adolescents
Ancillary Care
Education
References Adult patients with mental illness or chronic substance use may have impaired reasoning and delayed social development .
When discussing behavioral change with such patients , focus on immediate concerns rather than possible future consequences .
Ask patients what has prompted them to use emergency departments in the past .
Use their answers to educate them about appropriate emergency department use .
Help the patient or family make a plan for emergencies .
Be sure they know the location of emergency facilities as well as how to contact a primary care physician , if one is available , before going to the emergency department .
The prevalence of smoking is significantly higher in the homeless population than in the general population .
17 Physicians should acknowledge that smoking cessation may be a low priority for the patient in this situation , but the importance of reducing nicotine use should still be stressed .
Use the harm reduction approach ( e.g. , encourage patients to reduce the number of cigarettes daily ) .
At the end of each clinic visit , consider asking the patient if anything discussed was unclear or if there was anything in the plan of care that would be difficult for the patient to do .
One of the most helpful and healthful services that the physician can perform is to send for old patient records , review them , and write out one succinct wallet - sized medical history review for the patient to carry .
Children and Adolescents Jump to section +
Abstract
Overcoming Barriers to Care
Patient Education
Children and Adolescents
Ancillary Care
Education
References Homelessness in childhood is an independent predictor of poor health and the frequent need for medical care .
Children who are homeless have a higher incidence of trauma - related injuries , developmental delays , sinusitis , anemia , asthma , bowel dysfunction , eczema , visual and neurologic deficits , and poor academic performance .
However , their verbal and nonverbal intelligence scores are similar to those of their housed peers .
18,19 Many homeless adolescents have experienced violent physical or sexual abuse for many years .
A higher rate of abuse has been reported in females compared with males and in persons with an alternative sexual orientation compared with heterosexuals .
15,20,21
Use every patient visit as a potential opportunity to perform a general physical examination , including standard screenings and oral screenings for age - appropriate teeth and obvious tooth decay .
Assist parents in learning effective parenting skills .
Recognize that plans to shape new behaviors in children or extinguish old ones are difficult to carry out in group living situations where parent - child interactions may be subject to public scrutiny , criticism , and interference from others .
Update childhood immunizations at every clinical encounter .
Given the high risk of exposure to respiratory infections in group living situations , immunize against influenza annually .
Ancillary Care Jump to section +
Abstract
Overcoming Barriers to Care
Patient Education
Children and Adolescents
Ancillary Care
Education
References
Whenever possible , provide recuperative care or medical respite facilities where patients can convalesce when ill , recuperate following hospitalization , or receive end - of - life care .
Medical respite services are cost - effective because they prevent future hospitalizations .
22 Permanent housing will help alleviate many of the barriers that individuals and families who are homeless face .
Work with social workers and case managers to pursue all entitlements for which a family is eligible .
Connect with outreach programs and coalitions , physicians , mental health board members , alcohol and drug abuse organizations , or other advocates for at - risk populations in the community .
have always hated working with JavaScript .
It 's not a particularly difficult language , but it 's just too easy to make silly mistakes .
Things like syntax errors and mistyped variable names remain hidden until you deploy your code .
When you are used to your compiler catching this sort of error as you type , using a compiler that lacks this feature can be a real productivity drag .
In addition , isolating and debugging your script is a painful process .
And to top it all off , JavaScript has no code completion , so you have to know the APIs by heart .
Code completion is one of those things you never really appreciate until you no longer have it .
Nevertheless , with the increasing demand for rich user experiences , JavaScript is probably here to stay .
It seems that every new web site worth its salt wants its share of dynamic behavior , eye candy , and AJAX sugar .
While some tools can hide the nastier bits of JavaScript code when you are working with AJAX components , you still often have to get your hands dirty and work with the JavaScript code yourself .
So the pain remains .
However , the latest version of NetBeans ( NetBeans 6.1 ) attempts to change all this .
This new version comes with a brand spanking new JavaScript editor with all the mod cons of a modern Java editor , including real - time syntax checking , code completion , and more .
In this article , I take the new NetBeans JavaScript features for a test drive .
Semantic Highlighting
The most obvious feature of the JavaScript editor is the new syntax highlighting .
Actually , the documentation calls this semantic highlighting , and it is more than simply putting the JavaScript keywords in a particular color .
JavaScript keywords and variables are displayed in different colors , depending on their nature and context .
Method declarations are in bold , keywords in blue , strings in orange , and so on .
And , more interestingly , variables vary in color depending on their scope .
Global variables are in green , whereas local variables are in black .
And any unused variables are underlined in grey .
This last feature has the potential to be a great timesaver .
Since JavaScript is a typeless language , you get little warning if you misspell variable names .
Consider the listing in Figure 1 .
There are no syntax errors in this code , and the script will execute without any runtime errors .
However , the code contains several potential errors and bugs that the NetBeans semantic highlighting can help you avoid .
Figure 1 . NetBean 's Semantic Highlighting in Action :
This code contains potential errors that the NetBeans semantic highlighting can help you avoid .
First of all , notice the way the " x " variable in the bar ( ) function is underlined .
This means it has been declared , but is never used .
This should immediately be treated with suspicion did I mean " return x " rather than " return xx " in the next line ?
Another , more subtle error can be gleaned from the code in the foo ( ) function .
The two variables " xx " and " b " are greenindeed , they are global variables , because they are not declared with the " var " keywords .
In JavaScript , local variables inside a function need to be declared using " var " , otherwise they will be assumed to be global .
So all this green within a function should also be viewed as a warning sign .
This is a simple example of NetBean 's semantic highlighting in action .
Do n't underestimate the utility of this feature far from being simple eye candy , it can actively help you find potential bugs in your code .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Bush administration told the CIA in 2002 that its interrogators working abroad would not violate U.S. prohibitions against torture unless they " have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering , " according to a previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday .
Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft testifies before Congress July 17 about waterboarding .
The interrogator 's " good faith " and " honest belief " that the interrogation will not cause such suffering protects the interrogator , the memo adds .
" Because specific intent is an element of the offense , the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture , " Jay Bybee , then the assistant attorney general , wrote in the memo .
The 18 - page memo is heavily redacted , with 10 of its 18 pages completely blacked out and only a few paragraphs legible on the others .
Another memo released Thursday advises that " the waterboard , " or simulated drowning , does " not violate the Torture Statute . "
It also cites a number of warnings against torture , including statements by President Bush and a then - new Supreme Court ruling " which raises possible concerns about future U.S. judicial review of the [ interrogation ] Program . "
A third memo instructs interrogators to keep records of sessions in which " enhanced interrogation techniques " are used .
The memo is signed by then - CIA director George Tenet and dated January 28 , 2003 .
The memos were made public by the American Civil Liberties Union , which obtained the three CIA - related documents under Freedom of Information Act requests .
" These documents supply further evidence , if any were needed , that the Justice Department authorized the CIA to torture prisoners in its custody , " said Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU National Security Project .
The Bush administration has consistently denied that the United States tortures detainees .
Reports say the CIA waterboarded three " high - value detainees , " including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , although former Justice Department official Daniel Levin suggested in congressional testimony in June that there had been more than three instances of the practice , which critics call torture .
The third document released Thursday was blacked out except for a line saying " Unless otherwise approved by Headquarters , CIA officers ( redacted ) may use only Permissible Interrogation Techniques .
Permissible Interrogation Techniques consist of both ( a ) Standard Techniques and ( b ) Enhanced Techniques , " plus the instruction for interrogators to keep records of sessions in which enhanced interrogation techniques are used .
All About John Ashcroft • U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary
Zara the lion cub and Arnie the tom cat are " great friends " A lion cub is being hand - reared by the director of a Cambridgeshire zoo because her mother would not feed her .
Zara has been bottle - fed daily by staff at Linton Zoo after her parents struggled to cope with their newborn .
She was just 2lb 4oz and would have died without human intervention , but six weeks on she weighs a healthy 10 lb .
Zara , who lives at Kim Simmons ' home , has also made friends with the family cat Arnie - but it is hoped that ultimately she will be freed in Uganda .
Mrs Simmons said : " We only hand - rear the cubs if it is absolutely necessary , but this was Safina 's ( Zara 's mother ) first baby and she could n't feed her due to her young age and inexperience . "
Mrs Simmons said Zara had become " great friends " with her ginger tom cat Arnie since moving into her home , on the zoo site .
" She 's got an absolutely wonderful personality and is very laid back and affectionate .
Zara was 2lb 4oz and would have died without human intervention " Arnie the cat loves having cubs in the house and the two are great friends , but we 'll have to guard him as Zara gets bigger and stronger . "
Zara is the latest addition to a family of five lions ' at family - run Linton Zoo , near Cambridge .
Her parents Safina and Zuri and her grandparents Riziki and Karla are all at the zoo which has been operating since 1972 .
Safina and Zuri are expecting another litter of cubs in October and Ms Simmons believes their brief experience with Zara will help them to be more able to cope next time .
All lions born at Linton Zoo will be moved to Uganda as part of a joint project between West Midlands Safari Park and Paradise Wildlife Park in Hertfordshire .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Google Inc. Chief Executive Eric Schmidt called Yahoo Inc. CEO Jerry
Yang to offer his company 's help in any effort to thwart Microsoft Corp .'s unsolicited $ 44.6 billion bid for Yahoo , say people familiar with the matter .
The approach Friday from Google -- Microsoft 's chief rival on the Internet -- came as Yahoo is assessing its options for responding to Microsoft 's aggressive " bear hug " bid , which has sent aftershocks through the media and technology industries since its announcement three days ago .
People familiar with the ...
The wraps have come off one of Westminster Abbey 's least known treasures , a medieval marble pavement foretelling the end of the world , while conservation experts consider how to preserve the ancient stones for the next 740 years .
Few modern visitors have ever seen it , although since 1268 kings and princes , queens and cardinals have walked across a symbol laden mosaic as intricate as a piece of jewellery .
It is made up of rare marbles and gemstones , including some recycled from monuments 1,000 years older , and pieces of coloured glass , set in complex allegorical patterns into a framework of Purbeck marble cut as intricately as a jigsaw puzzle .
" When this floor was new it would have blazed with colour , " Vanessa Simeoni , the abbey 's head of conservation said .
" The materials were chosen for their brilliance and shine , and the quality of the craftsmanship is actually shocking , the ultimate that could be achieved . "
The mosaics are known as Cosmati work , after the four generations of a Roman family of marble workers who perfected the technique .
The Westminster one , regarded as the finest north of the Alps , uniquely has an inscription boasting of its makers - and a cryptic message about the end of the world .
It was laid in the 1260s , when Henry III sent his new Abbot of Westminster , Richard de Ware , for talks with the Pope in Rome .
The Englishman saw a newly installed pavement in the Pope 's summer residence , knew it was just the thing for the cathedral which Henry was spectacularly rebuilding around the tomb of St Edward the Confessor , and arrived home with a ship load of marble , glass and Italian craftsmen .
Ware 's reward was his own tomb incorporated into the design .
Henry 's tomb , and the saint 's shrine , were originally covered in similar work , but all the scraps of marble and glass were picked out as sacred relics by generations of pilgrims .
Only a handful of brass letters remains of the original long inscription , but it was transcribed centuries ago .
It names the king , the chief craftsman as Odoricus , gives the date in a tortuous riddle , and then mysteriously suggests that the world will last for 19,683 years , by adding together the life spans of different animals : " add dogs and horses and men , stags and ravens , eagles , enormous whales .... "
Careful cleaning , and a radar survey has revealed that although the pavement bears the scars of centuries of repairs and patching , crude and careful , most of it is original , the rich green and plum - coloured porphyry - almost certainly from chopped up ancient Roman sculptures and architectural fragments - still bedded in the limestone mortar laid by the medieval craftsmen .
For most of the past 150 years it has been covered in thick layers of carpet intended to protect but in fact just adding to the dirt and staining .
Even when the Queen was crowned above it in 1953 , the royal pavement was covered over .
The two - year restoration programme will now stabilise the pavement , so that a treasure from the middle ages can be permanently displayed in a 21st century cathedral .
There have been calls for increased global oil output
The price of crude oil has hit a new high of close to $ 140 a barrel in New York trade , despite Saudi Arabia agreeing to increase output in July .
During Monday 's session , US light crude rose to $ 139.89 a barrel , surpassing the previous high of $ 139.12 on 6 June .
It later fell back from the record high , to close at $ 134.61 .
On Sunday , Saudi Arabia said it would boost production by 200,000 barrels a day next month to meet growing worldwide demand .
That would make a total rise of 550,000 barrels a day , or over 6 % , since May and would take Saudi output to its highest monthly rate since August 1981 .
The news was announced after UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon met Saudi Oil Minister Ali al - Naimi in Jeddah for talks on the high oil price .
The market has got it in its head that we are about to run out of oil , and is looking for negative news
John Hall , oil analyst
Q&A : Record oil prices
Last month , Saudi Arabia increased its production by 300,000 barrels a day .
The country is thought to be the only oil producer with the ability to pump substantially more crude .
It argues that the current high prices are caused by speculators rather than any shortage of crude oil .
Oil prices had fallen by almost $ 2 on Friday after reports that Saudi Arabia might boost oil production but many believe that this pledge is too little too late to bring down oil prices .
Extremely volatile " If they'd have said this six months ago , it might have had some effect , " said oil industry expert John Hall .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" But the market has got it in its head that we are about to run out of oil , and is looking for negative news . "
" The market is extremely volatile at the moment , " he added .
" Any disruption to supply is immediately jumped on . "
Speculation about the future of oil prices has been rife recently , with some analysts predicting oil could jump to as much as $ 200 a barrel during the next 18 months .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The extra 200,000 barrels a day from Saudi Arabia are just a drop in the ocean Oz , Seattle , USA Israeli threats to strike Iran over its nuclear programme have also helped fan the flames .
Movements in the currency markets on Monday also triggered the latest price spike , with the dollar weakening against the euro and subsequently making oil cheaper for investors dealing in other currencies .
Meanwhile , Norwegian oil firm StatoilHydro saw oil and gas production temporarily abandoned when a fire broke out on the 90,000 barrel a day North Sea platform .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The other day I had something happen to me at work that caused me to lose faith in a large portion of the population .
For those of you who have followed my blog through the last few months , or anyone who has navigated around it , you 'll know I work as a Customer Service Rep in a call center .
Not exactly a prime place to find the worlds best and brightest to begin with , but I digress .
My direct colleagues and I already have an air of superiority to begin with since we are a specialty department and always assume the other reps are airheads since they can't seem to understand what we do and do not do , but sometimes something happens that even the people outside of my department or even my company will just put their hand up to their forehead and think , " What the hell was that guy thinking ? "
Here are a few .
I work in the Fraud department , customer has a concern with charges on their account , transfer them to me , simple right ?
If only you knew .
Me : " Fraud department , this is Troy "
CSR : " Oh great , did I reach the fraud department ? "
Me : " Sure did "
CSR : " Awesome , and who am I speaking with ? "
Me : " Troy "
CSR then proceeds to explain the call to me , letting me know what I will be doing when the caller comes through to me .
CSR : " And now before I transfer them through , how would you like to be introduced ? "
* Facepalm *
The best part about that lovely exchange is that the rep is not from India , that wonderful human is from our own USofA .
Take pride Americans , take pride .
Not to be outdone , our buddies in India like to follow up with this little gem :
Me : " Fraud department , this is Troy "
India : " Excuse me , Charlie ? "
Me : " Troy "
India : " Ok Charlie , this is the situation ... "
* explains *
India : " Alright , and you 're name was Charlie ? "
Me : " No , Troy "
India : " Oh I 'm sorry , let me introduce the caller "
India : " Caller , Thank you for holding , I have Charlie on the line to better assist you "
* Facepalm *
Here 's a good universal one that never ceases to amaze me , fear for your accounts ladies and gents , fear for them .
Me : " Fraud department , this is Troy "
CSR : " Hi Troy , this is soandso , I have a caller on the line who has fraud on their account "
Me : " Ok , I 'll be glad to assist , how did you identify the caller ? "
CSR : " I did n't "
* This is the fraud department , we actually would like to STOP fraud , not encourage it , thanks *
* Facepalm *
To wrap it all up , I would like to stress the importance of situational awareness , know whats going on before you open your trap , this goes for anyone , even not in the customer service field .
If I get done introducing a caller to you who was just had their identity stolen and abused by a family member , DO NOT start the call with , " Hi ma'am , my name is Steve , how are you doing today ? "
The threat to America is n't terrorism , it 's our own stupidity .
・ Perceptron [ F. Rosenblatt 1958 ] ・ Averaged Perceptron [ M. Collins 2002 ] ・ Passive Agressive ( PA , PA- I , PA - II ) [ K. Crammer , et. al. 2006 ] ・ ALMA ( modified slightly from original ) [ H. Daume , 2007 ] ・ Confidence Weighted Linear - Classification [ M. Dredze , 2008 ]
TrackBack
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference OLL : オンライン機械学習ライブラリをリリースしました。 :
Last month ’s United Nations High Level Meeting on AIDS drew government officials and members of
civil society from around the world to UN headquarters .
During the meeting , individuals came together and caucused around
particular issue areas , including the seemingly - innocuous concept of " family rights , " at the Family Rights Caucus .
But " family rights " is often a blind used to usher
in a host of right wing biases .
This caucus was convened by the
Catholic Family and Human Rights Institute ( C - FAM ) , Family Watch
International ( FWI ) , National Association for Research and Therapy of
Homosexuality ( NARTH ) and Jews Offering New Alternatives to Homosexuality
( JONAH ) .
Lynn Allred , Communications
Director for Family Watch International , framed the purpose of the
discussion in her opening statements : to uphold religious freedom and parental
rights and to defend the beliefs that marriage can only exist between a man and a
woman and that " the family is the foundational unit of society . "
After Allred ’s introduction , we knew
what was in store : good old - fashioned
right wing propaganda .
But the Right
has learned a thing or two in recent years that has greatly influenced their
advocacy approach .
Old - fashioned propaganda comes with a very new spin .
First , the Right has learned the importance of
tailoring messages to a specific audience .
Sensationalized defamation and
name - calling may play well when preaching to supporters , but doing so in a
setting such as the High Level Meeting undermines their legitimacy .
Using human rights language and
creating arguments which can stand up to some logical inquiry , however , is less
likely to alienate those who find sensational rhetoric
offensive or unreasonable .
When Sharon
Slater , President of Family Watch International asked , " Is stigmatizing high
risk behavior the same as stigmatizing an individual with HIV ? " this was not an
innocent question , but a careful calculation on how to undermine sexual rights
while seeming to appear fair - minded .
Later in the discussion , Slater told the audience that
she has a very good friend who smokes and that she frequently talks to this
friend about how she can get help .
She stressed that in these conversations , she
addressed the behavior not the
individual .
This is classic homosexual
conversion rhetoric , which came as no surprise given the presence of Arthur A .
Goldberg , Board member of NARTH , Co-Director of JONAH , and President of
Positive Alternatives to Homosexuality ( PATH ) .
He argued that many people experience unwanted same - sex attraction for which treatment is available ,
stressing that the focus is on the rooting out the behavior and not attacking
the person .
I was unconvinced .
He
followed this statement with a discussion of a scientific study conducted by
homosexual researchers ( he made sure we took note of this fact ) that
demonstrated that no homosexual relationship is 100 % monogamous .
Goldberg argued that the conclusion to take
away from this study was that all homosexual relationships were promiscuous and high risk .
He emphasized
the fact that these researchers were homosexuals
who conducted this study of their own
people so they had no ulterior motive .
He concluded that " we ’re not promoting religious values — we ’re staying in the secular , scientific
and evidence based . "
Can those of us
advocating for sexual and reproductive health and rights can count that as a
win — that the " evidence - based " argument has been so
successful that it has been co-opted by the right ?
It ’s a bittersweet victory .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Another key lesson learned by right - wing advocates is to
have a seat at the table , or at least close to the table .
The mandates of organizations like C- FAM and
Family Watch International include participating in proceedings and meetings at the
international level .
C-FAM ’s mission is “ [ t ] o defend life and family at international institutions and to
publicize the debate , ” carried out through their vision , which is
“ [t ] he preservation of international law by discrediting
socially radical policies at the United Nations and other international
institutions . ”
Austin Ruse , President and Founder of C - FAM had this to say
at the 1999 World Congress of Families meeting in Geneva :
We have arrived at a perilous moment in the life of the
family .
Long under attack by her enemies , the family seems now to be
disintegrating all around us .
In every country of the developed world , families
are breaking up under a plethora of pernicious pathologies .
The roots of the
attack , and their result are easily enumerated by most of the current social
science data .
But I will focus on one institution
with which I am most familiar , the United Nations , an institution that is
increasingly at the forefront of the attack on the family .
Piero A. Tozzi , Executive Vice President and General Counsel
of C - FAM , stated in the caucus meeting that organizations like C- FAM are
present to support countries who believe that families play an important role in
society .
They do so by convening small , closed meetings with country delegates
as well as calling open meetings such as the Family Rights Caucus which can draw
anyone present .
In the June 25 edition of the Family
Watch International newsletter , Slater reported that " caucus meeting allowed [ them ] to identify new allies in
several countries , including an official UN delegate representing Kenya , who pleaded with [ them ] to come to Kenya as soon
as possible to launch an African movement for the family . "
Their successes come
not only in influencing language and content of negotiated documents , but in
the relationships forged to further spread their messages .
The organizations
represented in this caucus meeting are increasingly committed to their mission
of engaging in international advocacy .
It will serve us well to continue
to keep watch on where they go and how they get there .
Pluto was stripped of its planet status two years ago " Plutoid " is the word of the moment for astronomers .
It is the new classification that has been sanctioned for the object that was formerly known as the " ninth planet " .
It is nearly two years since the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) stripped Pluto of its former status as a " proper " planet .
Now an IAU committee , meeting in Oslo , has suggested that small , nearly spherical objects orbiting beyond Neptune should carry the " plutoid " tag .
As astronomy 's official nomenclature organisation , the IAU must approve all new names and classifications .
Its decision at the 2006 General Assembly to demote Pluto from " planet " to " dwarf planet " caused an international furore .
Plutoids or haemorrhoids , whatever they call it .
This is irrelevant
Alan Stern Pluto 's relegation was felt necessary because new telescope technologies had begun to reveal far - off objects that rivalled the world in size .
Without a new classification , these discoveries raised the prospect that textbooks could soon be talking about 50 or more " planets " in the Solar System .
That prospect proved too much for IAU members who took the historic decision to redefine the Solar System to have just eight major worlds - Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
They relegated Pluto to a grouping that includes Ceres ( the largest asteroid ) , and Eris , an object slightly larger than Pluto that orbits even further out from the Sun in an icy region sometimes referred to as the " scattered disc " .
The IAU 's Committee on Small Body Nomenclature has now decided that dwarf planets that move beyond Neptune should be placed in a new sub-category , the plutoid .
More plutoids
In a statement released on Tuesday , the IAU further explained the plutoid definition as celestial bodies that " have sufficient mass for their self - gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that they assume a hydrostatic equilibrium ( near - spherical ) shape , and that have not cleared [ their orbits of debris ] .
" The two known and named plutoids are Pluto and Eris .
It is expected that more plutoids will be named as science progresses and new discoveries are made . "
The plutoids will also need to have a minimum brightness .
Ceres will not be considered a plutoid because of its position in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter .
The classification will not placate those incensed by Pluto 's demotion .
Alan Stern , a former Nasa space sciences chief and principal investigator on a mission to Pluto , was scathing in his condemnation of the IAU .
" It 's just some people in a smoke - filled room who dreamed it up , " he told the Associated Press .
" Plutoids or haemorrhoids , whatever they call it .
This is irrelevant . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Eight years ago , when John McCain was preparing to drop out of the race for the Republic nomination , he predicted that he probably would n't run again : " If I were 43 or 53 , it might be different , " he said .
" But I 'm 63 , a pretty old geezer . "
So what does that make the soon - to - be - 72 McCain ?
" Sensitive , " is one answer .
When Barack Obama said last month that McCain is " losing his bearings as he pursues this nomination , " McCain aide Mark Salter fired off a memo that called Obama 's words a " not - particularly - clever way of raising John McCain 's age as an issue . "
Salter said the " bearings " comment was just " typical of the Obama style of campaigning . "
So I take it that John McCain 's age , like Hillary Clinton 's sex and Barack Obama 's skin color , is not supposed to be raised as an issue .
Indeed , the campaign 's " three - isms " - racism , sexism and ageism - often get mentioned in the same breath .
A piece in the New York Times recently bore the mystifying title " Age Becomes the New Race and Gender , " and explained that this year 's campaign " has provided an extended test of attitudes " towards all three .
Not to be outdone , this typically silly New York Sun column contends that " Race and age are the great subterranean themes … at play in the presidential election and are at least as potent as the differences between the rival candidates over issues such as health care and free trade . "
Indeed , the author suggests that McCain might have it worse , since race " is strictly off limits while a person 's age , it seems , is fair game for humor . "
But there 's a reason why age is fair game for humour : it 's also fair game for voters .
Age is n't the " new " race and gender .
It is n't even the old race and gender .
McCain 's age is a legitimate issue in this election .
Unlike race and gender , age has necessary implications for anyone 's ability to perform the job .
Why is age different ?
The main reason why age matters is that the job of president is difficult to perform while dead .
The average life expectancy for an American male is just shy of 75 years , and while the McCain campaign is fond of rolling out the senator 's 96 - year old mother - as in this particularly shameless example - they are substantially less eager to mention that McCain 's father died at 70 and grandfather died at 61 .
And there are a variety of maladies that might grab you on the way to the grave : illnesses , memory loss , lack of energy - plenty of health problems to go around .
( For some speculation about what ageing might mean for McCain 's brain , see this Slate article . )
To be sure , you would n't want the candidates ' age to be the dispositive factor governing your choice for president .
It would be strange and foolish to summarily reject a candidate after he passed a certain age , in the same way that it would be strange to prejudicially reject , say , blind candidates .
Responsible voters should judge candidates as individuals , not as vast aggregations of class membership .
But this does n't mean qualities like age or vision do n't have real effects on one 's ability to perform a job , and can't serve as shortcuts for democratic decision making .
Indeed , the government uses these shortcuts all the time : federal law requires that airline pilots retire by age 65 , despite the fact that there are almost certainly some pilots who could continue flying until the ripe age of 70 .
Maybe even 72 .
But if grouping race and age in the same category makes no logical sense , it does serve a very real argumentative purpose .
Actually , two purposes .
First , mentioning McCain's age alongside Obama 's race is an attempt to silence discussion of the elder senator 's health , and thus disarm a legitimate campaign issue .
( The goal of Salter 's memo is to make you feel like a regular Roger Taney if your words bear even the faintest concern for McCain 's chronological challenges . )
Second , conflating age and race is an attempt to silence claims from Obama supporters that their candidate is at a unique disadvantage because of his race .
According to the McCain campaign , we 're all victims here - or , at the very least , there 's plenty of room under the mantle of victimhood .
I 'm not buying it : Obama 's race is a real disadvantage , and John McCain 's age is both a real and reasonable issue in this campaign .
But maybe I 'll think differently in a couple of decades .
Or maybe I 'll just forget I 've written this .
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
Does that come with fries ?
Despite the economic downturn , a Lower Manhattan restaurant is now offering a $ 175 hamburger .
It 's made of Kobe beef , topped with gold flakes , black truffles , a thick slab of seared foie gras and aged Gruyere cheese .
Wall Street Burger Shoppe co-owner Heather Tierney thinks of it as " a work of art . "
Tierney says the item attracts Wall Street types who down a few beers and then fork over $ 175 to " show off in front of their friends . "
The Wall Street Burger Shoppe just raised the price from $ 150 .
According to Pocket Change , an online newsletter about the most expensive things in New York , another restaurant in NYC charges $ 150 for a burger .
Contributing : Daily News Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Brendan McDermid , Reuters
The $ 175 burger is made of Kobe beef , topped with gold flakes , black truffles , a thick slab of seared foie gras and aged Gruyere cheese .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Former Staff
( You may have been redirected to this web page if you were trying to locate material published by a former member of the department . )
Staff are asked to provide follow - on email address and web site details using this form so that they can be contacted once they have left the university .
This information is listed below ( where available ) .
Former staff are encouraged to help us keep this information up - to - date .
However we cannot guarantee that the information listed here is current .
Please email cs-webmaster@kent.ac.uk if you wish to amend your details shown on this page .
Ruby 1.8.7 Released : Enumeration Object Support Backported From 1.9
By Peter Cooper
With all the excitement surrounding RailsConf 2008 and the Maglev announcement , news of the release of Ruby 1.8.7 passed rather quietly .
The download URLs can be found here , but note that the official Ruby - Lang.org download page does not reflect 1.8.7 's release yet .
Ruby 1.8.7 is a point release of the stable , production - ready 1.8.x branch , so it should be ready to roll out to your deployment environments but be cautious .
It features many bug fixes , but also some performance enhancements and significant back - ports of Ruby 1.9 functionality ( enumeration objects in particular ) .
More information is available in the release NEWS file .
The most interesting developments include :
vendor_ruby
A new library directory named `vendor_ruby ' is introduced in addition to `site_ruby ' .
The idea is to separate libraries installed by the package system ( `vendor ' ) from manually ( `site ' ) installed libraries preventing the former from getting overwritten by the latter , while preserving the user option to override vendor libraries with site libraries .
( `site_ruby ' takes precedence over `vendor_ruby ' )
securerandom
securerandom is a Ruby 1.9 library that 's now part of the Ruby 1.8 standard library too .
Example : require ' securerandom ' ; SecureRandom.random_bytes ( 16 )
Array #flatten changes
Array #flatten now takes an optional argument that determines how deep to perform flattening .
Array method changes
Array # collect ! , Array #map ! , Array#each , Array # each_index , Array # reverse_each , Array #reject , Array #reject ! and Array # delete_if now return an enumerator if no block is given .
Array #pop and Array # shift now take an optional argument specifying the number of elements to remove from the array .
Binding#eval
Binding #eval is a new method to enable evaluations to take place in the context of a binding .
Enumerable :: Enumerator added
Enumerable :: Enumerator adds support for enumerations to be dealt with as objects , as in Ruby 1.9 .
Enumerator support on many classes
Many methods based on IO , Integer , Array ( see above ) , ARGF , Numeric , ObjectSpace , Range , String , and Struct now support returning enumerator objects where no blocks are given .
net/smtp
net / smtp now supports SSL / TLS connections .
These items really only scratch the surface though .
Dig into the NEWS file for more info .
The idea of solar power sounds so simple .
And it seems like it should be cheap compared to other sources of energy .
After all , the sun is there , and it 's free .
But despite federal and some state government subsidies that have helped push up demand , solar power still accounts for less than 1 % of power generation in the U.S.
That 's because ...
My High School Physical Education instructor repeatedly mentioned that a workout in a pool is more beneficial , for the additional resistance but the little feeling of weightlessness .
This Underwater Treadmill may not be fully submerged , but provides a great solution for rehabilitation and exercise .
Since the body is submerged from the waist down , it has additional resistance when walking .
For patients going through rehabilitation , it will still provide the workout while keeping them somewhat afloat .
You could always argue the case claiming that patients should strain more when recovering , but I think that is on a case to case basis .
I am not sure if exercise machines are becoming easier or just more fun .
A fun example could always be the Anti-Gravity Treadmill .
Via : TrendHunter
By Judith Burns
BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Tests on a UK - led technology at the heart of a planned Moon mission have been a spectacular success , according to the experts involved in the project .
Three penetrator missiles were fired into a sand bunker in Wales , designed to mimic the lunar surface .
Professor Alan Smith , of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory , told BBC News the results had exceeded expectations .
He is a leading figure in the Moonlite mission , which hopes to fire instruments into the Moon in 2013 .
A BBC team witnessed the final day of the tests at the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) test site at Pendine , near Tenby .
The site has been open since 1940 but is now operated by Qinetiq , the privatised MoD spin - off company which developed the penetrator technology .
Three projectiles were tested on three consecutive days at the end of May .
They look like missiles but , rather than exploding on impact , they are designed to stay intact to protect the scientific instruments inside .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Moonlite mission plans to fire four penetrators into the lunar surface from an orbiting spacecraft .
They will come to rest three metres ( 10 ft ) underground .
The onboard instruments will send back a mass of information , everything from seismic activity and mineral composition to the underground temperature .
Sand blasted Security at Pendine was tight - we had to show passports to gain entry .
The high - speed test track is set in a large area of sand dunes paradoxically full of birds and flowers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It 's a hard hat site ; during the firing itself , all staff must take cover .
We were actually confined to the control centre .
Earlier , we saw scientists loading instruments into the third and final penetrator to be tested .
The purpose of the test firings was to check how well the penetrators would withstand being slammed into several tonnes of sand at 1,100 km/h ( 700 m ph ) and whether the instruments inside would survive .
The difference between the penetrators that had already been fired and the one that had yet to be tested was striking .
The blue paint on the fired ones was scraped off and the steel nose cones were distorted .
But despite their battered appearance , Peter Truss of Qinetiq confirmed that they had done their job and protected the instruments inside : " our confidence is growing with every test " .
Qinetiq not only contributed to the missile derived design of the penetrators themselves , but to the batteries and communication systems they will carry .
Ultimately , the plan will be to apply this technology to other rocky planets and moons in the Solar System , particularly to Jupiter 's icy moon Europa , which may have an ocean below its frozen surface .
Other candidates include Saturn 's moons Titan and Enceladus .
Deep space Until now , missions have only been able to scrape the surface of other planets .
" We 're developing the technologies now to enable a much more in - depth analysis of these planetary bodies and with the increase in technology that we can apply to these problems , all sorts of possibilities open up , " explained Peter Truss .
The other advantage of penetrators is that it 's easier to fire into a rocky planet than to land gently on the surface .
Loading and safety checks complete , the penetrator was driven out to the test track .
This stretches 1,500 m through the sand dunes but the penetrator and its rockets were strapped to a firing sled 300 m from the target .
We retired to the control room and looked on as scientists waited anxiously for the final countdown .
When it came , the firing shattered the quiet with a reverberating bang .
There were cheers from the scientists at the completion of the last test .
Then it was time to break cover and head down to the sand bunker with a metal detector and some shovels to locate the penetrator and dig it out .
Researchers measured how far it had pushed into the sand and collected samples .
In each test , the penetrators described a curved trajectory upwards through the sand , ending up only slightly below the surface .
Intruigingly , they also turned the sand they touched black , possibly as a result of its high coal content reacting to the heat .
Speaking later , back at the Mullard Space Science Laboratory , Professor Smith said Nasa and the European Space Agency were showing interest .
" The results have been spectacular and the space agencies are sitting up and taking notice , " he said .
" Before now it had all been on paper .
Now we have real hardware to show them . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Slide 1 of 10 ,
Some culinary trend watchers say the current appetite for whimsical produce art may have started with Saxton Freymann 's work in the 1997 book , " Play With Your Food . "
His brussels sprouts pigs , broccoli poodles and bok choy fish have been featured on greeting cards , calendars and in several subsequent books .
Saxton Freymann
New York City spends $ 2 billion on stadiums while slashing public funds
By Peter Daniels
19 June 2008
New York City ’s two major league baseball teams are in the midst of constructing enormously expensive new stadiums to be ready for opening day of the 2009 baseball season .
Yankee Stadium in the Bronx , which opened 85 years ago , will be replaced by a new structure that is going up right across the street , on the current site of Macombs Dam Park .
The new stadium is expected to cost at least $ 1.3 billion , making it the most expensive stadium ever built in the US .
The $ 1.3 billion figure does not include at least $ 500 million that the city is spending for garages and to replace the parkland handed over for the new stadium .
Meanwhile , the same thing is happening in the borough of Queens .
Right next to Shea Stadium , since 1964 the home of the New York Mets , the new CitiField is going up , named after banking giant Citigroup , which is paying $ 20 million annually for the naming rights for the next 20 years .
The cost of building CitiField will run between $ 700 million and $ 800 million .
The spectacle of two new stadiums going up in the shadows of two perfectly serviceable old ones — at a cost of well over $ 2 billion — is a fitting symbol of the greed and irrationality of the profit system in general and privately owned professional sports franchises in particular .
In a prime example of “ corporate welfare , ” the New York City and state governments have come up with $ 204 million for the new Yankee Stadium and $ 166 million for CitiField .
They are also spending more than $ 300 million for parking garages and new parkland to replace what was taken for the new stadium in the Bronx .
And this does not include the hundreds of millions of dollars in tax - exempt bond financing arranged and agreed to by city and state officials .
This past week , the Yankees were reported to have asked for an additional $ 350 million in such financing , on top of the $ 943 million in city bonds they got after the project was first announced in 2006 .
The new stadiums are in some respects the sports equivalent of the million - dollar luxury condominiums sprouting up in various parts of Manhattan , which have lately been in the news because of two separate crane accidents only weeks apart that led to the deaths of construction workers and neighborhood residents .
Both the new Yankee Stadium and CitiField will have significantly fewer seats than the arenas they are replacing .
The Bronx stadium will have 51,000 seats compared to the current 57,545 .
CitiField will have 45,000 compared to the current 57,333 .
The result will be higher priced seats as space is cleared for more luxury boxes .
Both stadiums are being designed with the aim of making a greater appeal to the wealthy as well as corporate customers and their clients .
For average working class New Yorkers , the new stadiums will be even more out of reach than the existing ones , particularly when the cost of parking and other expenses are taken into account .
When the Yankee Stadium project was approved three years ago , the local community had no input .
The transfer of neighborhood parkland was passed by the state legislature without a public hearing .
Replacement parks were mandated under state and federal law , but the promise of new parks has predictably turned out to be something of a hoax .
None of the new parks have been completed , even though the area lost access to its parks when construction began two years ago .
While Macombs Dam and John Mullaly Parks were nearly contiguous and conveniently situated , the new parkland is scattered around in small parcels .
Some sports fields are going to be on top of the planned stadium parking garage , and will be closed on 81 home game days a year , almost half the time during the spring and summer months .
Another park will be a mile away on the Harlem River waterfront , on the opposite side of an interstate highway .
Neighborhood residents are understandably disgusted and angry over the situation .
The Bronx is the city ’s poorest borough , and the neighborhoods of the South Bronx and West Bronx , within a short distance from the home of the richest team in baseball , have some of the lowest per capita incomes in the city , along with every imaginable index of poverty .
As another recession looms , and with tax revenues from Wall Street falling , New York billionaire Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg has put all city agencies on notice to prepare for new rounds of budget cuts and fiscal austerity .
The city ’s transit authority , meanwhile , is preparing to raise bus and subway fares for the second year in a row ,
Just this week the city ’s Housing Authority revealed that a $ 195 million deficit for the current year could force the closing of community centers , senior centers and other programs upon which thousands depend .
The Housing Authority runs 343 public housing projects that are home to more than a half - million residents .
Average household income in these developments is about $ 22,000 .
The looming crisis threatens 94 community centers , 140 senior centers and 135 day care and Head Start programs .
The city ’s current priorities were graphically illustrated in a recent column by Jim Dwyer of the New York Times .
Dwyer points out that the city borrowed about $ 120 million 10 years ago to build new stadiums for the minor league affiliates of the Yankees and the Mets in the boroughs of Brooklyn and Staten Island .
This relatively modest sum — compared to the billions being spent on the major league ballparks — translates into debt repayments of $ 6 million a year .
With this annual interest payment to the banks , the city finances 12 weeks of baseball a year for two privately owned teams , which each play 38 home games at a cost to New York taxpayers of nearly $ 90,000 a game .
The amount being spent in interest for these two Class A team stadiums , meanwhile , is $ 2 million more than what the city spends year - round on sports equipment and uniforms for New York ’s 400,000 public high school students .
Even this sum — which amounts to barely $ 10 per student — faces reduction as the city seeks to impose $ 450 million in budget cuts on the schools .
There is a revolving door between the government officials who pay out these public subsidies and their corporate beneficiaries .
New York Yankees President Randy Levine , for instance , is a former deputy mayor under the administration of Rudy Giuliani .
When Bloomberg first took office six years ago , he briefly hesitated on carrying out Giuliani ’s plans for publicly funded stadiums , but quickly changed his tune .
Corporate welfare is a completely bipartisan policy .
The Yankee Stadium project is fully backed by Bronx Borough President Adolfo Carrion , Jr. and other local Democratic officials .
US gives ' major ' boost to covert ops in Iran : report
WASHINGTON , June 29 ( AFP ) Jun 29 , 2008
The United States gave a major boost to covert operations against Iran with Congress 's approval last year of President George W. Bush 's request for 400 million dollars , a US magazine reported Sunday .
The move reveals a " major escalation " in clandestine operations aimed at destabilizing the Islamic republic 's religious leadership amid concerns over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions , said the report in the New Yorker magazine citing former military , intelligence , and congressional sources .
Among the methods being used are increased US support for minority and dissident groups and intelligence gathering about Iran 's nuclear facilities , said the article , written and reported by Seymour Hersh .
Although such covert activities in Iran are not new on the part of the United States , the magazine said the " scale and the scope of the operations in Iran , which involve the Central Intelligence Agency and the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , have now been significantly expanded . "
The Congress approved Bush 's request for funding late last year , according to sources with knowledge of the top secret Presidential Finding , which by law must be issued when covert intelligence operations get underway .
The Presidential Finding is conveyed to a select group of Congressional leaders and their intelligence committees , otherwise known as the Gang of Eight , the report said .
" The Finding was focused on undermining Iran 's nuclear ambitions and trying to undermine the government through regime change , " and involved " working with opposition groups and passing money , " the report said , quoting an unnamed " person familiar with its contents . "
The report said some lawmakers were skeptical of the administration 's aims , and there was " a significant amount of high - level discussion " about the Finding before the funding was eventually approved .
The Bush administration 's request for funding came around the same time as the December 2007 release of the National Intelligence Estimate , which said the Iran halted nuclear weapons work in 2003 .
The NIE was downplayed by Bush and other officials who called for urgent action to counter the Iranian nuclear threat .
Washington suspects
Iran is secretly working to build an atomic weapons arsenal .
Iran insists its nuclear activities are for civilian energy purposes .
Ministers could avoid building nuclear reactors by encouraging families to fit solar panels and other renewable energy equipment to their homes , a startling official report concludes .
The government - backed report , to be published tomorrow , says that , with changed policies , the number of British homes producing their own clean energy could multiply to one million – about one in every three – within 12 years .
These would produce enough power to replace five large nuclear power stations , tellingly at about the same time as the first of the much - touted new generation of reactors is likely to come on stream .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And , it adds , by 2030 , such " microgeneration " would save the same amount of emissions of carbon dioxide – the main cause of global warming – as taking all Britain 's lorries and buses off the road .
The conclusions of the report – approved and partly financed by the Department of Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform ( DBERR ) – sharply contrast with initiatives hurriedly launched by Gordon Brown last week in reaction to the lorry drivers ' fuel - price protests .
In his most pro-nuclear announcement to date , the Prime Minister indicated that he wanted greatly to increase the number of atomic power stations to be built in Britain .
And he met oil executives in Scotland to urge them to pump more of the black gold from the North Sea 's fast - declining fields – even though his own energy minister , Malcolm Wicks , admitted that this would do nothing to reduce the price of fuel .
Even more embarrassingly for the embattled Mr Brown , the report closely mirrors policies announced by the Conservative Party six months ago to start " a decentralised energy revolution " by " enabling every small business , every local school , every local hospital , and every household in the country to generate electricity " .
Yesterday Peter Ainsworth , the shadow Environment Secretary , said : " We have found that there are huge economic , social and environmental gains to be made by doing this .
It is good that , at last , part of the Government seems belatedly to be coming to the same conclusion , and we can only hope that the Prime Minister can rise above his panic - stricken clutching at old technologies and grasp the opportunities microgeneration offers for clean and more secure energy supplies . "
The 130 - page report , due to be launched by Mr Wicks , has been produced by a consultancy , Element Energy , after a wide - ranging survey of public attitudes on installing household renewable energy systems .
It has been financed , and steered by , 14 official and other bodies including DBERR , the official Energy Savings Trust , five regional development agencies , British Gas , the Micropower Council and the Ashden Trust .
The department 's approval marks something of a revolution in itself , since its predecessor , the Department of Trade and Industry , was for decades hostile to renewable energy and microgeneration .
Its mandarins hated the thought of allowing millions of ordinary people to affect energy supplies by generating their own heat and power .
As a result , Britain is almost bottom of the European league for exploiting renewables – above only Luxembourg and Malta – despite having the best resources in the entire continent .
Though ministers claim their efforts have been " highly successful " in boosting these clean sources of energy , they now account for only about 4 per cent of electricity – compared , for example , with 14 per cent in Germany .
Ministers also boast that 100,000 British homes now have microgeneration , mainly solar thermal panels that heat water – but in Germany they adorn more than a million roofs .
Last year just 270 solar photovoltaic panels , which produce electricity , were put on Britain 's homes , compared with 130,000 in Germany .
At this rate , David Orr , chief executive of the National Housing Federation told MPs last month , it would take the UK 1,500 years to equal the number Germany has .
Britain 's only manufacturer of the panels , Sharp , calculates that less than a week of its year - round production actually gets installed in this country , with the rest exported to the continent .
The new report shows that , unlike in Germany , government incentives to householders fail to persuade them to invest in renewable energy .
It concludes that they are daunted by the high initial cost of buying and installing them and want to see returns within three years .
The Government gives grants to help with the initial costs , but these are too small and too restricted to be effective .
Indeed , ministers deliberately cut them back at the very point when they looked as if they were inspiring a rooftop revolution .
When first launched two years ago , the grants – which , for example offered up to £ 7,500 to install photovoltaic panels – were an instant hit .
Payments soared to £ 1.4 m in November 2006 alone , exceeding expectations more than four times over .
But instead of welcoming it , ministers determined to dampen down the soaring demand .
First they rationed payments to just £ 500,000 a month – with the result that , in February 2007 , this entire allocation was used up in just two hours .
When this was ridiculed , they suspended the scheme altogether , relaunching it with the grant for photovoltaic panels slashed by two - thirds , and the one for wind turbines cut in half .
Demand duly slumped .
For the past year , payments have been running at just £ 200,000 a month , far beneath the original target .
But in April ministers rejected pleas from environmentalists and the renewable energy industry to increase the grants .
Statistics to be released tomorrow will show that , partly as a result , only 18,000 new microgeneration installations have been completed over the past four years .
The new report instead suggests that Britain adopt the same approach as has been successful in Germany , which pays householders for feeding the electricity they produce from microgeneration into the national grid ; the rate of these " feed - in tariffs " for photovoltaic panels is especially generous , fuelling their rapid expansion .
At least 15 other European countries have also adopted them .
Last November , Gordon Brown appeared to back them , indicating that it should be " made easier for people to generate their own energy through microgeneration , and sell it on to the grid " .
But little has happened since , with ministers promising only to " look " at feed - in tariffs .
They failed to include them in the Government 's Energy Bill , sparking the biggest rebellion of Mr Brown 's premiership , when 33 Labour MPs last month defied the whips .
A staggering 278 MPs have now signed an early - day motion calling on the Government to adopt them .
Yet , last Wednesday , speaking for the Government in a House of Lords debate , Lord Jones , a junior DBERR minister , called feed - in tariffs " a regulatory nightmare and extremely expensive " .
He added : " If we were to change now we would destroy the consistency and stability that business craves and private sector investors need . "
The report also gives a fair wind to a proposal by the Micropower Council to set statutory targets for household renewables , to give the industry the certainty it needs to expand .
The confusion in Government over micropower echoes the chaos of its entire energy policy on display last week .
Ministers panicked at the fuel price protests , which blocked the A40 on Wednesday , just as they did seven years ago when larger protests paralysed the country .
Then Gordon Brown , as Chancellor , rapidly backed away from green taxes , despite having promised to put " the environment at the core of the Government 's objectives for the tax system " .
Last week he and his ministers were scrambling over themselves to react to the new protests , contradicting each other over whether they would perform U - turns over plans to raise fuel duty by 2 p , and increase road tax disproportionately on bigger cars .
The Prime Minister also increased his backing for nuclear power .
Previously he had only suggested that new reactors should be built to in place of old ones as they were closed down .
But on Wednesday he said he would be " more ambitious " , adding : " We are pretty clear that we will have to do more than simply replace existing nuclear capacity in Britain . "
The report offers a very different future , as do the Tories , who see microgeneration as central to their philosophy of redirecting power to individuals .
David Cameron sees " decentralised energy " as " a key part of our political vision , energy for the post - bureaucratic age " .
He believes microgeneration could make Britain , and individual communities , " self - sufficient in energy " .
Opinion
" There are huge economic , social and environmental gains to be made by doing this "
Peter Ainsworth , Shadow Environment Secretary
" We will have to do more than simply replace existing nuclear capability .
We will be more ambitious "
Gordon Brown , Prime Minister
" A large proportion of homes in the UK could be generating their own energy , saving tons of emissions "
Philip Sellwood , Chief executive , Energy Saving Trust
" We are not going to make any progress in the fight against climate change if we have to rely on piecemeal initiatives "
Steve Webb , Lib Dem environment spokesman
" Thirty - five per cent of our maximum demand for electricity should come from nuclear .
We have plenty of uranium "
Sir David King , Former chief scientific adviser
" This levelling of energy demand will make it possible for nuclear power to supply virtually all of our energy needs "
John Ritch Director general , World Nuclear Assoc
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
Computing Tanimoto scores , quickly
This is part 3 of an on - going series dealing with molecular fingerprints :
For now my driving example will be to print the Tanimoto values for each compound in a data set , in order .
I get to control where the data comes from and the format that it 's in , and I can precompute whatever I want about the target data set .
I deliberately do n't care about the identifiers , only the Tanimoto scores , so I can focus on the search algorithm .
In this essay I 'll focus on computing the Tanimoto between two fingerprints .
The next one will compute the Tanimoto between a single query fingerprint and a large number of targets .
Converting Babel's " fpt " format to " binary_fp " format
I 'll start by converting the hex fingerprints from the " fpt " file into a new binary file format , and I 'll assume that there are 1024 bits in the fingerprint .
This new format will be very simple .
Each fingerprint takes up 1024 / 8 = 128 bytes , and in the same order as the input file .
This is not a good format for general use .
I 'll talk about why later .
Because it 's a bad format , I 'm using an ugly and long extension to the filename .
Do n't use this format for real work !
I decided to use Python for this conversion rather than C because while my eventual goal is to do fast Tanimoto searches , this is a preprocessing step where the performance is not critical .
Plus , I usually do n't like parsing in C .
Parsing the " fpt " format turns out to be a bit of a pain , in almost the same way that parsing a FASTA file is a pain .
There only way to know you are done with one record is to read the first line of the next record , or get to the end of the file .
I read the header line ( which is different for the first record vs. the other records in the file ) and merge the hex lines into a single hex fingerprint string .
( Earlier I made it easier for myself by assuming I could read the entire file into memory , but because I 'm going to parse a large fingerprint file soon , I can't make that assumption now . )
After I have the fingerprint as a hex digits string I need to convert it into the raw byte values .
I thought this would be tedious until I remembered there 's a " hex " encoding in Python which does that for me , and which makes this step trivial .
>>> " Hello ! " .encode ( " hex " ) ' 48656c6c6f21 ' >>>
" 48656c6c6f21 " .decode ( " hex " ) ' Hello ! ' >>>
Here 's the conversion code , which I named " fpt_to_binary.py " for boringly obvious reasons .
# fpt_to_binary_fp.py # Convert from an OpenBabel " fpt " format with hex fingerprints ( use # - xf to generate the fingerprints ) into a binary fingerprint file .
# Fingerprints are written consecutively , with no title information or # separator between the fingerprints .
This is a very raw format and # should not be used for anything other then benchmarking and # bootstrapping into a better format .
# Parsing formats with no explict end - of - record marker is a nuisance .
def read_records ( infile ) : # Parse the header line for the first record , which looks like : # > Strychnine 183 bits set #
I 'm not splitting on the " " because the title might have a space .
# Using a regular expression proved a bit too cumbersome .
line = infile.readline ( ) assert line [ 0 ] == " > " # Turn " > Strychnine 183 bits set " into # [ " > Strychnine " , " 183 " , " bits " , " set " ] words = line.rsplit( None , 3 ) assert words [ - 2 :] == [ " bits " , " set " ] title = words [ 0 ] [ 1 : ] while 1 : hex_blocks = [ ] for line in infile : if line.startswith ( " Possible " ) : # " Possible superstructure " continue if line [ : 1 ] == " > " : break hex_blocks.append ( " ".join(line.split( ) ) ) else : # End of input yield title , " " .join ( hex_blocks ) break # " line " contains a title line for the next record yield title , " " .join( hex_blocks ) #
Parse the header line for the other records , which look like : # > cocaine Tanimoto from Strychnine = 0.353234 assert line [ 0 ] == " > " i = line.rindex ( " Tanimoto from " ) title = line [ 1:i].strip ( ) import sys , os input_filename = sys.argv [ 1 ] output_filename = os.path.splitext(input_filename ) [ 0 ] + " .binary_fp " infile = open( input_filename ) outfile = open( output_filename , " wb " ) for title , hexdata in read_records ( infile ) : # print repr( title ) outfile.write( hexdata.decode ( " hex " ) )
Does it work ?
I 'll convert the " drugs.fpt " file and compare its contents with the newly created " drugs.binary_fp " file .
% python fpt_to_binary_fp.py drugs.fpt % head drugs.fpt > Strychnine 183 bits set 00054062 81009600 00100102 81010700 200c0000 00202850 03102000 28000404 10200882 001849e4 483c0024 50039002 1402801a 01b90000 00020540 010c100a 22a4c000 82000300 2ac02018 00002201 60102120 183c9630 2100a080 81500019 00041401 80008c00 00484810 90001080 040c8202 0006081b 24020080 a2042610 >cocaine Tanimoto from Strychnine = 0.353234 00010000 01000800 00100100 00010700 000c0050 00204010 00000000 20000000 00000100 010008c0 00200000 50019000 % od -t xC drugs .
binary_fp | head 0000000 00 05 40 62 81 00 96 00 00 10 01 02 81 01 07 00 0000020 20 0c 00 00 00 20 28 50 03 10 20 00 28 00 04 04 0000040 10 20 08 82 00 18 49 e4 48 3c 00 24 50 03 90 02 0000060 14 02 80 1a 01 b9 00 00 00 02 05 40 01 0 c 10 0 a 0000100 22 a4 c0 00 82 00 03 00 2a c0 20 18 00 00 22 01 0000120 60 10 21 20 18 3c 96 30 21 00 a0 80 81 50 00 19 0000140 00 04 14 01 80 00 8c 00 00 48 48 10 90 00 10 80 0000160 04 0 c 82 02 00 06 08 1 b 24 02 00 80 a2 04 26 10 0000200 00 01 00 00 01 00 08 00 00 10 01 00 00 01 07 00 0000220 00 0c 00 50 00 20 40 10 00 00 00 00 20 00 00 00 %
Computing the popcount using only Python
The " od -t cH " displays the hex values for the bytes of the " drugs.binary_fp " file .
You can see that the output file is simply the input hex digits , expressed directly in binary .
( You might have to stare at it for a bit . )
So yes , it does work .
Onwards to computing the Tanimoto scores !
This will require computing the popcount of the intersection of two fingerprints .
Normal Python is really quite bad at that .
I could convert the 1024 bit /128 byte fingerprint into a Python integer ( like I did earlier ) .
Computing the bit intersection between two integers is easy with the '& ' operator , but finding the popcount is a bit complicated .
( See below for elaboration . )
I could keep everything as a byte string .
Finding the popcount of the fingerprint is the same as the sum of the popcount of each byte .
There are only 256 possible bytes , so that 's a small lookup table .
The problem is computing the bits in common to both fingerprints .
Python does n't support bit operations on characters , so I would have to convert the bytes to a number before doing the & .
This is completely doable , but there 's a somewhat better solution .
I can use the ' array ' module and create a byte array .
This is a seldom used Python module but it seems just the thing for this case .
>>> import array >>> array.array ( " b " , " This is a string " ) array ( 'b ' , [ 84 , 104 , 105 , 115 , 32 , 105 , 115 , 32 , 97 , 32 , 115 , 116 , 114 , 105 , 110 , 103 ] ) >>>
This converted the input string into an array of bytes , stored as integers .
To compute the total fingerprint popcount I 'll sum the popcount for each byte in the fingerprint .
I can get that by looking it up in a table of precomputed values for each possible byte .
To compute the number of bits in common between the two fingerprints I 'll compute the sum of the number of bits in common between the corresponding bytes in the fingerprints .
import array # Create a lookup table from byte value to ' on ' bit count # chr ( 0 ) has 0 ' on ' bits # chr ( 1 ) has 1 ' on ' bit # chr ( 2 ) has 1 ' on ' bit # chr ( 3 ) has 2 ' on ' bits # ... # chr ( 255 ) has 8 ' on ' bits popcount_in_byte = ( 0,1,1,2,1,2,2,3,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,1,2,2,3, 2, 3, 3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,5,6,6,7,6,7,7,8 , ) fp = array.array ( 'b ' , [ 84 , 104 , 105 , 115 , 32 , 105 , 115 , 32 , 97 , 32 , 115 , 116 , 114 , 105 , 110 , 103 ] ) print " popcount = " , sum( popcount_in_byte [ byte ] for byte in fp )
popcount = 57
>>>
" This is a string " . encode ( " hex " ) '54686973206973206120737472696e67 ' >>> int ( " This is a string " . encode ( " hex " ) , 16 ) 112197289293498629157862941796076187239L >>> x = int ( " This is a string " . encode ( " hex " ) , 16 ) >>> popcount = 0 >>> while x : ... if x & 1 : ... popcount += 1 ... x >>= 1 ... >>> popcount 57 >>>
Computing the Tanimoto using only Python
If you copy and past that into a Python terminal ( or save it and run it ) , you 'll get : which is the number of ' on ' bits in the string " This is a string " .
To verify that , here 's a completely different ( and slower ) method based on simple bit counting .
The two methods agree , so it 's very likely that the code works .
Although there could still be mistakes in the lookup table .
Now that I have a popcount it 's easy to compute the Tanimoto .
In the following program I 'll print the Tanimoto for every fingerprint in the specified binary_fp file , using the first fingerprint as the query fingerprint .
I 'll include computing the Tanimoto of the query fingerprint against itself .
# compute_tanimoto.py import sys import array # Create a lookup table from byte value to ' on ' bit count # chr ( 0 ) has 0 ' on ' bits # chr ( 1 ) has 1 ' on ' bit # chr ( 2 ) has 1 ' on ' bit # chr ( 3 ) has 2 ' on ' bits # ... # chr ( 255 ) has 8 ' on ' bits popcount_in_byte = ( 0,1,1,2,1,2,2,3,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,1,2,2,3, 2, 3, 3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,5,6,6,7,6,7,7,8 , ) def tanimoto ( query , target ) : a = b = c = 0 for query_byte , target_byte in zip ( query , target ) : a += popcount_in_byte[query_byte ] b += popcount_in_byte[target_byte ] c += popcount_in_byte[query_byte & target_byte ] #
I 'll define that if neither fingerprint has any # set bits ( so a == b == 0 ) then the Tanimoto is 0 .
# Otherwise the equation will try to compute 0/0 # and Python will throw an exception .
if not c : return 0 return float ( c ) / ( a+b - c ) if len( sys.argv ) > 1 : filename = sys.argv [ 1 ] else : filename = " drugs.binary_fp " #
Use the first fingerprint as the query infile = open ( filename , " rb " ) s = infile .
read( 1024//8 ) # 128 bytes in a fingerprint query = array.array ( " b " , s ) # Reopen and compute the Tanimoto against all fingerprints # including itself .
infile = open ( filename , " rb " ) while 1 : s = infile.read ( 1024//8 ) if not s : # End of file break target = array.array ( " b " , s ) print tanimoto ( query , target )
The output from this program on the previously created " drugs.binary_fp " file is :
% python compute_tanimoto.py drugs.binary_fp 1.0 0.353233830846 0.330316742081 0.401486988848 0.332046332046 0.303571428571 0.317406143345 0.22009569378 0.124444444444 0.1 %
Can I do this faster without writing C code ?
How do I verify those are correct ?
OpenBabel also computed the Tanimoto scores when it generated the " .fpt " file .
You can go back and compare ( as I did ) and see that they agree .
The only difference is that I 'm printing the results to double precision while OpenBabel prints them to single precision .
Since the denominator is at best 1024 , single precision is more than accurate enough .
In fact , double implies an accuracy that is n't warranted .
There are ways to make the popcount code go faster using standard Python or available 3rd party extensions .
I 'll review some of them but wo n't use them outside this section .
The standard Python distribution is not a good platform for doing fast Tanimoto calculations .
There is no builtin function for it and while I can build them they are all relatively slow .
That 's why I 'll shortly develop a C extension for doing this calculation .
Before doing that , just what other options exist ?
I could convert the 1024 bit /128 byte fingerprint into a Python integer .
The first problem is converting the raw fingerprint bytes into an integer .
I do n't know a direct way , but int ( s.encode ( " hex " ) , 16 ) works .
Computing the bit intersection is simple - just use " & " .
The problem is computing the popcount .
The simple popcount algorithm is to see if the number has the 1 bit set , then the 2 bit , then the 4 bit , ...
# This computes about 14,000 popcounts per second all_bits = [ 1 < < bitno for bitno in range ( 1024 ) ] def popcount_ 1024 ( x ) : n = 0 for bit in all_bits : if x & bit : n += 1 return n
# Compute the popcount of a Python long , up to 1024 bits .
# My MacBook
Pro only does about 47,000 per second . m 1 = int ( " 0 x " + " 5 " * ( 1024//4 ) , 16 ) m2 = int ( " 0 x " + " 3 " * ( 1024//4 ) , 16 ) m3 = int ( " 0 x " + " 0 f " * ( 1024//8 ) , 16 ) m4 = int ( " 0 x " + " 00 ff " * ( 1024//16 ) , 16 ) m5 = int ( " 0 x " + " 0000 ffff " * ( 1024//32 ) , 16 ) m6 = int ( " 0 x " + ( " 0 " * 8 + " f " * 8 ) * ( 1024//64 ) , 16 ) m7 = int ( " 0 x " + ( " 0 " * 16 + " f " * 16 ) * ( 1024//128 ) , 16 ) m8 = int ( " 0 x " + ( " 0 " * 32 + " f " * 32 ) * ( 1024//256 ) , 16 ) m9 = int ( " 0 x " + ( " 0 " * 64 + " f " * 64 ) * ( 1024//512 ) , 16 ) m 10 = int ( " 0 x " + ( " 0 " * 128 + " f " * 128 ) , 16 ) def popcount_ 1024 ( x ) : x = ( x & m1 ) + ( ( x >> 1 ) & m1 ) x = ( x & m2 ) + ( ( x >> 2 ) & m2 ) x = ( x & m3 ) + ( ( x >>
4 ) & m3 ) x = ( x & m 4 ) + ( ( x >> 8 ) & m4 ) x = ( x & m5 ) + ( ( x >> 16 ) & m5 ) x = ( x & m6 ) + ( ( x >> 32 ) & m6 ) x = ( x & m7 ) + ( ( x >> 64 ) & m7 ) x = ( x & m8 ) + ( ( x >> 128 ) & m8 ) x = ( x & m9 ) + ( ( x >> 256 ) & m9 ) x = ( x & m 10 ) + ( ( x >> 512 ) & m10 ) return x
That 's really quite slow .
I could use a clever bit-manipulation algorithm to calculate it , which I extended from the Wikipedia article on Hamming weight .
Here it is :
By being more clever I could make this a bit faster , but I 'm not even going to try .
During proofreading I remembered another way to make the popcount of the and - ed fingerprints be faster - I could use 16 bit integers for everything and look up the popcounts in a 16 bit lookup table .
But this does n't work that well because Python does n't have a 16 bit array type .
You would have to use one of the Numpy / numeric / numarray arrays .
Another way to compute the popcount of an integer is to use Scott David Daniels ' ' bits ' module .
It 's a C extension and is quite fast .
I used it a couple of years ago when I was doing some experiments with fingerprint searches .
If you 're going to use a third - party C extension then you might instead consider using GMPY .
It 's based on the GNU Multiple Precision Library and includes a popcount function .
Digging in the source code I see that the popcount function is implemented in hand - crafted assembly for different platforms .
Yet another possibility for computing the popcount of a fingerprint is to convert the integer into hex string , or generate a binary pickle string , and work with the resulting string using the same lookup table approach I did earlier .
This has the advantage of working with any length Python integer , but has a lot of overhead .
# Compute the popcount of a Python long #
For 1024 bit fingerprints my MacBook Pro does about # 24,000 per second .
popcount_lookup_table = {} for i , n in enumerate ( ( 0,1,1,2,1,2,2,3,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,5,6,6,7,6,7,7,8 , ) ) : popcount_lookup_table [chr( i ) ] = n # " pickle " does 15,000 / second # " cPickle " does 24,000 / second import cPickle as pickle def popcount( x ) : s = pickle .dumps( x , 2 ) [ 4 : - 1 ] L = popcount_lookup_table return sum ( L[ c ] for c in s )
Or I could stick with the raw byte string .
The hard part there was computing the number of bits in common between two characters .
The easiest solution is to convert the characters into integers , do the bitwise - and , and convert back to a character , but that 's a lot of Python function calls for something that 's a single assembly instruction .
I could perhaps lookup table , where the key in the table is ( query_byte , target_byte ) and the value is the number of bits in common .
I do n't like that solution .
For one , it requires 256*256=65,536 entries .
Computing the Tanimoto in C , using GCC extensions
Computing the Tanimoto score is much easier in C , and even easier with gcc because the latter includes a built - in function for computing the popcount of an integer , a long , and a long long .
I 'll use gcc for now so I do n't need to define a popcount just yet .
( I 'll do that in the next section . )
In the following I assume that integers are 32 bits in length , so there are 32 integer parts to a 1024 bit fingerprint .
I 'll write each unsigned integer in hex , so the number starts with " 0 x " ( to mean " hex " ) and ends with " u " ( to mean " unsigned " ) .
/* simple_tanimoto.c */ #include < stdio.h > /*
This uses a non-portable builtin function for gcc */ # define popcount ( x ) __builtin_popcount(x ) unsigned int query [ ] = { /* > Strychnine 183 bits set */ 0x00054062u , 0x81009600u , 0x00100102u , 0x81010700u , 0x200c0000u , 0x00202850u , 0x03102000u , 0x28000404u , 0x10200882u , 0x001849e4u , 0x483c0024u , 0x50039002u , 0x1402801au , 0x01b90000u , 0x00020540u , 0x010c100au , 0x22a4c000u , 0x82000300u , 0x2ac02018u , 0x00002201u , 0x60102120u , 0x183c9630u , 0x2100a080u , 0x81500019u , 0x00041401u , 0x80008c00u , 0x00484810u , 0x90001080u , 0x040c8202u , 0x0006081bu , 0x24020080u , 0xa2042610u} ; unsigned int target [ ] = { /* > cocaine Tanimoto from Strychnine = 0.353234 */ 0x00010000u , 0x01000800u , 0x00100100u , 0x00010700u , 0x000c0050u , 0x00204010u , 0x00000000u , 0x20000000u , 0x00000100u , 0x010008c0u , 0x00200000u , 0x50019000u , 0x1c00801au , 0x01890000u , 0x00000000u , 0x02081008u , 0x00a20000u , 0x02000000u , 0x01c02010u , 0x00000201u , 0x00000020u , 0x18020a30u , 0x01000080u , 0x00500014u , 0x00001401u , 0x80002000u , 0x00088000u , 0x10001000u , 0x00000200u , 0x0006000eu , 0xc0020000u , 0x02002200 u} ; int main ( void ) { int A=0 , B=0 , c=0 ; int i ; for ( i=0 ; i< 32 ; i++) { /*printf ( " %lx %lx
" , fp1 [ i ] , fp2 [ i ] ) ;*/ A += popcount ( query [ i ] ) ; B += popcount ( target [ i ] ) ; c += popcount ( query [ i] &target [ i ] ) ; } /* Should print " 183 89 71 -> 0.353234 " */ printf ( " %d %d %d -> %f
" , A , B , c , ( ( double ) c ) / ( A+ B- c ) ) ; }
% cc simple_tanimoto.c - O3 -o simple_tanimoto % ./simple_tanimoto 183 89 71 -> 0.353234 %
I 'll compile and run it : so you can see that it gave the same Tanimoto score that OpenBabel computed .
To me this bit of C is much easier to understand than the same Python code .
Part of the reason is that I 'm using the __builtin_popcount of gcc but the real reason is that in C things like byte arrays , integer arrays , and the bytes and bits in an integer are very fluid .
It 's very easy to go from one form to another .
Even if I have to implement the bitcount myself , with the following bit of code , I can compute over 1 million Tanimoto similarities per second .
which is more than 20 times faster than my fastest Python code .
Note though that this computing score between the same pair .
Computing Tanimoto scores for a large number of targets will be slower because bringing that data to the CPU takes additional time , but then there are other way to make the performance be better .
I 'll talk about this in a bit .
Computing the Tanimoto in C , without GCC extensions
Here 's the equivalent C code using an 8 - bit lookup table to compute the popcount for a 32 bit integer .
/* simple_tanimoto2.c */ #include < stdio.h > /* Implement popcount ( unsigned int ) myself .
*/ /*
Source based on http://popcnt.org/2007/09/magic-popcount-popcnt-command.html */ const int _popcount_counts [ ] = { 0,1,1,2,1,2,2,3,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,1,2,2,3, 2, 3, 3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,5,6,6,7,6,7,7,8 , } ; /* This assumes that ' unsigned int ' is 32 bits */ int popcount ( unsigned int x ) { return ( _popcount_counts[ x & 0xff ] + _popcount_counts[x >> 8 & 0xff ] + _popcount_counts[x >> 16 & 0xff ] + _popcount_counts[x >> 24 & 0xff ] ) ; } unsigned int query [ ] = { /* Strychnine 183 bits set */ 0x00054062u , 0x81009600u , 0x00100102u , 0x81010700u , 0x200c0000u , 0x00202850u , 0x03102000u , 0x28000404u , 0x10200882u , 0x001849e4u , 0x483c0024u , 0x50039002u , 0x1402801au , 0x01b90000u , 0x00020540u , 0x010c100au , 0x22a4c000u , 0x82000300u , 0x2ac02018u , 0x00002201u , 0x60102120u , 0x183c9630u , 0x2100a080u , 0x81500019u , 0x00041401u , 0x80008c00u , 0x00484810u , 0x90001080u , 0x040c8202u , 0x0006081bu , 0x24020080u , 0xa2042610u} ; unsigned int target [ ] = { /* cocaine Tanimoto from Strychnine = 0.353234 */ 0x00010000u , 0x01000800u , 0x00100100u , 0x00010700u , 0x000c0050u , 0x00204010u , 0x00000000u , 0x20000000u , 0x00000100u , 0x010008c0u , 0x00200000u , 0x50019000u , 0x1c00801au , 0x01890000u , 0x00000000u , 0x02081008u , 0x00a20000u , 0x02000000u , 0x01c02010u , 0x00000201u , 0x00000020u , 0x18020a30u , 0x01000080u , 0x00500014u , 0x00001401u , 0x80002000u , 0x00088000u , 0x10001000u , 0x00000200u , 0x0006000eu , 0xc0020000u , 0x02002200 u} ; int main ( void ) { int A=0 , B=0 , c=0 ; int i ; for ( i=0 ; i< sizeof ( query ) / sizeof ( unsigned int ) ; i++) { /*printf ( " %lx %lx
" , fp1 [ i ] , fp2 [ i ] ) ;*/ A += popcount ( query [ i ] ) ; B += popcount ( target [ i ] ) ; c += popcount ( query [ i] &target [ i ] ) ; } /* Should print " 183 89 71 -> 0.353234 " */ printf ( " %d %d %d -> %f
" , A , B , c , ( ( double ) c ) / ( A+ B- c ) ) ; }
Computing the pairwise Tanimoto in C is fast .
I put the Tanimoto calculation in a loop and calculated it 100,000,000 times , which took 42 seconds .
The last time I looked , PubChem contained 19,218,991 compounds .
Assuming everything was available in fast memory then I should be able to search it in 8 seconds using a C program , or about 7 minutes using Python .
Which would you prefer ?
This is interesting .
Doing the popcount using a lookup table took 43 seconds .
Using __builtin_popcount took 109 seconds .
I was not expecting that .
Computing the Tanimoto in Python via a C extension
I prefer the speed of C but the general ease of programming using Python .
( That 's a sort of " have my cake and eat it too " answer . )
Using Python for Tanimoto searches is slow in part because there is no fast way to compute the popcount .
I can fix that by writing a Python extension using C. Rather than add only the popcount I 'll have the extension compute the entire Tanimoto between two fingerprints .
The easiest way to pass fingerprints around in Python is as string , and more specifically a byte string .
( As compared to a Unicode string . )
I want my Python code to work like :
import tanimoto query = " ... 128 bytes ... " target = " ... 128 bytes ... " print " Tanimoto score is " , tanimoto.similarity ( query , target )
There are many ways to do this .
Some ways I 'm not going to use now are : writing C extension directly , or using Boost Python SWIG or Pyrex and its offshoot Cython .
Instead , I 'll use ctypes
Ctypes is a " foreign function interface " ( " FFI " ) package for Python .
It lets Python load a shared library and call C functions directly .
You still have to write some interface code to tell ctypes how to call the function , and perhaps write some extra error checking code , but not much .
I find ctypes to be the easiest way to get Python to talk to C code , but there are a few downsides .
Calling a function through ctypes has a bit more overhead ( it 's a bit slower ) than using a special - purpose compiled interface like the other solutions use .
It 's also very easy to crash Python using ctypes .
But the advantage is that I can write C code without worrying about writing the Python / C interface in C .
I do have to worry , but I 'll worry about it from Python .
Here 's a simple C library to compute the Tanimoto similarity between two fingerprints as stored in unsigned byte strings .
/* libtanimoto.c */ static const int _popcount_counts [ ] = { 0,1,1,2,1,2,2,3,1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,1,2,2,3, 2, 3, 3,4,2,3,3,4,3,4,4,5 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 1,2,2,3,2,3, 3,4,
2, 3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 1,2,2,3,2,3,3,4,2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,2,
3, 3,4, 3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 2,3, 3,4,3,4,4,5,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7 , 3,4,4,5,4,5,5,6,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,4,5,5,6,5,6,6,7,5,6,6,7,6,7,7,8 , } ; double similarity ( int num_bytes , unsigned char * query , unsigned char * target ) { int a=0 , b=0 , c=0 , i ; for ( i=0 ; i<num_bytes ; i++ ) { a += _popcount_counts [ query [i ] ] ; b += _popcount_counts[ target[i ] ] ; c += _popcount_counts [ query [ i] &target[i ] ] ; } return ( ( double ) c ) / ( a+b- c ) ; }
Very simple , yes ?
Next , I need to compile it .
Again there are many possible solutions .
I 'll use SCons which one of several replacements for make .
Instead of using a " Makefile " it uses a configuration file named " SConstruct " .
The configuration language is Python , extended with functions that know how to build binaries , shared libraries , and other targets .
This is very nice because building shared libraries across multiple platforms is a nasty mess and I do n't want to do it myself .
Here 's my ' SConstruct ' file :
# SConstruct SharedLibrary ( " libtanimoto " , [ " libtanimoto.c " ] , CFLAGS = " - O3 " )
% scons scons : Reading SConscript files ... scons : done reading SConscript files .
scons : Building targets ... gcc -o libtanimoto.os -c - O3 - fPIC libtanimoto.c gcc -o libtanimoto.dylib - dynamiclib libtanimoto.os scons : done building targets .
Using ctypes to access the shared library
I compiled it using the " scons " command :
The result is a " libtanimoto.dylib " , which is what Macs use as a run-time loadable shared library .
Linux and other Unix OSes use the extension " .so " and MS Windows uses " .dll " .
To load the function in ctypes I first load the shared library ( remember , the extension depends on which OS you are using - ' find_library ' handles that detail ) then get the function from the module .
I then have to annotate the function so ctypes knows how to convert the Python call arguments to the right C types and how to convert the C result into Python .
Here 's an example of me doing that by hand , with a fingerprint of 4 bytes :
>>> import ctypes , ctypes.util >>> libtanimoto = ctypes.CDLL(ctypes.util.find_library(" tanimoto " ) ) >>> libtanimoto.similarity < _ FuncPtr object at 0x88c00 > >>> libtanimoto.similarity.argtypes = [ ctypes.c_int , ctypes.c_char_p , ctypes.c_char_p ] >>> libtanimoto.similarity.restype = ctypes.c_double >>> libtanimoto.similarity ( 4 , " \0\0\0\0 " , " \0\0\0\0 " ) nan >>> libtanimoto.similarity ( 4 , " \0\0\0\0 " , " \0\0\0\1 " ) 0.0 >>> libtanimoto.similarity ( 4 , " \0\0\0\1 " , " \0\0\0\1 " ) 1.0 >>> libtanimoto.similarity ( 4 , " \0\0\0\1 " , " \0\0\0\3 " ) 0.5 >>>
Making a simplified interface
If I know the number of bytes in the fingerprint then I can call this interface directly .
Most people would prefer a simpler solution and not have to worry about passing in the length every time .
After all , Python strings already know their length .
What I 'll do is create a new Python module in the file " tanimoto.py " .
This will load the shared library and do the ctypes annotation .
Once done I 'll define a " high - level " function also called " similarity " which gets the fingerprint lengths , checks that they are the same , and calls the underlying C similarity implementation .
# tanimoto .py - wrapper to the libtanimoto shared library import ctypes , ctypes.util # Load the shared library ( the extension depends on the OS type ) libtanimoto = ctypes.CDLL(ctypes.util.find_library ( " tanimoto " ) )
#
Annotate the function call argument and result types _similarity = libtanimoto.
similarity _similarity.argtypes = [ ctypes.c_int , ctypes.c_char_p , ctypes.c_char_p ] _similarity .
restype = ctypes.c_double #
Define the high - level public interface as a Python function def similarity ( query , target ) : n = len( query ) m = len( target ) if n != m : raise AssertionError ( " fingerprints must be the same length " ) return _similarity ( n , query , target )
In action :
>>> import tanimoto >>> tanimoto.similarity ( " Andrew " , " andrew " ) 0.95999997854232788 >>> tanimoto.similarity ( " Andrew " , " ANDREW " ) 0.79166668653488159 >>> tanimoto.similarity ( " Andrew " , " 123456 " ) 0.40625 >>> tanimoto.similarity ( " Andrew " , " 13456 " ) Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
File " tanimoto.py " , line 23 , in similarity m = len( target ) AssertionError : fingerprints must be the same length >>>
>>> s1 = " " . join ( " " " ...
00054062 81009600 00100102 81010700 200c0000 00202850 ...
03102000 28000404 10200882 001849e4 483c0024 50039002 ...
1402801a 01b90000 00020540 010c100a 22a4c000 82000300 ...
2ac02018 00002201 60102120 183c9630 2100a080 81500019 ...
00041401 80008c00 00484810 90001080 040c8202 0006081b ... 24020080 a2042610 ... " " " .split ( ) ) .
decode ( " hex " ) >>> s2 = " " . join ( " " " ...
00010000 01000800 00100100 00010700 000c0050 00204010 ...
00000000 20000000 00000100 010008c0 00200000 50019000 ...
1c00801a 01890000 00000000 02081008 00a20000 02000000 ...
01c02010 00000201 00000020 18020a30 01000080 00500014 ...
00001401 80002000 00088000 10001000 00000200 0006000e ... c0020000 02002200 ... " " " .split ( ) ) .
decode ( " hex " ) >>> >>> import tanimoto >>> tanimoto.similarity ( s1 , s2 ) 0.35323384404182434 >>>
Looks good .
But does it give the right answer ?
I 'll give it a test case where we know the right answer and we 'll see what it says : Sweet !
The right answer !
Though we 're display it to double precision while OpenBabel only reports to float precision .
That 's fine - there 's only 1024 bits so the resolution of the answer can't be better than 1/1024 .
The high - level Python wrapper interface is easier to use than calling the C interface exposed by ctypes .
This will usually be the case .
C and Python have different world views .
C libaries tend to optimize towards performance and require that programmers think more about all the details , while Python libraries tend be safer and easier to use , but slower .
I 'm hoping to show that it 's possible to get both by mixing the two together .
Performance timings for the C extension
I also did some performance timings .
The public high - level interface can compute Tanimoto scores about 340,000 fingerprints ( of 1024 bits each ) per second .
That 's about 15 % the speed of the native C code but about 7 times faster than my pure Python solution .
Remember , the high - level interface does extra work and then calls the low - level ctypes function .
If I remove that extra work then I can do about 440,000 calculations per second .
Here 's how I got those numbers :
# Time the tanimoto. similarity function calls import tanimoto import time def go ( n ) : range_n = range ( n ) s = " \1 " *128 similarity = tanimoto.similarity t1 = time . time ( ) for i in range_n : similarity (s , s ) t2 = time .
time ( ) print " Using public interface " , float ( n ) / ( t2 - t1 ) , " calls/sec " _similarity = tanimoto._similarity t1 = time . time ( ) for i in range_n : _similarity ( 128 , s , s ) t2 = time .
time ( ) print " Using ctypes interface " , float ( n ) / ( t2 - t1 ) , " calls/sec "
>>> go( 100000 ) Using public interface 341912.926942 calls/sec
Using ctypes interface 446837.633061 calls/sec >>> go( 1000000 ) Using public interface 340170.861425 calls/sec
Using ctypes interface 443564.430149 calls/sec >>>
double similarity ( int num_bytes , unsigned char * query , unsigned char * target ) { int and_count=0 , or_count=0 , i ; for ( i=0 ; i<num_bytes ; i++ ) { or_count += _popcount_counts [ query [ i ] | target [ i ] ] ; and_count += _popcount_counts [ query [ i ] & target [ i ] ] ; } return ( ( double) and_count ) / or_count ; }
One nice thing about having a benchmark in - place is I can test alternate implementations and see if I get better performance .
My Tanimoto calculation uses fingerprint bit counts ' a ' , ' b ' , and ' c ' , based on the Daylight usage .
This has general applicability because other similarity measures can be described as a function of those variables .
The Tanimoto calculation has a simpler form , which is the number of on bits in the bitwise - and of the two fingerprints divided by the number of on bits in their bitwise - or .
It 's is succienctly written as : Doing a bitwise - or is faster than doing another popcount .
My benchmark became about 1 % to 2 % faster with this variation .
That 's almost in the noise , but useful to note if you want to eek out a bit more performance .
Comments ?
Andrew Dalke is an independent consultant focusing on software development for computational chemistry and biology .
Need contract programming , help , or training ?
Contact me
Here 's what Rush Limbaugh said about the the prospect of an Obama / Clinton or Clinton / Obama ticket " ... [ Y] ou 've got a woman and a black for the first time ever on the Democrat ticket .
Hehe .
They do n't have a prayer . "
I have two particular words in mind for him , but I wo n't use them .
Instead , I 'll respond this way :
I think it 's deplorable and sad that in 2008 , we still have notions of second class citizenship for anyone who is n't a white , protestant male .
( For the record : I have nothing againt white , protestant males . )
As ridiculous as Limbaugh 's comments seem , it is actually pretty widely held .
This is an unscientific sample , but I 'd guess that between 55 % to 60 % of people I 've talk to about the subject say that there has to be a white male on the ticket to balance it .
I initially believed the same thing .
No more .
Do n't get me wrong , I have my own issues with Clinton .
But , its not because of her gender ; its her positions on the issues .
Plus , this canister labeled " 35 years of experience " has yet to be filled in .
Her campaign tactics as of late have further divided the party .
But , I have no doubt that a Obama / Clinton , or a Clinton / Obama ticket would win .
Either one would be a capable President .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , May 2 , 2008
President Bush last week signed into law a bill which will see the federal government begin to screen the DNA of all newborn babies in the U.S. within six months , a move critics have described as the first step towards the establishment of a national DNA database .
Described as a " national contingency plan " the justification for the new law S. 1858 , known as The Newborn Screening Saves Lives
Act of 2007 , is that it represents preparation for any sort of " public health emergency . "
The bill states that the federal government should " continue to carry out , coordinate , and expand research in newborn screening " and " maintain a central clearinghouse of current information on newborn screening … ensuring that the clearinghouse is available on the Internet and is updated at least quarterly " .
Sections of the bill also make it clear that DNA may be used in genetic experiments and tests .
Read the full bill here .
One health care expert and prominent critic of DNA screening is Twila Brase , president of the Citizens ’ Council on Health Care who has written a detailed analysis ( PDF ) of the new law in which she warns that it represents the first program of populationwide genetic testing .
Brase states that S.1858 and H.R. 3825 , the House version of the bill , will :
• Establish a national list of genetic conditions for which newborns and children are to be tested .
• Establish protocols for the linking and sharing of genetic test results nationwide .
•
Build surveillance systems for tracking the health status and health outcomes of individuals diagnosed at birth with a genetic defect or trait .
•
Use the newborn screening program as an opportunity for government agencies to identify , list , and study " secondary conditions " of individuals and their families .
• Subject citizens to genetic research without their knowledge or consent .
" Soon , under this bill , the DNA of all citizens will be housed in government genomic biobanks and considered governmental property for government research , " Brase writes .
" The DNA taken at birth from every citizen is essentially owned by the government , and every citizen becomes a potential subject of government - sponsored genetic research . "
" The public is clueless .
S. 1858 imposes a federal agenda of DNA databanking and population - wide genetic research .
It does not require consent and there are no requirements to fully inform parents about the warehousing of their child ’s DNA for the purpose of genetic research . "
In a previous report we outlined the consequences of the already existing DNA warehousing operation in Minnesota , a program that the Citizens ’ Council on Health Care has been following closely for a number of years .
Ms. Brase explained in a statement last month that state Health Department officials are now seeking exemption for the so called " DNA Warehouse " from Minnesota privacy law .
This would enable state officials to continue to take the DNA of newborn infants without consent , which would also set the precedent for nationwide policy on DNA screening .
DNA of newborns has already been harvested , tested , stored and experimented with nationwide .
The National Conference of State Legislatures lists for all 50 states , as well as the District of Columbia , the various statutes or regulatory provisions under which newborns ’
DNA is already being collected .
In addition , all 50 states are now routinely providing these results to the Department of Homeland Security .
The Newborn Screening Saves Lives
Act of 2007 merely establishes this practice within the law .
Another vocal critic of bill S. 1858 is Texas Congressman Ron Paul who made the following comments before the U.S. House of Representatives :
" I cannot support legislation , no matter how much I sympathize with the legislation ’s stated goals , that exceed the Constitutional limitations on federal power or in any way threatens the liberty of the American people .
Since S. 1858 violates the Constitution , and may have untended consequences that will weaken the American health care system and further erode medical privacy , I must oppose it . "
Paul , a medical doctor himself continued , " S. 1858 gives the federal bureaucracy the authority to develop a model newborn screening program .
Madame Speaker the federal government lacks both the constitutional authority and the competence to develop a newborn screening program adequate for a nation as large and diverse as the United States . … "
" Those of us in the medical profession should be particularly concerned about policies allowing government officials and state - favored interests to access our medical records without our consent …
My review of S. 1858 indicates the drafters of the legislation made no effort to ensure these newborn screening programs do not violate the privacy rights of parents and children , " Paul continued .
" In fact , by directing federal bureaucrats to create a contingency plan for newborn screening in the event of a ‘ public health ’ disaster , this bill may lead to further erosions of medical privacy .
As recent history so eloquently illustrates , politicians are more than willing to take , and people are more than willing to cede , liberty during times of ’ emergency , " he concluded .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
There ’s something that makes us want to gawk at car accidents , and the web is rich with choice .
Here ’s our top 20 car accident videos on YouTube .
20 : Bus Rollover
19 : Wedding Truck Crash
18 : Multi-Car Pileup in French tunnel
16 : Tunnel Crash ( not for the faint of heart )
[ ad#ad - 2 ]
15 : Multi-Car Crash Snow Slide on Ice
13 : Slippery Corner
12 : Police Car Crash
11 : Cherry Picker Accident
[ ad#ad - 2 ]
9 : Crazy Multi-car Crash
8. Vintage Highway Pileup
5 : Truck 1 Car 0
3 : Live Car Crash
2 : Police are Mad
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Taking antioxidants like vitamins A and E to prolong life may actually have the opposite effect , new research has found .
Taking vitamin supplements in large quanities may actually prove detrimental to your health .
A review of 67 studies involving more than 230,000 people found " no convincing evidence " that the vitamins prolonged life , the Press Association reported .
" Even more , beta - carotene , vitamin A , and vitamin E seem to increase mortality , " according to the researchers .
However , other health specialists said the research was " flawed " and the supplements were safe to take .
The review , published by The Cochrane Collaboration , involved trials on beta - carotene , vitamin A , vitamin C , vitamin E , and selenium .
The experts said the studies involved different doses of each antioxidant .
A total of 232,550 people were involved .
Forty - seven trials included 180,938 people and had a low risk of bias .
In these trials with a low risk of bias , the " antioxidant supplements significantly increased mortality " , the report 's authors wrote .
When the different antioxidants were assessed separately and low risk of bias trials were included and selenium excluded , vitamin A was linked to a 16 % increased risk of dying , beta - carotene to a seven percent increased risk and vitamin E to a four percent increased risk .
However , there was no significant detrimental effect caused by vitamin C , the authors said .
" We found no evidence to support antioxidant supplements for primary or secondary prevention , " they added .
" Beta - carotene , vitamin A and vitamin E given singly or combined with other antioxidant supplements significantly increase mortality . "
There was no evidence vitamin C increased longevity .
" Selenium tended to reduce mortality but only when high - bias risk trials were considered .
Accordingly , we need more research on vitamin C and selenium . "
Goran Bjelakovic , a visiting researcher who carried out the review at Copenhagen University Hospital in Denmark , told the Press Association : " We could find no evidence to support taking antioxidant supplements to reduce the risk of dying earlier in healthy people or patients with various diseases .
" The findings of our review show that if anything , people in trial groups given the antioxidants beta- carotene , vitamin A , and vitamin E showed increased rates of mortality . "
Patrick Holford , a nutritionist who has formulated some supplements for the firm Biocare , told the Press Association that the Cochrane review was a " stitch up . "
" Antioxidants are not meant to be magic bullets and should not be expected to undo a lifetime of unhealthy habits , " Holford said .
" But when used properly , in combination with eating a healthy diet full of fruit and vegetables , getting plenty of exercise and not smoking , antioxidant supplements can play an important role in maintaining and promoting overall health . "
Dr Michele Sadler , of the Health Food Manufacturers ' Association , said the analysis was " flawed . "
" Healthy consumers can still feel confident that they can safely take their antioxidant supplements . "
All About Vitamins and Supplements • Alternative Health Care • Health and Fitness
Spook Country
William Gibson ( previously discussed here ) gave an interview to the science fiction site io9 recently in which he discussed the politics of his latest book ,
One comment in particular caught my eye .
Asked about Canada , his adopted home since fleeing the US to escape the draft , he said :
Canada is set up to run on steady immigration .
It feels like a twenty first century country to me because it ’s not interested in power .
It negotiates and does business .
It gets along with other countries .
The power part is very nineteenth century .
99 percent of ideology we have today is very nineteenth century .
The twentieth century was about technology , and the nineteenth was ideology .
This got me thinking about Japan ’s “ normal nation - ists . ”
While Gibson ’s characterization is a bit too simple — ideology obviously “ bled ” into the twentieth century , technology had as transformative an impact on the nineteenth as the twentieth — a “ normal ” nation in the late twentieth / early twenty - first centuries is not the same as a normal nation in the late nineteenth / early twentieth centuries .
A normal nation in the late nineteenth century , the salad days of the nation - state , was obsessed with national power , constantly looking to enhance its own power and sizing itself up against other nation - states .
It shaped its domestic institutions to enable it to draw on the wealth and bodies of its citizens to build up a modern army and navy and conquered weaker nations for reasons of wealth and honor ( and to compete with others , of course ) .
War was the great proving ground of the nation .
As Theodore Roosevelt wrote in The Strenuous Life , “ If we stand idly by , if we seek merely swollen , slothful ease and ignoble peace , if we shrink from the hard contests where men must win at hazard of their lives and at the risk of all they hold dear , then the bolder and stronger peoples will pass us by , and will win for themselves the domination of the world . ”
In their thinking about war and Japanese society in the twenty - first century , Japan ’s conservatives — the “ normal nation - ists ” — still see the world through these eyes .
To be a normal nation is to compete with other nations , to not “ shrink from the hard contests . ”
This is why so many of them want , as Abe Shinzo said , to leave the postwar system behind .
In their eyes the postwar system is abnormal , as it led Japan to opt out of the contest for power .
It weakened the resolve of the Japanese people for competition internationally .
( At least military competition , the only competition that matters ; to be a merchant nation , to exert power through money is ignoble , hence the shame of so many Japanese over the country ’s response to the Gulf crisis in 1990 . )
Japan as it exists today is a normal nation .
It is peaceful , has abstained from intervention in the internal politics of other countries , and is non-nuclear .
It is a signatory to major international treaties and an enthusiastic participant in international regimes .
This is normal behavior for a country in the twenty - first century .
Japanese , like Europeans , are from Venus ( in Robert Kagan ’s formulation ) , but Venusian behavior is increasingly normal , even in East Asia , which , despite the persistence of dangerous flashpoints and despite the stirrings of an arms race , is still remarkably peaceful .
Accordingly , the program pushed by the conservatives is the road of an abnormal nation .
Perhaps because they take the United States as their model , they assume that US behavior is normal .
It is n’t .
( MTC implies this in this post . )
Martial America is almost unique in its adherence to nineteenth - century norms of behavior .
American power has played a positive role in supporting international order — there is no denying that .
But the motive power behind it is straight out of the nineteenth century , leading to abnormal behavior like the invasion of Iraq .
( That the US launched the invasion despite the opposition of much of the world would suggest that the war was “ abnormal , ” i.e. in contravention to a prevailing norm against aggressive , preventive war . )
So it is a misnomer to describe the revisionist advocates of a more robust Japan free of constraints on the use of force as advocates of a normal nation .
Prime Minister Fukuda ’s emphasis on , in MTC ’s words , “ contributing to world security through leadership on disease control , global warming , combatting poverty ” looks increasingly like the foreign policy of a normal nation in the twenty - first century .
It is also a mistake to describe them as nationalists .
Nationalism need not be associated with military power , although nineteenth - century nationalism is .
Why ca n’t a twenty - first century nation be proud of more pacific achievements , whether domestic ( a society with a low crime rate or high literacy ) or international ( a commitment to creating a more peaceful , orderly world ) ?
The revisionists do not have a monopoly on pride in their country .
Defenders of Japan ’s postwar system have plenty of which to be proud .
Please read this statement regarding our site .
If you have questions please ask us via our contact form .
1. Affiliate marketing and compensation
We are affiliated with merchants mentioned in this website .
We may get commission from purchase reffered from this site .
The compensation received may influence the advertising content , topics or posts made in this site .
2. Typical Result of the Products
As affiliate , we do n’t know what the typical result of the product given , so we always referred our visitor to visit advertiser site to get more information about the typical result .
Please visit the advertiser page for more information about typical result
3. Testimonials
We do n’t use testimonials in this site , but we may referring our visitor to merchant sites to merchant sites and ./ or third party sites .
All testimonials rights are belong to those merchant and or third party sites .
If you have any questions regarding our disclosure policy .
This sketch , rediscovered by Paolo Greer in 1978 , was made by ‘ Poker Harry ’ Singer , Augusto Berns ’ partner .
It shows alleged mineral deposits , close to Aguas Calientes , Berns ’ original sawmill camp ( Image : Alex Chepstow - Lusty )
An 1877 book by German geologist Herman Göhring , lost for many years , contained this map , dated 1874 .
It clearly indicates two peaks , “ Machu Picchu ” and “ Huaina Picchu ” … ( Image : Alex Chepstow - Lusty ) … while elsewhere in the book , Göhring refers to the “ forts of Chuquillusca , Torontoy and Picchu ” ( Image : Alex Chepstow - Lusty )
This 1887 booklet described Augusto Berns ’ company and his proposal to loot the “ Huacas del Inca ” – Machu Picchu ( Image : Alex Chepstow - Lusty ) Advertisement
This section of Berns ’ handmade map shows his camp , which is marked “ Saw Mill ” .
Next to it is the “ Point Huaca Inca ” , adjacent to Machu Picchu .
This plan was produced before Berns got the government ’s permission to sack the ruins , so their position is unmarked and described as “ inaccessible ” ( Image : Alex Chepstow - Lusty )
The “ lost city of the Incas ” , Machu Picchu , was actually discovered forty years earlier than thought , and ransacked .
Machu Picchu was famously discovered by Hiram Bingham in 1912 .
New evidence shows that it was first visited in 1867 by an obscure German entrepreneur named Augusto Berns , who apparently looted the tombs with the Peruvian government ’s blessing .
When Bingham arrived , he found a hut called “ La Maquina ” .
This was actually part of a sawmill which Berns ran in the area , after purchasing 25 kilometres of land along the Vilcanota River in 1867 .
He then realised the immense potential value of Machu Picchu ’s artefacts .
Berns ’ activities were uncovered by Paolo Greer , who in 1978 discovered an old map of the area and subsequently traced Berns ’ activities through documents in the National Library of Peru .
New Scientist has been given access to some of the documents Greer uncovered , which you can see on the right .
Greer uncovered a sketch map of the area by Berns ’ partner , a lost geology book with material based on Berns ’ work , a booklet describing Berns ’ plans to loot Machu Picchu , and his handmade map of the area .
Greer ’s research will be published in South American Explorer Magazine .
Here ’s Román Cortés ’ Homer , animated to show the structure .
I have n’t done anything to Román ’s amazing work other than to annotate the divs with ids and add a bit of jQuery to show them in sequence so that you can see the characters being added one at a time .
o o o o ( O O O \ L ( O O O O O \ L ( O | | \ \ | | \ \ \ \ ( ( 8 o o o ( ( 8 o o o o ) ) b o O o o o o o o ) b o O o o o o o o o o o / / / • • • • • _ _ _ • • • C C O ( -
Click your choice of fast or slow animation :
Animate fast Animate slow
Román also made a George Bush .
PS : if this does n’t look right for you , it may be that you are on Linux and do n’t have the Verdana font .
You can install it from the msttcorefonts package .
Testimonials
" The best PSP download site that I have found so far !
I am very happy with the selection of movies , games , and music that I can easily download to my PSP .
This summer is going to be a great summer on the road .
Thank you guys ! "
Joe G. from New Jersey
" I have had the worst luck trying to find a site that offers legit PSP downloads .
Finally I stumble upon this site and I am very pleased on how easy it is to download media to my PSP now .
Super quality content and fast installs "
Diane S. from Arkansas
" Probably the best PSP download site I have found so far hands down .
What makes this site great is the unlimited downloads I can get to my PSP .
I do n't think I will ever be bored with my PSP ever again . "
Scotty W. from Ontario
Presumably , when a story involves both drugs and terrorism , some kind of fuse blows in the collective Mail brane and the hysteria overpowers them .
This time they ’ve got the Taleban turning cannabis into heroin .
RAF
Harrier jump jets have blown up the world ’s biggest drug haul in Afghanistan by dropping three 1,000 lb bombs on a 237 - ton stash of cannabis .
Officials believe the area – near to the Taliban stronghold of Quetta in Pakistan – was turning dried cannabis leaves into heroin .
The story is illustrated with images of a concerned mother who is helpfully described as a blazing trench of drugs .
Viva .
Across Spain , France and Italy , young middle - class professionals with good degrees and diplomas are facing a lifetime on low salaries with unrewarding jobs , forever poorer than their parents .
Investigation by Graham Keeley in Barcelona , Jason Burke in Paris and Tom Kington in Rome
The kids learning to swim at the pool near Via Casilina , in a working - class suburb of Rome , could not ask for better qualified instructors .
One is a literature graduate with a masters in communications from Brussels , while another , Antonio di Martino , is an aerospace engineer .
Di Martino , 30 , still has to finish his degree , but with a one - year - old baby and another child on the way , and afternoons and evenings working at the pool to bring in € 1,100 ( £ 870 ) a month , something had to give .
' Some of the pressure to graduate also slipped away when I saw one friend get his degree and then only earn €500 a month at an Italian space firm and another get € 800 a month at the European Space Agency , ' said Di Martino , bouncing his son on his knee as his partner , Mattia , rushes out the door to her teaching job , which pays € 1,200 a month .
' My parents bought me my flat , making me one of the lucky ones since prices are crazy and I would never get a mortgage , ' he said .
' I spent two years of savings on doing up the bathroom and now I worry about my son .
One problem , one unforeseen expense and things get serious . '
He said price checking in supermarkets was the norm - ' something my mother never did ' .
And the family thinks hard before travelling .
' With petrol and tolls , even a trip to my parents in southern Italy now costs € 100 . '
Di Martino is part of a new phenomenon sweeping Europe .
As he spoke , Africa Garcia Arias , 32 , was nearing the end of a 45 - hour week in a busy Madrid hospital .
Six months pregnant , Arias will scale back her working week in the coming month .
But , though she is exhausted , this is hardly much relief .
Her salary of € 1,600 will drop to € 1,000 a month .
On Friday night , Lorenzo , 35 , was on a train heading to work a nightshift for a major American sales website 's Berlin branch .
He trained as a historian and a photographer .
' The pay is just about OK - € 2,700 a month for a 40 - hour week - but it is hardly the job I dreamed of doing , ' he said .
And in Paris , Nathalie , 24 , was sitting in a friend 's tiny rented flat in the rundown 20th arrondissement , the poorest district of the city , having finished another month of unpaid ' work experience ' for a major publishing company .
Tomorrow she will be at the second home of her parents in Brittany to sit in the sun in the garden , read and swim .
' I look at how they live , and how they lived when they were my age or a few years older , and I realise that I will never have any of that , ' she said .
' I am not sure whether to be angry , sad or simply resigned . '
With inflation soaring , property prices sky high , wages relatively static , labour markets gridlocked and sluggish or slowing economies , Nathalie , Lorenzo , Arias and Di Martino are among tens of millions of Europeans raised to expect that their degrees and diplomas will assure them a relatively high quality of life who are now realising that the world has changed .
The disappointment is a shock with big political , social , cultural , even demographic consequences .
' I am angry .
I know a lot of people who are in the same situation and our qualifications are not being rewarded , ' said Arias .
For Nathalie , the weekend in her parents ' seaside home will leave ' a bitter taste in my mouth ' .
Freelance architect Emilio Tinoco Vertiz , 32 , earns just € 1,000 a month .
' Who needs architects when no one wants to build houses ? ' he said .
In Spain people such as Emilio are known from their pay as the ' mileuristas ' ( thousand euro- ers ) .
In France they are the ' babylosers ' - a term coined by sociologist Louis Chauvel to contrast them with ' babyboomers ' .
According to Chauvel , 41 , a sociologist at the National Foundation for Political Science , for the first time in recent history a generation of French citizens aged between 20 and 40 can expect a lower standard of living than the one before .
' Mileuristas or babylosers : it 's the same story , ' he said .
' They have an average of three years more education than their parents , a worse job and a lower standard of living . '
In 1973 , only 6 per cent of recent university leavers in France were unemployed ; now the rate is 25 to 30 per cent ; salaries have stagnated for 20 years while property prices have doubled or trebled , though the overall proportion of French people living in poverty has not changed .
Whereas in the 1960s the poor were mainly the old , now they are the young ; in 1970 , salaries for 50 - year - olds were only 15 per cent higher than those for workers of 30 ; the gap now is 40 per cent .
' Some talk of a war between the generations , but that 's a little simplistic .
It is more that the system means that the haves are keeping what they have and no one is helping the have - nots , ' said Chauvel .
' The big determinant in France now of success is not your educational level but the wealth of your parents , if they can support you during your twenties as you fight your way into a closed employment market . '
French economists speak of ' insiders and outsiders ' .
The insiders are those who already have a job and are well - defended by the battery of French laws protecting the workforce and the unions .
The outsiders are those without work which , naturally , include newcomers on the job market .
Chauvel says the problem is particularly bad in Latin countries where parents are expected to support their children much longer .
In Spain , even during the boom years when growth outstripped the rest of the European Union , the ' mileuristas ' found themselves unable to afford their own homes .
But now with the Spanish economy crashing , prospects are grim .
In the first three months of 2008 , Spanish unemployment hit 9.6 per cent , the highest for three years and second only to Slovakia in the 27 - nation EU .
Once one of Europe 's success stories , Spain 's Socialist government has been forced to cut its 2008 growth estimate to 2.3 per cent from 3.1 per cent .
Josep Comajuncosa , a macro-economics specialist at the Esade business school in Barcelona , said the downturn may help the ' mileuristas ' buy homes but it will not solve their basic problem .
' What is needed is a model of growth based on greater productivity and new industries primarily service - based such as IT , financial services and new technology which can raise salaries , ' he said .
In an effort to save Spain from the worst effects of the downturn , the government has announced an ambitious public works programme , including a massive social housing plan that could help many to finally buy property .
Such policies are likely to become common .
In Germany , according to a report published by consultancy McKinsey , those earning between 70 and 150 per cent of the average income - the standard definition of the middle class - will make up less than half the population by 2020 , against 54 per cent today .
Only eight years ago , 62 per cent of Germans were in the middle - class bracket , according to a second study .
Key markers of middle - class status - such as overseas holidays - are disappearing or becoming blurred .
' I have n't been away for two years , ' said Aurel Thurn , 38 , who works for an art gallery in Berlin and has top - level qualifications , 10 years ' experience and speaks four languages fluently .
' I have enough money for my rent , my telephone and food .
But that 's it . '
Many feel that Germany 's middle class has not benefited from the nation 's recent economic recovery .
The result has been political pressure , with trade union activism and a wave of industrial action aimed at securing higher wages and enhanced benefits as well as lower taxes for average earners and higher taxes on the rich .
Germany 's political parties have reacted by boosting public spending and are considering wide tax cuts .
' There is a political swing towards what were once considered the ideas of the political left such as minimum wages , benefits and so on , ' said Holgar Schaefer , labour economist at the Cologne Institute of Economics .
' It is a tendency that is only likely to become more obvious in coming years . '
The same thing is happening elsewhere .
In France , there has been a mass mobilisation of teachers and pupils against plans to slash staffing levels .
' It is completely unprecedented , ' said author and journalist Ariane Chemin .
' There is a potentially explosive combination of political disillusion with a fascination for politics .
Young people are both deeply cynical and deeply politicised .
They are at the school gates calling teachers who work " scabs " .
We have n't seen anything like it for years . '
But it may be that , instead of the demise of the European class , we are merely witnessing its evolution .
Daniel Gros , of the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels , said the middle classes across Europe were ' splintering ' .
' The homogeneous middle class that you once had based on industry and a protected government sector is disappearing , ' he said .
The political and social consequences are already visible .
The success of Nicolas Sarkozy is one , according to Gros .
' The old massive blocs of Gaullist right and Socialist left based on clear understandings of what it is to be working class and socialist have broken down , ' he said .
' Sarkozy 's appeal cut across those classic divisions . '
Analysts also point out that the ' hardship ' of the middle classes is relative - according to the European Commission , there are an estimated 16 million people in the EU at risk of poverty .
' The decline in standards of living for young middle class people is pretty moderate when compared with the very dramatic situation of their counterparts in totally marginalised communities such as the poor French suburbs , ' said Professor Ian Begg of the London School of Economics .
' And it is an extremely varied picture .
New service sector jobs can be low grade and badly paid - such as night shifts for an IT company - or very lucrative .
Collectively , Europe is richer than it has ever been .
Average income has been going up pretty well without a blip since 1945 and whatever the disparities some of that has filtered down to pretty much everybody . '
Begg pointed out that , with economic and social changes , a certain amount of ' blurring ' was inevitable .
' There is a trend towards a certain classlessness and some win and some lose .
Jobs that were previously passports to stable middle - class incomes and wealth no longer are .
And those who lose out most tend to shout loudest . '
After warning on Tuesday that hackers were exploiting an unpatched bug in Adobe Systems ' Flash Player software , Symantec has backtracked from this claim , saying the flaw is " very similar " to another vulnerability that was patched last month .
Symantec 's initial warning described a disturbing threat -- a previously unknown and unpatched flaw that was being exploited on tens of thousands of Web pages .
The flaw allowed attackers to install unauthorized software on a victim 's machine and was being used to install botnet programs and password - logging software , Symantec said .
Now Symantec believes that the bug was previously known and patched by Adobe on April 8 , said Ben Greenbaum , a senior research manager with Symantec Security Response .
However , the Linux version of Adobe 's stand - alone Flash Player , version 9.0.124 , is vulnerable to the attack .
On Tuesday Symantec researchers saw that the attack worked on Linux and that it caused Flash Player to crash on Windows XP , so they reasoned that they had a new bug that was just not working properly on the Windows platform , possibly due to a programming error by the hackers .
" We thought it was a problem with the exploit , " he said .
Now Symantec believes that the vulnerability was simply not properly patched in this one version of Adobe 's software , Greenbaum said .
That means that Windows and Mac OS X users with the latest updates are not vulnerable , and even Linux users who are running the latest Flash Player plugin inside their browser , rather than as stand - alone software , are safe .
However , Windows XP users running the older Flash Player , version 9.0.115 , are vulnerable to the attack , Greenbaum said .
This kind of missed security assessment is rare , but it does happen from time to time , said Matt Richard , director of VeriSign 's iDefense Rapid Response Team .
" It looks like they just jumped the gun and put it out a little bit too early without doing all the homework , " he said of Symantec .
" When we did our testing in the lab , the latest version completely fixes the issue :
No crashes , no exploits , no nothing . "
IBM 's Internet Security Systems ( ISS ) , which is credited with discovering the Flash Player bug , echoed Richard 's analysis .
" Several reports have stated that a zero - day Flash vulnerability is being exploited through several Chinese hacker websites , " ISS wrote in its advisory on the flaw .
" All of the samples X - Force has seen target the vulnerability disclosed in this Advisory . "
In a note on its Web site , Symantec said that it was working with Adobe to figure things out .
An Adobe spokesman said Wednesday that his company was " still trying to get to the bottom of this , " but expected to have an update by around noon Pacific time on Wednesday .
The Olympic flame relay in Paris ended in farce today when police cut the event short after protests forced officials to repeatedly extinguish the torch .
It was a second day of severe embarrassment for Beijing following similar skirmishes in London yesterday as activists demonstrated against China 's recent violent crackdown in Tibet .
The Paris stage of the relay ran into trouble immediately after leaving the Eiffel Tower at lunchtime , even though hundreds of riot police and security officials flanked the torch bearers .
With only 200 metres of the planned 17 - mile journey to the Charlety stadium on the edge of the city completed , the scale of the demonstrations meant officials had to extinguish the torch and seek shelter on board a bus .
The torch was relit and handed back to the French athletes carrying it through the streets , but it soon had to be extinguished again .
After this had happened for a fourth time , and with the procession hopelessly behind schedule , police decided not to go ahead with its second section .
Instead , the torch was again loaded onto a bus and driven to the stadium , arriving at around 5.30 pm local time ( 1630 BST ) .
By the time the relay was abandoned , a planned ceremony to greet the torch outside the French capital 's city hall had already been cancelled as members of the Green party hung a giant Tibetan flag from the building .
Despite the huge security presence , at least two activists got within little more than an arm 's length of the torch before being stopped .
One protester threw water at it , but failed to extinguish the flame and was carried away .
Police grappled many other demonstrators to the ground , using tear gas to disperse those blocking the relay 's route .
They said 28 people were arrested .
While the turbulent scenes were a blow for the Beijing organisers , the Olympic flame remained alight at all times in an enclosed lantern used to preserve it on planes and overnight during the 85,000 - mile journey from Olympia , in Greece , to China .
Wang Hui , the media head for the Beijing Olympics organising committee , today condemned what she called a " few separatists " involved in the protests , insisting the relay would continue as planned .
" The smooth progress of the torch relay cannot be stopped and will definitely be a big success , " she added .
The flame was more heavily guarded than it had been in London .
It was barely visible inside a 200 - metre cordon shielding it from protests as it left the Eiffel Tower , flanked by riot officers and other police on inline skates .
Along the route , some cheered and waved Chinese flags but many others chanted pro-Tibet slogans .
Around 500 protesters congregated at Trocadero Square , which faces the Eiffel Tower .
One torch bearer , the double French judo gold medallist , David Douillet , told RTL radio he regretted the choice of China to host the games " because it is n't up to snuff on freedom of expression , on total liberty , and of course , on Olympic values " .
Demonstrations are also expected in San Francisco and New Delhi , India on the torch relay 's 21 - stop , six - continent tour before it arrives in mainland China on May 4 .
The flame 's progress through London yesterday was slow , violent and occasionally farcical as protesters repeatedly attempted to disrupt the relay .
China faced already a distinctly chilly official reception in France .
When asked whether he hoped there would be a major protest in Paris , the French foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner , said he wanted " people to be informed " about Tibet .
Following reports at the weekend that the president , Nicolas Sarkozy , was still considering a boycott of the opening ceremony , Kouchner said " all options " remained open .
China had hoped the flame relay – the longest in Olympic history - would mark the start of a triumphant coming - out party for the world 's most populous nation , marking its emergence as a major economic and political world power .
However , existing concerns over its human rights record were exacerbated following major anti-Beijing protests in Tibet , in which exiled Tibetan leaders claim up to 150 people were killed .
Counting Characters in UTF - 8 Strings Is Fast
Written in 2008 by Kragen Javier Sitaker .
This paragraph added in 2016 .
On IRC , Aristotle Pagaltzis was pondering how much performance variable - width encodings such as UTF - 8 actually cost , because it 's commonly suggested that fixed - width encodings such as ISO - 8859 - 1 and UCS - 4 are much faster .
He suggested :
Huh , it just occurs to me that strlen is not at all expensive on UTF - 8 - encoded strings .
Not exactly as fast , but if you write it in asm , it only takes one extra instruction to count characters in UTF - 8 vs those in an 8 - bit encoding , per character .
So , if you factor in cache misses , it should make no measurable difference .
All you lose with a variable - width encoding is direct random access to arbitrary indices in the string , which is basically a non-use case .
It turned out that he was partly wrong , but mostly right .
And along the way , we discovered that GCC 's standard implementation of strlen was quite pessimal .
I 'm using Linux on a 700MHz Pentium III laptop with GCC 4.1.2 , using just the - O flag unless otherwise specified .
My First Assembly Version
First I thought about how to write strlen , and came up with this :
.global my_strlen_s my_strlen_s : push %esi cld mov 8 ( %esp ) , %esi xor %ecx , %ecx ## repnz lodsb does n't work because lodsb does n't update ZF loop : lodsb test %al , %al loopnz loop mov %ecx , %eax not %eax pop %esi ret
For those who are n't well - versed in 80386 assembly language : lodsb reads a byte from memory at %esi , puts it in %al , and increments %esi ;
reads a byte from memory at , puts it in , and increments ; loopnz decrements %ecx each time through the loop , and jumps back to the label loop : if %ecx is n't zero and if the zero flag ZF is n't set ( that 's the " nz " part ) ;
decrements each time through the loop , and jumps back to the label if is n't zero and if the zero flag is n't set ( that 's the " nz " part ) ; test %al , %al sets the zero flag ZF if %al is zero ( the C string terminator ) , among other things .
sets the zero flag if is zero ( the C string terminator ) , among other things .
after the loop body has run N times , %ecx is - N , so not %eax converts the negative number - N from %ecx into a positive number N - 1 .
is -N , so converts the negative number - N from into a positive number N - 1 . you have to push %esi because it 's a callee - saves register .
( To my surprise . )
But there 's a scasb instruction which I should have used instead of lodsb ; test .
The inner loop there is three instructions .
GCC's Assembly Version
Then I looked at how GCC does strlen .
It turns out it inlines it , even without any extra optimization flags .
Here 's a sample call , albeit with optimization :
80484d5 : bf 00 99 04 08 mov $ 0x8049900 , %edi 80484da : fc cld 80484db : b9 ff ff ff ff mov $ 0 xffffffff , %ecx 80484e0 : b0 00 mov $ 0x0 , %al 80484e2 : f2 ae repnz scas %es :( %edi ) , %al 80484e4 : f7 d1 not %ecx 80484e6 : 49 dec %ecx 80484e7 : 89 4c 24 04 mov %ecx,0x4 ( %esp )
There the inner loop is just the repnz scas .
I 'd forgotten about SCAS .
A C Version
Here 's a reasonable strlen in C :
int my_strlen ( char * s ) { int i = 0 ; while ( * s++ ) i++ ; return i; }
This compiles to the following :
080483c4 < my_strlen > : 80483c4 : 55 push %ebp 80483c5 : 89 e5 mov %esp , %ebp 80483c7 : 8 b 55 08 mov 0x8 ( %ebp ) , %edx 80483ca : b8 00 00 00 00 mov $ 0x0 , %eax 80483cf : 80 3a 00 cmpb $ 0x0 , ( %edx ) 80483d2 : 74 0 c je 80483e0 < my_strlen+0x1c > 80483d4 : b8 00 00 00 00 mov $ 0x0 , %eax 80483d9 : 40 inc %eax 80483da : 80 3 c 10 00 cmpb $ 0x0 , ( %eax , %edx,1 ) 80483de : 75 f9 jne 80483d9 < my_strlen+0x15 > 80483e0 : 5d pop %ebp 80483e1 : c3 ret
So here the inner loop is again three instructions : inc %eax ; cmpb 0 , ( %eax , %edx , 1 ) ; jne .
It 's been optimized down to while ( s [i ] ) i++ ; .
The loop termination test is duplicated above the top of the loop for the empty - string case .
My UTF - 8 Assembly Version
So then I thought about how to do what Aristotle was suggesting .
In UTF - 8 , bytes that start new characters begin either with binary 0 or binary 11 ; the second and subsequent bytes of multibyte characters have binary 10 as their high bits .
So to count the characters , you just have to count the bytes that do n't begin with binary 10 .
I tried this :
.global my_strlen_utf8_s my_strlen_utf8_s : push %esi cld mov 8 ( %esp ) , %esi xor %ecx , %ecx loop2 : lodsb test $ 0x80 , % al jz ascii # format 0xxx xxxx test $ 0x40 , % al jz loop2 # format 10 xx xxxx : does n't start new char ascii : test %al , %al loopnz loop2 mov %ecx , %eax not %eax pop %esi ret
So here we jump back to loop2 , rather than decrementing %ecx with loopnz , in the case where the byte starts with 10 .
And we can skip the test %al , %al test , since 0000 0000 does n't start with 10 .
The inner loop of this version has 5 instructions , including two taken conditional branches , in the usual ASCII case , and 7 instructions for non-ASCII bytes , rather than 3 instructions per byte .
That 's only two extra instructions in the " usual " case , but if every instruction were one cycle , that would still be a 67 % increase in run-time .
Counting instructions and adding up their cycle count is n't a very accurate way to measure performance in these superscalar days , though .
My UTF - 8 C Version
A C version looks like this :
int my_strlen_utf8_c( char *s ) { int i = 0 , j = 0 ; while ( s [i ] ) { if ( ( s [i ] & 0xc0 ) != 0x80 ) j++ ; i++ ; } return j ; }
GCC compiles it to this :
080483e2 < my_strlen_utf8_c > : 80483e2 : 55 push %ebp 80483e3 : 89 e5 mov %esp , %ebp 80483e5 : 8 b 55 08 mov 0x8 ( %ebp ) , %edx 80483e8 : 0f b6 02 movzbl ( %edx ) , %eax 80483eb : b9 00 00 00 00 mov $ 0x0 , %ecx 80483f0 : 84 c0 test %al , %al 80483f2 : 74 23 je 8048417 < my_strlen_utf8_c+0x35 > 80483f4 : b9 00 00 00 00 mov $ 0x0 , %ecx 80483f9 : 0 f be c0 movsbl %al , %eax 80483fc : 25 c0 00 00 00 and $ 0xc0 , %eax 8048401 : 3d 80 00 00 00 cmp $ 0x80 , %eax 8048406 : 0f 95 c0 setne %al 8048409 : 0f b6 c0 movzbl %al , %eax 804840 c : 01 c1 add %eax , %ecx 804840e : 0f b6 42 01 movzbl 0x1( %edx ) , %eax 8048412 : 42 inc %edx 8048413 : 84 c0 test %al , %al 8048415 : 75 e2 jne 80483f9 < my_strlen_utf8_c+0x17 > 8048417 : 89 c8 mov %ecx , %eax 8048419 : 5d pop %ebp 804841a : c3 ret
An inner loop of 10 instructions --- but containing only a single conditional jump , the jne at the bottom .
It uses the and ; cmp ; setne ; movzbl sequence to put either a 0 or a 1 into %eax , depending on whether the byte fetched began with 10 , and adds the result into %ecx each time through the loop .
Aristotle 's UTF - 8 Assembly Version
So after all this , I chatted with Aristotle some more , and it turned out he had a much cleverer trick up his sleeve than I had thought --- or , in fact , than he had thought .
He wrote :
But wow , my code is much faster than any of the other variants .
Unexpectedly .
Here 's his version :
.global ap_strlen_utf8_s ap_strlen_utf8_s : push %esi cld mov 8 ( %esp ) , %esi xor %ecx , %ecx loopa : dec %ecx loopb : lodsb shl $ 1 , %al js loopa jc loopb jnz loopa mov %ecx , %eax not %eax pop %esi ret
In this case , the inner loop is 6 instructions , but as few as 3 of them can execute .
I had n't realized that you could get the top two bits of a byte into the carry and sign flags with a single shl instruction like that !
Aristotle explains :
Js catches all bytes of the form x1 xxxxxx .
Jc catches 1xxxxxxx , but because js came first , that can only have been 10xxxxxx ; and jnz then catches all 00xxxxxx other than all - 0 .
This runs about 3 x as fast as your my_strlen_s --- most of the time , anyway .
Performance Results
So how do these different approaches fare ?
I wrote a program that creates a 32 MB string and timed the different functions on it , in seconds , using wall - clock time .
Here are the results from one run , sorted with sort -t : - k1 - k3 - ns .
The first few lines are various functions ' return values on the given strings .
" " : 0 0 0 0 0 0 " hello , world " : 12 12 12 12 12 12 " naïve " : 6 6 6 5 5 5 " こんにちは " : 15 15 15 5 5 5 1 : all ' a ' : 1 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.227555 1 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.299494 1 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.314887 1 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 33554431 : 0.380355 1 : my_strlen_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.432079 1 : my_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.525443 2 : all ' \xe3 ' : 2 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.224037 2 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.299537 2 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.311552 2 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 33554431 : 0.378162 2 : my_strlen_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.436755 2 : my_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.589165 3 : all ' \x81 ' : 3 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.225011 3 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 0 : 0.313525 3 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.316182 3 : my_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 0 : 0.322959 3 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 0 : 0.390958 3 : my_strlen_s ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.432342
The 33554431 and 0 numbers are the return values ; this ensures that GCC does n't optimize out the strlen call .
So , on my CPU , the C version of strlen took about 28 % less time than the built - in inlined one for this long string ; it only uses two registers instead of the three used by the built - in inlined one ( the one that uses repnz scasb ) ; and they both seem to be about 12 bytes .
I do n't know why GCC inlines the worse one .
Most likely it used to be faster than whatever GCC generated at the time and has n't been revisited .
It 's worth noting that while my C version of strlen was always faster than the built - in version , Aristotle 's UTF - 8 version was always in between .
On Aristotle 's Core 2 Duo 1.8GHz ( also with GCC 4.1.2 and - O ) , the difference was very much greater .
Here are his results :
" " : 0 0 0 0 0 0 " hello , world " : 12 12 12 12 12 12 " naïve " : 6 6 6 5 5 5 " こんにちは " : 15 15 15 5 5 5 1 : all ' a ' : 1 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.025906 1 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.039629 1 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 33554431 : 0.096041 1 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.114821 1 : my_strlen_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.116529 1 : my_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.132648 2 : all ' \xe3 ' : 2 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.025912 2 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.039583 2 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 33554431 : 0.095699 2 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.114452 2 : my_strlen_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.114622 2 : my_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 33554431 : 0.136109 3 : all ' \x81 ' : 3 : my_strlen( string ) = 33554431 : 0.026112 3 : my_strlen_utf8_s(string ) = 0 : 0.039656 3 : ap_strlen_utf8_s( string ) = 0 : 0.039661 3 : my_strlen_utf8_c(string ) = 0 : 0.096416 3 : my_strlen_s ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.115327 3 : strlen ( string ) = 33554431 : 0.116629
All of this code is online in two files :
Conclusions
The Mothers of Srebrenica believe the UN was bound to protect them A Dutch court is considering whether the UN can be sued for failing to prevent the massacre of thousands of Bosnian Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 .
About 6,000 relatives of those killed have brought a case against the UN and the Dutch government over the killings .
Dutch peacekeepers , under a UN flag , failed to intervene as Bosnian Serb forces killed more than 8,000 Muslim men and boys in one week in July 1995 .
The enclave had been designated a UN safe haven .
The UN has refused to take part in the case , claiming immunity - a position backed by the Dutch government .
Immunity ' undesirable '
Dutch government lawyer Bert - Jan Houtzagers said the UN must be allowed to operate without facing the threat of prosecution .
" The Bosnian Serbs are the ones who are to blame , especially General [ Ratko ] Mladic .
He is a war criminal , " he said .
Gen Mladic led the Bosnian Serb forces that overwhelmed Srebrenica .
He has been indicted but is still at large .
But Axel Hagedorn , lawyer for the victims ' relatives , said : " Functional immunity does not mean that international organisations are wholly above the law .
" Boundless immunity of the UN is both unacceptable and undesirable for the proper functioning and credibility of the UN . "
Genocide
A number of cases have been brought by small numbers of Srebrenica survivors or relatives - including one by two families which opened in a Dutch court on Monday - but this collective action is distinguished by its size , representing thousands of relatives , including the Mothers of Srebrenica group .
If it opens the way for the Netherlands to be sued ... that will add to the UN 's problems
Wary nations watch Srebrenica case The Srebrenica massacre has been established as genocide , by the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague .
The Dutch cabinet resigned in 2002 after a report blamed politicians for sending the Dutch UN troops on an impossible mission .
Now Dutch judges , at The Hague District Court , have to decide whether the UN can be held responsible for the tragedy , under Dutch or international law .
The court will also consider whether the Dutch government can be sued .
After Wednesday 's hearing , the court said it would announce its ruling on 10 July .
Many nations are likely to be watching the decision carefully , says the BBC's Nick Miles .
If it opens up the way for the Netherlands to be sued it could make governments more wary of committing troops for peacekeeping operations - making it still harder for the UN to sustain keep them going .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The Journal of 9/11 Studies is a peer - reviewed , electronic - only journal covering research related to the events of September 11 , 2001 .
Many fields of study are represented and all content is freely available online .
Since 2006 , the Journal has presented some of the most compelling analysis and evidence related to the crimes of September 11 , 2001 .
Today our mission is to offer new findings and new , evidence - based perspectives that have not yet been addressed .
We hope you find the content informative and useful in the fight for truth , justice and peace .
To learn about the editors or get contact and submission information , see the About section in the menu above .
Sharon Stone made the comments to a Hong Kong film crew Actress Sharon Stone has sparked criticism in China after claiming the recent earthquake could have been the result of bad " karma " .
The US star , speaking at the Cannes Film Festival , linked the recent disaster to Beijing 's policy on Tibet .
She said : " I thought , ' Is that karma ? '
When you are not nice , bad things happen to you . "
But Stone added she " cried " after the Tibetan Foundation asked her to help quake victims .
Stone , 50 , said : " They wanted to go and be helpful , and that made me cry .
I 'm not happy about the way the Chinese are treating the Tibetans because I do n't think anyone should be unkind to anyone else
Sharon Stone
" It was a big lesson to me that sometimes you have to learn to put your head down and be of service even to people who are n't nice to you . "
Stone made her comments last week in a brief interview with a Hong Kong film crew .
" I 'm not happy about the way the Chinese are treating the Tibetans because I do n't think anyone should be unkind to anyone else , " Stone said in footage widely available on the internet .
" And then all this earthquake and all this stuff happened , and I thought , is that karma ? "
Ng See - Yuen , founder of the UME Cineplex chain and the chairman of the Federation of Hong Kong Filmmakers , called Stone 's comments " inappropriate " .
According to a story in trade magazine Hollywood Reporter , he vowed not to show Stone 's films in his theatres .
Film boycott UME has branches in Beijing , Shanghai , Chongqing , Hangzhou and Guangzhou , China 's biggest urban movie markets .
Stone 's comments also created a swell of anger on the internet , including at least one Chinese website devoted solely to disparaging her comments .
The Beijing Times also reported that some major Beijing department stores had removed advertisements for cosmetic and couture giant Christian Dior , which feature Stone 's image .
The earthquake struck south - west China on 12 May , leaving 68,109 people dead , with another 19,851 still missing .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Josef Fritzl , the Austrian rapist who imprisoned his daughter in a cellar for 24 years and fathered her seven children , may face a murder charge over the death of one of his newborn sons whose corpse he admitted " getting rid of " in a boiler furnace .
Yesterday , judges ordered that Fritzl , 73 , who was remanded in custody at the end of April , should be detained for a further month while Austrian prosecutors complete the list of charges they intend to press against him .
Fritzl has confessed to holding his daughter , Elisabeth , hostage underground from the age of 18 onwards and to fathering her children by raping her almost once every three days because he was sexually obsessed with her .
But he has also told police that one of his children , a baby twin named Michael , died of a mystery illness .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He told police – in his first confession to them after his arrest – that the boy was born , like all the other children , without receiving any medical attention , on 28 April , 1996 .
Fritzl said he died three days later and has admitted that he incinerated the baby 's corpse in the wood - fired boiler that supplied his heating system to " get rid of it " .
Gerhard Sedaleck , a spokesman for the Lower Austrian state prosecutors ' office , said yesterday that Fritzl would be formally questioned over the next few days .
" If we establish that he could see that the child was severely ill but still failed to summon help , then there are grounds for bringing murder charges against him on the basis of criminal negligence , " he said .
Alexander , the dead baby boy 's twin brother , is now 12 .
Shortly after his birth he was deposited upstairs in Fritzl 's " normal " home above the cellar bunker where he was looked after by Fritzl and his wife , Rosemarie , together with his sisters Lisa , 15 , and Monika , 14 .
The children were unaware that they had a sister and two other brothers – Kerstin , 19 , Stefan , 18 , and Felix , five – who had spent their entire lives underground .
The three cellar children saw daylight for the first time when they were released .
An inkling of the horrific circumstances Elisabeth , now 42 , and her children were forced to endure has been provided by Fritzl in an interview he gave to the Austrian media via his lawyer from his prison cell .
His account of his life in the cellar was a bizarre attempt to counter the media image of him as a monster .
He admitted that he never summoned a doctor to the underground prison and that all of the children who resulted from his incestuous relationship with his daughter were born without any proper medical assistance .
It appears that Elisabeth Fritzl was forced to give birth to every one of her children on her own .
Fritzl said he gave her " medical books , nappies , disinfectants and towels " in an attempt to familiarise her with childbirth .
Elisabeth was never allowed to see a dentist and Fritzl admitted that , during her 24 - year incarceration , all of her teeth went rotten and " fell out one by one " .
Fritzl was largely oblivious of the suffering of his prisoners .
Although Kerstin , 19 started developing screaming fits and a form of epilepsy and his youngest son Stefan , aged five , shook uncontrollably , he responded by giving them aspirins .
At the end of April , Kerstin lapsed into a coma and Elisabeth finally persuaded Fritzl to take her to hospital , where doctors notified the police for the first time .
Last week , IBM announced a new approach to lowering the cost of solar power .
Though it 's a long way from commercialization , the technique is worth taking a close look at because it exploits some of the technology that IBM has developed for cooling CPUs in order to improve solar cell efficiency .
IBM 's research in this area also fits within the context of wider industry " green technology " efforts , efforts that are already having a real impact in the datacenter .
Squeezing more power out of a solar cell
Photovoltaic technology , which converts light directly into electric current , has been around in one form or another for decades .
So far , it has been limited to niche markets for a single reason : photovoltaic cells are expensive because they are generally made via the same high - quality silicon manufacturing processes that produce computer chips .
Solar cell makers have tried to overcome this limitation in a variety of way ; some look to alternate materials , while others try to boost the efficiency of energy conversion so that a single chip produces more power .
The new work from IBM is a rather interesting variation on this latter option .
Instead of boosting the efficiency of the photovoltaic cell itself , the technique , called concentrator photovoltaics , simply focuses more sunlight onto the chip .
With more incoming energy , any photovoltaic , regardless of its efficiency , will produce more power .
This technology is already in use commercially , but it 's limited by the fact that concentrating too much light will raise the temperature of photovoltaic devices to the point where the equipment starts getting damaged .
The new IBM construct focuses approximately 230 watts / cm2 onto a photovoltaic cell , which is the equivalent of 2300 times the intensity of unfiltered sunlight .
That 's enough to raise standard equipment to 1600 °C and precipitate a meltdown .
But the team involved in this research crafted their solar cell using technology intended to help cool processors , thereby allowing it to efficiently transport heat away from the photovoltaic cell and keeping it at a perfectly functional 85°C .
IBM uses a liquid metal cooling system based on gallium and indium for efficiently transferring heat away from the photovoltaics an to a standard metal heat sink .
The result is a system that can operate at a light intensity that 's roughly five times higher than any concentrator photovoltaic system currently in use .
The system is a long way from escaping the lab , but it may get a boost if similar cooling systems become mainstream through their use in processors .
The greening of the data center
This is hardly the first time that IBM has demonstrated an interest in solar technology ; last October , the company announced it had found a way to allow the use of scrap silicon wafers in the manufacturing of photovoltaic devices .
Solar is hardly the only " green tech " area that they 're looking at , either , as the press release for the new concentrator technology proudly proclaimed IBM 's interest in , " energy efficient technology and services , carbon management , advanced water management , intelligent utility networks and intelligent transportation systems . "
This emphasis on sustainable development is becoming widespread within the high - tech community .
Google has gone solar at its own facilities while also investing in solar thermal power companies that are aiming for the general grid .
A consortium of manufacturers is also working towards producing a climate - saving PC .
In short , green is the new color of high - tech .
It 's easy to dismiss these green trends as attempts to capitalize on to a feel - good wave of environmentalism for marketing purposes , and there probably is an element of that in some of these efforts .
But they can just as easily be explained as a response to a new economic reality , one in which energy costs continue to rise and become a major contributor to the total cost of ownership of IT equipment .
That reality makes green technology appealing for both IT users and manufacturers in two ways .
First , energy - efficient equipment becomes a necessity , as it allows users to continue to add computing capacity and manufacturers to both sell the new capacity and to replace the old tech with more efficient products .
Second , renewable power sources become more appealing for everyone involved as economies of scale drive down their costs relative to fossil fuels .
Given this equation , it 's no surprise that so many companies are now jumping on the green bandwagon .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The government charged an oil trading firm Thursday with manipulating oil prices in the first complaint to be announced since the regulators began a new investigation into wrongdoings in the energy markets .
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission accused Optiver Holding , two of its subsidiaries and three employees with manipulation and attempted manipulation of crude oil , heating oil and gasoline futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
" Optiver traders amassed large trading positions , then conducted trades in such a way to bully and hammer the markets , " CFTC Acting Chairman Walt Lukken said at a press conference .
" These charges go to the heart of the CFTC 's core mission of detecting and rooting out illegal manipulation of the markets . "
In May , under the backdrop of record oil prices and calls from legislators to crack down on speculative oil trading and market manipulation , the CFTC announced a wide - ranging probe into oil price manipulation .
The agency says it has dozens of investigations ongoing .
The complaint filed Thursday names Bastiaan van Kempen , chief executive ; Christopher Dowson , a head trader ; and Randal Meijer , head of trading at an Optiver subsidiary .
The CFTC said the firm attempted to " bang the close " by amassing large positions just before markets closed - forcing prices up - then selling them quickly to drive prices down and pocketing the difference .
The alleged manipulation was attempted 19 times on 11 days in March 2007 , the agency said .
In at least five of those 19 times , traders succeeded in driving prices higher twice and lower three times , according to the CFTC .
Optiver issued a written statement saying the firm had received the complaint .
" We take the Commission 's action very seriously , and are treating it with utmost attention and care , " said the statement .
" Obviously , we cannot comment further until we have had the opportunity to review the complaint . "
CFTC stressed that the price changes were small and the manipulation was isolated , and that the investigation has nothing to do with the recent heat the agency has taken on Capitol Hill over rising oil prices .
Traders in the spotlight
CFTC has repeatedly said that speculators are not to blame for rising oil prices , and any cases of price manipulation - such as the one brought Thursday - have only a small , if any , effect on oil prices .
The CFTC is the government 's main regulator of commodity markets .
Its officials have been hauled before Congress and asked repeatedly whether manipulation or excessive speculation is playing a role in record oil prices .
Repeatedly , CFTC experts have said they have found no evidence that speculators - investors who do not ultimately use crude oil - are to blame for the rising prices .
They say trading information shows no correlation between investment activity and price swings .
Others , such as the International Energy Agency , have also said speculators are not to blame .
They 've pointed to other non-traded commodities that have risen in price even faster than oil , and to the fact that there is no evidence of a bubble , such as excess oil sitting around in storage .
Still , the correlation of a four - fold increase of investment money into oil futures and a four - fold increase in oil prices since 2004 has not gone unnoticed .
Many lawmakers , consumer rights advocates and even some oil industry analysts say speculation is at least partly to blame .
Against that backdrop , the CFTC has been ordered to investigate the matter more thoroughly and dozens of investigations are underway .
The agency may soon be given a bigger staff and wider powers under bills being debated in Congress .
Over the years , the CFTC has found isolated incidents of price manipulation - when an oil producer controls products to influence prices - or other cases of wrongdoing .
Since 2002 , the agency has charged 66 defendants with energy market violations .
In a recent case , BP settled a suit that alleged the company tried to corner the propane market to inflate prices in 2003 and 2004 .
BP agreed to pay a $ 303 million settlement .
But overall , most experts say the incidents are so scattered , and the energy market so large , that it 's unlikely a single trader or group of traders can have substantial sway over prices .
Correction :
An earlier version of the story said indictments have been brought against the company and some of its employees .
The charges are civil , not criminal .
Indeed , some data managers with only a degree from a two - year college can command a $ 100,000 salary .
Trade and professional conferences for data center experts , unheard of years ago , are now commonplace .
Five - figure signing bonuses , retention bonuses and generous stock grants have become ingredients in the compensation packages of data center experts today .
Paul Marcoux knows the feeling of being wanted .
Cisco Systems , giant Silicon Valley maker of equipment used in data centers , recently held a nationwide search for a vice president for “ green engineering . ”
It needed someone who could manage the traditional information technology functions as well as increasingly important mechanical and electrical systems .
Last November , Cisco found Mr. Marcoux , an electrical engineer with an M.B.A. working at American Power Conversion , a manufacturer of power supplies and air - conditioners for data centers .
Mr. Marcoux , 57 , worked on the design and construction of about 100 data centers in his 30 - year career .
“ To really make progress , we have to bridge the analog and the digital worlds , ” said Mr. Marcoux .
At Cisco , Mr. Marcoux is applying his experience to improving the company ’s data centers and its products , so that its computers increasingly can communicate with the coolers and power generators .
“ Our products need to talk to the power supplies and air - conditioners instead of being standalone boxes , ” he explained .
Cisco is just one of the many companies  and the Energy Department ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  working on the challenge of making data centers operate more like seamless machines , using sensors and software , for example , so the computers can direct air - conditioners and fans where and what level of cooling is needed .
Image Paul Marcoux at the data center of Cisco Systems in Richardson , Tex. , where he works to improve the communication between the computers and their coolers and power generators .
Credit ... Mark Graham for The New York Times
Mr. Patel is overseeing H.P. ’s programs in energy - efficient data centers and technology .
The research includes advanced projects like trying to replace copper wiring in server computers with laser beams .
But like other experts in the field , Mr. Patel says that data centers can be made 30 percent to 50 percent more efficient by applying current technology .
Are you a fan of corporate conspiracy theories ?
If so , listen up , because I 've got a great one for you .
On Friday , reports started surfacing that suggested the EFI Firmware Update 1.5 was behind a " blank screen " issue that was rendering MacBook Pros inoperable .
As usual , Apple has n't acknowledged the problem , and the EFI 1.5 firmware has n't been ( officially ) confirmed as the cause .
Rather coincidentally , though , Apple released the MacBook Pro EFI Firmware Update 1.5.1 yesterday in place of the 1.5 firmware .
We 're not entirely sure if the 1.5.1 update fixes the specific bug .
The description of the firmware update is particularly terse , saying only that the new firmware " fixes several issues to improve the stability " of MacBook Pros .
I suppose blank screens and wake - from - sleep issues do count as stability problems , though , and the fact that the 1.5 firmware is nowhere to be found suggests that something got fixed .
The version numbers for the 1.5 and 1.5.1 firmwares are the same .
This , plus the timing of the release , leads me to guess is that the 1.5.1 update does indeed fix whatever issue ( perhaps an installation issue ) that was causing the problem for some people .
Now , does anyone feel like taking one for the team , trying out the new firmware , and letting us know if it breaks anything ?
Update ( yes , already ) :
We 've received several reader reports that this update does fix the blank screen issue for them .
Sustainability For All
We may have a new look , but our promise to you remains the same : Report with integrity .
Trust science .
Refuse greenwashing .
Never preach .
Welcome everyone .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Americans saw their net worth decline by $ 1.7 trillion in the first quarter - the biggest drop since 2002 - as declines in home values and the stock market ravaged their holdings .
Meanwhile , the amount of equity people have in their homes fell to 46.2 % , the lowest level on record .
The net worth of U.S. households fell 3 % to $ 56 trillion at the end of March , according to the Federal Reserve 's flow of funds report , which was released Thursday .
The value of real estate assets owned by households and non-profits declined by $ 305 billion , while financial assets fell by $ 1.3 trillion , led mainly by a $ 556 billion drop in stocks and a $ 400 billion decline in mutual funds .
The first quarter 's decline follows a $ 530 billion drop in wealth in the fourth quarter of 2007 .
Until then , net worth had been rising steadily since 2003 , climbing nearly 31 % over those five years .
During the bear market of 2000 through 2002 , household 's net worth dropped 6.2 % .
Spending more
The recent declines , however , may not affect consumer spending , said Michael Englund , senior economist with Action Economics .
Americans have actually spent more in recent months , particularly at the gas pump as fuel prices soared .
Americans " are spending everything in their wallet and borrowing more , " Englund said .
" But because the pump takes so much more of their dollars , they are buying fewer T - shirts . "
Still , as people feel begin to feel poorer , the growth in consumer spending may slow , said Scott Hoyt , senior director of consumer economics at Moody 's Economy.com .
" When wealth goes down , consumers will cut back some , " he said .
" There will be a drag on spending . "
Household debt grew by 3.5 % in the first quarter , down from 6.1 % in the fourth quarter .
The growth of home mortgage debt , including home equity loans , cooled to an annual rate of 3 % , less than half the pace of 2007 .
Consumer credit , which includes credit cards , rose at an annual rate of 5.75 % , the same as the 2007 pace .
The fact that consumers continue to borrow against their homes , even as they decline in value , shows how troubled Americans are .
" It signals how consumers are struggling to get cash , " Hoyt said .
The Fed 's report comes at a time of growing anxiety about the nation 's economic health .
Many economists believe the country is already in a recession , if not headed toward one .
In the first four months of the year , employers cut 260,000 jobs , and on Friday the government is expected to report an additional 60,000 losses in May .
Gross domestic product rose at a sluggish annual rate of 0.9 % in the first three months of the year , when adjusted for inflation .
Whether household wealth will be up or down at the close of 2008 depends more heavily on the stock market 's performance than on housing values , since financial assets account for about two - thirds of net worth .
Because the stock market has been rising in recent months , Englund is expecting a 6 % gain in net worth for the second quarter .
As for the year ?
" The jury is really still out , " said Englund , adding that wealth could end up flat for 2008 .
Are you buried under a pile of debt and need help getting out ?
Did you recently manage to pull yourself out of debt and want to share your story ?
Tell us about your experience with debt and how the current credit crisis is affecting you .
Send us your photos and videos , or email us to share your story .
The balance of party identification in the American electorate now favors the Democratic Party by a decidedly larger margin than in either of the two previous presidential election cycles .
In 5,566 interviews with registered voters conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press during the first two months of 2008 , 36 % identify themselves as Democrats , and just 27 % as Republicans .
The share of voters who call themselves Republicans has declined by six points since 2004 , and represents , on an annualized basis , the lowest percentage of self - identified Republican voters in 16 years of polling by the Center .
The Democratic Party has also built a substantial edge among independent voters .
Of the 37 % who claim no party identification , 15 % lean Democratic , 10 % lean Republican , and 12 % have no leaning either way .
By comparison , in 2004 about equal numbers of independents leaned toward both parties .
When “ leaners ” are combined with partisans , however , the Democratic Party now holds a 14 - point advantage among voters nationwide ( 51 % Dem / lean - Dem to 37 % Rep / lean - Rep ) , up from a three - point advantage four years ago .
Despite these trends , the proportion of voters who identify with the Democratic Party outright has not increased in recent years .
Currently , 36 % say they think of themselves as a Democrat , virtually unchanged from 2004 ( 35 % ) and 2000 ( 35 % ) .
Instead , as the proportion of self - identified Republicans has decreased , the percentage of independents has grown substantially , from 32 % in 2004 to 37 % today .
The Electoral Landscape
The decline in the number of self - identified Republicans is evident in all parts of the country , but is perhaps most significant in the politically important “ swing ” states that were closely contested in the 2004 presidential election ( see “ How the States are Analyzed ” below ) .
Four years ago there were about as many Democrats ( 35 % ) as Republicans ( 33 % ) in the 12 states where the voting was closest in 2004 , and the balance was similar in the 2000 election cycle .
But so far in 2008 , Democrats hold a substantial 38 % to 27 % identification advantage in these states .
In the “ blue ” states — those where John Kerry won by at least five percentage points in 2004 — the Democratic Party ’s advantage has nearly doubled from 10 points to 18 points since the last presidential election .
As is the case nationwide , the number of Democrats in these states has remained relatively stable , while Republican identification is down seven percentage points over the past four years .
Currently , 39 % of registered voters in the 13 states Kerry won by more than five points identify themselves as Democrats , compared with 21 % who identify as Republicans .
The balance of party identification in “ red ” states — where George Bush won by more than five points in 2004 — has been more stable .
Throughout the last three election cycles , there have been roughly as many Democrats as Republicans in these 24 states collectively .
Currently , 33 % of voters in these states call themselves Republicans , 33 % call themselves Democrats , and 34 % choose neither party .
Inside Key Swing States
The growing Democratic identification advantage in swing states generally holds true when several of the largest swing states are analyzed individually .
In Ohio , 37 % of voters identify with the Democratic Party , while just 25 % identify with the Republican Party , based on surveys conducted in 2007 and 2008.1
This is a 10 - point drop in Republican ID since 2004 , and a four - point gain for Democrats .
The pattern is similar in Pennsylvania and Michigan , where a rough balance in the number of Democrats and Republicans in the last two election cycles has shifted to a substantial Democratic advantage .
In Florida , however , neither party has gained an advantage in party identification .
As was the case in 2004 , there are about as many Democrats ( 35 % ) as Republicans ( 32 % ) .
The number of voters who identify with neither political party has risen from 28 % in 2004 to 33 % in 2007 and 2008 .
Inside Key “ Red ” States
Whether the Republican losses in these swing states will translate into an electoral advantage for Democrats remains uncertain .
There is not a one - to - one correspondence between the balance of party identification in a given state and the electoral outcome in presidential elections .
Nowhere is this gap more evident than in many of the states Bush won handily in 2000 and 2004 .
Bush carried North Carolina , Georgia and Virginia by eight points or more in 2004 , even though the balance of party identification in those states was about even — and actually favored the Democrats by four points in the case of North Carolina .
While the share of voters who identify as Republicans is down slightly in many of the largest “ red ” states , the shifts generally are more modest than in other parts of the country .
In both Texas and Virginia , GOP identification is down four percentage points since 2004 , and just three points in Georgia .
Of the large states Bush won by more than five points in 2004 , North Carolina has seen the greatest drop in GOP identification — from 35 % in 2004 to just 26 % today .
Inside Key “ Blue ” States
Democrats continue to hold sizable leads in traditional Democratic strongholds .
In the four most populous blue states — New York , New Jersey , California and Illinois — Democrats enjoy a double - digit advantage in party identification .
In both New York and New Jersey , the Democratic ID advantage has widened substantially since 2004 , again due more to GOP losses than Democratic gains .
In California and Illinois , the balance of party identification has remained largely unchanged , with Democrats holding roughly a 10 - point edge .
As in other parts of the country , however , the number of voters who say they identify with neither party is on the rise , from 29 % to 33 % of California voters since 2004 , and from 34 % to 40 % of Illinois voters .
Race and Party Identification
The growing Democratic advantage in party identification nationwide is due in part to a decline in the share of white voters who call themselves Republicans .
The balance of party identification among African American voters has remained relatively stable in recent years ; the Democrats now hold a 72 % to 4 % advantage , virtually unchanged from 2004 .
White voters now are as likely to identify with the Democratic Party as with the GOP ( 31 % ) .
This represents a significant shift from four years ago , when white voters called themselves Republicans by a 38 % to 29 % margin .
In swing states , where the Republican Party enjoyed a clear advantage in party identification among white voters in the 2000 and 2004 election cycles , more whites now call themselves Democrats .
Democratic identification improved to 34 % among whites , up from 31 % in 2004 , while identification with the Republican Party dropped from 37 % to 30 % over the same period .
The GOP has also experienced losses among white voters in the “ blue ” states .
Despite the Democrats ’ wide advantage in these states overall , white voters were about evenly divided between the Republican and Democratic Parties in 2000 and 2004 .
Since 2004 , however , the share of whites who identify with the GOP has dropped considerably ; about a quarter call themselves Republicans today ( 24 % ) , down from a third four years ago .
Whites in states that have voted solidly Democratic in the last two presidential elections are now much more likely to say they do not identify with either party ( 35 % in 2004 vs. 43 % now ) .
A similar pattern can be seen in the “ red ” states .
The share of white voters who identify with the Republican Party in these states has dropped from 44 % in 2004 to 38 % in the first two months of 2008 while identification with the Democratic Party has remained stable and a growing number does not identify with either party .
Despite these shifts , white voters in red states are still much more likely to call themselves Republicans than Democrats .
Notes
1 Surveys from 2007 and 2008 were combined in order to analyze states individually .
What ’s this ?
An Asus notebook with built - in projector above the monitor ?
This curious laptop was spotted plopped unceremoniously in a corner at Computex 2008 by PC Perspective .
While touring the ASUSTeK Computer booth this morning I noticed a notebook on display that did n’t have a name attached to it or a PR person assigned to guard it .
It was big , it looked new and at first glace had no outstanding features .
But there was one VERY interesting little addition seen upon further review …
Taking up a large portion of the top of the display was a small “ projector ” integrated to the chassis .
This creates a large portion of what most would called “ wasted space ” on the bezel above the LCD display but obviously a machine like this would have an incredibly niche audience that would be willing to ignore such facts .
The projector itself rotates and swivels in order to tuck in well for closing the notebook lid .
I was n’t able to really see how well the projector worked – the room it was in was pretty bright .
We ’ll be scoping out some more details on this and the full array of notebooks and mini-notes on display at Computex later today !
News source : pcper.com
JavaScript is disabled on your browser .
Please enable JavaScript to use correctly mesosadmin frontend
McCain :
Two gays only count as one parent , therefore they should n't be able to adopt RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday July 15 , 2008
Print This Email This
In response to a question from a reporter about a quote in which Sen .
John McCain said he did n't believe in gay adoption , the Arizona senator seemed to suggest gay couples who adopt children only constitute a single parent and therefore should n't be able to adopt .
Only Florida outlaws gay adoptions .
Estimates suggest 100,000 children are in foster homes in the United States .
" I think that we 've proven that both parents are important in the success of a family so , no , I do n't believe in gay adoption , " McCain said in reply to a reporter 's query .
McCain himself has an adopted daughter .
McCain then remarked that he and his wife , Cindy , were proud to be adoptive parents of a daughter born in Bangladesh , and he encouraged others to adopt .
Asked if those adopting should be a " traditional couple , " McCain answered , " Yes . "
The responses were condemned by gay and lesbian groups .
" He 's completely out of touch , " said Kara Suffredini , public policy director for the Family Equality Council .
" There 's no reason , except for the sake of red meat for his base , to throw up screens in the way of children in foster care getting homes . "
Jody Huckaby , executive director of Parents , Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays , said McCain 's comments were especially dismaying because more than 100,000 children are in foster care waiting to be adopted .
" Sen. McCain would deny loving homes to children who desperately need them simply because of an outdated prejudice about what a family may look like , " Huckaby said .
On Tuesday , as criticism of McCain 's comments spread , his campaign elaborated on the candidate 's views .
" John McCain could have been clearer in the interview in stating that his position on gay adoption is that it is a state issue .
...
He was not endorsing any federal legislation , " a campaign statement said .
" Sen. McCain 's expressed his personal preference for children to be raised by a mother and a father wherever possible , " the statement added .
" However , as an adoptive father himself , McCain believes children deserve loving and caring home environments , and he recognizes that there are many abandoned children who have yet to find homes .
John McCain believes that in those situations that caring parental figures are better for the child than the alternative . "
An estimated 65,000 children have been adopted by gays and lesbians , according to advocacy groups .
The American Academy of Pediatrics , the American Psychiatric Association and the National Association of Social Workers , among other groups , have expressed support for gay adoptions .
" It is an insult to these professionals and the children whom they represent to suggest that the door should be closed to people other than a ' traditional ' married couple , " said Ellen Kahn , who coordinates family - related projects for the Human Rights Campaign , a national gay rights group .
Adam Pertman , executive director of the Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute , said McCain " needs to read the research and rethink his comments . "
" His implication is that every adopted child should have a mother and father , " Pertman added .
" That may be the ideal , but if we stick to it , we would have far fewer homes for kids .
Single people - gay and straight - represent a significant number of adoptive parents . "
States have widely varying laws regarding adoption by same - sex couples , but only Florida has a law explicitly banning gays and lesbians from adopting as individuals .
Conservative activists in Arkansas have been working to get a similar ban on the ballot in November , but have struggled to generate public support .
Earlier this month , they turned in a petition with 65,899 signatures - only slightly more than the required number and well under the initial goal of 100,000 signatures .
Recent national polls suggest that support for the concept of gay adoption is growing .
A 2006 poll by the Pew Research Center found a near - even split on the issue ; a 2007 poll by CNN and Opinion Research Corp. said 57 percent of respondents felt gays should have the right to adopt , while 40 percent said they should n't .
A gay adoptive father in Atlanta , Ken Manford , said he and his partner have felt strong support and acceptance from neighbors and acquaintances since they adopted a son from Guatemala nearly seven years ago .
" If Sen . McCain came and sat down with us , I 'd tell him we 've proven that both parents are important in our family , " Manford said .
" It does n't matter that both those parents are men . "
McCain 's Democratic rival , Barack Obama , supports adoption rights for gays and lesbians .
With AP .
We realize that some of you 360 owners probably were n’t all too thrilled with seeing the best PS3 games of your dreams paraded in front of you in last week ’s article , but as promised , we ’ve turned the tables , and are now highlighting the best games for the Xbox 360 that make Sony fanboys question their gaming way of life .
Sure there have been some losses such as BioShock , but Microsoft ’s console is still packing plenty of titles for PlayStation fans to wonderingly stare at through their 360 owning neighbor ’s windows and possibly even knock on the door .
Here are the top 5 reasons why they should .
5. Dead Rising
Long time PlayStation gamers are no strangers to the zombie survival genre , so it ’s only natural for them to be a little envious when 360 owners get to enjoy one of the best .
Dead Rising makes use of the next gen hardware by bringing home the feeling of an en masse undead assault with literally hundreds of mobile corpses on screen at once , forcing players to resort to using katanas , guitars , or maybe some unwanted PS3 ’s found on the shelves of the open ended shopping mall the game takes place in .
No matter how many you kill , the horde just keeps coming , and we ’re sure PS3 owners feel the same about their counterpart ’s bragging .
Remember Sony fanboys , Resident Evil 5 does n’t count as a comeback because that one is on the 360 too !
4. Fable 2
While the original may not have lived up to the hype , can you name us one non-Japanese fantasy RPG on the PS3 that supersedes the first Fable ?
We did n’t think so .
Giving players a dynamic world up to 10 times larger than the first rendition of Albion , Fable 2 looks to be making good on Peter Molyneux ’s epic promise to fans of the original with even more ways for players to develop themselves , their offspring and even their pets .
Add drop - in cooperative play and you have a sequel that should provide one of the most immersive fantasy experiences outside World of Warcraft , including the addiction .
Do n’t count on this one pulling a BioShock guys , as Microsoft owns the developer behind Fable , Lionhead Studios .
3. Gears of War 1 & 2
With toys , books , a film , and anything else that the logo can be slapped on and sold , Gears is quickly becoming one of the fastest growing IP ’s that the industry has ever seen .
The intense stop and pop gameplay has been a favorite of gamers and a boon to the 360 brand , functioning not as mere appetizer for a main course of Halo , but a major franchise in its own right .
Gears is also an important symbol when it comes to the 360 ’s graphical capabilities , showing that regardless of any Sony exec smack talk , the system can most certainly bring on the next gen beauty , or should we say destroyed beauty ?
2. Mass Effect
When sci - fi nerds are looking for a new gaming console , which do they choose ?
The one with the best space opera to be found in videogames of course !
BioWare has given gamers an expertly crafted world that feels like an established sci- fi franchise that has already existed for generations .
There have been rumblings of the series coming to the PS3 , seeing as EA is the new owner of BioWare , but Senior Manager at the Vancouver Developer , Matt Attwood , has said that current plans to port the sequel only go as far as the PC .
When it comes to the growing North American RPG market it ’s quite clear that some of the strongest titles can only be found on the 360 .
1.Halo 3
The most horrid example possible , one that will twist the gut of any PS3 fan reading this .
For even the name Halo is but a revolting curse in the world of PlayStation fandom , and to have any love for Master Chief is to in effect harbor warm feelings towards the entire Xbox brand that he so symbolically represents .
Sony fans can deny it all they want , but the Halo series remains one of the most influential console FPS games of our time and is arguably the main reason that the 360 exists today .
Given the difference that Halo has made , and success it has brought to all things Xbox , there ’s no reason why PS3 fans would not wish for an alternative history where Sony got a hold of Bungie ’s masterpiece instead of Microsoft .
You will never get a Sony fanboy to even acknowledge the prominence or quality of the Halo series , but we all know that it would have flourished on any system .
Now do n’t get all upset PS3 fans , because you ’ve already had your moment to shine .
Also , any of you 360 owners feeling a bit cocky right now should go look at the previous article for some humbling revelations .
Thanks for reading our two - part flame war inducing series !
Adobe has released a security bulletin today , APSB08 - 11 , to address multiple vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player 9.0.115.0 and earlier , and 8.0.39.0 and earlier , that could lead to the potential execution of arbitrary code remotely .
Additionally the update includes DNS rebinding attack and cross-domain policy countermeasures .
It is strongly recommended to update to the newest Adobe Flash Player version , 9.0.124.0 !
Please , check your current Adobe Flash Player version on the " about " page ( before and after applying the update ) , and run the test with all your Web browsers , such as IE ( ActiveX control ) , Firefox and Safari .
Each browser may have access to a different version and require a separate installation method .
Specific instructions to update each OS and / or browser are available here , and remember you may require administrative access to your computer and restart your browser .
If you are a developer , check Adobe 's warning about potential compatibility issues introduced by this update :
Due to the possibility that these security enhancements and changes may impact existing Flash content , content developers are advised to review this March 2008 Adobe Developer Center article to determine if the changes will affect their content , and to begin implementing necessary changes immediately to help ensure a seamless transition .
CVE's : CVE -2007-5275 , CVE -2007-6243 , CVE -2007-6637 , CVE-2007-6019 , CVE-2007-0071 , CVE-2008 -1655 , CVE-2008 -1654
--
Raul Siles
www.raulsiles.com
