In Jacksonville , Fla. , a man took a near - fatal step into oncoming traffic .
Surveillance video shows he was hit by a car , then tossed into the air like a rag doll .--
Videotape of a Tennessee man surviving a collision with a car in February , was released recently .
The scene was captured by cameras on a JTA bus in February .
Jacksonville Beach police Sgt. Thomas Bingham said the man got off the bus , walked around the back and darted into oncoming traffic .
The car hit Shaun Mills , throwing him about 15 feet forward onto the street .
He was severely injured , but survived and spent several weeks at Brooks rehabilitation center .
Attempts to reach Mills were unsuccessful .
The cameras were installed on many JTA buses last year .
The driver who hit Mills was not charged since Mills ran into the vehicle 's path , Bingham said .
This tax trick is based on a popular assumption that businesses can just raise prices whenever they want to .
But a well - run business is already charging what they should charge for their product or service .
If they have room to raise prices they should already have done so .
But of course doing so this will cause them to lose sales to competitors .
Taxes are on profits , and profits are calculated at the end of a tax year by adding up all the revenue and subtracting all the costs .
When a product or service is sold the company does n't really know yet how much profit , if any , it will have at the end of the year , so it does n't know what the tax will be , so how can it adjust prices ?
But if a company was able to just raise prices based on anticipation of profits , then the result would be that profits would be higher because of the higher price charged , which means taxes would be even higher , so the company should have raised prices even more , but that means the profit would be even higher , so they have to go back and charge more , but then ...
I think you are starting to see how silly this idea of raising prices to cover taxes can get .
About those competitors - if one company is doing well and therefore making a profit , and another company is not doing so well , and therefore not making as much profit , and the first company raises prices to cover the taxes on the profit , then the second company has a price advantage so the first company loses sales and is n't going to have a profit after all so they really should put the prices back down , but then the other company 's price advantage goes away and they are making a profit again so they should raise prices but ...
Hey , this just gets silly , too !
Companies do not pass on taxes to their customers .
So do n't fall for this tax trick , it 's just silly .
This post originally appeared at Campaign for America 's Future ( CAF ) at their Blog for OurFuture as part of the Making It In America project .
I am a Fellow with CAF .
Sign up here for the CAF daily summary .
My friend ( Sunny ) is an artist .
She writes and paints and makes beautiful , whimsical dresses out of found objects and magic .
One of my favorite dresses of hers is the red poppy dress and I wanted it the first time I saw it but I knew I ’d never get it .
For one thing , it ’s not sensible .
It ’s impractical .
It ’s bright red and vibrant and shocking and “ inappropriate for a woman my age ” .
And I have no shoes to go with it .
And I have no place to wear it .
And I want it .
I want , just once , to wear a bright red , strapless ball gown with no apologies .
I want to be shocking , and vivid and wear a dress as intensely amazing as the person I so want to be .
And the more I thought about it the more I realized how often we deny ourselves that red dress and all the other capricious , ridiculous , overindulgent and silly things that we desperately want but never let ourselves have because they are simply “ not sensible ” .
Things like flying lessons , and ballet shoes , and breaking into spontaneous song , and building a train set , and crawling onto the roof just to see the stars better .
Things like cartwheels and learning how to box and painting encouraging words on your body to remind yourself that you ’re worth it .
And I am worth it .
And last week …?
… I got my red dress .
I did n’t have shoes , or a party to wear it to , or even a valid excuse to own it , but I had the dress .
And it was everything I thought it would be .
But here ’s the thing … you are worth it too .
Which is why this week the red dress will begin a journey , traveling from city to city so that other people can wear it and love it and feel as special and vivid and dynamic as they already are .
Because sometimes we all need a little red dress to remind us of that .
So today , think about what it is you need and were too embarrassed to ask for .
And then go fucking do it .
Wear a ball gown to the grocery store .
Invite the neighbors to have a picnic on the front lawn .
Get that novel out of your sock drawer and publish it yourself .
Stand on a bus stop bench and belt out a song for the waiting strangers .
Find a playground swing and remember how it felt to fly .
Find your red dress .
And wear the hell out of it .
The Devil - and - the - Details :
This dress was custom - made by Sunny Haralson of Rubypearl and was specially made for this project .
Photographs taken by the amazing Karen Walrond , a woman who knows me so well that she ’s become unfazed when asked to meet me in a graveyard with her camera and bail money .
( She * did * hesitate briefly when I mentioned that I ’d be in my pajamas and that I ’d have to get naked in the graveyard because I can’t actually put on the dress without someone cinching me up but then she just sighed and nodded and reminded herself to renew her license to practice law . )
Click here for her whole set .
Also , I ’m bringing the traveling red dress to Blogher in August so if you ’re going to be there and you want to get photographed in it then just come find me .
It ’s totally worth it .
And so are you .
Comment of the day ( although you should really read all of them because you people are fucking amazing ) : I can only hope like the “ Traveling Pants ” , the “ Traveling Red Dress ” is magic enough to make it fit my size 18 self by mere magic .
Honestly , being able to see it .. to touch it and be near it will be enough to prove I will be living my own Red Dress moment .
I ’m going to Blogher !
I ’m going to fly ( !!! ) to New York in 70 days and I ’m completely and utterly terrified .
But I ’m doing it anyway dammit !
This is a nerve - racking trip for most people , but for me ?
It ’s so much more than that .
For me , this trip will be a catalyst to take my life back from the ruthless clutches of agoraphobia .
Sort of extreme exposure therapy .
Today I ca n’t drive to the next town on my own , I ca n’t be alone at home , I ca n’t even take my daughter to the beach .
I ’m so much better than the housebound puddle I was 10 years ago , but I ’m stuck .
I ’m so tired of CAN’T .
In 70 days though ( god help me ) , I CAN and I WILL .
That red dress ?
Home plate .
The finish line .
And also new beginning .
Thank you .
~ Karen
Updated :
The red dress has traveled to so many women celebrating miracles and overcoming struggles but this is a favorite .
Also wonderful ?
It ’s a good kind of weird .
Wear the hell out of it .
Fighting cancer with friends .
No mirrors necessary .
Jami , celebrating an amazing , personal transformation .
A summary .
There are tons of other stories … women bringing the red dress to retirement homes or to dying friends or just wearing it to celebrate life .
It ’s a good thing .
Vivid , wonderful and amazing .
Just like the women inside .
UPDATED 2012 : The red dress is now years old and is a bit tattered but it ’s still filled with magic and is currently on the road visiting people who need some magic in their lives .
Ideally , we would have 15 red ball - gowns in various sizes all traversing the globe at the same time but I just ca n’t afford it .
If your company is interested in donating red ball gowns , just drop me an email at advertising ( at ) thebloggess.com .
Now that Operation Rescue has succeeded in its years - long mission to shut down Dr. George Tiller 's clinic , it is launching a new campaign :
Operation Rescue 's Abortion Whistleblowers Campaign , which is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of abortionists who are breaking the law , is in full swing and taking to the radio waves , the Internet , and direct mail to advertize the project .
...
" We are also looking into other violations that directly endanger the lives of women , including sex crimes , the concealment of child sex abuse , unlicensed workers , improper handling of controlled substances , chemical impairment , illegal abortions , falsification of medical records , and other abuses , " said [ Operation Rescue President Troy ] Newman .
We saw how this strategy played out in Kansas , with tragic consequences .
Operation Rescue collects " evidence " of wrongdoing by abortion providers .
It then lobbies law enforcement to investigate the " evidence . "
In the case of Dr. Tiller , the organization found its ally in Phill Kline , now under investigation for ethics violations , who spent years investigating and intimidating Dr. Tiller and his clinic .
Dr. Tiller was tried and acquitted of all charges , but that did n't stop Operation Rescue from continuing to claim that Dr. Tiller had performed illegal abortions .
When the law fails to hold abortion providers accountable for performing a legal medical procedure , Operation Rescue supplies information to an extremist who appears willing to take the law into his own hands , as Scott Roeder did .
In his murder trial , Dr. Tiller 's assassin , Scott Roeder , claimed that his decision to murder Dr. Tiller was , in part , a result of the unsuccessful prosecution of Dr. Tiller .
Roeder testified he was " very frustrated " by Tiller 's acquittal , saying it " seemed like that was the last attempt by the state of Kansas to find if there was anything at all going on illegally in George Tiller 's clinic . " ...
Roeder said that through the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue he learned that Tiller took measures to protect himself -- traveling in an armored car , using a security escort , wearing a bulletproof vest and living in a gated community .
But of course , when the next vigilante terrorist takes the law into his own hands , Operation Rescue will surely claim shock that its extremism could lead to tragedy .
Keep it classy , " lifers . "
Posted by John , April 22nd , 2010 - under Poverty , Single mothers .
Tags : Fighting back
From Helen Said , single mother activist
Single mothers are being singled out for poverty .
The Council of Single Mothers and their Children ’s Action Group is planning a Protest Against Poverty at 11 am on Thursday 6th May in the Bourke Street Mall , Melbourne , beside the “ big ( empty ! ) purse ” .
The protest coincides with Mothers Day shopping madness and participants can dress for the theme “ Mothers Day breakfast in bed . ”
Some single mothers plan to shake the empty breakfast tray and bang pots and pans outside exclusive Bourke Street department stores .
Welfare to Work legislation and changes to the Child Support Payment formula , introduced by the Howard Government in 2006 , have impoverished many single mother families .
Under Welfare to Work , women who separated from their partners after July 2006 are put on New Start rather than Parenting Payment and classed as “ Job Seekers with a part time work requirement ” .
New Start is a lesser payment with a lower earning threshold before payments start being reduced .
As “ Job Seekers ” , single mothers are forced to either work or search for work 52 weeks of the year , even if they satisfy Centrelink work requirements .
There are no aftercare or holiday programs for secondary school children , which means that children as young as eleven are being forced to fend for themselves whilst Mum is pressured to work , under threat of losing her benefits .
If a single mother does n’t find a permanent job with paid holiday breaks it is technically illegal for her to take a holiday with her children .
Some Centrelink officials even tell mothers to apply for jobs in country towns from their camping tents !
The only way a single mother on income support can take a break from the part time work / jobsearch treadmill , for her own health and wellbeing , is to apply for an exemption , usually by getting a doctor to declare that she is suffering from an anxiety related medical condition .
My own observation as an activist , witnessing the increased pressures on single mothers , is that the “ happy housewife pills ” of the 1960 ’s are set to become the “ post - separation medication ” of the new century .
New Child Support rules reduce the amount of money single mothers receive from their children ’s fathers if the children spend increased time with Dad .
This has led to a rash of vindictive court cases where disinterested and even violent fathers vie for increased contact with their children to reduce their Child Support bills , even if they do n’t contribute to child rearing expenses .
Worse still , the court process now favours granting increased access to fathers , through regarding the safety of the child , and the right of the child to spend time with both parents , as equally paramount .
Thus Family Court mediators and psychologists often pressure women to grant more access to fathers rather than making the child ’s safety absolutely paramount .
One Anglo - Australian child psychologist even brushed aside an Islamic divorcee ’s concerns about sending her children to their violent father by quoting from the Koran , in her report to the Family Court , to excuse a man who beats his wife .
There are now penalties for mothers who cannot prove assertions of violence against their former partners .
Government reports indicate that this system has left more children at risk , but there is unlikely to be any legislative changes before the next election .
All of these changes have increased the amount of litigation and Centrelink harassment newly separated single mothers face , placed our children at risk and drastically lowered our living standards .
I estimate that my own family is $ 1000 per month worse off because of this Howard Government legislation , the “ Work Choices ” for single mothers .
ACOSS now describes single mothers and our children as “ Australia ’s poorest families ” and estimates that half of all single mother families seek assistance in paying utilities bills .
Since the introduction of Welfare to Work , The Council of Single Mothers and their Children has noted a sharp increase in demand for food vouchers , assistance with back to school expenses and shelter for homeless families .
Welfare to Work treats single mothers as a reserve army of labour , forcing us to take up menial jobs during labour shortages and granting us “ retraining opportunities ” when times are tough .
Through classifying single mothers as Job Seekers , the nexus between single mother benefits and pension status has been all but broken , hence the government ’s decision to deny single mothers the last pension increase in favour of these elusive “ retraining opportunities ” .
My own experience of such “ retraining ” , after spending ten years at home with a special needs child , was a seven week “ taster course ” in teachers aide training accompanied by an empty promise of a traineeship , when in fact underfunded schools are forced to advertise that “ junior wages apply ” and reject older applicants .
After lobbying from unemployed students , the “ taster course ” was then followed by the offer of a free Cert III course from the Australian Education Industry Centre , which itself received no government funding , and consequently went into receivership half way through our course .
This left many single mothers , older job seekers , disabled job seekers and new immigrants in limbo , back at the mercy of the Centrelink sausage machine .
As the Rudd Government has retained this punitive legislation , and has n’t addressed our retraining needs , single mothers are now in a desperate financial situation .
We have been left with no choice but to take to the streets and protest against this government ’s policies during an election year .
In its latest latest 10 - K ( via Dealbook ) Goldman Sachs ( GS ) writes :
“ The financial crisis and the current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount of adverse press coverage , as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or elected officials .
“ Press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing , regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made , often results in some type of investigation by regulators , legislators and law enforcement officials , or in lawsuits . "
In other words , pesky gadflies like anonymous bloggers , Rolling Stone critics , and New York Times journalists are hurting the company .
ALMATY ( Reuters ) - Scientists in mainly Muslim Kazakhstan have come up with an instant test for the presence of pork in food , a popular newspaper reported on Monday .
The plastic - stick test detects food molecules that are found only in pork , which is forbidden by Islam but is easily found in the Central Asian state , Megapolis weekly said .
“ It ’s no secret that some chefs cheat and add pork to beef to make the dish cheaper , ” the newspaper wrote on Monday , saying the practice was widespread in Kazakhstan .
“ When you get your beef patty , cut off a couple of small pieces and drop them in a glass of water .
Stir , shake , put the test stick in ...
In a minute or two you will see the result . ”
Megapolis said it was unclear when the test , in which the stick changes color as in a pregnancy test , would become widely available .
Environmental Management in Australia , 1788 - 1914 : guardians , improvers and profit : an introductory survey
I was born in Australia and grew up in a small town not far from a State Capital .
I had relatives who still worked in agriculture and my family came from living on the land .
Accordingly I grew to love this land and never felt right about the love of all things English .
Somehow ( perhaps ever since the days of MacArthur ) we have had an element of leadership in Australia that regards Australia as ( variously or in combination ) something to be tamed , something to be conquered , something to exploit .
Clearly our colonial origins have shaped our " Anglo centrism " .
While everyone and everything exploits its environment even the early Governors of Australia lamented the sorts of extreme exploitation which seems to have set the pace for the rich and famous in Australia permanently .
I often wonder if the decimation of the Aboriginal people may perhaps be explained as a way of getting rid of the earliest protesters against this .
Certainly even significant figures in the early colony such as Surveyor General Augustus Alt and " Baron " Ferdinand von Meuller were dismayed at the things they witnessed in the early 18th century .
Things just do n't seem to have changed ....
Powell , J. M. ( 1976 ) .
By the way , have you checked out the Basic Instructions free Android app yet ?
Chez Scheme Version 8.0 Release Notes
Copyright © 2010 Cadence Research Systems
All Rights Reserved
March 2010
1. Overview
This document outlines the changes made to Chez Scheme for Version 8.0 since Version 7.4 , most of which are focused on converting Chez Scheme into an implementation of the new Scheme standard described in the Revised6 Report on Scheme .
Version 8.0 is available for the following platforms .
The Chez Scheme machine type ( returned by the machine - type procedure ) is given in parentheses .
Linux x86 , nonthreaded ( i3le ) and threaded ( ti3le )
Linux x86_64 , nonthreaded ( a6le ) and threaded ( ta6le )
MacOS X x86 , nonthreaded ( i3osx ) and threaded ( ti3osx )
MacOS X x86_64 , nonthreaded ( a6osx ) and threaded ( ta6osx )
MacOS X PowerPC , nonthreaded ( ppcosx ) and threaded ( tppcosx )
Windows x86 , nonthreaded ( i3nt ) and threaded ( ti3nt )
OpenBSD x86 , nonthreaded ( i3 ob ) and threaded ( ti3 ob )
OpenBSD x86_64 , nonthreaded ( a6 ob ) and threaded ( ta6 ob )
FreeBSD x86 , nonthreaded ( i3 fb ) and threaded ( ti3 fb )
FreeBSD x86_64 , nonthreaded ( a6 fb ) and threaded ( ta6 fb )
OpenSolaris x86 , nonthreaded ( i3s2 ) and threaded ( ti3s2 )
OpenSolaris x86_64 , nonthreaded ( a6s2 ) and threaded ( ta6s2 )
Solaris 32 - bit Sparc , nonthreaded ( sps2 ) and threaded ( tsps2 )
Solaris 64 - bit Sparc , nonthreaded ( sp64 ) and threaded ( tsp64 )
This document contains three sections describing significant ( 1 ) functionality changes , ( 2 ) bugs fixed , and ( 3 ) performance enhancements .
A version number listed in parentheses in the header for a change indicates the first minor release or internal prerelease to support the change .
Many other changes , too numerous to list , have been made to improve reliability , performance , and the quality of error messages and source information produced by the system .
More information on Chez Scheme and Petite Chez Scheme can be found at http://www.scheme.com, and extensive documentation is available in The Scheme Programming Language , 4th edition ( available directly from MIT Press or from online and local retailers ) and the Chez Scheme Version 8 User 's Guide .
Online versions of both books can be found at http://www.scheme.com.
2. Functionality Changes
2.1 . Experimental library - group form ( 8.0 )
A library - group form combines multiple libraries and possibly a top - level program into a single compilation unit .
This permits various optimizations , like procedure inlining , to occur across library boundaries , which can improve the speed of the generated code significantly depending on the amount of interaction between the procedures in the libraries .
The library - group form also simplifies the packaging of applications structured as multiple libraries in that it eliminates the need to distribute libraries separately from the application .
A library - group form contains a sequence of libraries followed optionally by a top - level program :
( library - group library - form ... )
( library - group library - form ... import - form body - form ...)
An include form can be used to insert one or more of the library forms from a file , and an include form can be used to bring in the top - level program portion of the form as well .
This feature is experimental and might be replaced with some other mechanism or altered significantly in future releases .
2.2. import - notify parameter ( 8.0 )
When the new parameter import - notify is set to a true value , import displays messages to the console - output port as it searches for the file containing each library it needs to load .
The default value of this parameter is #f .
2.3 . Library inspection procedures ( 8.0 )
Several new procedures are available for inspecting libraries :
( library - list ) returns a list of the names of the loaded libraries ;
returns a list of the names of the loaded libraries ; ( library - exports library - reference ) returns a list of the exports of the specified library ;
returns a list of the exports of the specified library ; ( library - requirements library - reference ) returns a list of the libraries required by the specified library ;
returns a list of the libraries required by the specified library ; ( library - version library - reference ) returns the version of the specified library ; and
returns the version of the specified library ; and ( library - object - filename library - reference ) returns a string identifying the file that contains the object code for the specified library , if it was loaded from or compiled to an object file .
2.4. compile - program return value ( 8.0 )
compile - program now returns a list of libraries directly invoked by the compiled top - level program .
When combined with library - requirements and library - object - filename , this can be used to determine the set of files that need to be distributed with the compiled program file .
2.5. apropos- list , apropos , and library exports ( 8.0 )
The apropos - list and apropos procedures produce additional information identifying matching identifiers from loaded libraries .
The list returned by apropos - list can include both symbols representing matching identifiers in the interaction environment ( as before ) and ( now ) associations from library names to lists of symbols representing the identifiers that match in that library .
The information printed by apropos contains the same information .
2.6 . Automatic library compilation ( 8.0/7.9.4 )
When the new parameter compile - imported - libraries is set to #t , the expander automatically calls compile - library on any imported library before it loads it from the file system , as described in the entry below .
The default initial value of this parameter is #f .
It is set to #t via the command - line option -- compile - imported - libraries .
Starting in Version 8.0 , when compile - imported - libraries is #t , a library implicitly loaded via an import form is recompiled even when an object file is present and not older than the source file , if a library the object file depends upon has been or must be recompiled .
2.7 . FreeBSD x86_64 support ( 8.0 )
Support for running Chez Scheme under FreeBSD on the x86_64 architecture has been added .
The nonthreaded version uses the machine type " a6 fb , " and the threaded version uses the machine type " ta6 fb . "
2.8 . OpenSolaris x86/x86_64 support ( 8.0 )
Support for running Chez Scheme with 32 - bit pointers on the i386 architecture or 64 - bit pointers on the x86_64 architecture under OpenSolaris has been added , with machine types i3s2 ( 32 - bit ) , a6s2 ( 64 - bit ) , ti3s2 ( 32 - bit threaded ) , and ta6s2 ( 64 - bit threaded ) .
C code intended to be linked with these versions of the system should be compiled using the Gnu C compiler 's - m32 or - m64 options as appropriate .
2.9 . New and improved pathname operations ( 8.0/7.9.4 )
The new procedure path - absolute ?
returns #t if its pathname argument is absolute ; otherwise , it returns #f .
The new procedures path - first and path - rest return the first component of a pathname and the remaining components of the pathname respectively .
For example , ( path - first " a /b/ c " ) returns " a " and ( path - rest " a / b/ c " ) returns " b/ c " .
For pathnames that start with a root directory ( including drives and shares under Windows ) , home directory ( e.g. , ~ / abc or ~user / abc ) , or a reference to the current or parent directory ( . or .. ) , the first component is that directory .
The existing procedures path - last , path - parent path - root , and path - extension have been made more sensitive to the overall structure of a pathname to avoid giving nonsensical or ambiguous results .
2.10 .
Unicode path names in Windows ( 8.0/7.9.4 )
Support for Unicode path names under Windows has been added .
This affects file open operations such as open - file - input - port or load , as well as filesystem operations such as delete - file , file - access - time , file - exists ? , mkdir , and directory - list .
Support for the Windows \\ ?\ prefix has also been added where it was not previously working , e.g. , in path - parent and related routines , in file - exists ?
and related routines , and in directory - list .
2.11 . Library directories and extensions ( 7.9.4/7.9.3 )
The parameter library - directories determines where the files containing library source and object code are located in the file system , and the parameter library - extensions determines the filename extensions for the files holding the code .
The values of both parameters are lists of pairs of strings .
The first string in each library - directories pair identifies a source - file root directory , and the second identifies the corresponding object - file root directory .
Similarly , the first string in each library - extensions pair identifies a source - file extension , and the second identifies the corresponding object - file extension .
The full path of a library source or object file consists of the source or object root followed by the components of the library name prefixed by slashes , with the library extension added on the end .
For example , for root / usr / lib / scheme , library name ( app lib1 ) , and extension .sls , the full path is / usr / lib / scheme / app/lib1.sls .
The initial values of these parameters are shown below .
( library - directories ) ( ( " . " . " . " ) )
( library - extensions ) (( ".chezscheme.sls " . " .chezscheme.so " )
( " .ss " . " .so " )
( " .sls " . " .so " )
( " .scm " . " .so " )
( " .sch " . " .so " ) )
As a convenience , when either of these parameters is set , any element of the list can be specified as a single source string , in which case the object string is determined automatically .
For library - directories , the object string is the same as the source string , effectively naming the same directory as a source - and object - code root .
For library - extensions , the object string is the result of removing the last ( or only ) extension from the string and appending " .so " .
The library - directories and library - extensions parameters also accept as input strings in the format described below for the -- libdirs and -- libexts command - line options .
The -- libdirs and -- libexts options can be used to set library - directories and library - extensions parameters from the command line .
The format of the arguments to these options is the same : a sequence of substrings separated by a single separator character .
The separator character is a colon ( : ) , except under Windows where it is a semi-colon ( ; ) .
Between single separators , the source and object strings , if both are specified , are separated by two separator characters .
If a single separator character appears at the end of the string , the specified pairs are added to the existing list ; otherwise , the specified pairs replace the existing list .
The parameters are set after all boot files have been loaded .
If no -- libdirs option appears and the CHEZSCHEMELIBDIRS environment variable is set , the string value of CHEZSCHEMELIBDIRS is treated as if it were specified by a - - libdirs option .
Similarly , if no -- libexts option appears and the CHEZSCHEMELIBEXTS environment variable is set , the string value of CHEZSCHEMELIBEXTS is treated as if it were specified by a - - libexts option .
These parameters are consulted by the expander when it encounters an import for a library that has not previously been defined or loaded .
By default , the expander searches for the library source or object file in each pair of root directories , in order , trying each of the source extensions then each of the object extensions in turn before moving onto the next pair of root directories .
( If the library name forms an absolute pathname , the library source and object directories are ignored . )
If the expander finds a source file before it finds an object file , it loads the corresponding object file if the object file exists and is not older than the source file .
Otherwise , the expander loads the source file .
An exception is raised during this process if a source or object file exists but is not readable or if an object file cannot be created .
When the parameter compile - imported - libraries is set to #t , the library - loading process is modified as follows .
If a source file is encountered and the corresponding object file does not exist , or if a source file is encountered and the corresponding object file is older , the source file is compiled via compile - library to define the library and produce the corresponding object file .
( Since a library contained within a library file is defined merely by compiling the file , the resulting object file is not loaded .
This eliminates the cost of loading the object file and recomputing the transformer expressions , but it does mean that any initialization expressions in the object file outside of a library form are not evaluated .
If such expressions are present , it 's better to compile and load files explicitly to make sure they are evaluated when desired .
On the other hand , such expressions can also cause portability problems , so it 's even better to include only library forms in library files .
)
Otherwise , the object file is loaded .
If the object file depends on some library that has been or must be recompiled , the source file is recompiled via compile - library to ensure that the library is propery affected by any changes in the libraries it depends upon .
Whenever the expander determines it must compile a library to a file or loads one from source , it adds the directory in which the file resides to the front of the source - directories list while compiling or loading the library .
This allows a library to include files found in or relative to its own directory .
2.12 .
New top - level begin semantics ( 7.9.4 )
Groups of definitions within a top - level begin are now treated in a manner similar to lambda , library , and top - level program bodies .
This eliminates some ordering constraints on definitions appearing within a top - level begin expression .
For example :
( begin
( define - syntax a ( identifier - syntax 3 ) )
( define x a ) )
and
( begin
( define x a )
( define - syntax a ( identifier - syntax 3 ) ) )
are now equivalent .
Similarly , the begin form produced by a use of :
( define - syntax define - constant
( syntax - rules ()
[ ( _ x e )
( begin
( define t e )
( define- syntax x ( identifier - syntax t ) ) ) ] ) )
and the begin form produced by a use of :
( define - syntax define - constant
( syntax - rules ()
[ ( _ x e )
( begin
( define - syntax x ( identifier - syntax t ) )
( define t e ) ) ] ) )
are equivalent .
More generally , this reduces the difference between groups of forms wrapped in a top - level begin form and groups of forms appearing with a lambda , library , or top - level program body , making it easier to write code or macros that expand into code that operates correctly in all contexts .
2.13 .
New foreign - data manipulation routines ( 7.9.4 )
Four new procedures have been added for manipulating foreign data : foreign - alloc , which allocates a block of memory outside of the Scheme heap , foreign - free , which frees a block previously allocated by foreign - alloc , foreign - set ! , which writes a new value to a foreign memory location , and foreign - ref , which reads a value from a foreign memory location .
The type of data written or read from a foreign memory location is specified by a type symbol , one of the machine - dependent " C " types short , unsigned - short , int , unsigned , unsigned - int ( an alias for unsigned ) , long , unsigned - long , long - long , unsigned - long - long , char , wchar , float , double , iptr ( an integer the size of a pointer ) , uptr ( an unsigned integer the size of a pointer ) , or void * ( an alias for uptr ) ; one of the fixed - sized types double - float , single - float , integer - 8 , unsigned - 8 , integer - 16 , unsigned - 16 , integer - 32 , unsigned - 32 , integer - 64 , or unsigned - 64 ; or one of the additional types boolean ( a zero or nonzero int on the C side , #f or #t on the Scheme side ) or fixnum ( an iptr limited to fixnum range ) .
The new procedure foreign - sizeof can be used to determine the size ( in bytes ) of a foreign type .
It accepts a symbolic type argument and returns the size as an exact nonnegative integer .
2.14 . Extended foreign - procedure types ( 7.9.4 )
The set of foreign - procedure and foreign - callable argument and result types has been extended to include all of the types listed above for foreign - ref and foreign - set ! .
That is , to the set supported by previous versions , Version 8.0 adds short , unsigned - short , long - long , unsigned - long - long , char , wchar , float , double , void* , integer - 8 , unsigned - 8 , integer - 16 , and unsigned - 16 .
It also makes integer - 64 and unsigned - 64 available even on 32 - bit machines .
Version 8.0 also adds ptr as an alias for scheme - object .
A set of new types for passing Scheme bytevectors and strings between Scheme and C have been added : u8 * , u16 * , u32 * , utf - 8 , utf - 16le , utf - 16be , utf - 32le , and utf - 32be .
The types u8 * , u16 * , and u32 * are used to pass or return the address of a bytevector 's data from Scheme to C or to pass or return a null - terminated string of 8- , 16 - , or 32 - bit integers from C to Scheme .
Null termination is required only when passing or returning data from C to Scheme and is used to determine the length of the returned sequence of integers .
Going the other direction , if the receiving C code requires the data to be null - terminated , the null terminator should be included explicitly in the bytevector .
Because Scheme bytevectors and strings can include zero elements , it is often better to pass the length as an explicit additional argument .
The types utf - 8 , utf - 16le , utf - 16be , utf - 32le , and utf - 32be are used to pass Unicode strings between C and Scheme .
When going from Scheme to C , the Scheme string is converted to a Scheme bytevector , using the appropriate conversion with the appropriate null terminator , and a pointer to the bytevector 's data is passed to C .
When going from C to Scheme , the value should be a null - terminated sequence of 8- , 16 - , or 32 - bit integers and is converted via the appropriate conversion to a Scheme string .
The old string type is now an alias for utf - 8 .
While previous releases did not allow string to be used as a foreign - callable return type , Version 8.0 allows string and all of the other bytevector and string types to be used as foreign - callable return types .
Because the C code receives a pointer into a Scheme object , and Scheme objects can be moved or destroyed , with their storage reclaimed for other purposes by the Scheme garbage collector , the C code should not retain pointers it receives via any of the bytevector and string types after it returns to or calls into Scheme .
A new wstring type has also been added and is an alias for utf - 16le , utf - 16be , utf - 32le , or utf - 32be depending on the size of a C wchar_t and the endianness of the host machine .
The valid set of result types also still includes void .
In an incompatible change from previous prereleases , bytevectors are no longer permissible as string inputs , and bytevectors are no longer implicitly null terminated .
2.15 . UTF - 16LE , UTF - 16BE codecs and changes to utf - 16 - codec ( 7.9.4 )
Support for UTF - 16LE and UTF - 16BE codecs has been added .
The procedure utf - 16 le - codec returns a codec that can be used to read or write files in the little - endian form of UTF - 16 , with no byte - order mark ( BOM ) , and the procedure utf - 16 be - codec returns a codec that can be used to read or write files in the big-endian form of UTF - 16 , also with no BOM .
For the UTF - 16 codec returned by utf - 16 - codec , Version 8.0 handles byte - order marks differently from earlier prereleases .
First , Version 8.0 emits a BOM just before the first character written to a port transcoded with a transcoder based on the UTF - 16 codec .
For textual ports created via transcoded - port , the BOM appears at the beginning of the underlying data stream or file only if the binary port passed to transcoded - port is positioned at the start of the data stream or file .
Second , when the system can determine that a transcoded port is positioned at the start of a data stream or file , it automatically positions the port at the start of the data beyond the BOM when an attempt is made to reposition the port at the beginning of the file , so that the BOM is preserved .
Finally , for input - output ports , the BOM is not emitted if the file is read before written , and a BOM is not looked for if the file is written before read .
The utf - 16 - codec procedure can now be called with an optional argument that specifies the default endiannes .
The argument defaults to the symbol big but can also be the symbol little .
The codec returned by ( utf - 16 - codec ' little ) behaves just like its statndard counterpart , but if no BOM is present when the file is first read , the file is assumed to be encoded in little - endian format rather than big-endian format .
This allows programs to read files claimed to be Unicode files but actually encoded in UTF - 16LE with no BOM , while still handling those that might have BOMs .
It also allows programs to create BOM - prefixed files that use little - endian rather than the default big-endian format .
2.16 . Support for non-Unicode character sets ( 7.9.4 )
Support for handling non-Unicode character sets has been added .
For non-Windows systems that provide built - in support for iconv and for Windows systems upon which an iconv dynamic - link library ( DLL ) can be loaded , the iconv-codec procedure takes a string naming a code page and returns a codec that can be used as the basis of a transcoder used to transcode files or convert between bytevectors and strings .
The set of supported code pages depends on the version of iconv available ; consult the iconv documentation or use the shell command iconv -- list to obtain a list of supported code pages .
Two additional procedures are available under Windows .
The procedure multibyte -> string is a wrapper for the Windows API MultiByteToWideChar function .
It takes a code - page identifier and a bytevector containing a sequence of multibyte characters and converts them to a Scheme string containing the corresponding sequence of whole characters .
Similarly , string -> multibyte is a wrapper for the Windows API WideCharToMultiByte function .
It takes a code - page identifier and a string and returns a bytevector containing a sequence of the corresponding multibyte characters .
A code -page identifier is an exact nonnegative integer or one of the symbols cp-acp , cp-maccp , cp-oemcp , cp-symbol , cp - thread - acp , cp-utf7 , or cp-utf8 , which have the same meanings as the like - named API constants .
2.17 . New current - transcoder parameter ( 7.9.4 )
The new parameter current - transcoder , which defaults to the value of ( native - transcoder ) , determines the transcoder used when textual files are opened by operations for which an explicit transcoder is not specified , e.g. , open - input - file , open - output - file , load , compile - file , and include .
2.18 .
New transcoder ?
predicate ( 7.9.4 )
The new procedure transcoder ? , which should be standard but is not , returns #t if its argument is a transcoder and #f otherwise .
2.19 .
New port and file operations ( 7.9.4 )
The new procedure file - port ?
returns true if its port argument is a file port , which includes any port based directly on an O/S file descriptor ( e.g. , one created by open - file - input - port , open - output - port , open - fd - input - port , etc. , but not a string port ) .
The new procedure port - file - descriptor returns the file descriptor assocated with a file port .
The new procedure get - mode retrieves the permissions on the file named by its string argument and returns them as a exact integer in the same form as the mode argument to chmod .
If the optional follows ?
argument is supplied and is #f , If follow ?
is specified and #f , symbolic links are not followed ; othewise , they are followed .
Three procedures have been added to allow the times recorded for a file to be retrieved :
file - access - time , which returns a time record representing the time of last access of a file ,
, which returns a time record representing the time of last access of a file , file - modification - time , which returns a time record representing the time of last modification to a file , and
, which returns a time record representing the time of last modification to a file , and file - change - time , which returns a time record representing the time of last change to a file , which might include a change in permissions .
Each of these takes a string pathname or file port .
Each also takes an optional follow ?
argument , as for get - mode .
The follow ?
argument is ignored when the first argument is a port .
2.20 . Console error port ( 7.9.4 )
The new parameter console - error - port determines the port to which conditions and other messages are displayed by default - exception - handler , which is initial value of the base - exception - handler parameter that determines how uncaught exceptions are handled .
When the system determines that the standard output and standard error streams are directed to the same place ( tty / console , file , pipe , etc. ) the initial value of this parameter is the same as the initial value of console - output - port .
Otherwise , the initial value of this parameter is a different port tied to the standard error stream of the Scheme process .
The initial value of current - error - port is the same as the initial value of console - error - port .
2.21 . Debug changes ( 7.9.4 )
The continuation of a failed assert or a call to assertion - violation , assertion - violationf , error , errorf , or syntax - error is now included within the conditions they pass to raise .
Conditions encapsulating raise continuations ( conditions of type &continuation ) can also be created explicitly by the procedure make - continuation - condition .
The predicate continuation - condition ?
returns #t if its argument is a continuation condition , and the procedure condition - continuation returns the continuation encapsulated within a continuation condition .
When the default exception handler is invoked with any serious or non-warning condition , including one that encapsulates a continuation , it displays the condition and also saves it for possible later use by the debugger in the debug - condition parameter .
The debug procedure in turn allows the condition and / or the continuation encapsulated within it to be inspected .
In previous prereleases , the continuation made available to the debugger was the continuation of the call to the default exception handler , but this is often the wrong continuation .
For example , if a guard has caught and reraised the exception , perhaps after performing some clean - up action like closing a file , the continuation is that of the raise call in the guard , not of the original raise .
Ordinarily , the user must type debug explicitly to enter the debugger and inspect the last debug condition or its continuation .
If , however , the parameter debug - on - exception is set to #t , the default exception handler directly enters the debugger , from which the continuation ( control stack ) of the exception can be inspected .
The - - debug - on - exception option may be used to set debug - on - exception to #t from the command line , which is particularly useful when debugging scripts or top - level programs run via the -- script or -- program options .
2.22 .
More programmer control over collection ( 7.9.4 )
The storage manager now gives the programmer more control over the garbage collector .
First , the collect procedure allows the programmer to specify the target generation for each collection , and even cause objects to be collected into a static generation previously used only when compacting the heap .
Second , collect - maximum - generation is now a parameter that can be used to alter the number of generations used by the collector .
Third , bytes - allocated now takes an optional generation argument that can be used to monitor generation sizes .
When called without arguments , collect behaves as it did before .
That is , it collects generations g and younger every rg times it is called , where r is the value of the parameter collect - generation - radix .
The target generation into which generations g and younger are collected is g + 1 , except when g is the maximum nonstatic generation , in which case the target generation is g itself .
( Younger generations have lower numbers , with generation 0 being the youngest generation into which objects are placed when they are created . )
When called with one argument , which must be a generation g in the range 0 through m , where m is the maximum nonstatic generation , the oldest generation collected is g .
The target generation is g for the maximum nonstatic generation and g + 1 otherwise .
In previous releases , the oldest generation collected might be greater than g , if the older generation would ordinarily have been collected the next time g is collected .
When called with two arguments , the first , g , determines the oldest generation to be collected , as if only one argument were provided .
The second , gtarget , determines the target generation .
When g is the maximum nonstatic generation , gtarget must be g or the symbol static .
Otherwise , gtarget must be g or g +
1 .
When the target generation is the symbol static , all data in the nonstatic generations are moved to the static generation , from which objects are never collected .
This is primarily useful after an application 's permanent code and data structures have been loaded and initialized , to reduce the overhead of subsequent collections .
The procedure collect - maximum - generation is now a parameter .
When called without arguments , it returns the current maximum nonstatic generation .
This is a change from previous releases , in which ( collect - maximum - generation ) returns a number one greater than the maximum nonstatic generation , i.e. , the number assigned to the static generation .
A more significant change is that collect - maximum - generation can now also be used to change the number of generations .
When called with one argument , g , which must be an exact integer in the range 1 through 254 , collect - maximum - generation changes the maximum nonstatic generation to g .
When set to 1 , only two nonstatic generations are used ; when set to 2 , three nonstatic generations are used , and so on .
When set to 254 , 255 nonstatic generations are used , plus the single static generation for a total of 256 generations .
Increasing the number of generations effectively decreases how often old objects are collected , potentially decreasing collection overhead but potentially increasing the number of inaccessible objects retained in the system and thus the total amount of memory required .
Finally , the bytes - allocated procedure now takes an optional generation argument , which must be an exact nonnegative integer no grater than the value of ( collect - maximum - generation ) or the symbol static .
When a generation argument is supplied , bytes - allocated reports the number of bytes allocated in that generation , rather than the total number of bytes allocated in all generations .
This information might be used to help guide an adaptive collection strategy based on the sizes of the generations .
2.23 .
New system querying procedures ( 7.9.4/7.5 )
The procedure scheme - version - number returns three exact nonnegative integer values : the major version number , the minor version number , and the sub - minor version number .
For example , in Chez Scheme Version 7.9.4 , ( scheme - version - number ) returns the three values 7 , 9 , and 4 .
The procedure scheme - version returns a string that identifies the system ( Petite Chez Scheme or Chez Scheme ) and version number .
The procedure petite ?
returns #t when called in Petite Chez Scheme and #f when called in Chez Scheme
The procedure threaded ?
returns #t when called in a threaded version of Chez Scheme and #f otherwise .
The procedure get - process - id returns the process id of the process .
It is the same for all threads running in the same process in threaded versions of Chez Scheme .
The procedure get - thread - id returns the Chez Scheme thread id for the current thread .
It is different for each thread and is not related to the process id or any other O/S process or thread id .
2.24 .
New date / time conversion procedures ( 7.9.4 )
The new procedures date -> time - utc and time - utc - > date convert between time objects with type time - utc and date objects .
2.25 . New sleep procedure ( 7.9.4 )
The sleep procedure takes a time object with type time - duration , which can be created using make - time , and causes the invoking thread to suspend operation for at least the amount of time indicated by the time object , unless the process receives a signal that interrupts the sleep operation .
The actual time slept depends on the granularity of the system clock and how busy the system is running other threads and processes .
2.26 . Profile palette change ( 7.9.4 )
Profile palettes must now contain three or more ( rather than two or more ) entries .
The first entry is used for unprofiled code , the second for unexecuted profiled code , and the remainder for executed profiled code .
By default , a black background is used for unprofiled code , and a gray background is used for unexecuted profiled code , while background colors ranging from purple to red are used for executed profiled code , depending on frequency of execution , with red for the most frequently executed code .
2.27 .
New gensym printing option ( 7.9.4 )
When the parameter print - gensym is set to pretty / suffix , the printer prints the gensym's " pretty " name along with a suffix based on the gensym's " unique " name , separated by a dot ( " . " ) .
If the gensym 's unique name is generated automatically during the current session , the suffix is that portion of the unique name that is not common to all gensyms created during the current session .
Otherwise , the suffix is the entire unique name .
( define g1 ( gensym ) )
( define g2 '#{g0 qlw4di6s4woz0sy -0} )
g1 #{g0 ql8sto9wbe3de7u-0}
g2 #{g0 qlw4di6s4woz0sy-0}
( print - gensym ' pretty / suffix )
g1 g0.0
g2 g0.qlw4di6s4woz0sy -0
This new option is particularly useful as alternative to the pretty option for programs that generate many gensyms with the same pretty name , by calling gensym with a string argument , e.g. , ( gensym " x " ) , as illustrated below .
( print - gensym ' pretty / suffix )
( map gensym ( make - list 5 " x " ) ) ( x.0 x.1 x.2 x.3 x.4 )
2.28 . Compile - time Values and Properties ( 7.9.4 )
Two mechanisms are now available for attaching information to identifiers in the compile - time environment : compile - time values and compile - time properties .
These mechanisms are useful for communicating information between macros .
For example , a record - definition macro might use one of these mechanisms to store information about the record type in the compile - time environment for possible use by record definitions that define subtypes of the record type .
A compile - time value is a kind of transformer , created with the procedure compile - time - value , that can be associated with an identifier via define - syntax , let - syntax , letrec - syntax , and fluid - let - syntax .
When an identifier is associated with a compile - time value , it cannot also have any other meaning , and an attempt to reference it as an ordinary identifier results in a syntax error .
A compile - time property , on the other hand , is maintained alongside an existing binding , providing additional information about the binding .
Properties are ignored when ordinary references to an identifier occur .
Compile - time properties are defined with define - property , which is a definition and can appear wherever any definition can appear .
The mechanisms used by a macro to obtain compile - time values and properties are similar .
In both cases , the macro's transformer returns a procedure p rather than a syntax object .
The expander invokes p with one argument , an environment - lookup procedure lookup , which p can then use to obtain compile - time values and properties for one or more identifiers before it constructs the macro's final output .
lookup accepts one or two identifier arguments .
With one argument , id , lookup returns the compile - time value of id , or #f if id has no compile - time value .
With two arguments , id and key , lookup returns the value of id 's key property , or #f if id has no key property .
2.29 .
New define - values syntax ( 7.9.4 )
The new define - values form can be used to define multiple variables to the multiple values produced by an expression .
( define - values formals expr ) is similar to ( define var expr ) except that the left - hand side is structured as a lambda formals list .
It evaluates expr and binds the variables specified by formals to the resulting values .
2.30 . create - exception - state procedure ( 7.9.4 )
The new procedure create - exception - state creates an exception state whose stack of exception handlers is empty except for , in effect , an infinite number of occurrences of a given handler at its base .
If no handler is supplied , a handler that invokes the value of the base - exception - handler parameter is used .
2.31 .
New environment - mutable ?
predicate ( 7.9.4 )
The new procedure environment - mutable ?
accepts one argument , an environment .
It returns #t if the environment is mutable , otherwise #f .
The new syntactic form with - interrupts - disabled is identical in syntax and behavior to the existing critical - section form .
While the critical - section is still supported , it may be removed in a future release , because it does not actually provide a critical section when multiple native threads are used in threaded versions of the Chez Scheme .
Rather , as the new name suggests , the form disables interrupts , which are per-thread , but when used in one thread has no affect on what other threads can do .
2.33 . custom - port - buffer - size parameter ( 7.9.4 )
A new parameter , custom - port - buffer - size , has been added .
This parameter controls the sizes of the buffers associated with custom ports .
The initial value is currently 128 .
The new procedure make - boot - file is used to combine a set of source and object files into a boot file .
The procedure takes an output filename , a list of strings naming base boot files , and zero or more input filenames .
It writes to the output file a boot header naming the base boot files ( as with make - boot - header ) followed by the object code for each input file .
If an input file is not already compiled , make - boot - file compiles the file as it proceeds .
If the list of strings naming base boot files is empty , the first named input file should be a base boot file , i.e. , petite .
boot or some boot file derived from petite .
boot .
If no input files are specified , make - boot - file creates a boot header ; thus , make - boot - file subsumes the functionality of make - boot - header .
2.35 . Expression editor enabled for scripts ( 7.9.4 )
For scripts that call new - cafe , the expression editor is now used unless it has been disabled via the -- eedisable command - line option .
The history file is not read until the first call to the prompt - and - read procedure installed by the expression editor .
2.36 . Windows heap search path ( 7.9.4 )
Within a heap - search path under Windows , the two - character sequence %x now expands into the executable 's directory , and the default heap - search path now consists only of %x .
The system thus looks for boot files only , by default , in the same directory as the executable .
The registry key HeapSearchPath in HKLM \SOFTWARE \Chez Scheme \csvversion , where version is the Chez Scheme version number , e.g. , 7.9.4 , can be set to override the default search path , and the environment variable SCHEMEHEAPDIRS can be set to override both the default and the registry setting , if any .
2.37 . New ( chezscheme ) and ( chezscheme csv7 ) libraries ( 7.9.4/7.9.3 )
The new ( chezscheme ) library is identical to the existing ( scheme ) library , and the new ( chezscheme csv7 ) library is identical to the existing ( scheme csv7 ) library .
The new names can be used to make clear that Chez Scheme extensions are involved .
2.38 .
Procedures for manipulating top - level keyword bindings ( 7.9.4/7.9.3 )
The new procedure define - top - level - syntax , which accepts a symbol representing a keyword , a transformer , and an optional environment defaulting to the current interaction environment , can be used to establish a top - level keyword binding in an interactive environment , just as define - top - level - value can be used to establish a top - level variable binding .
The new procedure top - level - syntax , which accepts a symbol and an optional environment , can be used to retrieve the transformer associated with a keyword in an environment .
The new procedure top - level - syntax ? , which accepts a symbol and an optional environment , can be used to ask whether an identifier represented by a symbol is bound as a keyword in an environment .
2.39 .
Compiling and loading programs and libraries ( 7.9.4/7.9.3/7.5 )
New procedures for compiling and loading programs and libraries have been added .
compile - program is similar to compile - script but differs in that it implements the semantics of RNRS top - level programs , while compile - script implements the semantics of the interactive top - level .
The resulting compiled program will also run faster than if compiled via compile - file or compile - script .
load - program is similar to load but also differs in that it implements the semantics of RNRS top - level programs .
compile - library and load - library are identical to compile - file and load except they treat the input file as if prefixed by an implicit #!r6rs , disabling any Chez Scheme lexical extensions , such as explicit vector lengths .
More precisely , Chez Scheme lexical extensions can be used within a library compiled or loaded with these procedures only if the #!
chezscheme marker appears before the first use of those extensions .
2.40 . #! fold -case and #!no-fold- case ( 7.9.3 )
The reader now recognizes two new comment directives , analogous to the existing #!r6rs and #!chezscheme directives .
If #! fold - case has been seen ( more recently than #! no - fold - case ) in an input stream , subsequent reads from port are case - insensitive , i.e. , symbols and character names are case - folded , as if by string - foldcase .
If #! no - fold - case has been seen ( more recently than #! fold - case ) in an input stream , subsequent reads from the port are case - sensitive .
If neither has been seen in an input stream , case - sensitivity is determined as before by the case - sensitive parameter , whose value defaults to #t .
The case sensitive parameter is not consulted if either #! fold - case or #! no - fold - case has been seen .
#! fold - case , #! no - fold - case , and case - sensitive are all ignored when vertical bars or slashes ( excluding Unicode hex escapes ) are seen .
Like #!r6rs and #!chezscheme , #! fold - case and #!no - fold - case do not require delimiting , so #! fold - caseaBc reads as the symbol abc .
2.41 . New -- optimize - level command - line option ( 7.9.3 )
The new -- optimize - level option sets the initial value of the optimize - level parameter to 0 , 1 , 2 , or 3 .
The value is 0 by default .
2.42 . file - buffer - size parameter ( 7.9.3 )
A new parameter , file - buffer - size , has been added .
This parameter controls the size of a buffer used when a file is opened with anything by buffer mode none .
The default value of this parameter is currently set at the minimum of 4096 and the value of the underlying operating system 's stdio BUFSIZ constant .
2.43 . current - exception - state parameter ( 7.9.3 )
The new current - exception - state may be used to save and later restore the state of the exception system .
2.44 . fork - thread and multiple values ( 7.9.3 )
fork - thread now permits its thunk argument to return zero values or more than one value .
2.45 . system return value ( 7.9.3 )
The system procedure , which runs a command in a newly forked process and waits for it to terminate , now raises an exception if the subprocess creation fails , if the exit status of the forked process cannot be determined , or if the forked process is terminated by a signal .
Otherwise , it returns the exit status of the child process .
2.46 . abort optional argument ( 7.9.3 )
The abort procedure now takes an optional argument , like exit , that may be used to specify the exit code for the Scheme process .
2.47 . New inspector commands ( 7.9.3 )
The interactive inspector now supports reset ( r ) and abort ( a ) commands , which may be used to reset to the current REPL or abort from the system .
For characters and strings , the interactive inspector also supports a new unicode command that displays the Unicode scalar values of the character or string elements .
2.48 . inspect / object extensions ( 7.9.3 )
The continuation and code inspector - object source - path message now returns a position as well as a file name if the file name is known but the ( unmodified ) file can not be found .
Previously , it returned a single value in this case , the file name .
2.49 . New I/O procedures and support for nonblocking I/O ( 7.9.3 )
New input procedures get - string - some , get - string - some ! , and get - bytevector - some !
have been added .
get - string - some is like the R6RS get - bytevector - some but operates on textual input ports and returns a string rather than a bytevector .
get - string - some ! and get - bytevector - some !
are like the R6RS get - string - n! and get - bytevector -n! except they may return less than the requested count .
The new procedures put - string - some and put - bytevector - some are like put - string and put - bytevector except they do not guarantee to write the entire string or bytevector , and they return a count of the actual number of elements written .
The procedure set - port - nonblocking !
may be used to put a port into nonblocking mode .
When a port is in nonblocking mode , get - string - some may return an empty string , get - bytevector - some may return an empty bytevector , and get - string - some ! and get - bytevector - some !
may return 0 , in each case indicating that no input is available , i.e. , an attempt to read would block .
Similarly , put - string - some and put - bytevector - some may return 0 , indicating that an attempt write to the port would block .
The procedure port - nonblocking ?
may be used to determine if a port is in nonblocking mode .
The predicates port - has - port - nonblocking ??
and port - has - set - port - nonblocking !?
return #t if the nonblocking status of a port may be queried or set and #f otherwise .
They should be called before attempting to use the set - port - nonblocking !
or port - nonblocking ?
procedures .
2.50 .
Expression editor delimiter handling ( 7.9.3 )
The expression editor no longer changes the corresponding close delimiter when an open delimiter is inserted into existing code , since this often led to surprising results .
2.51 . file - directory ?
and file - exists ?
change under Windows ( 7.9.3 )
The file - directory ?
and file - exists ?
predicates now return #t under Windows for existing drive names like c : , mounted volumes like // server / mount , and directories specified with ( or without ) a trailing slash ( and regardless of whether forward or backward slashes are used ) .
2.52 . R6RS ( 7.9.2 )
( Initial support was included in Version 7.9.1 . )
Version 8.0 implements the entire language of the Revised6 Report on Scheme ( R6RS ) and associated libraries , including all of the syntactic requirements and each export of the standard libraries , namely :
( rnrs )
( rnrs arithmetic bitwise )
( rnrs arithmetic fixnums )
( rnrs arithmetic flonums )
( rnrs base )
( rnrs bytevectors )
( rnrs conditions )
( rnrs control )
( rnrs enums )
( rnrs eval )
( rnrs exceptions )
( rnrs files )
( rnrs hashtables )
( rnrs io ports )
( rnrs io simple )
( rnrs lists )
( rnrs mutable - pairs )
( rnrs mutable - strings )
( rnrs programs )
( rnrs r5rs )
( rnrs records procedural )
( rnrs records syntactic )
( rnrs records inspection )
( rnrs sorting )
( rnrs syntax - case )
( rnrs unicode )
Top - level programs are supported via the -- program command - line option , i.e. , the shell command :
scheme -- program pathname
runs the top - level program contained in the file named by pathname .
To create an executable R6RS top - level program on Unix - based system , insert :
#! /usr/bin/scheme -- program
at the front of the top - level program ( adjusting the path for scheme or replacing scheme with petite as appropriate ) and give the file execute permissions .
To make use of existing executable top - level programs containing the " shebang " line
#! /usr/bin/env scheme-script
recommended by R6RS nonnormative appendix D.1 , create a copy or symbolic link of the Scheme executable to scheme - script and copies or symbolic links of the " scheme " or " petite " boot file to scheme - script.boot .
Place the former somewhere in the path searched by /usr / bin/env and the latter in a standard directory for Chez Scheme boot files , e.g. , the same place where scheme .
boot and / or petite .
boot already reside .
( This may already be done as part of the installation process . )
2.53 . Interaction environment and R6RS ( 7.9.2 )
The default interaction environment used for any code that occurs outside of an R6RS top - level program or library ( including such code typed at the REPL or loaded from a file ) contains all of the bindings of the ( scheme ) library ( or scheme module , which exports the same set of bindings ) .
This set contains a number of bindings that are not in the R6RS libraries .
It also contains a number of bindings that extend the R6RS counterparts in some way and are thus not strictly compatible with the R6RS bindings for the same identifiers .
To replace these with bindings strictly compatible with R6RS , simply import the rnrs libraries into the interaction environment by typing the following into the REPL or loading it from a file :
( import
( rnrs )
( rnrs eval )
( rnrs mutable - pairs )
( rnrs mutable - strings )
( rnrs r5rs ) )
To obtain an interaction environment that contains all and only R6RS bindings , use the following .
( interaction - environment
( copy - environment
( environment
'( rnrs )
' ( rnrs eval )
'( rnrs mutable - pairs )
'( rnrs mutable - strings )
' ( rnrs r5rs ) )
# t ) )
The read - eval - print loop ( REPL ) and files loaded using load or included using include also support various Chez Scheme lexical extensions , by default .
To disable these extensions , #!r6rs can be inserted at the front of a file to be loaded or included or before the start of an expression typed into the REPL .
The #!r6rs mode is implicit for libraries loaded as a result of an import form and for R6RS top - level programs .
To enable Chez Scheme extensions in libraries and R6RS top - level programs , the prefix #! chezscheme can be used .
To be useful for most purposes , library and import should probably also be included , from the ( scheme ) library .
( interaction - environment
( copy - environment
( environment
'( rnrs )
' ( rnrs eval )
'( rnrs mutable - pairs )
'( rnrs mutable - strings )
' ( rnrs r5rs )
'( only ( scheme ) library import ) )
# t ) )
It might also be useful to include debug in the set of identifiers imported from ( scheme ) to allow the debugger to be entered after an exception is raised .
Most of the identifiers bound in the default interaction environment that are not strictly compatible with the R6RS are variables bound to procedures with extended interfaces , i.e. , optional arguments or extended argument domains .
The others are keywords bound to transformers that extend the R6RS syntax in some way .
This should not be a problem except for R6RS programs that count on exceptions being raised in cases that coincide with the extensions .
For example , if a program passes the = procedure a single numeric argument and expects an exception to be raised , it will fail in the initial interaction environment because = returns #t when passed a single numeric argument .
The procedures that are not strictly compatible include the following , which return #t for one argument ( while the R6RS versions require two or more ) :
< , <= , = , > , >= , char<=? , char <? , char= ? , char >=? , char >? , string <=? , string <? , string= ? , string >=? , string >? , char-ci<=? , char-ci<? , char-ci= ? , char -ci >=? , char-ci >? , string - ci<=? , string - ci<? , string - ci= ? , string - ci>=? , string - ci >? ;
the following , which are extended to accept zero or more arguments :
fx * , fx+ , exit ;
the following , which is extended to accept one or more arguments :
fx - ;
the following , which allow radixes 3 , 5 - 7 , 9 - 15 , and 17 - 36 :
string -> number , number -> string ;
the following , which accepts either one or two arguments and allows the first argument to represent a definition :
eval ;
the following , for which the argument is optional and defaults to the current output port :
flush - output - port ;
the following , which are parameters and thus may be used to alter the encapsulated value :
command - line , current - error - port , current - input - port , current - output - port ,
standard - error - port , standard - input - port , standard - output - port ;
the following , which accept an " options " symbol or list :
call - with - input - file , call - with - output - file , open - input - file , open - output - file ,
with - input - from - file , with - output - to - file ;
and the following , which accept optional arguments :
delete - file , dynamic - wind , file - exists ? , record ? .
The only keyword that is not strictly compatible is syntax - rules , which allows fenders .
For details on the ( scheme ) library versions of these procedures and syntactic forms , see the Chez Scheme Version 7 User 's Guide .
2.54 . Incompatible Changes ( 7.9.2 )
Although we have strived to maintain backward compatibility with earlier versions of Scheme wherever possible , the following incompatible changes have been made to support R6RS .
The reader now recognizes R6RS hex Unicode escapes in characters , strings , and symbols .
In some cases , characters , strings , and symbols containing next Unicode escapes would have parsed as some different character , string , or symbol .
The setting of ( case - sensitive ) is now #t by default , so the case is distinguished in symbols and character names .
is now by default , so the case is distinguished in symbols and character names .
The C function Sstring_value has been eliminated because strings are no longer represented as byte strings but rather using an internal representation that supports Unicode .
Routines that accepted Scheme strings as arguments and treated them as nul - terminated byte strings should instead be passed Scheme bytevectors instead .
Bytevectors are nul - terminated ( with the nul byte being stored in the first byte beyond the last element of the bytevector and not counted in the length ) , and the address of the start of a bytevector 's data can be obtained with Sbytevector_data , which is analogous to the old Sstring_value .
has been eliminated because strings are no longer represented as byte strings but rather using an internal representation that supports Unicode .
Routines that accepted Scheme strings as arguments and treated them as nul - terminated byte strings should instead be passed Scheme bytevectors instead .
Bytevectors are nul - terminated ( with the nul byte being stored in the first byte beyond the last element of the bytevector and not counted in the length ) , and the address of the start of a bytevector 's data can be obtained with , which is analogous to the old .
For any foreign - procedure argument declared as a string , a bytevector or a string may be passed .
If a bytevector is passed , the foreign procedure receives the address of the first byte of the bytevector .
Bytevectors are nul - terminated as described above to facilitate the use of bytevectors as arguments to foreign procedures that expect nul - terminated strings .
If a string is passed , it is copied to a freshly allocated bytevector ( since strings are no longer represented internally as byte arrays ) using the equivalent of string -> utf8 .
Modifications of the object by the foreign procedure affect the freshly allocated bytevector only and are not reflected back to the original string .
In most cases , it is preferable to pass bytevectors rather than strings to avoid the copying overhead and so that modifications made by the foreign procedure are visible to the caller .
Even when the argument is represented by a string in Scheme and no modifications are made by the foreign procedure , it may still be appropriate for the caller to convert the string to a bytevector explicitly when the implicit UTF - 8 conversion is not appropriate .
, a bytevector or a string may be passed .
If a bytevector is passed , the foreign procedure receives the address of the first byte of the bytevector .
Bytevectors are nul - terminated as described above to facilitate the use of bytevectors as arguments to foreign procedures that expect nul - terminated strings .
R6RS does not treat complex numbers with inexact zero ( +0.0 or - 0.0 ) imaginary parts as real numbers , nor does it treat infinities and nans as rational numbers .
Thus , integer ? , rational ? , and real ?
now return #f for complex numbers with inexact zero imaginary parts , while integer ?
and rational ?
now return #f for +inf.0 and - inf.0 , rational ?
now returns #f for +nan.0 .
Correspondingly , procedures that accept only integer , only rational , and only real arguments now reject those that no longer qualify as integer , rational , or real .
or ) imaginary parts as real numbers , nor does it treat infinities and nans as rational numbers .
Thus , , , and now return for complex numbers with inexact zero imaginary parts , while and now return for and , now returns for .
Correspondingly , procedures that accept only integer , only rational , and only real arguments now reject those that no longer qualify as integer , rational , or real .
Binary data ( bytes ) cannot be read from or written to textual ports , and textual data ( characters ) cannot be read from or written to binary ports .
Source ( textual ) and compiled ( binary ) code can thus no longer be loaded from the same file .
Similarly , ( binary ) fasl data can no longer be combined with textual data , and fasl data must be read with fasl - read , not read .
The port argument of fasl - write must now be a binary output port and is no longer optional , since there is no current binary output port .
Applications requiring the mixing of textual and binary data should use a binary port and convert the portions of the file representing textual data to and from characters or strings using an appropriate conversion procedure .
It is is also possible , when the textual portions are represented using characters in the Latin - 1 character set , to open the port as a textual port using a transcoder constructed from the latin - 1 codec with eol - style none , then convert the binary portions to and from bytes using char -> integer and integer -> char .
, not .
The port argument of must now be a binary output port and is no longer optional , since there is no current binary output port .
The ordering of old and new ids in the module import rename syntax is now old first , new second to match the import syntax for libraries .
and ids in the module syntax is now first , second to match the syntax for libraries .
The letrec and letrec* forms assume the continuations of right - hand - side expressions are invoked at most once .
and forms assume the continuations of right - hand - side expressions are invoked at most once .
The ( scheme ) library and default interaction - environment bindings for record - type - descriptor , record - type - field - names , record - type - name , and record - type- mutable ?
have their R6RS semantics , which conflicts with the old Chez Scheme semantics .
Bindings for these identifiers that are compatible with the old Chez Scheme semantics , along with bindings for the related procedures record - field - accessible ? , record - field - accessor and record - field - mutator , as well as record - type - symbol and record - type - field - decls , which have all been superseded by R6RS versions , are available only in the ( scheme csv7 ) compatibility library .
library and default interaction - environment bindings for , , , and have their R6RS semantics , which conflicts with the old semantics .
Bindings for these identifiers that are compatible with the old semantics , along with bindings for the related procedures , and , as well as and , which have all been superseded by R6RS versions , are available only in the compatibility library .
The error - handler and warning - handler parameters have been eliminated because their semantics are in direct conflict with the R6RS exception handling mechanism .
and parameters have been eliminated because their semantics are in direct conflict with the R6RS exception handling mechanism .
The ( scheme ) library and thus interaction - environment binding for error is compatible with the R6RS error , which means the second argument is not treated as a format string .
When the argument is a format string , use errorf instead , which is like error except the second argument is treated as a format string ( and the additional arguments as arguments to be consumed while formatting ) .
For consistency , the same change has been made for warning , and the corresponding procedure warningf has also been added .
Similarly , the new procedure assertion - violationf is like the R6RS assertion - violation but treats its second argument as a format string .
library and thus interaction - environment binding for is compatible with the R6RS error , which means the second argument is not treated as a format string .
When the argument is a format string , use instead , which is like except the second argument treated as a format string ( and the additional arguments as arguments to be consumed while formatting ) .
For consistency , the same change has been made for , and the corresponding procedure has also been added .
Similarly , the new procedure is like the R6RS but treats its second argument as a format string .
The thread - system condition ?
procedure has been renamed thread - condition ? , since the R6RS condition ?
predicate is used to test for the condition objects that are passed to exceptions .
procedure has been renamed , since the R6RS predicate is used to test for the condition objects that are passed to exceptions .
As required by R6RS , of the standard data types , only booleans , numbers , characters , strings , and bytevectors count as expressions if they are not quoted .
In particular , vectors and the empty list must be quoted .
Of the nonstandard data types , fxvectors , #!eof , and #! bwp need not be quoted .
Previously , Chez Scheme treated any unquoted value other than a pair or symbol as a literal .
, and need not be quoted .
Previously , treated any unquoted value other than a pair or symbol as a literal .
Also , as required by R6RS , the hash character ( # ) is now a delimiter , so , for example , abc#def is no longer a valid symbol .
Although some non -r6rs symbols , like 1 + , are still accepted by default on input , i.e. , except after #!r6rs , they are printed using r6rs syntax , e.g. , \x31 ; + .
In particular , while 1 + and 1 - are still defined as variables bound to increment and decrement procedures , their names print in a funny way .
2.55 . C library routines for 32 - and 64 - bit integers ( 7.9.2 )
Four new C library operators have been added for converting 32 - and 64 - bit integers from their Scheme representations :
Sinteger32_value ( x ) returns the 32 - bit integer value of the Scheme exact integer x ;
returns the 32 - bit integer value of the Scheme exact integer ; Sunsigned32_value ( x ) returns the 32 - bit unsigned integer value of the Scheme exact integer x ;
returns the 32 - bit unsigned integer value of the Scheme exact integer ; Sinteger64_value ( x ) returns the 64 - bit integer value of the Scheme exact integer x ; and
returns the 64 - bit integer value of the Scheme exact integer ; and Sunsigned64_value( x ) returns the 64 - bit unsigned integer value of the Scheme exact integer x .
An exception is raised if a 32 - bit value is not in the range - 231 through 232 - 1 or a 64 - bit values is not in the range - 263 through 264 - 1 .
Similarly , four new C library operators have been added for converting 32 - and 64 - bit integers to their Scheme representations :
Sinteger32 ( x ) ,
, Sunsigned32 ( x ) ,
, Sinteger64 ( x ) , and
, and Sunsigned64 ( x ) .
Each returns a Scheme exact integer whose value is x .
The arguments are signed or unsigned 32 - or 64 - bit C integers , as appropriate .
2.56 .
New nonstandard character names ( 7.9.2 )
The characters #
el and #\ls , representing the Unicode next - line and line - separator characters , are recognized by the reader ( except after #!r6rs ) .
2.57 . Fewer " invalid context for definition " errors ( 7.9.2 )
The expander now expands library body forms left - to - right even after discovering an apparent expression so that a spelling error in a definition keyword ( e.g. , defnie for define ) results in an " unbound identifier " error rather than an " invalid context for definition " error for some subsequent definition .
2.58 .
Windows library change ( 7.9.1/7.9.2 )
Windows builds of Chez Scheme now link against msvcr90.dll .
Static libraries built using libcmt are also available .
2.59 .
Saved heaps not currently supported ( 7.9.1 )
None of the operating systems upon which Chez Scheme runs provide the guarantees about storage allocation needed to restore a saved heap with absolute addresses , and while restoration used to work on some operating systems even without the guarantee , this is generally no longer the case as the operating systems are randomizing the addresses of data and even code for security purposes .
We are looking into ways to address this problem , including relocatable saved heaps , but for the present , support for saved heaps has been removed from the system .
2.60 .
Thread - safe console ports ( 7.9.1 )
Unbuffered file output ports are no longer thread - safe .
The default console output port remains thread - safe , however , and the default console input port is now thread - safe as well .
There is a substantial performance cost in both cases , so programs that need faster I/ O should create their own ports and either avoid using them from multiple threads or arrange for appropriate synchronization .
( This is relevant only for the threaded versions of Chez Scheme . )
2.61 . input - port - ready ? and char-ready ? ( 7.9.1 )
A new input - port - ready ?
procedure has been that is similar to the old char-ready ?
but works on both binary and textual ports .
The char -ready ?
procedure still works for textual ports .
Under Windows , these procedures properly handle files and ports , while in previous releases , char-ready ?
always returned #t .
In cases where the system cannot determine if input is ready , e.g. , for a console port that has no data already buffered , each of these procedures raises an exception so that the application can control what happens in such cases .
Thus , these procedures either ( a ) return #f if no input is ready and the port is not at end of file , ( b ) return #t if input is ready or the port is at end of file , or ( c ) raise an exception if the ready status can not be determined .
2.62 . X86_64 Support ( 7.9.1 )
Support for running Chez Scheme with 64 - bit pointers on the x86_64 architecture under Linux , MacOS X , and OpenBSD with machine types a6le , a6osx , and a6 ob for nonthreaded and ta6le , ta6osx , and ta6ob for threaded , has been added .
C code intended to be linked with these versions of the system should be compiled using the Gnu C compiler 's - m64 option , which may or may not be the default .
2.63 . Additional byte-vector operations ( 7.9.1 )
In addition to the standard R6RS bytevector operations , Chez Scheme also supports the following procedures :
( bytevector -> s8 - list bytevector ) list
( s8 - list -> bytevector s8 - list ) bytevector
( bytevector fill ... ) bytevector
where each element of s8 - list is an exact integer value ranging from - 128 through +128 and each fill is an exact integer value ranging from - 128 through +255 .
As with vectors and bytevectors , the reader allows an optional length to appear in the bytevector prefix , e.g. :
( bytevector ? # 10vu8( 0 ) )
is a bytevector containing 10 zero bytes .
( This can not be used following #!r6rs , which limits the syntax recognized by the reader to R6RS - only features . )
The read - token procedure returns token types vu8paren and vu8nparen for bytevector prefixes , analogous to the vparen and vnparen token types for vector prefixes .
The C library interface supports four new bytevector operators :
Smake_bytevector ( len , n ) , which returns a new bytevector of length len with each element set to n ;
, which returns a new bytevector of length with each element set to ; Sbytevector_u8_ref ( bv , i ) , which returns the i th byte of bv ;
, which returns the th byte of ; Sbytevector_u8_set ( bv , i , n ) , which sets the i th byte of bv to n ; and
, which sets the th byte of to ; and Sbytevector_data ( bv ) , which returns a pointer to bv 's data .
2.64 . meta-cond generalization ( 7.9.1 )
The meta - cond syntax has been extended to allow it to be used in definition contexts .
meta -cond still expands into ( void ) if no clause 's test evaluates to true and no else clause is present , however , which is not suitable in a definition context .
To avoid this problem , use an explicit else clause and expand into ( begin ) .
2.65 . Default heap / boot search path ( 7.9.1 )
The default heap and boot search path on Unix - based systems now starts with ~ / lib / csv%v / %m if the home directory can be determined .
The default heap and boot search path is still determined by a registry setting under Windows .
2.66 . Tilde - prefixed paths under Windows ( 7.9.1 )
The filename prefix ~/ now expands to the user 's home directory under Windows , as on Unix - based systems , if the HOMEDRIVE and HOMEPATH environment variables are set .
2.67 .
Months range from 1 to 12 ( 7.5 )
The month field of a date record , e.g. , one returned by current - date , runs from 1 through 12 rather than 0 through 11 , for compatibility with SRFI 19 .
2.68 . Monotonic time ( 7.5 )
Requesting monotonic no longer fails on Linux systems that do not support monotonic clocks ; on such systems , the real - time clock is now used instead .
All of the high - precision time procedures now fall back on older time mechanisms when requesting high - precision timers fails .
2.69 .
New and altered expression - editor key bindings ( 7.5 )
The expression editor now binds the common delete - key sequence ( Esc [ 3 ~ ) to ee-delete - char and escape followed by the same sequence to ee-delete - sexp .
The effect of this is that the delete key should now delete forward rather than backward .
The backspace key should still delete backward .
New bindings have also been added for the home and end keys of certain terminal emulators , including the Gnome terminal .
2.70 .
Top - level value handling ( 7.5 )
The top - level - value and top - level - bound ?
procedures now recognize as bound a variable assigned by a file compiled in one session and loaded into another session --- even if the variable was not defined .
3. Bug Fixes
3.1. assert , let - values , etc. , and pattern variables or ellipses ( 8.0 )
A bug that caused various problems when pattern variables or ellipses appeared within an assert form or within a right - hand - side of a let - values , let *- values , or define - values form has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.2 . Bug in collector handling of weak pairs ( 8.0 )
A collector bug that could result in a nonrecoverable invalid memory reference , triggered when large numbers of weak pairs are used by an application , has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.3 . Bogus clear - input and clear - output generic - port messages ( 8.0 )
The implementations of clear - input - port and clear - output - port now properly send clear - input - port and clear - output - port messages to generic ports , rather than clear - input and clear - output .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.4 . Bug current - time and current - date under Windows ( 8.0 )
The procedures current - time and current - date were improperly reporting microseconds as nanoseconds under Windows .
This bug has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.4 . ]
3.5 . Boot file use of scheme - version ( 7.9.4 )
The procedure scheme - version now works properly when called during the loading of a boot file .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.6 . Work - around for automatic margins on MacOS X Terminal ( 7.9.3 )
The expression editor disables automatic margins ( i.e. , automatic line wrapping ) when possible so it can use the last column without scrolling the display .
Unfortunately , when automatic margins are disabled in the MacOS X Terminal application , they are disabled simultaneously for all windows , not just for the current window , causing problems when the expression editor is running in one window and long lines are printed in another .
The expression editor now disables automatic margins only temporarily while writing text to the last column , reducing ( though not entirely eliminating ) the possibility that other windows are affected .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.4 . ]
3.7 . Invalid memory reference using hashtables ( 7.9.3 )
A bug that caused corruption of the heap and typically resulted in an " unrecoverable invalid memory reference " while using the R6RS eq hashtable interface has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.8 . Bug in format tabulation ( 7.9.3 )
A bug resulting in an " undefined for zero " error when the optional column width specifier in a tabulate directive is zero , e.g. , ~ 1,0@t , has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.5 . ]
3.9 . Expression editor datum comment handling ( 7.5 )
The expression editor no longer returns end - of - file for an entry containing only a single commented - out datum .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.4 . ]
3.10 .
Expression editor clipboard bug under Windows ( 7.5 )
The expression editor now properly closes the clipboard after a paste ( control - v ) operation , i.e. , no longer prevents new items from being copied to the clipboard .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.4 . ]
3.11 . Bug in ash ( 7.5 )
A bug that caused ash to return the wrong result for word - sized or greater negative ( right ) shifts of large powers of two has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.0 . ]
3.12 . Bug in inexact ( 7.5 )
A bug that could cause inexact ( aka exact -> inexact ) to improperly round an exact value halfway between two floating - point values has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 7.0 . ]
3.13 .
Bug in handling of compile ( 7.5 )
A bug in the compiler that caused it to treat the return value of compile as true in test context , no matter what it actually returns , has been fixed .
[ This bug dated back to Version 6.0 . ]
4. Performance Enhancements
4.1 . Reduced parameter overhead ( 7.9.4 )
References to locally defined parameters , including thread parameters , are now inlined , thus reducing the cost of such references .
4.2 . Reduced predicate overhead for sealed record types ( 7.9.4 )
The code generated by record - predicate for sealed record types is now more efficient than the more general code produced for non-sealed record types .
4.3 . Optimized procedural record interface ( 7.9.1/7.9.4 )
Record constructors , predicates , accessors , and mutators created with the procedural record interface are often faster than before because the compiler now tracks record - type information through to the sites where constructors , predicates , accessors , and mutators are created in order to generate specific and inlinable code for them .
The effects of this optimization can be seen with expand / optimize .
( This optimization is not performed by Petite Chez Scheme . )
Initial support for this optimization was implemented in Version 7.9.1 , with additional improvements in Version 7.9.4 .
4.4 . Reduced letrec* undefined - variable checking overhead ( 7.9.3 )
An improvement in the handling of letrec* , which also affects internal definitions , including library and top - level program definitions , causes the compiler to produce fewer checks for undefined variables .
Improvements in safe code can be substantial ( up to 15 % or so ) , but the amount of improvement is highly dependent on the structure of the code .
Unsafe code ( code compiled at optimize - level 3 ) is not affected , since these checks are not performed in unsafe code .
4.5 . Improved register assignment for x86 ( 7.9.1 )
A better choice of register assignments has resulted in measurable improvement in x86 performance .
Actual improvements differ from one program to another , and we 've seen anything from - 9 % decreases in speed to 36 % increases , with increases of 5 - 15 % appearing typical .
4.6 . Improved recursive bindings ( 7.9.1 )
Oil rig sinks in Gulf of Mexico after explosion
Seventeen of the 126 workers on the rig were airlifted to hospital
An oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico that caught fire after an explosion on Tuesday night has now sunk , the US Coast Guard has said .
A search is continuing for 11 missing workers after the blast at the Deepwater Horizon rig .
The other workers on the rig , off Louisiana , were evacuated to the US .
Concerns are rising over a potential for a major spill , with the coast guard saying the rig may be leaking 8,000 barrels of oil per day .
The rig was carrying out exploratory drilling 84 km ( 52 miles ) south - east of the Louisiana port of Venice .
The rig had been burning for 36 hours when it sank despite efforts to control the flames .
On Wednesday it had been reportedly tilting about 70 degrees and threatening to topple over .
There has been no sign of the 11 missing workers , despite rescue efforts by patrol boats through the night and an aerial search that resumed on Thursday .
Adrian Rose from Transocean , who own the rig , said those unaccounted for may have been close to the blast and unable to escape .
Carolyn Kemp , whose 27 - year old grandson is missing , said that families had been told that it was unlikely any more had survived .
" They 're assuming all those men who were on the platform are dead , " Ms Kemp told Associated Press .
" That 's the last we 've heard . "
Critically injured
The coastguard resumed an air search at dawn , with rescue teams hoping the workers had reached lifeboats .
DEEPWATER HORIZON
Designated a semi- submersible drilling unit Built in 2001 by South Korea 's Hyundai Heavy Industries Shipyard Size : 396ft ( 120 m ) long by 256ft ( 78 m ) wide Designed to operate in water depths of up to 8,000 ft Rescue crews had covered the expanse of the rig 12 times by air and five times by boat before it sunk .
Seventeen of the 126 workers were evacuated by air and sea for treatment on Wednesday .
Those injured had suffered burns , smoke inhalation and broken bones .
Four were critically injured .
Another 100 were later taken by boat to Port Fourchon where they were checked by doctors .
They were then taken to a hotel in New Orleans to be be reunited with their families .
Meanwhile , there are worries that the now submerged rig is leaking large volumes of oil into the Gulf .
Coastguard Petty Officer Katherine McNamara told Associated Press the submerged well could potentially be releasing 8,000 barrels ( 300,000 gallons ) of crude oil per day .
Rear Adm Mary Landry said crews saw an area measuring one mile by five miles ( 1.5 k m by 8 km ) of what appeared to be oil on the surface of the water .
The environmental damage would be worst if a spill were to reach the Louisiana shore , 50 miles away .
Deepwater Horizon was drilling for BP on part of the Mississippi Canyon Block 252 known as the Macondo prospect , in 1,500 m ( 5,000 ft ) of water .
Built in 2001 by South Korea 's Hyundai , the semi- submersible rig is 120 m ( 396ft ) long and 78 m ( 256ft ) wide , according to Transocean , its operators .
Transocean said there had been no signs of trouble before the explosion and crews had been doing routine work .
The dangers of working on an oil rig have declined in recent decades , but the job remains risky .
Since 2001 , there have been 858 fires and explosions in the Gulf , according to the federal Minerals Management Service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BOSTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The case against Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N over a 2007 mortgage derivatives deal it set up for a hedge fund manager could be just the start of Wall Street 's legal troubles stemming from the subprime meltdown .
People walk past revolving doors of the new Goldman Sachs Group Inc. global headquarters , also known by its address as 200 West Street , in New York 's lower Manhattan April 7 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charged Goldman GS.N with fraud for failing to disclose to buyers of a collateralized debt obligation known as ABACUS that hedge fund manager John Paulson helped select mortgage derivatives he was betting against for the deal .
Goldman denied any wrongdoing .
The practice of creating synthetic CDOs was not uncommon in 2006 and 2007 .
At the tail end of the real estate bubble , some savvy investors began to look for more ways to profit from the coming calamity using derivatives .
Goldman shares plunged 13 percent on Friday and shares of other financial firms that created CDOs also fell .
Shares of Deutsche Bank AG DB.N ended down 9 percent , Morgan Stanley MS.N 6 percent and Bank of America BAC.N , which owns Merrill Lynch , and Citigroup C.N each declined 5 percent .
Merrill , Citigroup and Deutsche Bank were the top three underwriters of CDO transactions in 2006 and 2007 , according to data from Thomson Reuters .
But most of those deals included actual mortgage - backed securities , not related derivatives like the ABACUS deal .
Hedge fund managers like Paulson typically wanted to bet against so - called synthetic CDOs that used derivatives contracts in place of actual securities .
Those were less common .
MORE LAWSUITS ?
The SEC ’s charges against Goldman are already stirring up investors who lost big on the CDOs , according to well - known plaintiffs lawyer Jake Zamansky .
“ I ’ve been contacted by Goldman customers to bring lawsuits to recover their losses , ” Zamansky said .
“ It ’s going to go way beyond ABACUS .
Regulators and plaintiffs ’ lawyers are going to be looking at other deals , to what kind of conflicts Goldman has . ”
An investigation by the online site ProPublica into Chicago - based hedge fund Magnetar ’s 2007 bets against CDO - related debt also turned up allegations of conflicts of interest against Deutsche Bank , Merrill and JPMorgan Chase .
Magnetar has denied any wrongdoing .
Deutsche Bank declined to comment .
Merrill and JPMorgan had no immediate comment .
The Magnetar deals have spawned at least one lawsuit .
Dutch bank Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A. , or Rabobank for short , filed suit in June against Merrill Lynch over Magnetar ’s involvement with a CDO called Norma .
“ Merrill Lynch teamed up with one of its most prized hedge fund clients -- an infamous short seller that had helped Merrill Lynch create four other CDOs -- to create Norma as a tailor - made way to bet against the mortgage - backed securities market , ” Rabobank said in its complaint filed on June 12 in the Supreme Court of New York .
Regulators at the SEC and around the country said they would be investigating other deals beyond ABACUS .
“ We are looking very closely at these products and transactions , ” Robert Khuzami , head of the SEC ’s enforcement division , said .
“ We are moving across the entire spectrum in determining whether there was ( fraud ) .
Meanwhile , Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said in a statement his office had already begun a preliminary review of the Goldman case .
“ A key question is whether this case was an isolated incident or part of a pattern of investment banks colluding with hedge funds to purposely tank securities they created and sold to unwitting investors , ” Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said in a statement .
Legal principle established in 1637 banned secret talks between lawyers and courts .
It was broken by the government
When the master of the rolls , Lord Neuberger , decided to retract paragraph 168 from his draft judgment in the case of Binyam Mohamed , he relied on almost 400 years of jurisprudence to assume that the parties in the case had agreed to its removal .
The case of Ship Money , brought by Oliver Cromwell 's cousin John Hampden in 1637 , established the principle that there should be no secret communication between lawyers and the courts in legal proceedings .
Representations from one side – in this case , the foreign secretary 's barrister , Jonathan Sumption QC – should be copied to all other parties in the case , so that they have the opportunity to respond .
On that basis , when Neuberger received a letter from Sumption requesting removal of the paragraph from the court of appeal draft judgment , lawyers say he must have thought he was acting with the agreement of all parties .
Neuberger removed the paragraph from the final judgment , watering down the court 's condemnation of the security services , described by Sumption as containing " exceptionally damaging criticism " .
" The master of the rolls ' observations … will be read as statements by the court that the security service does not in fact operate a culture that respects human rights or abjures participation in coercive interrogation techniques , " says Sumption 's letter , now published in full on the Guardian 's website .
But other parties in the case were not consulted and are furious .
" In all the years – I was first a government lawyer and then a liberty lawyer – I have never known the draft judgment process abused in this way , " said Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , the human rights organisation which was a party to the case .
" The purpose of using drafts is for typographical and factual corrections – minor matters such as names and dates .
" It is not to allow one party to re-run substantive arguments and tempt a court to tone down or change its judgments . "
She added : " I can't believe that the Foreign Office thought they could get away with this .
It shows the kind of contempt for the law that this case has always been about . "
" This is anti-constitutional behaviour of the most disquieting kind , " said Mark Stephens , who represented a group of American newspapers in the case and was not informed of Sumption 's letter to the court until yesterday , when the judgment had already been changed .
" In my experience of 31 years practising as a lawyer , it is unprecedented .
" This conduct has embarrassed Lord Neuberger who clearly assumed that he had received all submissions when he reached his decision to remove the judgment . "
In a remarkable series of events , Neuberger has admitted he may have been " over - hasty " to remove the findings , after the Guardian , as well as Liberty and Justice , challenged the exclusion .
" I think it was over - hasty to amend that written request of one party , without giving other parties the opportunity to reply , " said Neuberger .
Answering questions in the Commons today , the foreign secretary , David Miliband , defended the attempt to have the paragraph removed from the judgment .
" What our counsel did , once he had been provided with copy of the judgment in draft , was to express real concern that one paragraph set out conclusions that went beyond the evidence concluded and risked causing prejudice to a criminal investigation , " said Miliband .
" Our counsel took the view that this should be brought to the attention of judges in case . "
Miliband came under fire from MPs for the conduct of the Foreign Office , for attempting to have the paragraph retracted , and for the court 's findings that seven paragraphs kept secret from an earlier Binyam Mohamed judgment should also be kept secret .
The paragraphs , which have now been released , were redacted after Milliband said their publication would damage the government 's intelligence - sharing relationship with the US administration .
" Publication of the redacted paragraphs would not reveal information which would be of interest to a terrorist or criminal or provide any potential material of value to a terrorist or a criminal , " said Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge in today 's judgment .
" It increasingly appears that the issue is the control principle rather than the confidentiality of any information within the redacted paragraphs themselves . "
" This whole case was one about openness , and attempts by the government to cover - up torture instead of exposing it , " said Chakrabarti .
" The fact that even at the court door , before the ink has even dried on the court of appeal 's judgment , the government has had yet another go at a cover - up is truly remarkable . "
It does n’t matter whether your car is the soaped - up jalopy or whether it is a tumble down wreck ; here are 10 misconceptions about cars .
Some of them are serious , and some of them are still going the rounds in the humorous sections of websites pertaining to cars .
Nevertheless , here are some popular misconceptions about cars which are cleared up including ordinary cars , hybrid cars and electric cars .
1 . A car is always going to break down during an emergency :
Only in the movies !
Photo Source : eastangliaservices.co.uk
Cars definitely do not break down in an emergency unless of course your particular jalopy is on its last breath and has not been serviced .
So it is absolutely necessary that you go in for a servicing of your car as soon as possible .
2 . There are no hydrogen powered car ideas in the market : this is a misconception which is doing the rounds and is absolutely not true .
All the companies out there including Toyota , Honda , and Renault etc. are working on plans using hydrogen powered engines in the cars of the future .
They are also going through the blueprints , and you should definitely not be surprised that soon one car manufacturing company is going to come up with a hydrogen powered car , before its competitors can say Jack Robinson .
3 . Stocks of hydrogen fuel are going to get exhausted very soon : this is not true .
Photo Source : folkecenter.net
For all those people who are interested in knowing about hydrogen fuel as the future replacement for gasoline and natural gas products , there is always the fear that hydrogen supplies are also going to peter out like natural gas resources are doing .
Hydrogen is manufactured with the help of natural gas .
And there are abundant stocks of natural gas available to us .
Gasoline is manufactured from natural gas too .
In the same manner we are going to get easy access to hydrogen as a fuel in the future .
4 . A hybrid car battery does not last very long : if you do not consider an eight - year guarantee to be very long , ah well .
5 . Hybrid cars are definitely not a good buy , because they have to be plugged in : wrong !
The battery recharges the car through the spinning of the electric motor .
So the more you drive your hybrid car , the faster it gets charged .
6. Electric cars are so slow : wrong !
Thanks to their low end torque , they are definitely very fast .
Photo Source : autoshippingforu.com
7. Electric cars are unsafe : wrong !
You will not have to worry about a shock when they are being charged .
8. Charging electric cars is a hassle : no , it is extremely easy to charge them in electrical sockets of 240 volts .
Photo Source : ecoautoninja.com
9 . You can go a long way on empty : Yes !
Up to 2 gallons , thanks to the gas lines , but one would not advise it .
10 .
You can hotwire your car if you have lost your keys :
Again a movie myth !
Photo Source : frankcoles.com
The new car design does not allow you to do so .
So you definitely cannot hotwire your car , in just a couple of seconds with the clock ticking towards the destruction of the earth and the bad guys after you .
Summary :
Are you interested in some popular misconceptions about cars , whether they are of electric , hybrid or ordinary cars ?
Look at these 10 misconceptions and get your doubts cleared !
The Great Camera Shootout 2010
Zacuto Films presents ,
The Great Camera Shootout 2010 : a three part web series where gunslinging HD DSLRs face - off against the legendary 35 mm Film .
This series showcases the top performing hybrid HD - DSLR cameras of 2010 , including the Canon 5D MKII , 7D , 1D , 550D / T2i Rebel , Nikon D3s , and Panasonic GH1 and compares image quality against the gold standard .
The DSLR vs Film shootout kicks off with camera assessment tests looking at latitude .
Watch results & discussions by ASC , indie , event & convergence DP ’s at AFI & Skywalker Ranch .
Round 2 focuses on sensitivity .
And in the final episode , our showdown ends with a look at green screen , resolution , pseudo Raw , and color .
Hear discussions by top ASC and filmmakers at the Midwest Independent Film Festival Screening in Chicago .
And then , The Revolution Begins …
Recently , I ’ve been coming across a few Perl projects ( both at work , and in the wild ) that are reasonably large and complex , have test suites , but do n’t use Test : : Class .
And I really struggle to understand why .
Most of them have decent test suites , at least in terms of coverage .
But , personally , I have a hard time looking at the test files and understanding exactly what ’s going on .
Most other widely used languages have at least one class - based testing framework that is the de-facto standard , usually based around xUnit .
I find there are several benefits to using a framework like Test : : Class :
As I mentioned , it makes your tests more readable by breaking them up into methods ( I blogged a while ago about breaking them up even further for maximum readability ) .
This ensures you ’re clear about what you ’re testing in every test , and you do n’t get a really complex setup , used by a whole lot of different tests .
Not only is that difficult to read , but it quickly becomes complex to maintain , and the tests become fragile , throwing you false negatives .
Makes code - reuse easier , with inheritance ( ok , so we all use roles now , but inheritance is still better than nothing ) .
Makes it easy to setup fixtures by storing them in $ self , using setup , teardown , etc. methods , all of which encourages more code - reuse Helps with test driven development , by allowing you two map one application class to one test class , or set of classes where necessary .
You can do it with a bunch of .t scripts as well , I guess , but I usually find it easier with classes .
And many more …!
We like to have a lot of options in Perl , and I ’m fine with that , but you usually should have a good reason for deviating from the norm .
So is Test : : Class the norm ( or did I just get a bad sample ) ?
If it ’s not the standard , why is n’t it ?
It seems to have a pretty thin set of dependencies , is stable and mature code , and fits right in with Test : : Builder and friends .
In my opinion , you should use Test : : Class unless you have a damn good reason not to !
Ottawa police Chief Vern
White says he is n’t interested in giving marijuana users criminal records , and would support discussing decriminalization — with one caveat .
“ My only concern about the word ‘ decriminalizing ’ is
the suggestion to the public that ( marijuana ) is not a
dangerous drug , ” he said .
The Citizen asked White about decriminalization following a recent community meeting .
An Angus Reid poll
released earlier this month shows a majority of Canadians remain in favour of legalizing the plant .
And last Tuesday , hundreds flocked to
Parliament
Hill to smoke up in an annual ritual in support of decriminalization .
“ If this is about , ‘ we do n’t want people to have a criminal record for possession of marijuana , ’ that message is a good message , ” White said .
“ Because I do n’t want them to have a criminal record for possession of marijuana
either . ”
But the police chief said that the levels of tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) — the active ingredient in marijuana — has increased several - fold since the 1970s .
He also pointed to studies that link consumption of marijuana to the onset ofpsychoses .
A 2007 review of 35 studies found users were 41 per cent more likely to experience delusions , hallucinations or schizophrenia , though the researchers noted that the lifetime risk of contracting a chronic psychotic disorder had a probability of less than three per cent .
“ So do n’t say it does n’t hurt , ” White said .
“ It ’s like saying alcohol does n’t have a negative impact .
Of course it does .
But let ’s focus on do we want them to have a criminal record for simple possession ?
If that ’s the focus , I ’m all for that discussion .
But if it ’s around , ‘ it ’s not hurting people , ’ … I do n’t agree with that . ”
White said he believes police forces across the country would not oppose decriminalization .
“ There ’s not a police chief in the country , I think , that sits there salivating over the fact that people with simple possession charges have criminal records , ” White said .
“ I ’ll tell you the truth — most guys do n’t get charged with marijuana anyway .
Most people who have marijuana end up with it heeled into the ground , or with a verbal warning . ”
Statistics Canada figures for 2008 show that , of more than 50,100 incidents in which police encountered a cannabis possessor , police laid possession charges less than half of the time .
But in Ontario , 15,787 incidents led to 10,204 people charged .
Those under the age of 18 made up less than 20 per cent of people charged .
White said he ’s “ good ” with the 30 - gram personal amount that the federal Liberals suggested when they toyed with decriminalization , though they ultimately proposed to decriminalize a reduced amount of 15 grams .
The bill died shortly before the 2006 federal election that saw Stephen Harper ’s Conservatives take power .
The Harper government has said it does not support decriminalization .
White said anyone carrying 30 grams in pre-rolled joints or ‘ dime ’ bags would likely face trafficking charges .
A ‘ dime ’ of marijuana weighs about 0.7 grams and sells for $ 10 , though some dealers will sell whole grams for that price .
A full 30 grams bought in bulk might be had for $ 200 to $ 250 , but at that weight it would more likely be sold as an ounce — slightly more than 28 grams .
“ My support will be in having a frank discussion about whether or not we want people to have criminal records for possession of marijuana , ” White said .
tbspears@thecitizen.canwest.com
Michael Brown , the crony appointment ex-FEMA director famous for his horribly botched response to Hurricane Katrina that cost hundreds of lives , object of the infamous “ Heckuva job , Brownie ” quote from Dubya , and for being removed from his job , is now an expert on oil spills according to Fox News .
During the interview , Brown claims :
The delay was this :
It ’s pure politics .
This president has never supported big oil , he ’s never supported offshore drilling , and now he has an excuse to shut it back down .
And talking about the damage from the resulting oil slick , he added :
This is exactly what they want , because now [ Obama ] can pander to the environmentalists and say , ‘ I ’m gonna shut it down because it ’s too dangerous . ’
So according to Brown , Obama waited on purpose to respond to the oil spill in the Gulf , for political reasons .
Despite plenty of evidence that there actually was no delay .
Does this qualify him for hypocrite of the century ?
© Left Wing Conspiracy
HAVE you seen the Mushroom Man ?
No ?
Well , have you looked in the Secret Garden ?
It ’s a real place , you know , a half - hidden community garden at the corner of Linden Street and Broadway , in Bushwick , Brooklyn .
The Mushroom Man is real , too .
His name is Kendall Morrison — he ’s 47 years old and semiretired from the publishing business — and on any given weekend , you ’re likely to find him in a shady grove of silver maples , cultivating eight varieties of mushrooms .
You might not be able to tell right away what Mr. Morrison is doing .
He may be wielding a hand drill , for instance , boring holes into a salvaged oak log .
Or he may be pounding inchlong dowels into the wood with a mallet , each little peg impregnated with shiitake mushroom spawn .
“ We started right around November , ” Mr. Morrison said , referring to his 15 volunteers , “ and we have n’t stopped .
As long as we can work back there , we worked .
Even when there was snow on the ground . ”
The Portland Pirates announced their annual team award winners at the Creative Awards Team Award Ceremony following today ’s game against the Worcester Sharks at the Cumberland County Civic Center .
catch it before it slithers away !
Oh wait , it 's a tiny ad : Paul Wheaton 's keynote presentation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vZPTPIHO8w
When the world ’s largest private torrent tracker makes a drastic change to their ratio system , it ’s always big news in the BitTorrent community .
RuTracker.org ( formerly Torrents.ru ) has rolled out a new feature called the Time Bonus system which pretty much makes the whole site freeleech or ‘ almost ’ ratio free .
Up until now , Torrents .
Ru required users to maintain a minimum global share ratio if they were to survive a ban .
However under the new system , all ratio based warnings and accounts bans will cease to exist .
Ratio will essentially be replaced by time bonus points .
Time bonus points are automatically gained when you seed downloaded torrents , regardless of the actual amount of data you upload back .
This should be good news for low bandwidth users and those who struggled to maintain a healthy global ratio on this tracker .
FYI : By popular demand , we have put together a short guide for English speaking users on how to download torrents from RuTracker – continue reading for more information .
Following is a translated version of the Time Bonus explanation thread on RuTracker forums – we used Google Translate to translate the Russian version and then re-wrote it so that it made more sense – the automated translation was a little confusing :
Friends
On April 10 , 2010 , we introduce a Time Bonus system .
Created it in order to encourage users to support the distribution , leaving them seeding for as long as possible .
The system works very simply - for 3 continuous hours of seeding the same torrent you acquire 1 Time Bonus ( TB ) points .
If you seed a torrent for 6 hours you will gain 2 TB , if you seed it for 24 hours you will gain 8 TB .
The more torrents you have seeding on your computer , the more points you will gain .
You can utilize time bonus points to download additional torrents .
The more Time Bonus points you have - the greater the number of torrents you can download daily .
The rules are very simple - if you do not have any Time Bonus points - you can only download 3 torrents per day .
If you have a 5 TB - you can download one additional torrent .
If 10 – you can download 2 torrents .
15 TB means you can download three torrents .
You can see the number of Time Bonus points in your profile .
Little FAQ
1 ) How often are Time Bonus statistics updated ? -
Once a day .
2 ) What is the maximum number of torrents you can download per day ?
- 100 .
For this you have to have 500 TB .
3 ) What is the maximum number of time bonus points you can have allocated to your account ?
50 000 .
The maximum number of TB points you can earn per day is limited to 1000 .
4 ) Can I buy , sell , exchange TB ?
NO .
5 ) What about the ratio ?
RATIO CONTINUES TO BE , but limitations associated with it , will cease to exist after 18 February 2010 .
6 ) I have a lot TB , how did I get them ?
We have converted your ratio to TB points
7 ) Can you return to the ratio system and leave everything as it was ?
NOT BECAUSE RATIO IS EASILY cheated .
Bear with us if there are any mistakes in the article – no one in our team speaks Russian and Google translate was the only help we had .
If there are any corrections to be made , please post them as comments .
If you still do n’t understand the time bonus ( taymbonusov ? ) , here ’s a brief summary of how the new system works :
You can download three torrents per day for free .
Yes , the first three torrents you download each day are not bound by time bonus points requirements or ratio requirements .
bound by time bonus points requirements or ratio requirements .
If you are to download more than three torrents a day , you will need to have Time Bonus points allocated to your account .
Time bonus points are obtained by seeding downloaded torrents – you gain 1 TB for every three hours you keep a torrent seeding .
If you seed two torrents for a total of 24 hours , you will gain ( 24/3 ) * 2 = 16 Time Bonus points .
Time Bonus points .
A new torrent ( in addition to the free 3 torrents allowed per day ) will cost you 5 TB .
By looking at the explanation given by RuTracker administrators , it looks as if ratio cheating had a lot to do with the new changes .
RuTracker has nearly 5 million registered users and I ’m sure there are plenty of ratio cheaters among this user base .
But are the new changes the best way to combat ratio cheating ?
The site tracks over 800000 torrents and the removal of the ratio system may affect the health of these already indexed uploads , some of which are pretty huge .
Anyways it ’s too early to predict the success or failure of the time bonus system - hopefully , it will be a win - win situation for both end users as well as site staff .
Despite the recent changes , RuTracker continues to be an excellent BitTorrent tracker .
It has a huge collection of torrents ranging from latest scene releases to rare gems found only in the darkest corners of the internet .
And plenty of these releases are in English .
Do n’t believe us ?
Have a look at their torrent categories section below ( translated version ) :
However one of the main drawbacks with this site ( and one of the reasons it ’s relatively unpopular with international users ) is the Russian interface .
The site is completely in Russian and there is no built in option to change the language to English .
If you do n’t know Russian , you can still browse RuTracker with the help of a translation service – the section below should help international users download torrents from this awesome tracker .
Tips for English speaking users
Even if you use a translation service such as Google translate , it is likely give you trouble when it comes to logging in or downloading the .torrent file ( as these types of services seem to reset form data upon submit ) .
There are several workarounds for this problem .
Use the tracker search
Although not many are aware , RuTracker ’s BitTorrent tracker has a built in search functionality .
You can use this to your advantage and easily search for torrents you need .
Visit http://rutracker.org/forum/tracker.php.
If you are not logged in , you will be asked to log in .
Enter a search term in one of the fields and hit search .
Scroll down to find a list of results associated with the search term .
You will be able to identify most of these search results even without the help of a translator .
You will even be able to sort results by number of seeders / leechers , etc as the search is linked to the tracker .
Alternatively , you can use http://rutracker.org/forum/search.php to directly search the forums .
Browse and find the torrents
You can browse the forums through a translation service just fine – issues only arise when you try to log in .
First , you can browse a translated version of forums and find the torrent you want downloaded ( we mean the link to forum thread where torrent description is found ) ) .
You can then paste this link on a new browser window and download the torrent normally .
This way you will avoid login issues that are attributed with most translation services out there .
Step by step guide below :
Visit Yahoo !
Babelfish translation service at http://babelfish.yahoo.com
In the ‘ Translate a web page ’ field , paste http://rutracker.org/forum/index.php.
From the drop down menu choose ‘ Russian to English ’ and press translate .
Translated version RuTracker main index will load .
Do not login at this point .
Browse the threads and find the torrent you are looking for .
When you have found the correct thread , right click thread name and copy the link location .
This URL will be something like http://66.196.80.202/babelfish/translate_url_content?.intl=us&lp=ru_en&trurl=http%3a%2f%2frutracker.org%2fforum%2f.%2fviewtopic.php%3ft%3d1465304
Paste the URL in a new browser window , delete the translation related part from the link ( highlighted in bold in above link ) and press enter .
You will be prompted to login – this page will be in Russian .
When you log in , you will be taken to the torrent download page .
You can now download the torrent without issues .
How to register
If you still are n’t a member of this site , you can easily create a new account for free .
Signups for RuTracker are currently open .
Both translated and original versions of homepages and signup URLs are linked - to below .
Site Name : RuTracker ( http://rutracker.org/forum/index.php)
Translated Version of Homepage : http://bit.ly/a5TBGc
Signup URL : http://rutracker.org/forum/profile.php?mode=register
Translated Version of Signup URL : http://bit.ly/clKnFg
Related Articles
Giving graphene – atom - thick sheets of carbon – a good brush could be the key to boosting the efficiency of cheap solar cells .
US chemists have developed a novel graphene - based dye that acts as a source of photoelectrons , making it suitable for use in solar cells known as dye - sensitised solar cells ( DSSC ) – a low cost alternative to silicon ones .
They believe the dye could help boost the efficiency of such cells .
DSSCs use photosensitive solutions on a titanium - dioxide - coated surface to absorb energy from photons .
The light excites electrons in the dyes and these higher - energy electrons generate electricity .
Mind the gap
The difference between the energy level that a molecule ’s electrons normally occupy and the level they jump to when excited is known as the band gap .
The energy of the gap is measured in electronvolts ( eV ) and the optimal value for basic solar cells is 1.4 eV , says Liang - shi Li at Indiana University in Bloomington .
Advertisement
That ’s the energy of infrared photons just beyond the visible spectrum , and a molecule with such a band gap will absorb photons at this energy and most photons at higher energies , meaning the molecule will absorb most visible light to generate electricity .
“ With graphene , we have just reached that optimal value , ” says Li .
That ’s because it is easy to adjust the band gap of electrons in a graphene dye by altering the size of graphene particles used .
To achieve the ideal 1.4 eV gap , the graphene flakes in the dye must be around 2 nanometres across .
Until now , the problem has been that flakes of this size tend to clump together to form insoluble graphite .
To be any use in the solar cells , the carbon must remain as soluble graphene so it can form a dye .
Brushed surface
Li and his team found they could prevent clumping by attaching molecular “ brushes ” to each graphene flake .
Each brush contains three carbon chain “ bristles ” that meet at a central phenyl ring which chemically bonds to carbon atoms on the edge of the graphene flake .
The lack of space around the graphene forces these bristles away from the surface , which in turn prevents graphene flakes from coalescing into graphite .
Although they are chemically bonded to the flakes , “ the phenyl groups do n’t change the band gap properties of graphene ” , says Li .
They also allow the graphene to dissolve in a common organic solvent such as toluene .
When a conductive plate coated with titanium dioxide is dipped into the solution , the graphene sticks to the titanium dioxide to create the DSSC .
“ Right now our best cell with graphene has a solar - to - electricity efficiency of 2 per cent , which is a sixth of the value of the best DSSCs , ” says Li .
But he is confident of big improvements .
Efficiency drive
Craig Grimes at Pennsylvania State University in University Park has another idea , however .
He thinks that lead sulphide nanoparticles look more promising than graphene for DSSCs .
Experimental lead sulphide solar cells currently have double the efficiency of the graphene attempts .
One reason is that graphene does n’t stick readily enough to the titanium dioxide to transfer the current – to do so efficiently the molecular brushes attached to each flake must carry a carboxylic group , says Grimes .
Li agrees and says that adding carboxylic groups is a necessary next step .
He says that should be possible , and in the end this will allow graphene to outperform lead sulphide .
“ And of course lead is an environmental concern , but carbon is not , ” he says .
Journal reference : Nano Letters , DOI : 10.1021/nl101060h
Twitter is about to become a much more robust platform for doing , well , whatever it is we do on Twitter every day .
I usually call it " micro - blogging , " but it 's really so much more than that .
It 's my random thought register , a place where whatever notion is flitting through my mind no matter how brief or unusual is often delivered to an audience of 17,000 followers .
Most of the people I follow meaning those that I actually pay attention touse it in much the same way .
Yes , there are the feeds , which deliver hard news headlines , but the beauty of Twitter is what lies in between the news reports .
In any case , I keep track of all things Twitter related with TweetDeck , a desktop Twitter management utility I 've been using since 2008 .
For those unfamiliar with the Adobe Air - based app , TweetDeck , let me explain .
TweetDeck lets you customize your Twitter world in an organized , columnar view , with unfiltered Tweets from those you follow in the first column , Tweets that mention you in the second column , and Direct or private - line Tweets to you in the third .
You can add columns based on keywords , specific Twitter members , other accounts , etc .
It builds in a lot of the other third - party functions / apps you might use , such as photo uploading to Twitpic , the bit.ly URL shortener , and even Tweet translation services .
There are a ton of other features , too :
It 's a remarkably rich app .
All in all , TweetDeck is my one - stop desktop source for all things Twitter .
I almost never visit the Twitter site .
Its single - column view is way too linear for me , and I do n't like Twitter 's form of ReTweets , .
I 'm not unaware , obviously , of all that Twitter 's been doing to incorporate more powerful functions into its site .
Twitter Lists , a feature that lets you organize or " group " people you follow or , are nifty .
The new location - based service sounds great , though I 'm not a huge fan of telling people where I am all the time .
Some of the on - page pop -up information you can get for people on Twitter is pretty nice , too .
I only see these things when I manage to exceed the Twitter API rate limit on TweetDeck and it stops showing new Tweets and letting me post any of my own .
Then I grumpily march back over to Twitter .
Earlier this week , , which company execs hope will help propel the rapidly growing social networking service into financial black .
I have my doubts about the plan , which , oddly , will pull down underperforming ads .
That sounds like a fundamental misunderstanding of how marketing and advertising traditionally work .
I could be wrong ; perhaps it will be a huge success because all of the Promoted Tweets will by hyper - contextual , super real - time , and a lot more than simple brand - building messages .
We 'll see .
However , this is just phase one in what is clearly a plan to reinvent Twitter .
One of the company 's chief investors , Fred Wilson , laid it all out in horrifyingly stark terms .
Reading this post , I felt like I was sitting in the dentist 's chair and he was bending over me , drill in hand , murmuring gently , " This wo n't hurt a bit . "
In a nutshell , Wilson says that third - party companies like TweetDeck need to stop " filling holes " in Twitter and start building some innovation that leverage Twitter .
Why ?
The new Twitter will probably act a lot like TweetDeck and offer heavy amounts of information , customization , and utility all in one page .
Another article I read walks through all the third - party services likely headed to the scrap heap .
As far as Wilson is concerned , this is all good .
He likens the scenario to the way desktop publishing saved the Mac in the 1980s .
I liken it to Microsoft Windows 95 ( and subsequent OS releases ) killing the huge parts of the software and utility market in the mid-90s .
Back then , a vast army of third - party companies were all busy filling holes in the Windows platform .
They extended memory , compressed disks , managed the health of your system , etc .
This was big business .
There were also lots and lots of productivity apps .
When Windows 95 came along , it incorporated many of these third - party utility functions inside the OS .
Those companies tried to put on a brave face and said Microsoft 's entrance simply validated the market .
That was right before they went out of business .
In the word processing market , it was a combination of Microsoft 's partner connections , market strength , and product quality that did in virtually all of its competitors .
Later , Microsoft would , inadvertently I hope , kill categories simply by upgrading the OS .
When Windows XP arrived , my favorite .
I had to switch to Outlook .
Thousands of others did the same .
It 's taken years for third - party companies to remerge in these categories , and most only make it by giving away their products .
Twitter is the new Microsoft in my analogy .
Its plans will kill a lot of third - party products , and there is no guarantee that what Twitter will provide will be any better than what 's already out there .
Based on my official Twitter for Blackberry and ReTweet experiences , I think it could be worse .
But Twitter has the power .
All it needs to do is make a few subtle tweaks to the Twitter API and whichever third - party tool it wants to get rid of will stop working .
I do n't know if there 's anything I can do to stop Twitter , but I think the time is now to launch my " Save TweetDeck " campaign .
Will you join me ?
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
North Korea has hit back at Seoul by announcing it would sever all links , escalating the standoff over accusations that the North sank a South 's warship .
North Korea 's state news agency KCNA also reported that Pyongyang would expel all South Koreans from a joint - industrial zone in Kaesong , near the border .
The announcement , leaves relations at their worst point for years .
It came as a monitoring group in Seoul reported that the North Korean leader , Kim Jong - il , last week ordered his military to prepare for war in case the South attacks .
Military officials in Seoul were unable to confirm the report , and said they had detected no unusual troop movements .
The North 's statement followed and announcement by South Korea 's president , Lee Myong - bak , that Seoul would suspend trade , ban Northern ships from its waters and take Pyongyang to the UN security council .
This , he announced that Seoul would redesignate the North as its " main enemy " – a term it dropped six years ago , when relations were thawing .
Citing the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea , KCNA said Pyongyang would engage in no dialogue or contact while Lee was in power ; he is due to leave office in 2013 .
Relations on the divided peninsula deteriorated sharply after he became president last year , ending his predecessor 's " sunshine policy " of free - flowing aid to the North .
KCNA described the retaliation as a response to Seoul 's " smear campaign " – the accusation , based on a report by an international team , that a Northern torpedo caused the sinking in March of the Cheonan , which killed 46 people .
Pyongyang denies any involvement .
Scott Snyder , director of the centre for US - Korea policy at the Asia Foundation , in Washington , said : " This is really the last phase of unwinding of this policy of engagement that had been in place between the Koreas since 1998 .
There is a level of hostility and lack of interaction that is unprecedented in that [ 12 - year ] period . " .
He added : " The North Koreans view Lee Myong - bak 's lack of commitment to the policy as the main source of conflict [ that ] has led to this set of events .
That view is obviously not shared in South Korea . "
Despite rising alarm at the tit - for - tat developments , analysts believe neither side wants military action , fearing the cost would prove too great .
But they warn there is a risk of skirmishes , and that these could get out of hand .
Professor Hazel Smith , a North Korea expert at Cranfield University , said : " Wars sometimes happen by accident , or because you have escalation and no one can control it .
It 's a very dangerous position that everyone is in . .
" With all the communications channels being closed down , there is a lot of room for escalation by default . "
But she added : " At some point , they will resume talking to each other , because there are no other options . "
Several analysts have suggested that the North 's proposal to send a team to investigate the sinking – a suggestion the South rejected – may have been intended as an opportunity for talks as well as propaganda .
Experts said the announcement appeared to mean Southern NGOs would no longer be able to work in the North , spelling an end to low - level economic and , in some cases , government links .
It also spells an end to hopes of reviving cross - border reunions between families split by the border at the end of the 1950 - 53 war .
Hillary Clinton called stability on the Korean peninsula a " shared responsibility " of China and the US as she wrapped up two days of strategic and economic bilateral talks in Beijing today , adding : " No one is more concerned about peace and stability in this region than the Chinese . "
She said she believed her counterparts " understand the gravity of this situation " , citing what she called productive and detailed conversations .
But one state counsellor , Dai Bingguo , merely repeated China 's call for both sides to act calmly and refrain from escalating tension .
Clinton will tomorrow discuss the response with Lee as she visits Seoul , where the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao , is due to visit on Friday .
Lee 's office said the Russian president , Dmitry Medvedev , had said in a telephone call he " understands well " South Korea 's moves , and would try to give an " appropriate signal " to North Korea .
The South 's military resumed propaganda radio broadcasts across the border this morning after a six - year hiatus , with programmes airing news , western music and comparisons of the political and economic situations on the two parts of the peninsula .
The psychological warfare will enrage the North , which has warned it will fire at any propaganda facilities in the demilitarised zone .
Inside the Syrian Missile Crisis
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak sent officials in Damascus and Washington scrambling when he claimed Tuesday that Syria is providing the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah with Scud missiles whose accuracy and range threaten more Israeli cities than ever before .
His unexpected announcement , though vehemently denied by the Syrian regime , threatens to spark a new war between Israel and its antagonists in the region while further undermining U.S. President Barack Obama ’s efforts at engagement with Syria .
The alleged missile transfer now looms over the Senate confirmation of Obama ’s ambassador - designate to Syria , Robert S. Ford , who is slated to be Washington ’s first emissary to Damascus in more than five years .
Syrian President Bashar al - Assad ’s apparent decision to transfer more accurate and longer - range weapons to Hezbollah is a disheartening development for U.S. officials , who had hoped Obama ’s diplomatic opening would lead the Syrian regime to moderate its behavior .
As Damascus arms its Lebanese ally with an increasingly lethal array of weaponry , Syria ’s credibility as a peace partner for Israel is increasingly in doubt .
Weapons have been flowing from Syria to Lebanon for decades .
However , in recent months , reports have indicated that the sophistication of the weapons systems provided to Hezbollah has grown .
In October 2009 , the British military magazine Jane ’s Defence Weekly reported that Syria had supplied Hezbollah with M -600 rockets , a Syrian variant of the Iranian Fatah 110 , whose rudimentary guidance system can carry a 500 - kilogram payload to a target 250 kilometers away .
In early March , the head of the research division of the Israel Defense Forces ’ Military Intelligence , Brig .
Gen. Yossi Baidatz , told the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee of the Knesset , Israel ’s parliament , that Syria had recently provided Hezbollah with the Igla - S man-portable air defense systems .
The shoulder - fired weapon can bring down the Israeli drones , helicopter gunships , and low - flying fighter aircraft that routinely fly over Lebanon to gather intelligence .
Reports of increased weapons transfers surfaced again following Ford ’s nomination hearing on March 16 .
Rumors circulated around Capitol Hill that Syria had delivered Scud - D missiles to Lebanon .
These reports did not specify whether the missiles were Russian Scud - Ds or Syrian varieties of Scud - Ds , which are upgraded versions of older Scud models that Syria reportedly began producing in mass quantities during the last year .
Both missiles have a range of up to 700 kilometers , which means they could hit most , if not all , Israeli cities even if fired from northern Lebanon .
Both can carry chemical or biological warheads .
Less than a week after a Feb. 17 visit by Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs William Burns — the highest - ranking U.S. official to visit Damascus in more than five years — Assad hosted Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hezbollah Secretary - General Hassan Nasrallah at a banquet in Damascus .
During the visit , Assad openly mocked U.S. efforts to distance Syria from Iran and stated that his government is " preparing ourselves for any Israeli aggression . "
These weapons transfers appear to mark a continuation of Assad ’s belligerent stance .
While Lebanon has long been the battlefield between Syria and Israel , the transfer of these weapons may indicate that the Syrian president is calculating that the next war with Israel could involve strikes on Syrian territory .
Conversely , others have postulated that the transfers could also be designed to put pressure on the United States to get Israel back to the negotiating table — a bizarre tactic that is clearly not working .
In trying to answer these questions , U.S. congressional leaders — most notably Senator John Kerry — have visited Damascus over the last few weeks and attempted to engage Assad directly on the issue .
The results of the meetings have not been made public .
Meanwhile in Beirut , the United States is said to have issued a number of diplomatic démarches to Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al - Hariri complaining about the transfers .
Given that the Lebanese government exercises no control over the Syrian - Lebanese frontier , the démarches are likely to go unheeded .
These revelations have generated conflicting reactions in Washington regarding engagement with Syria .
Skeptics say that the uncoordinated engagement by France , Saudi Arabia , the European Union — and now the United States — has fueled a bizarre outbreak of " Syrian triumphalism , " causing Assad to throw caution to the wind .
Syria ’s decision to send Scuds to Lebanon , they say , proves Damascus is unwilling to distance itself from Tehran .
They argue that posting a U.S. ambassador to Syria under current circumstances would send the wrong signal to Damascus and only embolden Assad further .
Advocates of deeper engagement with Damascus argue that sending an ambassador will improve communication with the Syrian regime , thereby averting future crises .
One unintended byproduct of Washington ’s policy of isolating Syria has been the elevation of the importance of Syrian Ambassador Imad Moustapha , who has proved to be an unhelpful interlocutor .
The return of an ambassador to Damascus could provide channels to bypass Moustapha — and also help avoid an " accident " that , in the atmosphere of rising Syrian - Israeli tensions , could spark a conflict .
The ability of U.S. diplomacy to avert a crisis now depends on the Scuds ’ current location .
Reports citing U.S. and Israeli officials indicate that missiles have crossed the border , but it is unclear how many missiles possibly destined for Hezbollah still remain on Syrian soil .
If fighting does break out , diplomats in Washington are concerned that the conflict could distract diplomatic attention from the more pressing U.S. national interest : efforts aimed at halting Iran ’s nuclear program .
In the event of a regional war , Washington would no doubt be distracted from its task of marshaling international support for U.N. sanctions on Iran .
By demonstrating that Hezbollah could not be neutralized without Syrian cooperation , the 2006 Israel - Hezbollah war helped break the Assad regime ’s international isolation — a lesson not lost on Tehran .
Israel has traditionally responded to threats such as these by bombing Hezbollah missile sites in Lebanon .
However , Israel has indicated privately over the last year that the next conflict could include strikes inside Syria as well , or perhaps target weapons convoys as they cross the porous Syrian - Lebanese border .
Although the risks of a Syrian counterstrike are great , some Israeli officials might see an advantage in striking at both Syria ’s and Lebanon ’s military hardware .
Analysts say most decisions to go to war would be based on Israel ’s strategic calculations in the north .
But there are regionwide calculations over Iran as well .
If Israel destroys Hezbollah ’s weapons , it could provide a window of time in which Israeli cities are under a decreased threat of missile attack .
This would give Israel a perfect opportunity to strike Iran without risking an immediate retaliation from Tehran ’s allies to its north .
This scenario would not be cost - free for Israel , but given its overriding concern over Iran ’s possession of a nuclear weapon , Israeli leaders might judge it to be an acceptable level of risk .
Given that an Israeli strike on Iran still seems out of the question for the time being , however , this may be one of the reasons why cooler heads have prevailed so far .
At the center of this unenviable situation sits ambassador - designate Robert Ford .
The surprising escalation on the part of the Syrian regime represents yet another challenge to Obama ’s policy of engagement — not to mention regional peace .
Quiet diplomacy has so far managed to prevent the situation from disintegrating into an all - out war .
However , if Israel locates the Scuds in Lebanon , this deceptive calm might not last for long .
Pandora On Earth : 12 Stunning Places And Things That Remind Us Of ' Avatar '
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Got the Avatar Blues ?
No worries !
While we ’d love to give all the credit to James Cameron ’s imagination for the gorgeous world of Pandora , the truth is there are many places , plants , and creatures on this rock that probably helped inspire his alien landscape .
So while you ca n’t yet hop on a spaceship and cryo your way to another world , take heart in the fact that there are plenty of amazing places here to explore .
All you have to do is move your butt and experience them .
Click here to check out our gallery .
( Gallery assistance by Elizah Leigh )
After spending his youth happily playing computer and table - top role - playing games as pale - grey - skinned elves with long , straight , silver hair ( usually over one eye ) , or " forcing African - coifed robot pilots into the anime world of Macross , " Fox Harrell says he started wanting to play characters that expressed and presented themselves in ways that captured his real world cultural values , though still set in those same fantasy worlds .
That has n't always come easily .
I asked Fox , a computer scientist and literary artist , for some examples .
Fox :
In terms of software , the systems for creating identities have never seemed adequate for my self - expression .
Let 's just take computer role - playing games for example :
In Elder Scrolls III and IV : I wanted to create a character I could identify as African - inspired ( the " Redguard race " ) but then was automatically made less intelligent .
In Guild Wars : Nightfall , I could make an African - inspired character – but I wanted to both have [ dread ] locks and wear ornate masquerade - style clothing .
I could not – locks were allowed for the earthy Ranger class , and the clothes only allowed with the illusion - casting Mesmer class – never to be combined .
In Phantasy Star Online , I wanted to be elegant and clean - lined , and smartly - appointed .
I could only be a female robot ( called a Cast ) , males were always boxy and hulking .
In Neverwinter Nights , I could actually make a character I was very happy with , but in Neverwinter Nights 2 the style was removed .
In World of Warcraft , my first inclination was to play a spectral , Undead , ghostlike character – but the males all had poor posture , distended jaws , hulking shoulders , and silly hairstyles .
In these games , your appearances , abilities , eventualities and more are all often tied in with categories for race , class ( profession ) , gender , and more .
Certainly , these limitations primarily are used for game - mechanical reasons – each player takes on a different , complimentary role ( though primarily only for fighting ) .
The limitations also lend a certain coherence to the fictitious worlds of the games .
Yet , I often find that my own personal choices for self - expression are unsupported .
It is not just well - known issues of race and gender .
What if I simply want my character to be both rootsy and dainty ?
It all becomes more complicated when abilities are so closely tied with categories and appearances .
Much more is at stake than just fun and games .
Prejudice , bias , stereotyping , and stigma are built not only into many games , but other forms of identity representations in social networks , virtual worlds , and more .
These have real world effects on how we see ourselves and each other .
Even in systems that have very open identity creation options , like Second Life , there are still different valuations for skins , social groups and categories being formed , people playing out different personae … one realizes that identity is social matter , because even if one can create the perfect avatar , it does not mean that others will respond to it in the desired way that the person sees himself or herself .
This means that even in social networking software , we create profiles that ostensibly represent our real selves , but they are limited by many of the same constraints as characters in games .
Fox is a professor and director of the Imagination , Computation , and Expression Lab / Studio at Georgia Tech .
His research and software development are all about creating new opportunities for fluid , nuanced narratives , identities , and social categories to take shape–and shift shape–online .
Shape - shifting poetics
For example , one of Fox 's artworks is an AI - based interactive narrative project called Loss , Undersea in which an avatar forms and morphs based on emotional tone ( demo video ) .
Here 's how Fox described it to me :
Fox :
The avatar starts as a human and is blended further and further with sea creatures .
Artistically , it describes the poignant pathos of a civilization slipping into the sea , a transforming being losing more and more of herself or himself , mindless traveling through life as if on a moving platform .
Such visions capture for me a sense of dissolution of joy , daily struggle for happiness , and the contrast between the rich mental lives of all individuals and narrow social prejudices that constrain people to discrete boxes .
It also features poetry generated based on emotional tones selected by user actions .
Profile pic as community - made metaphor
Another project in the works at the ICE Lab / Studio is DefineMe : Chimera ( beta- version ) , a Facebook app where users collectively determine their friends ' identities .
Fox :
If I were to enter that " Lissa is courageous like a lion " and someone else enter that " Lissa is strong like a stegosaurus , " the system would output a hybrid animal images as an avatar .
The idea is to look at how people define each other socially , like the collective ratings of sellers on eBay , but through richer imagery and with more nuance .
It is also about the difference between one 's self - conception and how others might see her , an idea written about as long ago as W.E.B. DuBois 's introduction of the term " Double Consciousness " in The Souls of Black Folk .
In the end , I design these technologies for two reasons : ( 1 ) for users to represent identities in ways that are empowering and have the potential to increase their self - efficacy and agency in the real world , and ( 2 ) for artists to be able to use technologies to express , criticize , and change the ways that identities are used to oppress , discriminate , and otherwise disempower .
Avatars may or may not be able to serve these needs , but basing such technologies on the best practices people use in the real world may be a step in enabling both of these directions .
Conjuring social change through computation
The young people I work with at Youth Radio - Youth Media International often write about their own shifting identities and question the social categories applied to them ( see , for example , Mark Anthony Waters ' story questioning solid gold masculinity ) .
In light of all his work on technologies of identity , I asked Fox what he thinks young people need to know and be able to do if they 're going to fully realize their own potentials and participate in the work and play that matters to them and their communities .
Fox : I celebrate the skill and panache with which many young people can use media creatively and form new communities and practices .
At the same time , I want them also to be able to create media themselves and not have to rely upon frameworks that others , who may not have their best interests at heart , create for them .
This means that computational literacy is not just using computers , but it also is not just learning computer science .
It also should mean being able to think critically about how data - structures and processes both operate and impact the world .
But we should not even stop there !
They need to learn to think critically about how these technologies empower or disempower them , and how such computational media might be taken up more imaginatively in order to conjure phantasms with the potential to change their world for the better .
What 's more …
Though Fox 's experiments let users re-imagine characters ' outward appearances , what strikes me about his work is its appreciation of interiority , shifting and messy as it can be .
It also gets me thinking about Henry Jenkins ' idea that one of the hallmarks of digital media literacy is what he calls " distributed cognition , " which holds that thought does n't live inside an individual 's brain .
Cognition takes root and evolves across multiple minds , through social activities and connections .
It seems to me Fox 's DefineMe app pushes that thinking into a new realm : distributed identity formation .
It 's not that I want or need other people to tell me who I am .
It 's that I hope we can find and form communities that care enough to try .
The BNP is a lot like Marmite , you either love it or ... actually , scrap that – Marmite is nothing like the BNP .
Today , brand - owner Unilever is beginning legal action against the far - right party after the use without permission of a jar of the sticky savoury spread in one of its online campaign films .
It is not an association they want anyone to make .
A statement said :
It has been brought to our attention that the British National Party has included a Marmite jar in a political broadcast shown currently online .
We want to make it absolutely clear that Marmite did not give the BNP permission to use a pack shot of our product in their broadcast .
Neither Marmite nor any other Unilever brand are aligned to any political party .
We are currently initiating injunction proceedings against the BNP to remove the Marmite jar from the online broadcast and prevent them from using it in future .
So the campaign takes another surprising turn ( and not the first involving Marmite : Gordon Brown today tweeted that while his wife likes it , he prefers marmalade . )
However it 's not as if Marmite has been entirely above the election fray so far .
It has been running a viral marketing campaign based on a spoof news website called the Marmite News Network – which , incidentally , frequently reports on a fictional " Hate Party " which has a Cambridge - educated leader who campaigns on a platform of " Stop the spread " .
Sound like anyone you know ?
Update : RichardGrrr's " Love Marmite , hate racism " in the comments at 3.10 pm has been taken up in at least one Facebook update I know of .
April 19 , 2010 - L4D Team
Torch Bearer
Survive The Passing Campaign .
Port of Scavenge
Play 5 full games of Scavenge on The Port .
Fore !
Knock off the heads of 18 infected with the golf club .
Til It Goes Click
Using the M60 , kill 25 infected without letting go of the trigger .
Killing Them Swiftly To This Song
Play the new Midnight Riders song on a jukebox .
Wedding Crasher
As the Charger , grab a Survivor and crash them through 8 chairs at the wedding .
With " The Passing " due out soon on the PC and Xbox 360 , we figured we'd whet your appetite with a rundown of the new Achievements you 'll be able to earn later this week .
Let 's start with the straight - forward ones we'd be crazy not to include : Surviving the campaign , playing some Scavenge , using the new weapons , playing a Midnight Riders song , and smashing up some Survivors with a Charger .
Alright .
Now onto the spoilery ones .
Some of these might not make sense until you play The Passing -- like " Cache Grab " , which involves foot lockers , a new addition to the Left 4 Dead 2 universe .
Cache Grab
Open 5 foot lockers .
Okay .
So we know one of the original Left 4 Dead Survivors is off shooting zombies in Heaven -- but what are the other three up to ?
Covering your ass .
Kite Like a Man
Kill a tank only with damage from the original Survivors .
The " Grave Robber " achievement ties into another addition to the L4D2 universe , in the form of a new Uncommon Common : the Fallen Survivor .
Grave Robber
Collect 10 items dropped by a Fallen Survivor .
And of course , we saved the best for last : the " Mutant Overlord " achievement , which you can only get by playing six Mutations .
Right about now you might be asking yourself , " What in the hell is a Mutation ? "
" Why do I have to play six of them ? "
" Are there more than six ? "
" Where 's that smell coming from ? "
All good questions .
Look for most of the answers in our Wednesday blog post .
Mutant Overlord
Play 6 Mutations .
- video encodings still in process -
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday signed the toughest law against illegal immigration in the country , shrugging aside warnings from religious and civil rights leaders — and President Obama — that it would lead to widespread racial profiling .
Hours after Obama denounced the measure as " misguided , " Brewer held a signing ceremony for the bill , which makes it a crime to be in the state illegally and requires police to check suspects for immigration paperwork .
Obama signaled that a legal showdown might be possible and that his administration would " examine the civil rights and other implications " of the law .
Department of Justice officials said they " were reviewing the bill " but declined to discuss the legislation further .
Immigrant rights groups have vowed a court fight , arguing that regulating immigration is a federal matter .
Brewer , at an afternoon news conference in Phoenix , cast the law in terms of public safety , saying , " We can not sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of drug cartels . "
Brewer said she would order the state police training agency to form guidelines to train officers and protect against racial profiling .
Brewer spent as much time during her remarks talking about diversity and the need to avoid racial profiling as she did about fighting crime and protecting Arizona from illegal immigration .
" People across America are watching Arizona , seeing how we implement this law , ready to jump on the slightest misstep , " she said .
But the law 's opponents were highly skeptical that it could be enforced without police singling out Latinos .
One provision of the law prevents police from using race " solely " to form a suspicion about someone 's legality , but the law does not prevent race from being a factor .
The bill , SB 1070 , landed on Brewer 's desk Monday afternoon ; she had until Saturday to sign or veto it .
The Republican governor , who is advocating a 1 % sales tax hike on the ballot next month , faces a tough primary in August .
Virtually every Republican in the state Legislature voted for the bill .
Hundreds of high school students left classes this week in protest , pouring into the plaza outside the state Capitol and urging a veto .
Religious leaders and police chiefs — and thousands of callers to the governor 's office — pressed for Brewer to reject the bill .
Some Arizona officials argued it would stigmatize the state much as its past refusal to honor the birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. U.S. Rep. Raul M. Grijalva , a Democrat who represents southern Arizona , called for a convention boycott of his own state .
But a recent poll showed that 70 % of state voters supported the measure — even though 53 % said it could lead to civil rights violations .
Because of that broad support in a state that is the main gateway for illegal immigrants into the United States , people on both sides of the debate have long expected Brewer to sign the bill .
" It 's a sad day for the country , " said Alfredo Gutierrez , a former Arizona Senate majority leader who fought against the bill .
" This is the most oppressive piece of legislation since the Japanese internment camp act " during World War II , he added .
Supporters of the measure were elated .
" Arizona is actually taking the lead in doing what the president is failing to do , which is to protect the interests of the people of Arizona , " said Ira Mehlman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform .
" What the Legislature and Gov. Brewer are saying is , ‘ If the president wo n't do it , we 're going to do it ourselves . '
" Unless opponents can stop it with lawsuits , the law will take effect 90 days after the legislative session ends this month or in May .
The law creates the new misdemeanor and requires police to enforce it .
The law 's supporters argue that fears of widespread racial profiling are overblown and that the measure will instead be used sparingly by police to augment investigations into crimes .
But many of those supporters also cite the office of Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , whose deputies have for years enforced federal immigration laws , as a model for how the rest of Arizona police should operate .
Arpaio 's office is regularly accused of racially profiling Latinos and is subject to a civil rights investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice .
"
The state of Arizona has turned its back on everything we call American , " said Father Glenn Jenks of the Arizona Interfaith Network , one of a wide range of religious groups that urged a veto .
" The Hispanic community is already terrorized .
Many of them are saying , ‘ We 're going to get out of here ' — and not just illegal immigrants .
"
In Washington , Obama cited the law during a citizenship ceremony for 24 active - duty service members as an example of why the nation needs a comprehensive immigration overhaul .
" Our failure to act responsibly at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others , " Obama said in the Rose Garden ceremony .
" That includes , for example , the recent efforts in Arizona , which threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and our communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe .
" Obama has devoted more energy to passing an immigration bill this year , but the prospects remain dim , with only one Republican senator voicing measured support and some Democrats hoping it gets put off .
In Arizona , officials said they acted because the federal government had failed to secure their border with Mexico , making the state vulnerable to drug traffickers and human smugglers who are blamed in the killing of a rancher on his land in southern Arizona last month .
Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , Brewer 's predecessor , said the law would hinder federal law enforcement efforts in the state .
" With the strong support of state and local law enforcement , I vetoed several similar pieces of legislation as governor of Arizona because they would have diverted critical law enforcement resources from the most serious threats to public safety and undermined the vital trust between local jurisdictions and the communities they serve , " she said in a statement .
State Sen. Russell Pearce , who wrote the legislation , scoffed at Obama 's opposition , contending that the president stood " against law enforcement , our citizens and the rule of law .
" Gutierrez said Obama 's statements heartened activists who were angered by recent federal immigration raids and the lack of an immigration bill in Washington .
" People were beginning to feel mighty abandoned by the administration , " he said , " and that helped calm it . "
Are you buying a house or car ?
Opening a bank , investment or retirement account ?
Have you recently gotten married or divorced , had kids , or registered as a domestic partner ?
The joy and pain of these key life events mask an unpleasant and often overlooked question :
What happens to my valuables if I suddenly die ?
This is especially of concern for domestic partners .
But there 's a couple of housekeeping items you can do ensure your assets go where you want them to .
I 'm talking about titling property .
An appropriate title on your home , auto or investment account can avoid confusion , mistakes , publicity and delays after you 're gone .
And , just as importantly , you need to name or update your beneficiaries on retirement accounts , insurance settlements or annuity proceeds .
Be conscious of these steps anytime you make a major purchase or bring new relations into your life .
You do n't need an attorney to do it .
" We suggest people review everything at least every other year , " said Beth A. Allen , a Portland attorney .
She represents many gay and lesbian couples , but it 's good advice for anyone .
" We 're a very mobile society .
Moving to a different state might impact things .
Adding children might change things .
A divorce changes things . "
First , let 's talk beneficiaries .
What many people do n't realize is that beneficiary designations on retirement accounts and insurance contracts trump anything you might state in your will .
Yet it 's easy to forget to update the choices you made when you first started your job , especially if years or decades have passed .
And " if you have no beneficiary listed , that becomes a court nightmare , " said Marilyn Bergen , a certified financial planner at
.
Now , for the exciting world of titling .
I 'm focusing on Oregon , here .
Surrounding states , including Washington , view property differently .
These " community - property states " assume any asset acquired while married -- excluding inheritances and gifts -- is jointly and equally held .
That creates issues that warrant another column another time .
In Oregon , there are four typical ways you can own land , homes , cars and accounts with money inside them , according to
.
Sole proprietorship :
It 's also called " fee simple " for reasons I simply do not know .
If you own something solely , and you die , it will be shelled out to others in public probate court , either by the terms of your will or by state law .
Tenancy in common :
This is one way of owning property with one or more people .
They do n't need to be relatives .
But to transfer your share after death , the property must pass through probate , and you 'll need to spell out your intentions for it in a will .
Otherwise , a judge will follow state law and , possibly , warring heirs ' demands .
Survivorship interest :
This is one way to ensure that property automatically transfers to a single co-owner outside probate .
Dual owners who are n't married can use what 's generally called " joint tenancy with right of survivorship " to accomplish this .
Spouses have another option of titling property , " tenancy by entirety . "
This survivorship interest supersedes anything in a will .
If you will your house to your daughter , for example , but own it titled with survivorship interest to your second wife , your second wife 's gonna get it .
" Joint tenancy is a good idea for spouses not facing federal estate and Oregon inheritance tax , " said
, an estate and trust attorney in Portland .
But even this seeming no - brainer has some caveats .
If you put your son on a bank account as joint tenancy with right of survivorship , your son can take money out without asking .
What 's more , if your son defaults on big credit card bills , the card companies can dip into your account to pay the debt .
If you purchase a house with survivorship interests , and you name someone other than a spouse , you might be liable for gift tax and a gift return .
In other words , survivorship is n't for everyone .
Wealthier or remarried couples best speak with an attorney about how to fulfill their wishes .
Living trust :
This is another way to avoid probate .
But people sometimes forget to retitle their properties to reflect ownership by the trust , according to
, a certified financial planner in Vancouver .
That can leave homes , autos and accounts outside the trust and , depending on the title , in the wrong hands .
If you created a living trust with an attorney , she likely made sure you retitled property .
If not , find another attorney .
Now , here are some situations in which you want to think about titling .
Buying a car :
When you register your new vehicle and transfer the title , Line No. 12 on
will ask you about " Survivorship . "
You 'll want to check the Yes box to make sure your co-owner can legally access your auto simply by flashing your death certificate , obit or funeral notice at DMV , said Lori Bowman , the department 's vehicle programs manager .
Otherwise , DMV would need to see a release of the deceased 's interest from probate court , an inheritance affidavit or a small estate affidavit , she said .
If you realize your title is mistaken or that you forgot to check the " Yes " box , DMV will correct the title at no cost .
Simply reapply or file a " Request for Correction " form
(
) with both signatures .
Opening a bank or investment account :
Joint accounts give co-owners access to money without permission .
That could be important immediately following your death .
But it can also allow an untrustworthy co-owner to drain the account , said Ted B. Austin , senior vice president at U.S. Bank 's trust department in Portland .
And if your co-owner owes money or taxes , creditors and the government can settle debts with the account .
A better option might be to ask for a " pay on death " ( POD ) bank account with named beneficiaries .
It makes money available just when it says , and no sooner .
Investment accounts can be registered " transfer on death " ( TOD ) , again preventing your beneficiary from touching it until you die .
Such titles , by the way , trump any directives in a will .
But you 'll probably need to specifically ask a banker about them .
" I do n't think anybody 's going to sit at the other side of the counter and say , ' Do you want that payable on death ? "
Austin said .
Buying a house :
For couples , state law automatically titles property as tenancy in the entirety , attorneys say .
That might be fine .
But married couples who do n't want property to go to the other upon death might want to hold it tenancy in common .
Entering a domestic partnership :
Allen , who represents gay and lesbian couples in her Portland law practice , suggests domestic partners who are n't registered with the state be careful to title homes with right of survivorship .
Registered couples also can use " by the entireties . "
Many title companies do n't do this for domestic partners , she said .
And joint tenancy is a safe way , she believes , to immediately pass property outside probate .
That 's important , too , if a family member challenges a will in probate .
Unregistered gay and lesbian couples definitely need to take this step , she said , to ensure valuables go to a surviving partner without challenge .
Brent Hunsberger does not give individual financial advice but welcomes questions and comments about his column and blog .
Reach him at 503-221-8359
.
A federal court ruled over the weekend that a formerly common additive in vaccines does not cause autism .
So will that be enough to prevent a new era of deadly but preventable epidemics ?
Advertisement
The federal " vaccines court " ruled in three different cases that a mercury - containing additive , thimerosal , that was in many vaccine until 2001 , does not cause autism .
This comes on the heels of another recent decision that the measles - mumps - rubella ( MMR ) vaccine also does n't cause the disease .
Last month , the British medical journal , the Lancet , withdrew a controversial 1998 article that had claimed the measles disease from the MMR vaccine could leak and cause autism .
That article was the bedrock of the anti-vaccine movement .
The MMR vaccine has never contained thimerosal , and rates of autism in children have continued to increase since thimerosal was removed from almost all childhood vaccinations in 2001 .
( Note : updated for accuracy . )
Advertisement
Special Master Denise K. Vowell wrote in one of the decisions :
Petitioners propose effects from mercury in [ vaccines ] that do not resemble mercury 's known effects in the brain , either behaviorally or at the cellular level .
To prevail , they must show that the exquisitely small amounts of mercury in [ vaccines ] that reach the brain can produce devastating effects that far larger amounts experienced prenatally or postnatally from other sources do not .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In a separate ruling , Special Master George L. Hastings wrote :
This case . . . is not a close case .
The overall weight of the evidence is overwhelmingly contrary to the petitioners ' causation theories .
Advertisement
But this wo n't stop the conspiracy theorists from insisting that correlation means causation .
The plaintiffs in the cases claimed the federal government " funds the science that exonerates " the vaccine industry , and defends vaccines in court .
There 's a great article in the Times Free Press about the widespread , ongoing belief that vaccines cause autism , and how it keeps spreading .
One parent tells a haunting tale :
As a baby , Benjamin Ransom was ever - smiling and giggling .
The photographer at Sears did n't even have to joke with him to get him to grin for a family photo , recalls his father , Jeff Ransom , of Fort Oglethorpe .
But soon after he reached 15 months , Benjamin seemed to change into a different child .
He ceased smiling and avoided eye contact .
His speech reverted from clear words into baby babble , and finally he stopped talking altogether , Mr. Ransom said .
" He just had a blank stare on his face , " he said .
After a year of failed speech therapy , Benjamin — who is now 10 — was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder , an increasingly common diagnosis characterized by a difficulty in verbal and nonverbal communication and social interactions .
Severity can range from very mild to debilitating .
But despite medical evidence to the contrary , Mr. Ransom is convinced that a series of recommended vaccines his son received at 15 months — including protection against measles , mumps and rubella , and Hib meningitis — prompted the sudden change in his son , who stopped talking in the weeks following his vaccination .
" You 're not going to convince me vaccines did not change my child , " Mr. Ransom said .
" I saw it . "
Advertisement
When you hear stories like that , it 's hard not to feel freaked out and alarmed by the possibility that the vaccines could be causing autism spectrum disorder , which now afflicts one in 110 children in some form .
( And that 's a really alarming statistic . )
But doctors say it 's typical for that disorder to manifest around 15 months of age , regardless of whether the children are vaccinated — so it 's easy to jump to conclusions .
What 's also scary , though , is that the refusal to vaccinate could spark a new rash of cases of meningitis , whooping cough , polio and other diseases we had almost wiped out completely .
Already , cases of measles , pertussis , meningitis and whooping cough have been linked to delayed or avoided vaccinations .
And it 's likely to keep getting worse .
People are counting on " herd immunity " from all the other kids who have been vaccinated to keep their kids from getting sick — but that only works if your kid is the only one who skips the jab .
Advertisement
If you really want to blame something for autism in children , says pediatric development specialist Dr. Leslie Rubin , blame all of the toxins in the environment , including prenatal exposure to phthalates in perfume , makeup and nail polish .
Instead of pursuing the debunked theory that vaccines cause autism , maybe parents should be lobbying the government to clean up the air .
Good luck getting that to happen , though .
[ Los Angeles Times and Times Free Press ]
The Obama administration effectively called time today on one of the most destructive industries in America , proposing new environmental guidelines for mountaintop mining removal .
The move was seen as a bold action from the White House , which has in the past disappointed environmental organisations for failing to move more aggressively on pollution and climate change .
But in a conference call with journalists , just an hour after the administration for the first time finalised regulations setting limits on greenhouse gas emissions from cars , officials spelled out guidelines that they acknowledged would make it virtually impossible for mining companies in Appalachia to carry on with business as usual .
The economics of mountaintop mining removal involve a highly destructive practice of blasting through hundreds of feet of mountaintop to get at thin but valuable seams of coal .
The debris is removed to " valley fills " , and nearly 2,000 miles of streams in Appalachia have been buried beneath such fills .
In recent years , opposition to the practice has spread from local activists to celebrities , with Robert Kennedy Jr and Darryl Hannah demanding an end to the method .
Lisa Jackson , the head of the Enviromental Protection Agency , said today it is unlikely that valley fills would meet the new standards .
" You are talking about either no or very few valley fills that are going to be able to meet standards like this , " she said .
" What the science is telling us is that it would be untrue to say you can have any more than minimal valley fill and not see irreversible damage to stream health . "
Jackson said the new guidelines were not intended to end coal mining .
But she admitted it would be hard work for mining companies to meet the new standard .
" They are going to require folks to roll up their sleeves to protect water quality , " she said .
" We believe that they are often going to need adjustment to projects proposed because of these new guidelines . "
The guidelines laid out by Jackson today would set limits on conductivity in streams near mining sites .
The electrical conductivity of streams is seen as a measure of the presence of harmful pollutants .
Officials said the new policy , which will apply to all new proposals and some 79 permits now under review , would protect 95 % of aquatic life in streams in Appalachia .
EPA scientists have established that streams with conductivity greater than a certain level – 500 microsiemens per centimetre , a measure of salinity – were irreparably damaged .
Officials said today the EPA would block any proposed operations projected to exceed its figure .
Today 's guidelines mark a gradual tightening of conditions for mountain coal mining .
Last week , the EPA took the rare step of vetoing a West Virginia mine that had already been granted a permit .
Tbe EPA said the Spruce Number One mine , which was approved under George Bush administration in 2007 , would bury up to seven miles of stream , and that toxic chemicals would hurt aquatic life .
If approved , it would have been the largest mine in West Virginia .
The National Mining Association immediately condemned the move , saying it would cost jobs throughout Appalachia .
The Rainforest Action Network said : " The EPA has finally taken a leap to protect America 's mountains and drinking water . "
The amount of software that is available for Linux is truly mind - boggling with tens of thousands of applications available to download , including an impressive arsenal of open source games .
However , it is fair to say that the amount of commercial games released for Linux continues to be in short supply in comparison with the number of titles released under Windows .
Whilst software such as CrossOver Games ( and Wine ) allows many commercial Windows games to be played under Linux , if Linux is going to become a force in the gaming world it needs a good supply of native games .
Developing games across multiple platforms is expensive .
If Linux is going to justify the extra work involved in native ports , it needs the prospect that those ports will generate significant sales for the developers .
Fortunately , the Linux user base continues to increase , which increases the likelihood of more Linux ports .
To be eligible for inclusion in this article each game needed to be :
Released under a proprietary license with a fee required either to purchase the game , or a monthly charge
Not require Wine to run .
Wine is a compatibility layer for running Windows software
Please recognise that the games featured in this three part article only represent a current snapshot of the best games .
There are some very exciting commercial games to be released shortly for Linux .
Now , let ’s scrutinize the 8 games at hand .
For each game we have compiled its own portal page , providing screenshots of the game in action , a full description of the game , with an in - depth analysis of the features of the game , together with links to relevant resources and reviews .
Return to our complete collection of recommended free and open source software including our latest additions .
A MAGAZINE editor who claims he was sacked for posting part of an internal email on Facebook says he was blowing the whistle on video game companies pressuring publications for favourable coverage .
Former Zoo Weekly deputy entertainment editor Toby McCasker last month posted on Facebook part of an email that seemed to show a game maker demanding a positive spin on its latest title .
The email was allegedly sent by a publicist for Rockstar Games to staff at the magazine , concerning coverage of the company 's new title Red Dead Redemption .
" This is the biggest game we 've done since GTA IV , and is already receiving Game of the Year 2010 nominations from specialists all around the world , " it read .
" Can you please ensure Toby 's article reflects this — he needs to respect the huge achievement he 's writing about here . "
Rockstar is one of the world 's biggest gaming companies with franchises including Grand Theft Auto and Max Payne .
The post on Facebook has since been taken down and McCasker has been dismissed from the magazine .
McCasker told news.com .au the email was an example of growing pressure from game companies for favourable media coverage .
" I did not sign up to become a journalist to write advertorials masquerading as editorial , " he said .
" This ' cash for comment ' culture that is fast becoming the status quo within print media bothers me a lot . "
Zoo editor Paul Merrill would not comment on McCasker 's dismissal but did say he was unaware of any bid to influence the magazine 's reviews .
" It 'd be wrong for me to comment as to why someone is dismissed , " he said .
" I 've never known any game maker to ask for a positive review and they 've certainly never received it . "
Rockstar Games Australia said today : " We are not clear on what the story is here .
We always try to present our games in the most compelling way to media and fans alike and of course we , like every other video game publisher in Australia or anywhere else for that matter , want to have our games seen in a positive light . "
It is understood McCasker had earlier received two official warnings about his behaviour .
Threats to pull advertising
McCasker 's claim is not the first time the game industry has faced allegations of putting pressure on publications to provide favourable coverage .
In 2007 the US editorial director of gaming website GameSpot left the site suddenly after running a negative review of game Kane & Lynch : Dead Men .
A large promotional campaign for the game was running on GameSpot at the time the review was published , leading to speculation the game 's publisher Eidos had threatened to pull its ads .
Veteran gaming journalist David Wildgoose , who currently edits gaming blog Kotaku Australia , said threats from game makers to pull advertisements over unfavourable coverage did occur but not very often .
" I 've heard of and been directly involved in situations where an advertiser has threatened to pull its spend , usually over a review score they perceive as below expectation , " he said .
" But such occasions are infrequent and often the threat is never followed through . "
Wildgoose , who has more than 15 years experience as a gaming journalist and editor for print and online , said most game makers valued independent coverage .
" If a games website or magazine started writing for its advertisers , it would lose credibility with its readers .
And without those readers , it 's not attractive for those advertisers , " he said .
" I 'd like to think games companies understand that and I think most of them do . "
Update ( April 8 )
Zoo editor Paul Merrill has issued a statement to Kotaku US about McCasker 's sacking .
( CNN ) --
At least 29 people , most of them cilivians , have been killed in Jamaica 's capital amid an all - out police assault on a suspected drug lord 's stronghold , the island 's government reported .
Two police officers , one soldier with the Jamaican Defense Force and 26 civilians have died in a protracted push that began Monday , Information Minister Daryl Vaz said .
Another 25 civilians have been wounded , along with six Jamaican troops .
Security forces have been fighting people who want to prevent the extradition to the United States of Christopher " Dudus " Coke , who was charged last year in U.S. federal court with conspiracy to distribute marijuana and cocaine and with conspiracy to traffic in firearms illegally .
Twenty - six of the dead were civilians , and one was a Jamaican Defense Force member ; 25 civilians and six defense force members were injured as security forces battled criminal elements in Tivoli Gardens and Denham Town , officials said .
A woman in the area said that the front of her house had been " shot up " and that police had taken away her nephew and grandson for questioning .
They did not say how long her relatives would be detained .
Violet Dias , an American citizen from New York , said she was locked down in her house because of the assault .
" We can't even look out , " she said .
" We have no food .
We ca n't get anything to eat . "
Dias , an amputee and an asthmatic , is due to return to the U.S. on June 14 .
The government said those killed were mostly males and their bodies were recovered from areas close to barricades , building entrances and gullies coursing through Tivoli Gardens .
It said 211 people , including six women , were detained .
Security forces have confiscated firearms , ammunition , binoculars , army fatigues and ballistic vests and are conducting searches , the government said .
Are you there ?
Send stories and images to iReport
The fighting has paralyzed the metropolis .
Jamaican Prime Minister Bruce Golding has declared a state of emergency in some parts of Kingston .
Schools are closed in the capital , and at one point some flights were canceled , said U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley .
" Our embassy in Kingston is closed today , and we will continue to make that evaluation on a day - to - day basis based on events on the ground in Kingston , " Crowley said .
" The United States government and the government of Jamaica continue to work collaboratively to ensure the safety and security of our citizens as we also counter illicit trafficking . "
Golding has requested that public defender Earl Witter and political ombudsman Dr. Herro Blair visit Tivoli Gardens on Tuesday to assess the security operation and determine the number of casualties , the government said .
The Red Cross also will provide support , including ambulances and medical care to the injured , it said .
Coke maintains a heroic reputation in the Kingston slums , with some people comparing him to Robin Hood , Jesus and one - time Colombian kingpin Pablo Escobar .
He has helped the community by handing out food , sending children to school and building medical centers .
Experts : Accused Jamaican drug lord akin to Robin Hood
But drug enforcement officials said he deserves to be classified as one of the world 's most dangerous drug lords .
" He is the head of an organization , a cartel or a syndicate that has a global impact and also has a direct impact on the United States , " said Michael Braun , a former chief of operations for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
On Monday , residents said that government helicopters dropped explosives into the area near Coke 's stronghold , though it was not clear whether he was there .
The attack came after residents blocked roads in the area to restrict access to police and military .
The violence then spread to Spanish Town , about 20 minutes outside the capital , where armed thugs blocked a major road and a bridge that serves as a link between Montego Bay and Kingston , police said .
Looting also occurred in downtown Kingston .
Monday 's unrest followed a Sunday night shooting that left two police officers dead and six others wounded near Norman Manley International Airport outside Kingston , police said .
Coke 's lawyers were to meet with the charge d'affaires officer at the U.S. Embassy in Kingston .
Coke 's attorney , Don Foote , said he would listen to U.S. authorities but insisted his client should face charges in Jamaican courts .
Golding said last week that citizens should " allow the courts to deal with the extradition matter , " the state - run Jamaica Information Service reported .
In a statement Sunday , Golding announced an emergency meeting of his Cabinet in response to the heavy gunfire and blockades , the information agency said .
Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs think tank , said he believes that Jamaica " is probably tipping into being a narco - state , and it has become too big a problem for the United States to handle in the tried and true ways of the past . "
In August , the U.S. attorney 's office in New York charged Coke , accusing him of leading an international criminal syndicate known as the Shower Posse .
" At Coke 's direction and under his protection , members of his criminal organization sell marijuana and crack cocaine in the New York area and elsewhere , and send the narcotics proceeds back to Coke and his co-conspirators , " the DEA said .
" Coke and his co-conspirators also arm their organization with illegally trafficked firearms , " the agency said .
Coke is on the Justice Department 's list of Consolidated Priority Organization Targets , which the department said " includes the world 's most dangerous narcotics kingpins . "
The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert for Jamaica last week .
CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Ben Brumfield and journalist Kirk Abrahams contributed to this report .
The head was part of a gigantic statue with its hands crossed over its chest
A colossal red granite head of one of Egypt 's most famous pharaohs has been unearthed in the southern city of Luxor , officials said .
The 3,000 - year - old head of Amenhotep III - grandfather of Tutankhamun - was dug out of the ruins of the pharaoh 's mortuary temple .
Experts say it is the best preserved example of the king 's face ever found .
The 2.5 m ( 8ft ) head is part of a larger statue , most of which was found several years ago .
Antiquities officials say the statue is to be reconstructed .
" Other statues have always had something broken - the tip of the nose , or the face is eroded , " said Dr Hourig Sourouzian , who has led the Egyptian - European expedition at the site .
" But here , from the top of the crown to the chin , it is so beautifully carved and polished , nothing is broken . "
Vast empire
Egypt 's antiquities chief , Zahi Hawass , described it as " a masterpiece of highly artistic quality " .
Amenhotep III ruled Egypt from about 1387 to 1348 BC and presided over a vast empire stretching from Nubia in the south to Syria in the north .
Scientists using DNA tests and CT scans on several mummies have identified him as the grandfather of Tutankhamun - the boy - king born of an incestuous marriage between Akhenaten and his sister , both the offspring of Amenhotep III .
The massive mortuary temple in Luxor was largely destroyed , possibly by floods , and little remains of its walls .
The first finshed look to my Doctor Who inspired collection !
I am so thrilled with how it turned out !
Now to complete the CyberDress look and the Blue box coat this week @_@ to get them in time for London .
Photo by penny ~ penny * edit* THIS IMAGE IS GOING TO BE USED IN THE MN TEXTILE CENTER NEWSLETTER !I am making a limited number to possibly sell at Acen.
* crosses fingers *
Greece has not yet formally requested help from eurozone states Finance ministers of the 16 eurozone nations have agreed to provide up to 30bn euros ( £ 26 bn ) in emergency loans for debt - hit Greece it asks for them .
They offered a three - year financing programme at interest rates of around 5 % , based on IMF formulas .
Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean - Claude Juncker said there were no elements of subsidy in the loan offer .
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou said the decision showed that nobody could " play with " the euro .
" With today 's decision , Europe sends a clear message : that nobody can play with our common currency , nobody can play with our common fate , " he said , speaking on a visit to Cyprus .
" Today , with the Eurogroup decision , the safety net has taken shape .
European solidarity has been fleshed out . "
Together with at least 10bn euros expected from the IMF in the first year , Greece may receive the biggest multilateral financial rescue ever , Reuters news agency notes .
Eurogroup ' confident '
Mr Juncker said that the eurozone countries had not decided to activate the loans , as this would depend on a decision by the Greek government .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli Rehn said it would be up to the IMF to reveal its precise share of the loan package .
This loan offer means Greece will not have to rely on raising funds in financial markets .
Greece has to find around 11.5 bn euros ( £ 10 bn ) by next month to meet its financial obligations .
Its total debt stands at nearly 300bn euros .
An exact interest rate for Greek loans will only be finalised after Greece formally requests help , something it has not previously done .
" The Eurogroup is confident that the determined efforts of the Greek authorities and of its European partners will allow [ it ] to overcome the fiscal and structural challenges of the Greek economy , " said a statement for the eurozone nations .
Treasury bills Although Greece has maintained it does not plan to turn to its eurozone partners and the IMF for any loans , investors believe it will have little choice .
The country has struggled for months to lower its borrowing costs , and the debt crisis has heightened investor fears about rising debt levels and forced down the value of the euro .
Greece intends to auction a 1.2bn euros package of treasury bills on Tuesday .
Last month , the EU and IMF announced plans to provide a 22 bn - euro ( £ 20 bn ; $ 29.5 bn ) safety net that could be drawn on should Greece be unable to raise the funds it needs to pay off its debts .
The cost of borrowing on the financial markets for the Greek government has been rising , reaching record levels of 7.5 % on Thursday .
Credit rating Leading ratings agency Fitch had downgraded Greek government debt on Friday .
Fitch downgraded Greece 's credit rating by two notches , from BBB + to BBB - , amid growing fears the country will not be able to resolve its debt problems without help .
The BBB - rating is significant , as this is the lowest rating that qualifies as an investment grade bond .
Any further downgrade would mean Greece losing its investment grade status with Fitch .
If the two other major credit rating agencies , Standard & Poor 's and Moody's , were to follow Fitch 's lead , then a lot of big institutional fund managers , such as pension funds , would not be allowed to invest in Greek debt .
Greece is currently rated BBB + by Standard & Poor 's and A2 by Moody's .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As it turns out , some of the highest income states are among the unhappiest , according to a recent study by economists Andrew J. Oswald and Stephen Wu , of the University of Warwick and Hamilton College , respectively .
Taking into account both subjective and objective factors such as sunshine , congestion and pollution in a survey of 1.3 million Americans between 2005 and 2008 , the researchers determined which states have the happiest – and unhappiest - residents .
Among the happiest are Louisiana , Hawaii and Florida .
" Some might be surprised that states in the south with lower income ranked as high as they did , " said Wu , economist at Hamilton College .
" States with high income rate fairly low on the happiness levels .
To some it might seem counterintuitive ; it 's not just about income levels , but those places might be more crowded , more congested on the roadway , [ have ] less available land . "
So , what are the 10 unhappiest states in the US ?
Click ahead to find out !
By Natalie Erlich
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The best - selling vampire themed “ Twilight ” book series has entered the top 10 list of books that U.S. schools and public libraries were asked to remove from their shelves in 2009 .
Author Stephenie Meyer poses at the premiere of the movie " Twilight " at the Mann Village and Bruin theatres in Westwood , California November 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
But the worst offenders were the popular young adult novel series “ ttyl ” by Lauren Myracle , which are written entirely in the style of instant messages , the American Library Association ( ALA ) said in a report on Wednesday .
And although they are no longer in the Top 10 , J.K. Rowling ’s “ Harry Potter ” series landed atop the 100 most frequently challenged books of the 2000 - 2009 decade .
Objections to the best - selling tales of the boy wizard have been raised over perceived anti-family and occult themes .
The ALA said Stephenie Meyer ’s “ Twilight ” series , which have been turned into a blockbuster film franchise , were fifth on the 2009 list -- their first year in the annual compilation .
The books were challenged for being sexually explicit , religious views and being unsuitable for their age group .
The “ ttyl ” series , which came top of the 2009 list , was challenged for nudity , offensive language and drugs .
The ALA ’s Office for Intellectual Freedom defines a challenge as a formal written complaint filed with a library or a school requesting that material be removed from bookshelves or a school curriculum .
It received 460 such reports in 2009 and they come from a variety of sources .
Few are successful .
“ Even though not every book will be right for every reader , the ability to read , speak , think and express ourselves freely are core American values , ” said Barbara Jones , director of the ALA ’s Office for Intellectual Freedom .
The children ’s picture book “ And Tango Makes Three ” about two male penguins raising an egg , and teen novel “ The Perks of Being a Wallflower ” took the No. 2 and No. 3 spots in 2009 .
Harper Lee ’s 1960 Pulitzer Prize winning classic “ To Kill a Mockingbird ” came fourth because of challenges on the grounds of racism and language .
The top 5 most frequently challenged books of 2009 were :
1 : “ ttyl ” , “ ttfn ” , “ l8r ” , “ g8r ” ( series ) by Lauren Myracle
2 : “ And Tango Makes Three , ” by Pater Parnell and Justin Richardson
3 : “ The Perks of Being a Wallflower , ” by Stephen Chbosky
4 : “ To Kill A Mockingbird ” , by Harper Lee
5 : “ Twilight ” ( series ) , by Stephenie Meyer
Via Tom Nelson :
Another warmist in the Arctic : GE sponsors 15 - year - old on polar trip .
Photo courtesy of GE and Scott Draper
Shortly after twice reporting a temperature of - 34 C , he suggests that the ice is “ falling apart ” around him .
Skiing and trekking to the North Pole : Parker Liautaud blogs to save the earth – Update
Parker Liautaud , 15 years old , is reporting on his progress skiing his way to the North Pole .
He has made his goal to become the youngest person to ski to the North Pole , and to use that attempt to bring greater awareness to the urgent environmental issues of the arctic . …
And more importantly for his purpose of letting the world see the ravages of global warming on the arctic –
There was a lot of open water today .
It really shows what ’s been going on in the Arctic – it ’s falling apart .
Right now we ’re camping on this patch of old ice , but all around us is open water , broken and thin ice .
To our north there ’s a massive pan of very thin ice .
Everything is freshly frozen , if not open .
That ’s called “ leads ” kid , part of the regular landscape well before your trip .
Oh but wait …what is the Temperature ?
Thanks to Twitter reports we know .
Twitter / Parker Liautaud : Temp - 34 , Windchill - 42 . W … Temp - 34 , Windchill - 42 .
We did about 11 Nm today , it was a really good day .
We have about 35 Nm left , and about 5 before we ’re half way .
3:00 PM Apr 4th via API [ His previous tweet also reported a temperature of - 34 ]
Son of Venture Capitalist Gets Foursquare Badge for Polar Trip – DealBook Blog – NYTimes.com
Normally if you ’re the teenage child of a multimillionaire , you might expect a nice car or designer clothing as a present , VentureBeat reported .
But if you ’re the 15 - year - old scion of Bernard Liautaud , who founded and later sold Business Objects to SAP for $ 6.78 billion and is now a partner at Balderton Capital , you can probably do a lot better .
… Mr. Liautaud fils rounded up a sponsorship from G.E. for a trip to the North Pole promoting environmental awareness .
Of course , anybody can go to the North Pole , and blog about it , by paying a tour guide like this one that is with the 15 year old right now .
From the San Fransisco Examiner “ offbeat places ” blog :
Parker ’s journey is part of an expedition that is open to the public .
For more than 10 years , Doug Stoup has been guiding teams across the frozen Arctic Ocean and Antarctica .
From numerous ‘ Last Degree ‘ treks to his most recent 660 - mile epic journey to the South Pole .
Cost : € 25,700 but for a quickie ( I ’ll bet you did n’t know you could do this as a quickie ) , fly from Longyearbyen to Ice Station Barneo , then take a helicopter to 89.599 ?
North .
Spend some quality time on the ice for photos and celebration and then return .
Cost : € 16,900 .
I always like to encourage young minds in science , but this is just a glorified field trip with a guide .
What a bunch of suckers GE is for paying for such an expedition .
The ice from Cryosphere Today looks better than 30 years ago .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
In the private sector , at least , companies that are inclined to do so could simply change their drug testing policies , but those that receive federal contracts are required to prohibit the use of marijuana as a condition of participation under the Drug - Free Workplace Act of 1988 .
The federalDepartment of Transportation also issued new guidelineslast year that prohibit the use of medical marijuana for transportation workers in safety - sensitive jobs including pilots , school bus drivers , truck drivers , subway operators , ship captains , and transit fire - armed security , even in states where it is legal .
And employers in all sectors have a “ general duty ” to provide a safe work environment under the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , OSHA , which some suggest is reason enough to terminate workers who test positive for THC .
Then , of course , there ’s liability to consider .
Say an employee comes to work under the influence ( of any substance ) and gets into a car accident or makes a critical mistake with a customer .
It ’s the employer who gets sued .
" It really boils down to this :
An employer 's right to maintain a drug - free workplace is critical , " says Denise Davis , a spokeswoman for the California Chamber of Commerce .
" It protects the safety of all workers and limits exposure to potentially costly litigation . "
The Law : A Moving Target
The landmark 2008 Supreme Court ruling in California , involving a systems administrator who was fired by Sacramento - based RagingWire Telecommunication ( now known as RagingWire Enterprise Soutions ) for using medical marijuana , offers the most definitive guidance for employers thus far .
The court ruled that drug testing in the state was legal , that firing an employee for use of medical marijuana was not tantamount to discrimination and that employers are not obligated to accommodate the use of medical marijuana — even outside the workplace .
In other words , while the state ’s medical marijuana laws protect patients from criminal prosecution , it provides no protection on the job .
After all , pot remains classified as an illegal substance under federal law .
“ The California Supreme Court gave carte blanche for employers to discriminate against medical marijuana patients , ” says Joe Elford , legal counsel for Americans for Safe Access , a medical marijuana advocacy group .
But the door remains open for less rigid interpretation .
At present , seven medical marijuana states have implicit employee protections in place , where the law mentions only on - the - job consumption or impairment as grounds for termination — Colorado , Hawaii , Michigan , Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico and Vermont .
Two others , Rhode Island and Maine , have explicit protections for medical marijuana patients written into their legislation .
For example , the 2006 legislative bill that legalized the use of medical marijuana in Rhode Island states that “ no school , employer or landlord may refuse to enroll , employ or lease to or otherwise penalize a person solely for his or her status as a card holder ” ( of medical marijuana ) .
Thus far , however , none have been tested in court .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad said Saturday that the Palestinian people will celebrate the Holy Fire vigil in Jerusalem next year .
Speaking at the end of Easter celebrations in Bethlehem , Fayyad said , " Next year , Inshallah ( God willing ) , we shall celebrate in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in east Jerusalem , the capital of the Palestinian state . "
Church of the Holy Sepulchre ‏ ( צילום : AFP ) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
" Our people , joined by all humanity , will celebrate the creation of the Palestinian independent state on all 1967 borders , a state whose capital shall be Jerusalem , " Fayyad added .
He continued , " We want this state to be based on the principles of humanity and justice represented in this holiday ; our people strive to free themselves from the burden of occupation through popular resistance and setting positive facts on the ground . "
Fayyad noted that the Palestinian people are taking constant steps to implement their goals by achieving freedom , independence and the right of return , " in order to live in dignity in a state and a homeland of their own . "
Foundations of a state
Fayyad added that the Palestinians are also working on setting the foundations for an independent state .
" The dawn of liberty shall sprout from all of the Old City 's alleys in Nablus , in Hebron and in all of the communities and refugee camps in the West Bank and the ( Gaza ) Strip .
" We are determined to reach safe haven and freedom and are continuing to work on establishing state institutions and infrastructure . "
Fayyad further noted , " The Palestinian state is being built these days brick by brick , step by step and we continue to broaden services for our people to fortify its standing , especially in the areas which have been damaged by the fence and the settlements . "
Earlier on Saturday thousands of Christian pilgrims gathered at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre for the Holy Fire ceremony .
According to Christian tradition , Jesus was crucified and buried at the site and the fire burns above his grave on the Saturday before Easter .
Is Racial Insensitivity a Crime ?
There ’s no question that getting on a store ’s PA system and asking all black people to leave the store is stupid and wrong .
However , is it illegal ?
That ’s the question I want to ask as we hear about another incident involving a PA system hijacking , this time at a Whole Foods in New Jersey .
For the second time in less than a month , a New Jersey teenager has been arrested for allegedly making a racist announcement over a store ’s public address system . …
A 14 - year - old girl reportedly grabbed the microphone at the store ’s courtesy desk and said , “ All blacks leave the store . ”
A store employee immediately called the police , according to the Record , and the girl and a 14 - year - old boy who was with her were taken into custody moments later .
The girl is reportedly charged with bias intimidation and harassment .
The store has every right to ask them to leave .
They have every right to threaten to arrest them for trespassing if they return .
But should they be arrested for saying something stupid ?
Our 1st amendment freedom of speech has been interpreted so broadly that it even protects pornography .
It certainly protects unpopular political and religious ideas and other opinions .
Why then would it not protect these morons ?
Let me ask you this : is n’t it a dangerous path to go down when people can be arrested for saying “ mean ” things to a group of people ?
This is a double edged sword .
Do we arrest left wing groups which say hateful things about the right ?
Do we arrest right wing groups which say hateful things about the left ?
Why are n’t the Black Panthers being arrested for mere speech about white people ?
It remains unclear to me why these young people pulling stupid pranks are being singled out for what is clearly unconstitutional restriction of freedom of speech .
Developers and programmers are meticulous individuals , and developers sometimes stand out even among themselves .
We introduced you to 7 types of designers in our article 7 Personality Types of Designers Today .
Developers have peculiar traits and habits of their own .
This article looks at 7 types of developers today and their defining characteristics .
“ The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones .
They are an order of magnitude better , measured by whatever standard : conceptual creativity , speed , ingenuity of design or problem - solving ability . ”
— Randall E. Stross
Stereotyping is generally not good practice .
But we ’re not trying to squeeze individuals into categories .
Rather , delineating these types can help you figure out where you stand and help you understand others .
1. The Self - Help Constructor
The self - help constructor does whatever it takes to get the job done with his experience and skill , no matter how limited .
For example , he may accomplish the job by finding open - source software and other free applications and tools .
His best assets are his willingness to learn what he needs to complete the job and his ability to absorb the information like a sponge .
He is resourceful , working with whatever is available to him .
Not every client will be impressed .
Those who do n’t know any better will praise his work , but the self - help constructor does not develop applications or plug-ins himself .
He merely exploits existing tools to construct something seemingly new for clients .
With the wide range of sophisticated tools available today , this is becoming easier , but much less impressive .
2. The Experienced Old Man
He may not be the hippest guy in this energetic and creative field , but the experienced old man brings something valuable to the table : a wealth of knowledge and experience .
He may appear outdated , unable to keep up with the latest tools and technology , but he is wise and knows the basics like the back of his hand .
His battle stories of bygone days will fascinate and thrill .
He may not be the fastest or most technologically savvy , but slow and steady wins the race , and he delivers the goods as he always has .
He proves that the old - school style of coding may be antique but is n’t extinct .
He may not be your heaviest hitter , but in times of great need , you know you can count on the experienced old man to deliver .
3. The Hardcore Geek
Workaholic does n’t begin to describe the hardcore geek , this martyr of developers .
He goes beyond the call of duty to deliver the product and takes great pride in his work .
He spends his lunch hour at his desk working frantically to finish the project ahead of time .
When he allows himself a little free time , he reads books , journal articles and the like to improve himself .
Very much an introvert , he feels most comfortable in the world of code and programming jargon .
The more code the hardcore geek writes , the more content he feels .
As great as he is with code , he makes for a much better worker bee than a leader .
4. The Scholarly Know - It - All
The scholarly know - it - all is a walking encyclopedia on programming .
He can spend hours passionately discussing the history of a programming language or dissecting imperfect code .
He is the poet of the programming world , whose code is a work of art that can be appreciated and analyzed .
Recursion is his middle name , and he tweaks every block of code to perfection , regardless of timelines or readability .
He sets high standards for himself , and his work sometimes complicates matters : a task that should take only an hour to complete takes him a few months .
Mind you , he ’s not incompetent .
On the contrary , he is highly capable ; but he makes work for himself by creating new tools and libraries and even reconstructing entirely new systems , all to meet his own standards .
He feels obliged to impart his knowledge to others and share his passion for the theory and technical intricacies of coding and programming .
He tries his best to explain to clients why using state - of - the - art technology is so important .
Every project is his precious child .
The scholarly know - it - all is great to have on your team , but be sure you can get him to spend his energy on the important details , rather than waste time satisfying his urge to delve into every nook and cranny .
5 . The Ninja
The ninja is a man of few words and keeps to himself .
While similar to the hardcore geek , he has more in his life than code and work .
He is an enigma : not outright friendly or forthcoming , but he works surprisingly well on a team .
Everyone notices his tireless nature but ca n’t figure out how he does everything so well and so quickly .
There is much evidence of his work but little evidence that he did it .
“ Show do n’t tell ” describes his modus operandi best .
Never outwardly frazzled ( try as you might to throw him off ) , he resolves problems quickly and efficiently , regardless of time or place .
The ninja ’s stealth sends chills down your spine , and he leaves you wondering how he managed to accomplish his feat .
A lone ranger , he gets the job done regardless of his status on the team or his relationship with other members .
His motto ?
Do n’t have doubts ; just resolve the problem quickly and efficiently .
This no-nonsense attitude makes him an absolute joy to work with .
6. The Clever Ambassador
The clever ambassador is the face of the team .
He is outspoken and the unofficial project manager .
His knowledge of software development , project workflows and code theory is adequate , but he does very little of the actual programming or work .
He is quick to pick up leads and great at communicating with clients .
He is the consummate ring - master , able to please both clients ( the ferocious lions ) and team members ( the elephants that could easily trample him if they wanted ) .
In his supervisory role , the clever ambassador ensures that every project meets the requirements and satisfies the client .
He is the go - between , representing the development team for the client and balancing client satisfaction with practicality .
Having to walk this tight rope , he often feels that he should be better compensated , despite never doing any heavy lifting ( i.e. coding ) .
He is the model who sits pretty in front of the camera selling the product , while the rest of the team ( make - up artists , hair stylists , etc. ) works behind the scenes , receiving lower payment for what amounts to the same work .
7. The Half - Cup Speedster
The half - cup speedster takes on multiple projects at once .
He works much faster than most , but his amazing quantity is tarnished by its quality : his speed results from cutting corners and hacking core .
He feels that optimizing and checking code takes too long .
His code is messy because he does not follow best practices and never makes use of object - oriented programming ( OOP ) .
Amazingly , despite his code looking like a minefield , the product works just as intended .
Cutting corners is generally not good practice , but in an impossible crunch , the half - cup speedster might be the person for the job .
Unfortunately , much like the handwriting of physicians , his code is practically indecipherable .
Should someone need to fix a problem that surfaces later , they will surely encounter difficulties .
You ca n’t fix what you ca n’t read or understand .
Written exclusively for Webdesigner Depot by Aidan Huang , a freelance developer , designer and ingenious blogger .
He is one of the editors - in - chief at Onextrapixel .
Follow him on Twitter @AidanOXP
As we ’ve seen , there are many types of developers in the field .
Which do you most closely resemble ?
Have you met anyone who fits any of the categories mentioned here ?
Share your thoughts with us in the comments below …
A team of researchers from the Universities of Leeds , Oxford and Imperial College London have captured the 3D atomic models of a single transporter protein in each of its three main structural states .
An achievement that has been a goal of researchers from around the world for over 25 years .
The discovery offers remarkable insight into the function of one of the body 's most fundamental processes -- the movement of essential chemicals into cells of the body -- and creates the opportunity to develop brand new drugs .
Biologists have surmised that transporter proteins of this type , which sit in the cell membrane , carry molecules through the otherwise impermeable membrane by shifting between at least three distinct structural states , controlled by ion gradients .
In the first state , there is an outward - facing cavity .
A compound will enter this cavity and attach to a binding site whereupon the protein will move to a second state with the cargo locked inside .
The third state is formed when the protein opens up a cavity on the inward - facing side to release the compound into the cell .
The switch between outward and inward - facing sides works rather like a ' kissing gate ' in which the cavity is either on one side or the other but there is never a direct channel through the protein .
However , until now , scientists had never observed the structural details of these three states in a single protein and theories about how the mechanism worked in detail were based on stitching together their observations from different transporters .
advertisement
" Previous models gave us a broad understanding of the mechanism involved , but this could never really be usefully applied for drug development , " says Professor Peter Henderson of the University of Leeds .
" The goal for researchers in this area has always been to observe the entire mechanism in a single protein . "
The research , published in Science , reports the mapping of the inward - facing structure of the bacterial Mhp1 transporter protein , the third structural state that they have determined for this protein .
The team has been studying Mhp1 for more than ten years and their observations of the first two structures were published in Science in October 2008 .
The protein was produced in Leeds ; the structures were determined by X - ray crystallography and analysed at Imperial College and the Imperial College Membrane Protein Laboratory ( MPL ) located at Diamond Light Source .
To further investigate the transitions between the three states of the protein dynamic molecular simulations were carried out at Oxford University .
" This third structure completes the picture and we can now understand Mhp1's ' alternating access ' mechanism in great detail , " said Dr Alexander Cameron , from the Division of Molecular Biosciences at Imperial College London .
" We also unexpectedly found that the structures are similar across many transporter proteins previously thought to be different , so we 're expecting our model to help achieve some rapid progress in the research of colleagues around the world . "
The detailed knowledge of the mechanism could unlock new drug developments in several ways , says Professor Henderson .
" Altering the delivery of compounds into a cell is one potential benefit for treating illness .
For example this could be useful in treating conditions where certain chemicals are lacking and need boosting permanently -- such as serotonin for those suffering from depression and glucose for those with diabetes . "
The mechanism 's detail is already being used by chemists in the EU - funded European Drug Initiative on Channels and Transporters consortium ( EDICT ) , which Professor Henderson leads .
" We 've found around 20 compounds that match Mhp1 's binding site , and of these , three have been shown to bind .
I think we are entering an exciting period of discovery . "
" It 's taken a long time to get to this point -- over ten years -- but then difficult science takes time .
This is the point at which blue skies research evolves into useful applications , " says Professor Henderson .
" It 's the best thing I 've been involved in during my academic career . "
Funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) , the EU , the Japanese Science and Technology Agency and the Wellcome Trust , the research team comprises : Professor Henderson and colleagues from Leeds , who expressed and purified the Mhp1 protein ; Professor So Iwata , Dr Alex Cameron and colleagues from Imperial College London and the MPL who imaged the crystals and combined all the information to propose a mechanism for the alternating access model ; and Professor Mark Sansom and Dr Oliver Beckstein from the University of Oxford who authenticated the plausibility of the transitions between the three states .
Professor Henderson says that the next step is to investigate what triggers the protein to change between the states and the team has secured further funding from BBSRC and the EDICT consortium to pursue this .
Americans know tornadoes like no one else .
The U.S. averages 1,200 twisters a year , more than any other country on Earth , and their intensity is infamous — the worst can be a mile wide , rotate at 300 mph and plow along at 70 mph .
Yet despite being target practice for these atmospheric power drills , America 's tornado mythos is still cloaked in mystery and misunderstanding .
That 's understandable , considering tornadoes ' stealthy nature — sudden appearances , erratic behavior and brief lifespans make them elusive subjects to study — but science has nonetheless learned a lot in recent decades .
Tornadoes can occur any time of year , but they wage all - out war on the U.S. during spring and summer .
With another tornado season already ramping up , below is a guide to how tornadoes work , when and where to expect them , and what you can do to make it out alive .
How tornadoes work
A mesocyclone is often identifiable by a rotating wall cloud , like in this thunderstorm over Texas .
NOAA
Tornadoes produce the strongest winds on Earth , but they owe all their energy to the chaotic clouds that birth them .
Thunderstorms are common worldwide — there may be 700 to 2,000 going on at any given time — but only a fraction of them become severe enough to form a tornado .
They all work about the same way , though :
The sun heats up water vapor until it rises , cools and condenses into huge cumulonimbus clouds , which gradually collapse on themselves , leading to rain , hail and lightning .
A thunderstorm alone is a violent force , but under certain conditions , things can get much worse .
Before a thunderstorm forms , winds begin quickly changing speed and direction .
If some gusts are redirected while already rising and accelerating , they can collaborate with colliding air masses to help trigger an invisible , horizontal vortex high in the clouds .
As rising air keeps feeding the storm 's growth , these " updrafts " also tilt the vortex until it 's vertical , sometimes getting trapped by its suction in the process .
In strong storms , that may stir up a broad , rotating chunk of lower atmosphere known as a " mesocyclone " ( pictured above ) , which can span several miles across .
Mesocyclones make up the cores of supercell thunderstorms .
A thunderstorm 's consumption of warm , moist air leaves behind an extreme low - pressure zone underneath the clouds , creating a vacuum effect that can tug on the storm 's base until a " wall cloud " descends .
If the storm is strong enough and the atmospheric pressure is low enough , the rotating mesocyclone may also extend down a concentrated , supercharged funnel cloud known as a tornado .
Tornadoes spin violently as they siphon up any remaining humidity , a last - ditch effort to keep their thunderstorms going — similar to finishing a drink with a straw .
When this quest for warm moisture brings the funnel in contact with the ground , it can be devastating for anything or anyone in its way .
Where and when tornadoes strike
A rope tornado snakes to the ground .
Craig ONeal / Flickr
It 's no coincidence the U.S. regularly tops 1,200 tornadoes a year — the country 's midsection is a sitting duck .
North America 's lack of east - west mountain ranges lets huge air masses from the Arctic , the Southwest and the Gulf of Mexico move freely over the continent , which they do vigorously in spring and summer .
The resulting collisions above the Great Plains churn up " Tornado Alley 's " namesake storms .
Oklahoma endures the most tornadoes of any state , but it 's got close company in Texas and Kansas .
While Tornado Alley has no official boundaries , it essentially stretches from the Appalachians to the Rockies , with a core of high activity running from South Dakota to central Texas .
" Dixie Alley " is another U.S. region frequented by funnel clouds , hugging the Gulf Coast and also powered by its outflow of warm , moist air .
Florida is the most tornado - prone state outside Tornado Alley thanks to its almost daily summer thunderstorms .
Although there 's no true tornado season , funnels usually start flying in late February or March , pick up steam in April and hitting their peak in May .
Destructive tornadoes remain common through June and July , and some parts of the country even experience a second mini-season in fall , usually in September .
Since tornadoes run on warm air , they usually occur in the afternoon or at night , after hours of sun exposure has heated up the air enough to become unstable and ready to rise .
The most common hour for tornadoes is 5 p.m. , followed by 6 and 7 p.m. ; they form least often between 3 and 9 a.m .
How to survive a tornado
The aftermath of a tornado in New Orleans .
Mark Gstohl / Flickr
Extreme wind speeds and suction make tornadoes the deadly threats they are , but the main risks to people are almost always flying debris and falling buildings .
Tornadoes can turn anything into a missile , often penetrating buildings ' walls as they toss around various projectiles , and their ability to flatten a city in minutes is well - known .
If a tornado warning is issued — meaning a funnel cloud has been spotted nearby — take shelter immediately .
( For more safety tips , see the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's advice on preparing for a tornado . )
Your main goal during a tornado should be to avoid the path of any flying or falling debris , which causes the most tornado - related deaths .
If you 're outside , that means getting low to the ground — and do n't hide under bridges or overpasses , which could collapse and actually cause winds to speed up .
Do n't try to outrun a tornado in your car , either , the CDC says .
Get out and find an open , treeless place that does n't have many potential projectiles .
Drop into a ditch or other low - lying area and protect your head with an object or your arms .
If you 're inside , the first rule is to avoid windows , which are known to shatter under pressure from a tornado .
Since strong tornadoes can crush entire buildings , the best place to wait one out is the interior part of a basement or cellar .
If you can't get underground , head for a windowless central room , hallway or closet on the lowest floor possible .
For extra safety , take cover under something sturdy , like a heavy table or workbench .
But think about what 's on the floor above you if you 're in a two - story building — heavy objects like pianos or refrigerators can fall through .
Mobile homes are notorious tornado targets since they 're so easily flipped over and ripped apart by the ferocious winds .
The CDC and the Federal Emergency Management Agency recommend leaving mobile homes during a tornado warning , even if they 're tied down .
Head to the nearest basement if you can reach one , or just follow the rules for protecting yourself outdoors .
The threat is n't necessarily over when a tornado fades away .
More could still form , and even if the storm is over , the damage can be deceptively dangerous — loose nails , broken glass and downed power lines are just a few of the risks hidden amid the rubble .
Take a look at the CDC's After a Tornado guide for tips on what to do next .
Here 's a video showing several tornadoes in action , with a warning to turn the sound down to mute the videographer 's reaction :
Tags
There is evidence that Plato 's Republic is an exposition of the logical consequences of basing civic and personal life on injustice .
It condemns political life based on institutionalized injustice — specifically theft and plunder .
This evidence contradicts the idea that Socrates ' discussion of an imaginary polis —
Greek city - state — is a model for an ideal , just society .
The title is The Republic , or Politeia in Greek , yet the primary theme is not politics .
The work is a dialogue about justice and whether the unjust man is happier than the just man .
The middle of the dialogue contains a discussion of politics and a hypothetical polis in order to define justice .
When the dialogue is viewed as a whole , there is evidence that Plato 's fictional Socrates is using irony to ridicule the views of justice expressed by the Athenians in the dialogue .
The dialogue contains strong , short , and often - overlooked statements by Socrates that the imagined " ideal " polis is based on injustice and crime — specifically theft and plunder .
Socrates demonstrates that a polis featuring tyranny , lying , censorship , elitism , and communism is the logical implication both of the Greek characters ' ill - formed ideas of justice and of their undeveloped love of justice .
Constructing the Polis
The dialogue begins with the characters discussing justice .
They have trouble defining justice and question the benefit of justice for man .
Socrates says he will create an imaginary , ideal polis as a teaching device .
The polis will help them understand justice and injustice by showing them on a larger scale .
The polis did not mean to the Greeks only the city - state 's government .
It meant the city in all its aspects , in the sense of the community or society , as well as what we call " government " or " the state . "
Socrates ' discussion runs as follows : exchange is the root of the polis .
A basic community is composed of people living together and producing for their " needs , " including food , shelter , and clothing .
The polis is a purely economic arrangement .
The argument continues : Division of labor is key .
A community requires many members to meet the basic needs of everyone .
Farmers need people who make tools .
Retailers and merchants are required .
Even with large numbers there is dependence on outside imports just to provide the basic needs , defined as food , shelter , and clothing .
There is no mention of priests , rulers , nobles , kings , officials , slaves , taxes , censors , guardians , philosopher kings , etc .
Hearing no objections , Socrates tells the audience he has illustrated justice .
He makes this clear by asking , " Where , then , is justice , and where is injustice , and in what part of the State did they spring up ? " [ 1 ]
The reply is , " Probably in the dealings of these citizens with one another .
I cannot imagine that they are more likely to be found anywhere else . "
This is a key point : everyone is living justly in a society of free cooperation , free enterprise , and free trade .
Socrates goes on to state that the people will live within their means and will not have too many children , " having an eye to poverty or war . " [ 2 ]
Socrates emphasizes that this is a functioning community with farmers , tradesmen , and paid laborers cooperating to supply basic wants , with no need for slaves and rulers .
Justice has been illustrated in Book II .
Yet the dialogue continues for many more books because Socrates ' audience is not satisfied with justice .
Glaucon 's Luxurious Polis
Glaucon does not see the value of the just polis .
His reaction to this polis is scornful : " if you were providing for a city of pigs , how else would you feed the beasts ? " [ 3 ]
He says , " you should give them the ordinary conveniences of life .
People who are to be comfortable are accustomed to lie on sofas , and dine off tables , and they should have sauces and sweets in the modern style . "
He is intensely interested in living in what was then the lap of luxury .
Socrates says that when we see how a " luxurious state " is created
we shall be more likely to see how justice and injustice originate .
In my opinion the true and healthy constitution of the State is the one which I have described .
But if you wish also to see a State at fever heat , I have no objection . [ 4 ]
Socrates is clear that Glaucon 's luxurious state is undesirable — it is at a " fever heat , " and is opposed to a " healthy constitution . "
Socrates plays along with Glaucon .
He mentions all the luxuries people will desire , including gold and ivory that must be procured .
Glaucon agrees this is important — he wants to know how people will be given luxuries .
The word " give " is actually used .
[ 5 ]
Glaucon does not ask how the people can gain these luxuries through their own efforts or how they are produced in the first place .
Socrates leads Glaucon through a chain of arguments :
This luxurious state requires many more people to create all the luxuries .
The country is now too small .
The polis will inevitably go to war to seize its neighbors ' land to gain wealth .
Glaucon finds none of this objectionable .
How Justice and Injustice Originate
Glaucon agrees that going to war to seize land is necessary .
Typically , seizing land is considered as stealing and unjust , and this is a dialogue about justice .
This may have been even more unjust to Greek ears than it would be , say , to those Europeans of the modern era reading Plato and used to the numerous wars waged by kings for land , and the idea of the right of conquest .
Greek culture , like many others , saw the basis of all morality and religion in respect for boundaries and limits .
Greek society was based on private farms and sacredly independent poleis .
Poleis never unified or merged .
It is hard to imagine anything more immoral to Greeks than using force to overturn sacred boundaries and limits .
Ancient Greeks did not fight wars of conquest the way European kings did .
Socrates ' modest proposal to seize land appears ironic and outrageous — similar to proposals seen as outrageous today , such as invading countries for their oil or living space and selling enemies into slavery .
Yet in this dialogue on justice , seizing land is not justified , but agreed to as a necessity by Glaucon .
Socrates condemns seizing land : " now we have discovered war to be derived from causes which are also the causes of almost all the evils in States , private as well as public . " [ 6 ]
– Socrates " Are suits decided on any other ground , but that a man may neither take what is another 's , nor be deprived of what is his own ? "
Much later in the dialogue Socrates defines justice with the question , " Are suits decided on any other ground but that a man may neither take what is another 's , nor be deprived of what is his own ? " [ 7 ]
Clearly Socrates believes seizing land is unjust .
In the previous polis we saw where justice originates .
Now we see where injustice originates : people like Glaucon believe we should war against our neighbors for gain .
Socrates has switched from exploring a polis based on acquiring wealth through the economic means to one acquiring it via political means .
To illustrate justice and injustice , Socrates proceeds to expand on the luxurious polis .
The radical ideas on politics are the logical implications of the idea that the polis is to be based on plunder .
Logically , Plato is saying politics is essentially plunder — an idea associated more with Bastiat and Voltaire and classical - liberal class analysis than with ancient Greeks .
Glaucon 's Worldview
It is not stated directly why Glaucon eagerly agrees that wars of conquest are logical and necessary .
We can speculate and use evidence from the text .
It is likely Glaucon sees wealth as something to be " given " to the people .
Wealth cannot be created by the people , it must come from an outside source .
A zero -sum worldview made sense in ancient Greece : most histories tell us that even well - to - do Greeks in cosmopolitan , free cities lived fairly Spartan lives .
The world was very poor .
Nowadays , by contrast , impoverished places like Hong Kong can in a few decades become quite wealthy through voluntary integration with the world economy .
While Socrates gives evidence that he is simply an ascetic who condemns wealth , numerous citizens living in luxury required slaves or other subjects to create wealth for them .
From reading the beginning of the dialogue , we do have a good sense of Glaucon 's general worldview .
This can help explain why Glaucon does not step back when Socrates suggests stealing land to fund Glaucon 's polis , nor when Socrates says that war and almost all other evils in the polis stem from the same cause .
Earlier , Glaucon says ,
They say that to do injustice is , by nature , good ; to suffer injustice , evil ; but that the evil is greater than the good . …
This they affirm to be the origin and nature of justice ; — it is a mean or compromise , between the best of all , which is to do injustice and not be punished , and the worst of all , which is to suffer injustice without the power of retaliation . [ 8 ]
Socrates can be seen as playing with Glaucon just as he does with many others in order to expose their ideas .
Socrates knows Glaucon will accept a polis based on plunder and full of extreme ideas , because the residents of this hypothetical polis would suffer no injustice , which would be an evil .
On the contrary , they gain by injustice , which is seen as good .
For Glaucon , justice is not good in itself , but a compromise to avoid evil .
The highest good would be to commit injustice with impunity .
Socrates uses aspects of the polis , similar to what we call the state , to illustrate the corruption of justice in the minds of Athenians .
He takes advantage of the human tendency to excuse actions ostensibly done for public gain that would be condemned if done for private gain .
The Implications of Glaucon 's Ideas or Lack Thereof
Glaucon believes that the highest good would be to commit injustice with impunity , including fighting wars to seize wealth .
How then can a state survive with impunity ?
Socrates continues his argument roughly as follows : war requires men to fight , and the division of labor means a soldier class is the most effective .
These are called Guardians .
They will keep the polis safe from enemies seeking revenge or plunder .
Socrates points out the inherent potential for class conflict — the Guardians could plunder the polis itself .
He asks how we keep the fierce soldier class from being a threat to the community itself .
This gives Glaucon cause for concern .
The idea of a separate class of soldiers was also unusual in Greece — citizens were the soldiers .
Socrates keeps pushing the logical implications .
He suggests that education and ideas must be censored .
He compares the Guardians to dogs .
He says that Guardians cannot lead normal lives with possessions such as money , houses , and families .
Viewed ironically , these proposals are intended to startle a complacent reader into thinking .
Plato suggests in his other works that those who regulate and have power in the state should not use money .
Money and wealth corrupt .
The powerful will use their power to gain wealth .
Plato apparently also thinks little of money being in the hands of any citizens .
In a society where citizens were the small class who wielded political power , Plato probably saw that the combination of citizens ' power and love of money corrupts the citizens .
It is possible Plato even made the explicit argument that if citizens did not want to give up power , then they would have to give up money .
In The Republic , too , Plato argues through Socrates that the Guardians ' lack of possessions like money , houses , and families prevents the Guardians from being corrupted by the desire for possessions .
Glaucon 's polis requires the creation of an entire class of people with lives radically different from those of free Greeks : no longer shall free men , citizens , and those who fight and bear arms be one and the same .
The dialogue continues from there with well - known results .
Because Glaucon believes there is no way for the community to achieve wealth and luxuries without seizing wealth , the dialogue 's hypothetical community is distorted unrecognizably .
Ironically the polis ' most important members live in a state of communism — there is little luxurious about the state for them .
Socrates even discusses the decline of the polis , which would not happen if the polis was a healthily functioning ideal .
The Corruption of Athens
Socrates ' opponents throughout the dialogue are incapable of recognizing or objecting to legalized or institutionalized injustice .
They were earlier incapable of seeing the benefits of justice in itself .
His opponents have no sense of justice — and no way to resist Socrates ' arguments .
Socrates is well - known for using irony to expose his opponent 's ideas as ridiculous .
By accepting one outrageous proposal after another , their moral vacuum is betrayed .
While Socrates was accused of corrupting the youth , there is much to illustrate that Athens was corrupt to the core .
Solon also noted the Athenians ' desire for plunder :
The ambition of the rich knows no bounds ; the most wealthy wish to grow yet more so .
Who may be able to assuage this insatiable greed !
They respect neither sacred property nor public treasure ; they plunder all , in defiance of the sacred laws of justice . [ 9 ]
What is Justice ?
Socrates does in fact reach a conclusion about justice : " Yes , we often said that one man should do one thing only .
Further , we affirmed that justice was doing one 's own business , and not being a busybody ; we said so again and again , and many others have said the same to us . " [ 10 ]
He continues his dialogue with Glaucon :
SOCRATES : And are suits decided on any other ground , but that a man may neither take what is another 's , nor be deprived of what is his own ?
GLAUCON : Yes , that is their principle .
SOCRATES : Which is a just principle ? [ 11 ]
Followed by
SOCRATES : And is not the creation of justice the institution of a natural order and government of one by another in the parts of the soul , and the creation of injustice the production of a state of things at variance with the natural order ? [ 12 ]
As we can see , this conclusion about justice implies that a polis based upon theft of neighbors ' land is unjust and therefore undesirable .
Conclusion
In The Republic , Socrates uses the polis to illustrate justice .
His healthy polis is rejected by Glaucon , who wants luxuries .
Socrates creates a new , feverish polis to illustrate justice and injustice .
This new polis depends on theft of neighbors ' land for prosperity — an action defined by Socrates as injustice .
But Glaucon accepts this policy of theft , caring more for luxury than justice , and failing to see how prosperity might flow from justice .
Socrates then shows Glaucon the logical implications of his ideas by illustrating how a polis that benefits the citizens at the expense of others would work .
These many ideas are radical and shocking to his Greek audience .
Many of the unorthodox measures , such as communism , that Socrates suggests are required to prevent class conflict , wherein one class of citizens in the polis would directly exploit the others .
Ironically , the state is not very luxurious for the elite forced to live under communism .
The decline of the polis through various stages down to tyranny is discussed .
When Socrates has finished exposing the logical consequences of his audience 's ideas , Socrates returns to the concept of justice .
He neatly illustrates justice as each man 's right to his own property and injustice as taking or depriving a man of his property .
Socrates points out that this is the ground on which lawsuits are decided in court .
Socrates ' conversation illustrates the logic of the politics of plunder and injustice in the polis .
Socrates is able to do this because of his audience 's lack of a definition of justice .
Some may find it hard to believe that Socrates would spend so much time on an imaginary city that he condemns , but the Socratic method depends upon demonstrating ideas by walking the student through the steps and allowing bad ideas to reach their logical illogical conclusions .
The audience is unable to reject ideas that Greeks and many other people found to be shocking and radical .
Socrates can be seen as piling injustice on top of injustice till his audience opens its eyes to what they believe .
While sections of The Republic may imply that Socrates ' hypothetical polis with Guardians was a blueprint for Plato 's ideal society , The Republic contains statements to the contrary that condemn the feverish and luxurious polis .
Plato 's Republic can be seen as an exposition of an unjust social order , one that uses plunder , ostensibly to benefit the people .
Politics in Plato is a politics of plunder .
OK , first off I am very impressed with the database selections and the software as a whole .
I used BeerSmith , and Beer Tools Pro , Pro Mash , and I currently use BeerSmith 2 as my primary brewing software .
HOWEVER , I am currently doing a review of free alternatives and I came across Brewtarget .
I can honestly say that if I did not already have a license for all the software I have , I would EASILY make brewtarget my choice .
According to my tests the recipe numbers came out very close to my beersmith recipe numbers , and I have beersmith dialed in .
I took about 5 minutes to figure out Brewtarget and could get almost all my numbers right in line .
I applaud you for putting the time in for an open source option and not only that , but doing an outstanding job .
On my blog I am happily giving you a glowing review and will highly suggest it if someone does not have the beersmith license already .
This is a top notch open source option .
You have everything people are looking for ( except inventory which I personally do n't use ) .
But you have included scaling , timers , conversion tools .
The only gripe I have would be I would like to see a more concise mash options .
But what you included is very workable .
I give you a solid A on this software .
Originally published in the April 2009 issue .
Sneak peek at Esquire UK 's new cover here .
It 's pissing rain in Larchmont , where Katy Perry lives , just south of Hollywood .
The twenty - four - year - old singer gets out of a silver Audi A6 wearing a headband with a black - and - white bow , Wayfarers , and a T - shirt with Mickey and Minnie Mouse holding hands from behind .
Pencil - thin black pants with zippers all over them .
She looks like a dancer in Lionel Richie 's " Dancing on the Ceiling " video .
She takes off her glasses and she has beautiful blue eyes .
Big eyes .
Her lips are pink and pouty .
Somehow it 's impossible to get a sense of her body .
Somehow she 's hiding it .
But her eyes are gigantic .
We sit down in an empty bistro .
She looks like someone in her mid-twenties , but she has the demeanor of someone in her early thirties .
Controlled , surprisingly .
But not " media - trained " controlled .
Controlled like someone who is introspective even when you do n't ask her to be .
She acts like a local ( she grew up in Santa Barbara , California ) who 's taking a break from a long day of work ( the first stop on her first world tour is the next day , in Seattle ) .
She gets a crepe with grapes , a pineapple slice , and a wedge of watermelon .
Turns out she really likes fruit .
ESQUIRE : I thought your outfit at the MTV Europe awards was great .
Your head popped up through an apple .
It was cool .
KATY PERRY : My stylist is a continuous burst of " Yes we can . "
He dreams just as retarded as I dream .
ESQ : What are some of your retarded dreams ?
KP : I always wanted to suspend from the ceiling in a twirling banana .
I 'm going to be inside the banana .
So the banana drops into a fruit bowl with the other sparkling , glorious fruit , and their tops pop off and dancers come out and help peel me out of the banana .
I have a fascination with fruit .
Sheryl Nields
ESQ : What are you trying to achieve with your persona , with your style of dress ?
Where does that come from ?
KP : It 's Lucille Ball meets Bob Mackie .
It 's about innuendo .
I want everybody to get the joke , but I want them to think about it for a minute .
ESQ : What do you want to achieve ?
Do you want to be as big as Gwen Stefani ?
As big as Madonna ?
Bigger ?
KP : I 'd like to say I 'd like to be as big as a Gwen or a Madonna , but I think those days of achieving that level are over .
The media is bringing everybody down .
ESQ : Sorry about that .
How are you adjusting to the paparazzi ?
KP : I do n't ever do anything to try and bring it upon myself .
There are ten thousand other restaurants besides the Ivy .
I 'm not obsessed with getting my picture taken .
You know , there 's just so much taken out of context .
There 's so much nit-picking .
I turned my data alerts off .
ESQ : So you have n't seen the shot of you in your green bikini ?
KP : Well , yeah , I read Us Weekly .
ESQ : When I was listening to your album , I figured out your favorite chords .
KP : A minor ?
ESQ : G , A minor , F , and C .
Are you a guitarhead ?
KP : I 'm not a guitarhead .
But I love acoustic guitars .
I love Martins and Taylors .
I mostly play Taylors .
I can't find my pink SG right now .
All my guitars are pretty obnoxiously colored .
Except my Taylor , which is just my Taylor .
ESQ : In an interview you said you were influenced by " classic No Doubt . "
I almost choked on my —
KP : I 'm talking classic No Doubt in the early nineties , when Gwen did " Do n't Speak " in the garage .
Sheryl Nields
ESQ : That 's why I choked .
What about the eighties ?
KP : Pat Benatar , Joan Jett , Chrissie Hynde .
I 'm obsessed with Freddie Mercury .
ESQ : As a showman or a vocalist ?
KP : In all capacities .
He was someone out there who is respected .
He 's the real deal .
You know how everyone has their one magical moment in hearing something they love ?
ESQ : And they play it over and over , yeah .
KP : That happened with me and Queen .
ESQ : With what song ?
KP : " Killer Queen . "
ESQ : What are you listening to right now ?
Sheryl Nields
KP : Queen , continuously .
And the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds .
I had a relationship and that 's all we listened to .
Patty Griffin .
I love all the big pop stuff .
I thought Beyoncé made a great pop record .
ESQ : Now that you 're single , what type of guy do you want ?
KP : I have a soft spot for musicians .
If a man could ride this roller coaster with me and come out alive , then I guess we 'd deserve each other 's company .
But I do n't really have the right energy to be with somebody right now , because when I love somebody , I love somebody .
Like , I want to marry them .
I do n't date around .
I have n't been on a date .
ESQ : You have n't been on a date ?
KP : Not really .
I 'm not into casual anything .
ESQ : Your folks are conservative .
Are they supportive ?
KP : People can't fathom that my pastor parents could actually support the wild - child daughter .
But they 're very moderate , you know ?
ESQ : Probably made you get the Jesus tattoo .
KP : I got that when I was eighteen , on the Sunset Strip .
I was with my boyfriend , and I just wanted to get something so I would always remember where I came from .
My dad has four tattoos , and they all say " Jesus . "
ESQ : Who were you channeling at the photo shoot ?
KP : I aimed a little bit sexy with the hair .
I wanted to just grow up a little bit .
I 'll be twenty - five this year .
ESQ : You 're trying to grow out of the banana ?
KP : No .
But I can't always play the innocent Lolita sex kitten .
ESQ : Do you think that affects the way people perceive your music ?
KP : Yep .
It 's the whole package .
But people who want to tag along for the ride , they 'll understand and they 'll get the joke and they 'll realize that I wrote the fucking joke .
Fashion credits : First photo : Vintage Yves Saint Laurent night coat from The Way We Wore , Los Angeles ; Corset & Panties by Agent Provocateur ; Stockings by Victoria 's Secret ; Ring - stylist 's own ; Necklace by Jennifer Meyer .
Second photo : Vintage Yves Saint Laurent night coat from The Way We Wore , Los Angeles ; Corset & Panties by Agent Provocateur ; Necklace by Jennifer Meyer .
Third photo : Leopard cat suit by Agent Provocateur ; Stockings by H&M ; Vintage panther brooch from The Way We Wore , Los Angeles ; Ring by Sara Weinstock .
Fourth photo : Sweater by Sonia Rykiel .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
UNTIL the 1970s , Major League Baseball was a populist sport .
Bleacher seats cost as little as a dollar , meaning middle - or even working - class fans could afford to take their families to a game a few times each season .
But in the years since , tickets to baseball games  along with other professional sports events  have skyrocketed in cost .
Over the last two decades , the average ticket price for a Chicago Cubs game has increased 265 percent , more than four times the inflation rate .
Add in parking , concessions and souvenirs , and a family trip to one of this week ’s opening day games could easily cost a few hundred dollars .
There are many reasons for the price explosion , but a critical factor has been the ability of businesses to write off tickets as entertainment expenses  essentially a huge , and wholly unnecessary , government subsidy .
These deductions have led to higher ticket prices in two ways .
On the demand side , they have fueled competition for scarce seats , with business taxpayers bidding in part with dollars they save through the deductions .
Mr. Raabe , who was also a wartime aviator and the first Little Oscar , the mascot of the Oscar Mayer meat company , died Friday in Orange Park , Fla. , at 94 .
Bob Rigel , president of the Penney Retirement Community in Penney Farms , Fla. , where Mr. Raabe had lived since 1986 , said that the cause had not been officially determined but that it was presumed to be a heart attack .
Image Meinhardt Raabe holding the death certificate for the Wicked Witch of the East in “ The Wizard of Oz. ” Credit ...
MGM
At his death , Mr. Raabe was one of a handful of surviving Munchkins from the film .
With his high - collared indigo cloak and curly brimmed hat , Mr. Raabe ’s character was known to generations of moviegoers for his official proclamation , sung in warbling tones as he unfurled an outsize death certificate :
The Wicked Witch of the East was dead , the victim of blunt force trauma from an errant Kansas farmhouse .
At four feet , Mr. Raabe ( pronounced Robby ) was among the taller little people , or midgets as they were then known , hired for the film ’s Munchkinland scenes .
Though more than 100 Munchkins appeared on screen , his role was one of just a few with dialogue  lines he obligingly repeated , month in and month out , for the next 70 years as a motivational speaker before school groups , Rotary Clubs and Oz conventions .
Meinhardt Raabe was born on Sept. 2 , 1915 , in Watertown , Wis .
Though he never surpassed 4 feet 7 inches at his tallest ( he continued to grow till he was in his 30s ) , he did not hear the word “ dwarf , ” or even “ midget , ” until he was a young adult .
No one in his community had seen a person with dwarfism before .
Growing up , he later said , he assumed there was no one else in the world like him .
That changed in 1933 , when the young Mr. Raabe visited the Midget Village at the Chicago World ’s Fair .
There before his eyes was a world of men and women just like him .
Thrilled , he took a job as a barker there the next summer .
It would be based , at least initially , on the West Coast , probably at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Under the Obama plan , the Prompt Global Strike warhead would be mounted on a long - range missile to start its journey toward a target .
It would travel through the atmosphere at several times the speed of sound , generating so much heat that it would have to be shielded with special materials to avoid melting .
( In that regard , it is akin to the problem that confronted designers of the space shuttle decades ago . )
But since the vehicle would remain within the atmosphere rather than going into space , it would be far more maneuverable than a ballistic missile , capable of avoiding the airspace of neutral countries , for example , or steering clear of hostile territory .
Its designers note that it could fly straight up the middle of the Persian Gulf before making a sharp turn toward a target .
The Pentagon hopes to deploy an early version of the system by 2014 or 2015 .
But even under optimistic timetables , a complete array of missiles , warheads , sensors and control systems is not expected to enter the arsenal until 2017 to 2020 , long after Mr. Obama will have left office , even if he is elected to a second term .
The planning for Prompt Global Strike is being headed by Gen. Kevin P. Chilton of the Air Force , the top officer of the military ’s Strategic Command and the man in charge of America ’s nuclear arsenal .
In the Obama era — where every administration discussion of nuclear weapons takes note of Mr. Obama ’s commitment to moving toward “ Global Zero , ” the elimination of the nuclear arsenal — the new part of General Chilton ’s job is to talk about conventional alternatives .
In an interview at his headquarters at Offutt Air Force Base , General Chilton described how the conventional capability offered by the proposed system would give the president more choices .
“ Today , we can present some conventional options to the president to strike a target anywhere on the globe that range from 96 hours , to several hours maybe , 4 , 5 , 6 hours , ” General Chilton said .
That would simply not be fast enough , he noted , if intelligence arrived about a movement by Al Qaeda terrorists or the imminent launching of a missile .
“ If the president wants to act on a particular target faster than that , the only thing we have that goes faster is a nuclear response , ” he said .
Last week Nvidia held an investor meeting where company CEO Jen - Hsun Huang took over the microphone to speak on several interesting points .
One obvious point was the launch and critical reception of the Fermi - based chips , the GeForce GTX 480 and GTX 470 .
Even casual onlookers will see that the first wave of GF100 GPUs is in short supply .
While the first batch of retail cards will be hitting this week , they 're still two weeks behind the media launch from March 26 .
The Nvidia CEO admitted that his company can't take manufacturing advances for granted .
" From a supply perspective , we wish we had more 40 - nm capacity , " Huang said , according to Venture Beat .
" We are working with TSMC really closely .
They are doing a fab job .
Yields are improving .
Capacities are improving .
But we are finding it hard to keep up .
Everyone is clamoring to have Fermis out the door .
We are working really hard to get Fermis out the door . "
Nvidia is now taking additional steps to ensure that such a lag will be avoided in the future by dedicating several engineers to manufacturing issues .
The company hopes that this will help it ease through the next manufacturing transition that it expects to occur in 18 months .
Even with the problems at the 40nm process , the Nvidia wants to transition its full product line for the sake of higher margins – a positive aspect that comes with process shrinks .
The company has a gross profit margin of around 30 percent for 55nm chips , while the 40nm products will result in a 40 percent profit margin .
Despite Nvidia 's technical achievements , the GeForce GTX 480 and GTX 470 cards have been met with some less - than - stellar reviews , at least in light of AMD 's success with its current ATI GPU offerings .
According to Venture Beat , Huang blames some of the criticism on the fact that Nvidia did n't give reviewers enough time to evaluate the product .
Nevertheless , the CEO feels a lot better now that Fermi is out the door .
" What ’s different now is Fermi is in production , " he said .
" Two years ago , I was just fantasizing about it . "
President Obama is the most popular world leader , according to a new international poll .
Obama received 77 % support from respondents in the U.S. , Italy , Spain , France , Britain and Germany .
He just edged out the Dalai Lama , who garnered 75 % support .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonTrump crowd chants ' lock her up ' about Omar as president warns of refugees in Minnesota Democrats say Biden survived brutal debate — and that 's enough Comey defends FBI Russia probe from GOP criticism MORE came in at 62 % , with Pope Benedict XVI receiving just 36 % support .
The least popular ?
Moammar Gadhafi of Libya , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and Chinese President Hu Jintao .
The poll was conducted by Harris Interactive and surveyed 6,135 individuals between the ages of 16 and 64 .
“ Be glad of life , ” my student ’s Facebook status said , “ because it gives you the chance to love , to work , to play , and to look up at the stars . ”
The quote comes from American clergyman and author Henry Van Dyke , but the sentiment could ’ve come from me .
I love looking into the night sky and being filled with wonder at the vastness of it all .
Fewer things strike me as more beautiful , fewer things feel so profound , as when I look up and see infinity .
On some nights , I can see a million stars .
There are so many , maybe it ’s a million million .
That ’s an exaggeration .
I know that astronomers have actually figured out how many stars are visible from earth with the naked eye on a clear night .
I do n’t remember the figure .
But for me , looking up at the heavens , science does n’t matter one single bit .
The sky is filled with a million million stars .
It ’s what infinity looks like .
Sometimes , depending on where I am and what time of year it is , I can see the Milky Way airbrushed in an arc across the sky .
Sometimes it ’s so faint that I almost have to pretend it ’s there ; other times it ’s so bright I feel like I ’m about to be showered with stardust .
Looking at the night sky is n’t just a chance to glimpse infinity , either .
It ’s a chance to glimpse eternity , too .
The universe is so old and so big that light reaching us from some of those stars was actually cast in our direction billions of years ago .
Even at the ridiculously fast speed of light ( 186,282 miles per second ) , those stars are so far away that it has taken all that time for their light to reach earth .
The light we see , in those cases , is billions of years old .
Stargazing , then , is a form of time travel because in the light of stars we see the primordial past .
We also see stories in the stars .
Heroes and villains and magical creatures : Hercules , Orion , Andromeda , Cassiopeia , Pegasus , Draco .
Other cultures saw different figures .
Modern astronomers recognize eighty - eight constellations .
Once upon a time , I used to , too .
Now I ’m lucky to pick out the dippers and the question mark of Leo and a few others .
Orion remains a steadfast companion whose company I enjoy on my stargazing nights .
He stands vigil — or perhaps he ’s standing guard — during the winter months .
When he disappears for the summer , I miss him , and I always welcome his return in the fall .
He ’s one of my oldest friends ( and in a literal sense , he ’s the oldest friend because he ’s millions of years old ) .
It ’s a little harder , here in the middle of town , with light pollution dulling the sky and domesticated trees along the sidewalk blocking the view , to see the stars .
Maybe that makes them all the more special , though , because I have to look harder .
How metaphoric , too , since I have to work a little harder these days to keep my sense of wonder intact .
But they are there , and they are wondrous indeed .
For being so huge , the universe gives me great comfort and peace .
“ For my part , ” said Vincent van Gogh , “ I know nothing with any certainty , but the sight of stars makes me dream . ”
And the dream , I know , is lovely and full of wonder .
This list is a follow up to Top 10 Common Faults in Human Thought .
Thanks for everyone ’s comments and feedback ; you have inspired this second list !
It is amazing that with all these biases , people are able to actually have a rational thought every now and then .
There is no end to the mistakes we make when we process information , so here are 10 more common errors to be aware of .
10 Confirmation Bias
The confirmation bias is the tendency to look for or interpret information in a way that confirms beliefs .
Individuals reinforce their ideas and attitudes by selectively collecting evidence or retrieving biased memories .
For example , I think that there are more emergency room admissions on nights where there is a full moon .
I notice on the next full moon that there are 78 ER admissions , this confirms my belief and I fail to look at admission rates for the rest of the month .
The obvious problem with this bias is that that it allows inaccurate information to be held as true .
Going back to the above example , suppose that on average , daily ER admissions are 90 .
My interpretation that 78 are more than normal is wrong , yet I fail to notice , or even consider it .
This error is very common , and it can have risky consequences when decisions are based on false information .
9 Availability Heuristic
The Availability heuristic is gauging what is more likely based on vivid memories .
The problem is individuals tend to remember unusual events more than everyday , commonplace events .
For example , airplane crashes receive lots of national media coverage .
Fatal car crashes do not .
However , more people are afraid of flying than driving a car , even though statistically airplane travel is safer .
Media coverage feeds into this bias ; because rare or unusual events such as medical errors , animal attacks and natural disasters are highly publicized , people perceive these events as having a higher probability of happening .
8 Illusion of Control
Illusion of Control is the tendency for individuals to believe they can control or at least influence outcomes that they clearly have no influence on .
This bias can influence gambling behavior and belief in the paranormal .
In studies conducted on psychokinesis , participants are asked to predict the results of a coin flip .
With a two - sided fair coin , participants will be correct 50 % of the time .
However , people fail to realize that probability or pure luck is responsible , and instead see their correct answers as confirmation of their control over external events .
Interesting Fact : when playing craps in a casino , people will throw the dice hard when they need a high number and soft when they need a low number .
In reality , the strength of the throw will not guarantee a certain outcome , but the gambler believes they can control the number they roll .
7 Planning Fallacy
The Planning fallacy is the tendency to underestimate the time needed to complete tasks .
The planning fallacy actually stems from another error , The Optimism Bias , which is the tendency for individuals to be overly positive about the outcome of planned actions .
People are more susceptible to the planning fallacy when the task is something they have never done before .
The reason for this is because we estimate based on past experiences .
For example , if I asked you how long it takes you to grocery shop , you will consider how long it has taken you in the past , and you will have a reasonable answer .
If I ask you how long it will take you to do something you have never done before , like completing a thesis or climbing Mount Everest , you have no experience to reference , and because of your inherent optimism , you will guesstimate less time than you really need .
To help you with this fallacy , remember Hofstadter ’s Law :
It always takes longer than you expect , even when you take into account Hofstadter ’s Law .
Interesting Fact : “ Realistic pessimism ” is a phenomenon where depressed or overly pessimistic people more accurately predict task completion estimations .
6 Restraint Bias
The Restraint Bias is the tendency to overestimate one ’s ability to show restraint in the face of temptation , or the “ perceived ability to have control over an impulse , ” generally relating to hunger , drug and sexual impulses .
The truth is people do not have control over visceral impulses ; you can ignore hunger , but you cannot wish it away .
You might find the saying : “ the only way to get rid of temptation is to give into it ” amusing , however , it is true .
If you want to get rid of you hunger , you have to eat .
Restraining from impulses is incredibly hard ; it takes great self - control .
However , most people think they have more control than they actually do .
For example , most addicts ’ say that they can “ quit anytime they want to , ” but this is rarely the case in real life .
Interesting Fact : unfortunately , this bias has serious consequences .
When an individual has an inflated ( perceived ) sense of control over their impulses , they tend to overexpose themselves to temptation , which in turn promotes the impulsive behavior .
5 Just - World Phenomenon
The Just - World Phenomenon is when witnesses of an injustice , in order to rationalize it , will search for things that the victim did to deserve it .
This eases their anxiety and allows them to feel safe ; if they avoid that behavior , injustice will not happen to them .
This peace of mind comes at the expense of blaming the innocent victim .
To illustrate this , a research study was done by L. Carli of Wellesley College .
Participants were told two versions of a story about interactions between a man and a woman .
In both versions , the couple ’s interactions were exactly the same , at the very end , the stories differed ; in one ending , the man raped the woman and in the other , he proposed marriage .
In both groups , participants described the woman ’s actions as inevitably leading up to the ( different ) results .
Interesting Fact :
On the other end of the spectrum , The Mean World Theory is a phenomenon where , due to violent television and media , viewers perceive the world as more dangerous than it really is , prompting excessive fear and protective measures .
4 Endowment Effect
The Endowment Effect is the idea that people will require more to give up an object than they would pay to acquire it .
It is based on the hypothesis that people place a high value on their property .
Certainly , this is not always an error ; for example , many objects have sentimental value or are “ priceless ” to people , however , if I buy a coffee mug today for one dollar , and tomorrow demand two dollars for it , I have no rationality for asking for the higher price .
This happens frequently when people sell their cars and ask more than the book value of the vehicle , and nobody wants to pay the price .
Interesting Fact : this bias is linked to two theories ; “ loss aversion ” says that people prefer to avoid losses rather than obtain gains , and “ status quo ” bias says that people hate change and will avoid it unless the incentive to change is significant .
3 Self - Serving Bias
A Self - Serving Bias occurs when an individual attributes positive outcomes to internal factors and negative outcomes to external factors .
A good example of this is grades , when I get a good grade on a test ; I attribute it to my intelligence , or good study habits .
When I get a bad grade , I attribute it to a bad professor , or poorly written exam .
This is very common as people regularly take credit for successes but refuse to accept responsibility for failures .
Interesting Fact : when considering the outcomes of others , we attribute causes exactly the opposite as we do to ourselves .
When we learn that the person who sits next to us failed the exam , we attribute it to an internal cause : that person is stupid or lazy .
Likewise , if they aced the exam , they got lucky , or the professor likes them more .
This is known as the Fundamental Attribution Error .
2 Cryptomnesia
Cryptomnesia is a form of misattribution where a memory is mistaken for imagination .
Also known as inadvertent plagiarism , this is actually a memory bias where a person ( inaccurately ) recalls producing an idea or thought .
There are many proposed causes of Cryptomnesia , including cognitive impairment , and lack of memory reinforcement .
However , it should be noted that there is no scientific proof to validate Cryptomnesia .
The problem is that the testimony of the afflicted is not scientifically reliable ; it is possible that the plagiarism was deliberate and the victim is a dirty thief .
Interesting Fact : False Memory Syndrome is a controversial condition where an individual ’s identity and relationships are affected by false memories that are strongly believed to be true by the afflicted .
Recovered Memory Therapies including hypnosis , probing questions and sedatives are often blamed for these false memories .
1 Bias Blind Spot
The Bias blind spot is the tendency not to acknowledge one ’s own thought biases .
In a research study conducted by Emily Pronin of Princeton University , participants were described different cognitive biases such as the Halo Effect and Self - Serving Bias .
When asked how biased the participants themselves were , they rated themselves as less biased than the average person .
Interesting Fact : Amazingly , there is actually a bias to explain this bias ( imagine that ! ) .
The Better - Than - Average Bias is the tendency for people to inaccurately rate themselves as better than the average person on socially desirable skills or positive traits .
Coincidentally , they also rate themselves as lower than average on undesirable traits .
+ Attribute Substitution
This is a bonus because it attempts to explain cognitive biases .
Attribute substitution is a process individuals go through when they have to make a computationally complex judgment .
Instead of making the difficult judgment , we unconsciously substitute an easily calculated heuristic ( Heuristics are strategies using easily accessible , though loosely related , information to aid problem solving ) .
These heuristics are simple rules that everyone uses everyday when processing information , they generally work well for us ; however , they occasionally cause systematic errors , aka , cognitive biases .
This yummy looking keyboard is not , sadly , a Bluetooth accessory for the LG Chocolate .
It would , though , be the perfect romantic geek - gift for the sweet - toothed nerd in your life .
Teclado de chocolate blanco [ Noquedanblogs ]
This story has been corrected .
Please see the note at bottom .
" The second way government assistance programs contribute to long - term unemployment is by providing an incentive , and the means , not to work .
Each unemployed person has a ' reservation wage ' — the minimum wage he or she insists on getting before accepting a job .
Unemployment insurance and other social assistance programs increase [ the ] reservation wage , causing an unemployed person to remain unemployed longer . "
Any ...
The Zeus botnet is now using an unpatched flaw in Adobe 's PDF document format to infect users with malicious code , security researchers said .
The attacks come less than a week after other experts predicted that hackers would soon exploit the " / Launch " design flaw in PDF documents to install malware on unsuspecting users ' computers .
The just - spotted Zeus variant uses a malicious PDF file that embeds the attack code in the document , said Dan Hubbard , CTO of San D iego , California - based security company Websense .
When users open the rogue PDF , they 're asked to save a PDF file called " Royal_Mail_Delivery_Notice.pdf . "
That file , however , is actually a Windows executable that when it runs , hijacks the PC .
Zeus is the first major botnet to exploit a PDF 's / Launch feature , which is , strictly speaking , not a security vulnerability but actually a by - design function of Adobe 's specification .
Earlier this month , Belgium researcher Didier Stevens demonstrated how a multistage attack using / Launch could successfully exploit a fully - patched copy of Adobe Reader or Acrobat .
Stevens was not the first to reveal the / Launch vulnerability .
In August 2009 , a module using the same flaw was added to the open - source Metasploit penetration testing kit , said HD Moore , Metasploit 's creator and the chief security officer at Rapid7 .
" Colin Ames of Attack Research wrote this module as part of his Black Hat USA presentation , " said Moore .
" Didier 's work was independent of what we already had , but uses almost the same method at its core . "
Today , Stevens said that the Zeus attack Trojan was actually using the Metasploit module .
" From what I can read , the new Zeus PDF actually uses a [ Metasploit ] Adobe PDF exploit , " Stevens said on Twitter , pointing to another description of the new attack by M86 Security of Orange , Calif .
Although Reader and Acrobat display a warning when an executable inside a PDF file is launched , that 's not enough to stop users from launching the bogus document , said Websense 's Hubbard .
" No one is blanket - blocking PDFs at the gateway , " he said .
" There 's so much business value in PDFs , and they 're very pervasive . "
In other words , people trust PDFs , he said -- much more even than some other popular document formats , such as Microsoft Word .
Websense has tracked several thousand Zeus attacks using the embedded malware and / Launch function .
" The attacks are still going on , " Hubbard said .
While the attack technique may be new , the behind - the - scenes malware and the gang that produces it is standard Zeus fare , Hubbard continued .
Zeus is best known for planting identity theft code on victims '
PC to steal , for instance , online banking logon usernames and passwords .
" The motives are n't any different here , " said Hubbard .
Last week , Mickey Boodaei , CEO of security company Trusteer , bet that the / Launch function would be quickly exploited by hackers to infect PCs with financial malware .
Stevens has not released proof - of - concept attack code , but Trusteer 's engineers were easily able to duplicate his attack .
Zeus ' creators seem to have taken an even quicker shortcut by grabbing code from Ames ' Metasploit module .
" This definitely gives them another tool in their arsenal , " added Hubbard , referring to the Zeus botnet operators .
Now that Zeus has weaponized the / Launch tactic , other hackers will likely pick it up as well .
" That 's not uncommon , " said Hubbard , " especially if there 's a Metasploit module for it . "
Adobe did not immediately reply to questions about whether Zeus ' use of / Launch in rigged PDFs would prompt the company to release a patch for Reader and Acrobat .
Previously , Adobe has acknowledged the bug , but has not committed to producing a patch .
Instead , the company has urged users to change Reader 's and Acrobat 's settings to disable the vulnerable function .
Since then , Brad Arkin , Adobe 's director for product security and privacy , said that one way the company could address the issue would be to update Reader and Acrobat so that the feature is disabled .
Currently , Adobe 's software turns on the / Launch function by default .
Adobe has posted instructions on how to configure Reader and Acrobat to stymie the attacks that Zeus is now conducting .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Read more about security in Computerworld 's Security Knowledge Center .
This story , " Botnet Exploits PDF Flaw " was originally published by Computerworld .
Kindle Paperwhite – Now Waterproof with more than 2 x the Storage – Includes Special Offers
A recreation of the Amber Room — where did the original go ?
WHEN the tribes of ancient Israel defeated the Midianites , the victors got the losers ' 675,000 sheep , 72,000 oxen , 61,000 asses and 32,000 female virgins ( males and non-virgin women were slaughtered ) , as well as the gold and jewels .
The biblical account suggests that , in that era at least , this was a standard post - conflict resolution of property questions .
These days , the accepted rules on what a conqueror can grab are different .
A bid to enforce one of the biggest awards of compensation to a victim of wartime looting is now under consideration by Canada 's Supreme Court .
The story started when lawyers representing Kuwait Airways filed a commercial claim in an English court in 1991 against Iraq and the state - owned Iraqi Airways for seizing ten aircraft and aircraft parts during the 1990 - 91 Gulf war .
After much wrangling , it gained a $ 1.2 billion judgment which it is now trying to collect in at least nine jurisdictions .
The Canadian court is being asked to rule on whether a Kuwaiti airline can impound some assets in Montreal — including six aircraft and two buildings — that belong to the Iraqi state .
Although aircraft lack the resonance of the cultural treasures which have given rise to some famous disputes over looting , some of the legal arguments are similar , says Christopher Gooding , a lawyer for Kuwait Airways .
The rules on respect for property during conflicts have “ stabilised ” after a long process that began with the Napoleonic wars , according to Wayne Sandholtz , author of a book called “ Prohibiting Plunder : How Norms Change ” .
Napoleon 's campaigns saw such voracious plundering that his foes eventually forced France to give much of it back .
The Lieber code , issued by Abraham Lincoln in 1863 , set a new norm of respect for property , even in the heat of war .
“ Private property , unless forfeited by crimes …of the owner , can be seized only by way of military necessity , ” it said , while listing individual acts of “ pillage and sacking ” as crimes .
The Geneva Conventions , the first of which was negotiated by European nations in 1864 , and a series of meetings that began in The Hague in 1899 , also set limits on the victor 's right to claim spoils .
And respect for cultural property was mandated by the Hague Convention , concluded in 1954 : a treaty which the United States ratified in 2009 and backs diplomatically .
The convention guides judges in private suits over plunder , as well as states wrangling over property after a war .
But that does not mean that it is observed , during or after war .
One notorious case of wartime theft occurred in American - occupied Iraq , when mobs looted Baghdad 's museum and Donald Rumsfeld , then defence secretary , was criticised for his lack of concern .
But as Mr Sandholtz argues , legal historians will also recall the fact that other American officials acknowledged their duty to protect the museum , and deplored the way this duty was neglected .
As the history of the 20th century shows , evidence of plunder that meets legal standards is hard to collect in the chaos of war , and against a background of even graver horrors .
Among the myriad Nazi crimes against the Jews was the creation of bogus bills of sale or forced transfers of property .
Unravelling such documents is still keeping lawyers busy .
And sometimes might still equals right .
Russia holds onto much Soviet - era plunder , taken from Germany and other countries , including from private citizens who were anti-Nazis .
Some of that is justified as reparation for damage done by Hitler 's forces , such as the seizure of the Amber Room , a chamber in a tsarist palace , whose fate is a mystery .
In other cases the reason seems to be spite : Russia refuses to hand back , for example , Estonia 's presidential seal and regalia , seized during the annexation in 1940 .
And there will always be victims of looting who could claim but lack the resources to do so .
A glaring case is Congo , whose neighbours intervened and plundered in the chaos that followed Mobutu Sese Seko 's fall in 1997 .
Much of this was documented in UN reports .
But in such places the ancient laws of war still apply .
BJJ - THE MOST EFFECTIVE MARTIAL ART
BJJ has been proven again and again by professional fighters in Mixed Martial Art competition , as well as by many ordinary people defending themselves in the street against bigger and stronger attackers .
Many experts believe that BJJ is the single most effective martial art .
We believe that many different martial arts are effective , but the bottom line is that if you understand the ground game then it gives you a HUGE advantage in a fight .
Grappling may seem complicated and difficult to learn , but all you really need is a plan and a place to start .
Once you 've built that foundation you can walk with confidence knowing that you can handle yourself on the ground , or you can continue to train and get as fancy or as complicated as you like .
Stephan Kesting is a BJJ black belt who has helped thousands of grapplers and he can help you too with his simple 3 step plan outlined below ( oh , by the way , it 's 100 % free … )
PBS News [ Back to Press Releases ]
NEW RESEARCH CONFIRMS PBS THE MOST TRUSTED AND UNBIASED SOURCE FOR NEWS AHEAD OF FOX NEWS CHANNEL , CNN AND OTHER COMMERCIAL NETWORKS -- Most Educational Media Brand for Children --
-- Most Trusted Public Institution -- ARLINGTON , VA , FEBRUARY 18 , 2010 – The American people have named PBS the most trusted and unbiased institution among nationally known organizations , the most trusted source of news and public affairs1 among broadcast and cable sources , 1 and the most educational media brand for children ages 2 - 82 according to new national polls .
The research was conducted in December 2009 and January 2010 by the non-partisan , international research company GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media .
View the results of the PBS Poll here and of the PBS KIDS Poll here .
“ In a media world where profits drive decisions , public media stands alone in its singular focus on the American public and not the bottom line .
PBS does more to serve the needs of our modern democracy with trusted , independent journalism and does more to help children succeed than any other media enterprise .
Today ’s citizens — whether they watch on - air , online , on mobile devices or in the classroom — understand this fundamental difference that distinguishes PBS , ” said Paula Kerger , PBS President and CEO .
This is the seventh consecutive year the public has named PBS the nation ’s most - trusted institution .
In the 2010 poll , 45 percent of respondents said they trust PBS more than any other nationally known organization .
PBS ranked at the top in public trust among every age group , ethnicity , income and education level measured .
Second in trust are “ courts of law , ” which are trusted a great deal by 26 percent .
1 PBS ranks highest in importance among 58 percent of respondents when compared to commercial broadcast ( 43 percent respondents ) and cable television ( 40 percent ) .
1
Additional highlights of the two national surveys include :
# 1 for News and Public Affairs PBS remains the network with the most trusted news and public affairs programs , with 40 percent trusting its programs a “ great deal . ”
Fox News Channel was second with 29 percent and CNN was third at 27 percent .
1
In an effort to measure bias , the survey concluded that 40 percent of Americans rated the news coverage , investigations and discussions of major issues on PBS programs as “ mostly fair ” ( when asked to choose among “ liberal , ” “ mostly fair ” and “ conservative ” ) .
NBC and ABC tied for second by 33 percent of the respondents , CNN ( 31 percent ) , NPR ( 29 percent ) , Fox News Channel ( 25 percent ) and MSNBC ( 24 percent ) .
1
More than 75 percent of the public believes PBS addresses key news , public affairs and social issues “ very / moderately ” well , including providing access to arts and culture ( 88 percent ) ; promoting understanding of science and technology ( 82 percent ) ; providing access to a variety of viewpoints ( 78 percent ) ; informing people about health issues ( 77 percent ) ; and informing people about important political and social issues ( 76 percent ) .
1 # 1 in Children ’s Media PBS KIDS earned the # 1 ranking as the most educational media brand for children , receiving 21 percent of the top ratings from respondents .
National Geographic Kids was second with 13 percent of respondents and Nick Jr. received five percent .
2
PBS KIDS remains the most essential source of children ’s programming , with 67 percent of respondents stating that PBS ’ children ’s service is “ very important , ” compared to 49 percent for cable and 44 percent of commercial broadcast television .
1
Eighty - nine percent of respondents believe it is “ very important ” for PBS to provide children ’s programming .
2 Excellent Tax Dollar Value About 80 percent of respondents , across all age groups , ethnicity , income and education level measured , believe funding for PBS is money “ well spent . ”
Respondents also found PBS an “ excellent ” use of tax dollars , second only to military defense and ahead of public schools .
1
A near majority of Americans believe the federal funding PBS receives is insufficient .
When informed that public broadcasting receives 15 percent of its funding from the government , and that this amount translates to about one dollar per person per year of government support , 46 percent believe this amount is “ too little , ” 39 percent say it ’s “ about right ” and only 11 percent state that it ’s “ too much .
” 1 PBS annually commissions this research to measure the organization ’s performance and value as judged by its most important stakeholder — the American public .
With local independent stations rooted in communities across the country , public media is unrivalled in its commitment to optimize the power and potential of media to strengthen our democracy , build stronger communities and improve lives .
Survey Methodology 1
The survey included 1,002 participants , ages 25 or older , across the country and was conducted January 4 - 18 , 2010 .
2
The findings are based on a survey among 1,006 American adults 18 or older between December 11 - 13 , 2009 .
About PBS PBS , with its nearly 360 member stations , offers all Americans — from every walk of life — the opportunity to explore new ideas and new worlds through television and online content .
Each month , PBS reaches more than 110 million people through their local stations and nearly 19 million people online , inviting them to experience the worlds of science , history , nature and public affairs ; to hear diverse viewpoints ; and to take front row seats to world - class drama and performances .
PBS ’ broad array of programs has been consistently honored by the industry ’s most coveted award competitions .
Teachers of children from pre-K through 12th grade turn to PBS for digital content and services that help bring classroom lessons to life .
PBS ’ premier children ’s TV programming and Web site , pbskids.org , are parents ’ and teachers ’ most trusted partners in inspiring and nurturing children ’s curiosity and love of learning .
More information about PBS is available at www.pbs.org, one of the leading dot- org Web sites on the Internet .
About GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media is a division of GfK Custom Research North American specializing in customized public opinion polling , media and communication research and corporate reputation measurement — in the U.S. and globally .
In addition to delivering a broad range of customized research studies , GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media draws from GfK ’s syndicated consumer tracking services , attitudes and behaviors in the U.S. and more than 25 other countries .
Headquartered in New York , GfK Custom Research North America is part of the GfK Group .
With home offices in Nuremberg , Germany , the GfK Group is the No. 4 market research organization worldwide .
Its activities cover three business sectors : Custom Research , Retail and Technology , and Media .
The Group has more than 115 companies covering 100 countries .
For further information , visit www.gfk.com CONTACTS : Jan McNamara , PBS , jmcnamara@pbs.org , 703-739-5028 Jim Timony , GfK Media & Communications .
jim.timony@gfk.com , 609-683-6119
Step right up !
Git yer loosely - supported assertions of facts not in evidence right here !
Yes , a number of people who are not lawyers believe Apple may be in violation of U.S. antitrust laws !
Meanwhile , one out of one silly pundits agree : Google ’s imaginary tablet is an iPad killer !
Last but not least , the Winotaur realizes that the first step in any 12 - step program is recognizing you have a problem .
Fetishism
It used to be that the realm of bad Apple porn fantasies was centered on the buyout .
Apple was going to be bought by Sun , Microsoft , IBM , or any number of mature companies that would rescue it from the depths .
How ?
By licensing the Mac OS , or having it develop “ Net PCs ” , or turning it into a Windows VAR , or something else that would really just have killed it .
But times have changed !
Today ’s Apple porn has the company getting getting sued for supposed antitrust violations .
Ooh , that ’s gooooood .
Yeah .
Just like that .
The Macalope ’s no lawyer , so he ’ll spare you any dime - store analysis of whether or not Apple ’s stance that apps may not be developed with cross-platform compilers could be considered in violation of U.S. antitrust regulations .
But if this is the kind of thing that gets you excited , feel free to close the door and have some alone time with your fantasies .
Just do n’t be disappointed if the Department of Justice is n’t as turned on by the thought of it as you are .
Read more …
If wishes were horses Google would ride
PC World ’s Tony Bradley believes that Google is in a unique position to deliver an “ iPad killer ” .
Why ?
Because — that ’s why !
To prove his point , Tony quotes himself :
“ Google is n’t Apple , but next to Apple , Google is arguably the most - qualified to launch a tablet device capable of being a game changer .
One thing that Apple and Google have in common is that they tend to think outside of the mainstream and are capable of creating paradigm - shifting innovation . ”
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBAH !
Ah !
Oh !
Whoa !
We ’re back from that blockquote !
Uh , sorry , Tony !
The , uh , the Macalope dozed off for a minute there somewhere between “ game changer ” and “ paradigm . ”
Buzzwords make him sleepy .
What were you saying ?
It only makes sense that Google would take its “ iPhone killer ” Nexus
One initiative to the next level and deliver an Android - based “ iPad killer ” as well .
Wait , are these titles being granted ironically or just titularly without the benefit of any real power — like some kind of faux government in exile ?
Because the horny one hates to break it to Bradley , but the Nexus One has rather failed to kill the iPhone by any practical measure , having sold probably only about 160,000 units in the first quarter .
Bradley sure fills his piece with a lot of unsupported statements , though .
Google is in a unique position to learn from its own experience gained from the launch of the Nexus One , and also to learn from Apple ’s launch of the iPad .
Why ?
Tony never says .
Combining those lessons learned could yield a slick and formidable tablet to compete with the iPad .
How ?
Tony never says .
If Google includes support for Adobe Flash , a camera or two , and maybe a USB port or SD memory card slot …
A compass in the stock !
Dual bucket seats !
A three - car detached garage !
An outdoor gas grill with a rotisserie and deep fryer !
Huge 1980 ’s - style hair !
Everything a boy looks for in a girl !
… it can create a device that has all of the benefits of the iPad while also delivering everything the iPad is n’t .
Right .
Because if you just jam a USB port onto a Android - based tablet it ’s gotta be good , right ?!
( Tip o’ the antlers to Daring Fireball . )
As in “ notify the next of ” when it dies ?
Microsoft announced yet another line of cell phones this week : the Kin .
Which is a perfect name for a phone designed for young people who are into social networking , because if there ’s anything today ’s young people love , it ’s talkin’ like a hillbilly .
To get the 411 on the Kin , the Macalope dialed his old friend , the Winotaur .
MACALOPE : Hey , dude .
What ’s up with this Kin ?
WINOTAUR : I do n’t know !
Oh , God , I… I think I may have a problem !
MACALOPE : Whoa , whoa .
What ’s up , big guy ?
WINOTAUR : I just keep creating platform after platform !
I do n’t know what ’s wrong with me !
“ The Kin ” ?
This thing has all the staying power of the macarena !
MACALOPE : Er…
WINOTAUR : It ’s just another technology I ’m going to ditch in a year !
I think … I think I ’m addicted to launching platforms !
MACALOPE : Dude …
WINOTAUR : I launched three more platforms this morning !
Two of which I EOL - ed before lunch !
My life is out of control !
MACALOPE : Winny …
WINOTAUR : I NEED HELP !
SOMEBODY HELP ME !
AAAAAAGH !
Well , it just got uglier after that .
The tears , the painful recognition of unfulfilled emotional needs from childhood , the bitter recriminations against a loveless and autocratic father …
Anyway , rest assured that the Macalope talked him down off the ledge and gave him the number of a good halfway house .
He ’ll get the help he needs .
And then he ’ll be out there creating ridiculous new platforms again in a week .
Fish gotta swim , after all .
Bruce Lund , CEO of Lund & Co. Inventions , cemented his company 's reputation as the toy inventor that produced hit products , including Honey : My Baby Pony and TMX Elmo .
But through a curious chain of events , his company 's latest product is a nonlethal weapon for the military nicknamed the Big Hurt .
Lund 's road to weaponeer started as the company , which invents products for large toy sellers , was researching new power sources for toys .
Lund recalled seventh - grade science demonstrations in which an electric current is passed through water , producing oxygen and hydrogen gas .
Mix the two together , add a spark and boom !
The company used the same concept to create a successful line of hydrogen - powered rockets that electrolyze water and then ignite it , the biggest innovation in toy - rocket power for decades .
NASA even awarded Lund a prize for developing the product .
Lund 's enthusiasm for hydrogen combustion power led him to look at all sorts of unlikely applications , including a hydrogen - powered lawnmower and even power tools .
But Lund made little progress with other combustion applications — until a friend alerted him to a Pentagon Small Business Innovation Research request for technology to power a nonlethal weapon .
The problem with existing weapons firing rubber bullets , beanbags and other crowd - control rounds is their velocity .
Anything that is effective at 50 yards may be lethal at 5 yards ; anything that is safe at 5 yards wo n't be fast enough to be effective at 50 .
Lund 's solution is a weapon that automatically measures the range to the target and varies the muzzle velocity accordingly .
The application was an ideal fit for Lund 's combustion technology , which can measure out the appropriate amount of gas for each shot .
Hydrogen is not a standard military fuel , so Lund 's Variable Velocity Weapon System ( VVWS ) uses cans of methylacetylene propadiene gas , the kind that fuels blowtorches and nail guns , sold at hardware stores .
" You might view the VVWS as a repurposed nail gun , " Lund says .
The weapon 's effectiveness has been tested on blocks of gelatin that simulate human flesh ; the projectiles hit with considerable force , but do not penetrate .
The weapon is geared to meet the military requirement for an impact energy of 30 joules .
This is similar to existing nonlethal weapons ; paintball guns are limited to 12 joules .
Lund says they have not yet carried out human tests but he suggests it will produce the pain of a severe wasp sting .
The muzzle velocity is normally set automatically , but at the military 's request it has a manual override , so the shooter can dial it up to maximum power and fire lethal shots .
Lund sees the gun as a lifesaver , providing a less lethal option when circumstances demand .
" At the moment , a soldier has to choose between carrying a nonlethal and a lethal weapon — and he 's always going to choose the lethal one , " Lund says .
" This way he can carry one weapon and still have a nonlethal option . "
Having successfully demonstrated the prototype , Lund 's next challenge will be to make it more robust ( " Technology Readiness Level 7 " in military parlance ) and acquire a commercial partner for production .
To sell the weapon , Lund 's staff must prove that his system works better than what the Pentagon currently uses , the FN303 less lethal launcher .
Sometimes described as a " paintball gun on steroids , " the FN303 has been used by the military at detention centers in Iraq , but troops criticize it for being too flimsy .
The weapon is refilled from heavy compressed - air tanks , which need to be recharged with a large , expensive compressor .
The VVWS can fire the same ammunition as the FN303 but is designed to be effective at 100 yards — twice the FN303 's range — and needs no compressor .
The VVWS is also likely to be improved with a rifled barrel for better accuracy at longer ranges , and some new ammunition .
Lund wo n't say how the ammunition is being enhanced ( the current version is frangible and breaks up on impact ) .
Similar systems use a round that resembles Silly Putty and flattens on impact .
There is plenty of interest in future developments of the combustion technology .
Lund is talking to the law enforcement community about a handgun version that will provide the sort of nonlethal stopping power currently available only from shotguns .
The Department of Homeland Security officials have been talking about a combustion - powered 40 - mm grenade launcher to launch sensors that can detect toxic gas or place wireless listening devices .
Lund has even been looking into making gas - fired mortars .
An adapted VVWS might even have sports applications for skeet or trap shooting , and could be considered a green technology since it needs no cartridge cases and uses no powder .
Lund says his team " learned a lot on this project " but adds that weaponeering is unlikely to lure him away from his true vocation .
He talks enthusiastically about using the new gas - control technology in future toys , and the potential that electronics bring to traditional mechanical playthings .
" Nothing is more fun than making toys , " Lund says .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Sky News Leaders ' Debate with Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg has focused on foreign affairs .
The second televised debate also featured issues including hung parliament , immigration , defence and the economy .
IS THERE anybody else out there who uses a super - complicated , hack - proof password to gain access to their home computer ?
And who diligently changes it every few months ?
As though it were a ritual as important in life as flossing or oiling the axle on the wheelie bin ?
Or am I the only certified paranoid basket case in this city ?
The nightmare scenario looping in my head is that if somebody breaks into my house the first thing they 'll go for wo n't be the Blu-ray player or the plasma screen or my scrupulously catalogued collection of Asian Nudist Health Farm Quarterly .
It 'll be to get into my computer and do terrible things , such as tell everybody what 's on my screensaver .
( For the record , it 's an artist 's impression of a Care Bear giving " the business " to a Cabbage Patch doll .
Now leave me alone . )
Having to cope with one or two passwords is fine , and a small price to pay for being part of the digital age .
Even three or four is OK .
Or five .
But with all the emailing , banking , shopping , bidding , flight booking , bill paying , sharemarket monitoring and international espionage the average person gets up to , there is a password critical mass beyond which you start drooling uncontrollably .
As with many people , password security was something I did n't always take seriously .
Then we all discovered , courtesy of Die Hard , how easily billions of dollars could disappear from bank accounts with just a few keystrokes .
After that we all began living in fear of going to an ATM and finding our funds had vanished , and ringing the bank to raise the alarm only to be told : " Sorry , we have no record of who you are .
Thank you for calling .
Clunk . "
It 's getting hard to keep up with Neil Young .
In addition to a new studio LP , 2009 has seen the release of the green - car concept album Fork in the Road , a new live set ( Dreamin ' Man Live ' 92 ) , and of course the 10 - disc Blu - Ray / DVD / CD extravaganza Archives Vol. 1 , which documents the first 10 years of his musical life .
Not to mention that just over a year ago Sugar Mountain - Live at Canterbury House 1968 came out , so that even seems relatively new .
We 're drowning in Neil Young this year , which for hardcore fans ( and it seems like the percentage of his fanbase that meets this criteria increases every year ) is n't such a bad thing .
Add to the above the " Neil Young Archives Official Release Series , " which is the umbrella term for the wholesale reissue of Young 's catalog in remastered form .
The first four albums , from 1968 's Neil Young to 1972's Harvest , were released on CD under the banner a few months back , which made the Archives set even more confusing than it seemed initially .
Since much of Archives turned out to be previously issued material , with some albums appearing almost in their entirety , it stood to reason that it would serve as the best way to hear these songs for a while .
Anyone ponying up between $ 100 and $ 300 for Archives surely already had all those albums , and they 'll probably want the better - sounding versions in their original form , too .
Young , like Bob Dylan , is almost impossible to read as far as stuff like this goes .
It 's easy to say that he 's ripping people off by getting them to buy the same music over and over .
But so many of his puzzling moves over the years , such as refusing to put out On the Beach on CD even though fans were clamoring for it , would seem to be to his financial detriment .
Here 's one more for the shelf : the first four albums have been packaged in two limited edition box sets .
The CD version is pressed on 24 - karat gold discs , and the packaging is new ; the vinyl is pressed on 180 - gram records ( as opposed to 140 - gram for the standard issue of the LPs ) .
The vinyl set , which is what I listened to for this review , is going for $ 150 , which certainly is n't cheap .
It packages the records in extra - heavy gatefold sleeves that will probably outlive me , and includes full - size reproductions of the original inserts , but there 's no extra documentation otherwise .
For me , there 's an irony in listening to these deluxe versions , because I 've long regarded used vinyl copies of Harvest as a litmus test for record stores .
If they 're selling a used copy in excellent shape for $ 4 or $ 5 , it 's my kind of shop ; if they 're selling it for $ 8 or $ 9 , I 'm probably somewhere in the New York Metropolitan Area .
Fact is , Harvest was the # 1 selling album of 1972 , and it continued to sell all through the 1970s .
Literally millions of copies were pressed , and used copies are very easy to find .
It 's a record that should n't cost a lot of money .
Which is not to say it 's not a great record .
All four of these albums , in fact , are excellent -- records that everyone should have in their collection eventually , in whatever format .
I say " eventually " because Neil Young is an artist you should n't force yourself to get into ; his most devoted fans are so convinced of his genius , and so bent on tracking down every last bootleg , that it 's easy to hear a few songs and decide that Young is n't such a big deal .
Sometimes it can just take a little while to come around to his music , and you need to be in the right frame of mind .
Harvest , whatever your copy ends up costing you , closed out one of the stronger four - album career - opening runs in pop history .
Of course , Young had some practice before he went solo , so he had a head start .
After gigging around Canada as a teenager in the garage - rock outfit the Squires , he headed out to L.A. and hooked up with the newly forming Buffalo Springfield in 1966 .
They were a band with a few songwriters , each of whom had their own personality , and Young 's songs ( " For What It 's Worth " , the group 's biggest hit , was n't one of them ) revealed an emerging and distinctive voice .
In 1968 , he left the band and started his solo career , releasing Neil Young at the end of the year .
The album bearing only Neil Young 's name is the one that sounds least like him .
It 's a fine psych - tinged folk - rock set with colorful arrangements and top - shelf instrumental contributors like guitarist Ry Cooder and visionary keyboardist and arranger Jack Nitzsche , who would continue to work with Young periodically through the 70s .
But Young himself sounds oddly tentative throughout , as if he were n't quite sure what he wanted his music to sound like , and this is his most restrained singing on record .
There are echoes of the great music to come , like the ballad " The Old Laughing Lady " , and the arrangements are lush and inviting , but Neil Young in a sense represents a road not taken , and it 's most interesting now in comparison to what was to come .
The opening riff to " Cinnamon Girl " , the song that kicks off Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere , erases the memory of Neil Young completely in about five seconds .
In the months following the release of his debut , Young hooked up with a ragtag trio of musicians from a band called the Rockets , renamed them Crazy Horse , and found his raison d'être .
Where the performances on Neil Young were eminently professional , the sophisticated and exacting parts executed with polished precision , Crazy Horse were loose and sloppy , privileging groove and feeling above all .
Many of Young 's seasoned contemporaries considered them an embarrassment , but for him they represented a new way of thinking about music , one that favored intuition and stayed true to the moment .
A year later he would hook up with the hugely successful Crosby , Stills and Nash ; Young would eventually call CSNY his Beatles , while Crazy Horse was his Stones .
By this logic , they were making music on the level of Sticky Fingers from the jump .
Discussion of Everybody Knows
This Is Nowhere usually gravitates toward the two extended guitar workouts , " Down By the River " and " Cowgirl in the Sand " .
Both are masterpieces of rock minimalism , demonstrating the power of repetition as the Crazy Horse rhythm section of Ralph Molina and Billy Talbot cycle through the chords and Young solos endlessly in his grimy , deeply - felt tone , playing off the subtle , prodding rhythm work of guitarist Danny Whitten .
But the more compressed and accessible moments on the record are just as powerful .
The title track is a brash , rollicking country - rocker in the vein of the Band , while " Round & Round ( It Wo n't Be Long ) " is a gorgeous acoustic ballad that finds Young , Whitten , and violinist Robin Lane engaged in three - part harmony on the achingly slow chorus .
Best of all on Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere , Young sounds comfortable and confident , singing with the versatile ( and hugely influential ) voice that has changed remarkably little in the 40 years since .
Everybody Knows was a sort of big bang for Young , a dense moment of creative explosion that saw possibilities expanding in every direction .
So its follow - up was anything but a retread .
With his newfound confidence , Young was poised to stretch , and After the Gold Rush sounds a bit like an overview of the Great American Songbook but with one guy writing almost all the songs .
Members of Crazy Horse appear in various combinations on a few of tracks , and songs like " Southern Man " and " When You Dance I Can Really Love " have the hypnotically stoned but sneakily intense groove of the previous record .
But more precisely crafted songs like " Only Love Can Break Your Heart " , " Birds " , and especially the astonishing title track , which has become a rock standard , show Young 's gift as a writer of original melodies of extraordinary beauty in full flower .
It 's an aspect of Young 's work that can be overlooked : the guy can write a simple tune over a chord change that hollows you out completely .
Sure , the record has a phrase or two that might sound a little dippy to those with an aversion to hippies ( Young was one of those , though of a very individualistic sort ) , but After the Gold Rush is basically unassailable .
There 's a reason why it 's the favorite Neil Young album for so many .
Which brings us back to Harvest , Young 's mainstream breakthrough .
Stepping away from Crazy Horse and hooking up with Nashville session musicians he dubbed the Stray Gators , Harvest finds
Young experimenting again with a richer , more painstaking studio sound , but one informed by the spontaneity he'd found so inspiring .
It 's probably his best sounding album , and the ear tends to gravitate to the rhythm section in particular , as bassist Tim Drummond and drummer Kenny Buttrey are almost absurdly in the pocket throughout .
( Here I should note that , while they certainly cost a lot of money , the vinyl pressings of these four albums live up to the hype : whisper quiet and clear but full and punchy -- these records have never sounded better ) .
But Young 's songs , though not up to the level of Gold Rush , continue his winning streak .
" Out on the Weekend " and the title track set the table for a mellow , rootsy , and breezily melodic album , which later songs like " Heart of Gold " and " Are You Ready for the Country " continue , but Harvest has a more tormented side as well .
" A Man Needs a Maid " , recorded with the London Symphony Orchestra , is one of his stranger creations , an affecting portrait of loneliness undercut with a clumsy , lunkheaded chorus refrain , the sincerity of which has never been quite clear .
" Old Man " is something of a signature song , laying out the wizened , long - view outlook that did n't fit with his chronological age ( by the time of the record 's release , Young was 26 ) .
And then there 's harrowing and radiant " The Needle and the Damage Done " : at just over two minutes , it 's far too short , almost painfully so , just like the lives of the junkies it was written about .
Soon enough , two people close to Young , Crazy Horse 's Whitten and roadie Bruce Berry , would die from drugs .
The unexpected success of Harvest , combined with the grief and guilt Young felt after Whitten and Berry died , would send Young into a dark and raw place with his next few records as he famously " headed for the ditch " to escape the middle of the road .
Hereafter , an always - fascinating mix of success and failure would define Young 's career , and along the way he'd make some pretty lousy records along with the great ones .
To embrace Young as an artist after Harvest would mean accepting his many flaws ( including the questionable business decisions , like the many confusing releases of this year ) , which have made his career unusually rich and varied as well as maddeningly inconsistent .
But all that would come later .
Enjoying this brilliant four - album run requires no special commitment .
SALT LAKE CITY , March 31 ( UPI ) --
A federal judge in Utah ruled in favor of the CIA in the agency 's refusal to release documents regarding the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .
U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups
Tuesday refused to order the agency to hand over the documents to Salt Lake City lawyer Jesse Trentadue , who filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the CIA in 2008 .
Advertisement
The Salt Lake Tribune said Wednesday the ruling revealed for the first time that the CIA took part in the investigation of the 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City , which killed 168 people .
Trentadue filed the FOIA request for documents he believes could shed light on the death of his brother at a federal prison a few months after the bombing .
Trentadue 's brother , a bank robber being held on a parole violation , was found hanged in his cell .
Trentadue believes his brother may have been killed by guards who thought he knew something about the case .
The Tribune said the 12 contested documents also contain information about foreign nationals whose names came up in the case .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
This CNN report on the veiled threat made by an obscure , fringe American Muslim website against the creators of the South Park cartoon shows an extremist saying something completely untrue :
“ Yunus Muhammad ” says in the interview that the Qur’an instructs Muslims to ‘ terrorize the disbelievers . ’
It does no such thing .
The Qur’an instructs Muslims to live at peace with non-Muslims who are at peace with them .
( It turns at that this minor , fringe group is led by converts from Judaism , one of them a former settler in Israel .
It is not clear whether they have sincerely exchanged one fanaticism for another or whether this is a false flag operation , perhaps of an intelligence agency .
In any case , it is no accident that they are ignorant of the Qur’an .
( For a mainstream Muslim response , see The American Muslim . )
The verse to which this individual referred was in the chapter of the Spoils ( al - Anfal ) , 8:60 :
Wa a`iddu lahum ma istata`tum min quwwatin wamin ribati ‘ lkhayli turhibuna bihi `aduwwa Allahi wa`aduwwakum
Which means , “ Prepare against them all the power , and all the war horses that you can , whereby to strike fear into the enemies of God and your enemies . ”
The context of this verse is the Battle of Badr on March 17 , 624 of the Common Era .
In the 610s , the pagan Meccans had persecuted the new religion of Islam and ultimately chased Muhammad and the Muslims out of Mecca for preaching the one God .
They took refuge in the nearby city of Yathrib , which became known as Medina ( i.e. the City [ of the Prophet ] ) .
The wealthy Meccan polytheists hoped to wipe Islam and the Muslims out , and fought skirmishes with them .
The early Muslims riposted by raiding Meccan trading caravans , in hopes of weakening their foe economically .
That March in 624 , the Meccans sent out their best fighters to protect a caravan .
A Muslim force more or less stumbled onto this expedition .
Badr , named after a well south of Medina , was the first major battle between the two sides , and the Muslims won it , thus saving themselves from genocide .
So what the Qur’an is saying in 8:60 is that the Muslims should keep a stable of fighting steeds at the ready and let the Meccans know about it , to strike fear into the hearts of an enemy trying to wipe out them and their religion .
The verse does not command any act of ‘ terrorism . ’
It commands that Muslims attempt to forestall irrational violence against a Muslim state through deterrence .
It is defensive in intent .
The verse does not say anything about mere ‘ disbelievers ’ or non-Muslims .
It is warning of the designs of ‘ enemies of God , ’ i.e. militant and violent anti-Muslims .
Moreover , there is no implication that Muslims should act as individuals or vigilantes .
Medina was a city - state that the Prophet Muhammad ruled , and he gave the orders .
Muslims could not just run off and attack whomever they pleased whenever they pleased .
A duly constituted Muslim state was in charge of defense of the community .
So unless Yunus Muhammad can find a group of armed individuals who aim at violently attacking Muslims en masse and trying to wipe out them and their religion , he should stuff a sock in it and go home .
In fact , trying to import terrorism into the Qur’an is an infinitely greater blasphemy than that of any Western cartoonist , and one would hope Muslim groups would get more upset about Yunus Muhammad and ‘ Revolution Muslim ’ than about an irreverent American tv program .
Unfortunately , along with people with genuinely hurt feelings , there will be some cynical political forces that manipulate Muslim fundamentalists and will try to advance their agendas by taking advantage of this South Park controversy ( the show depicted the Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit to avoid showing him– which is about as close as South Park gets to deference to religious feelings ) .
The USG Open Source Center translated the following item from Bahasa Indonesian about the reaction of the Forum Ummat Islam or the Community Forum of Islam , a coalition of fundamentalists formed in 2005 to repress the Ahmadiya movement .
( The Ahmadiya is a form of modernist millenarianism that posits a minor prophet ( nabi ) after Muhammad ; most Muslims believe that there is no prophet after Muhammad ) .
The fundamentalist FUI , which includes cults like Hizb ut - Tahrir , the caliphate nuts , is relatively small in Indonesia , where secular parties have done far , far better in recent elections .
‘ Indonesia : FUI Seeks Clarification From US Mission on Film ‘ Desecrating ’ Prophet
Report by Dadan Muhammad : “ US Embassy Must Give Clarification on Film Desecrating Prophet ”
okezone.com
Wednesday , April 21 , 2010
Document Type : OSC Translated Text …
Jakarta —
Lodging protest against an animation movie showing Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit , the Islamic Followers Forum ( FUI [ Forum Ummat Islam ] ) sought a clarification from the US Embassy in Jakarta .
“ The US Embassy in Indonesia must give a clarification that its government will take strict action against the creator of this animation movie and apologize to all Muslims in the world , ” FUI Secretary General Muhammad al - Khaththath told Okezone.com .
According to him , any attempt to portray Prophet Muhammad , including showing him in a bear suit in the animation , is prohibited in Islam .
He terms this “ desecration against the nobility of Prophet Muhammad . ”
Followers of Islam all over the world must be hurt by this .
“ The followers Islamic must protest and the creator has to be punished because it is a humiliation , ” he stressed .
The FUI secretary general said that this humiliation might give rise to hostility .
“ The United States , which glorifies democracy and human rights , has actually been acting racist and violating the dignity of other groups .
The followers of Muhammad will not allow this to continue , ” he said .
When asked about a possible protest in front of the US Embassy , Al - Khaththath said that he was still watching the situation .
“ We will see the situation , ” he said .
He said that the desecration of Prophet Muhammad had taken places many times earlier also .
According to him , it had been caused by hatred against the Islamic teaching .
“ It is the Islamic teaching that has become their enemy , not Muslims .
Muslims who have poor Islamic knowledge are not their enemies , ” he said .
According to Al - Khaththath , the other factor operating behind such happenings is a secular law , which did not give severe punishment to the citizen who commit desecration against a religion or a group .
In the 200th episode of South Park broadcast last week , a program created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone , an animated prophet Muhammad was shown wearing a bear suit .
It has riveted protests from many groups so far .
( Description of Source : Jakarta okezone.com in Indonesian — Website owned by Media Nusantara Citra ( MNC ) , the owner of Indonesian Education Television ( TPI ) , Rajawali Citra Televisi Indonesia ( RCTI ) , and Global TV Indonesia ( GlobalTV ) .
Provides on - line news and information ; URL : http://www.okezone.com) ‘
Retailers have started shipping AMD's Phenom II X6 series of desktop six - core processors .
The Phenom II X6 is AMD 's first consumer six - core processor for desktops , which intends to compete with Intel at aggressive price - points .
AMD is starting the series with two models , the Phenom II X6 1055T and Phenom II X6 1090T Black Edition .
German retailer VV Computer priced the 1055T under 200 € at 198.7 € , while the 1090T Black Edition goes for a little over 300 € , at 309.9 €
The Phenom II X6 1055T runs at 2.80 GHz , with Turbo Core speed of 3.30 GHz , while the Phenom II X6 1090T Black Edition runs at 3.20 GHz with 3.60 GHz of Turbo Core speed , and an unlocked bus multiplier to help overclocking .
Both chips have 9 MB of total cache , and TDP of 125W .
If you need some hand - holding ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , watch our video how - to here .
The Verizon Motorola Droid Android 2.1 update !
Finally !
It 's finally here !
Only , it 's not here for everybody .
Such is the way over - the - air updates go .
A few people get them at first , and then the rest of us .
Fortunately , you can now update manually .
( Note : This method does not -- repeat : NOT -- require root access , deals with the devil or any sort of Pagan sacrifice . )
Here 's how .
Download the update from any of these links .
[ Official Location 1 | Location 2 | Location 4 ] ( Note to Mac users :
Do n't use Safari as it may try to extract the files rather than just download them . )
Rename the file to " update.zip " if it is n't already .
( Note that if you 're using Windows , just change the name to " update " -- without the quotes .
Put the file in the root ( aka main folder ) of your microSD card .
( You can pull the card from the phone , or use our method here . )
With your Droid turned off , hold down the letter " x " on the keyboard and then hold down the power button .
You should soon see a triangle with an exclamation point inside .
Now for the tricky part .
Press the volume up button and the camera button at the same time .
( This usually takes me a few tries . )
Erm , though it 's much easier if you let go of the power button first .
You should now be in the bootloader .
Use the D - pad to choose " update from .zip file " and choose the update .
Let things run their course .
That 's it !
You should now be updated to Android 2.1 .
Congrats !
We 're in the midst up updating our own phones , so let us know in the comments how it 's going .
( But do remember that you 're doing this manual update at your own risk . ) [ via Android Central Forums ; Download links via AndroidForums and AllDroid ]
Update : Killed Location 3 , and renamed Location 1 to make it clear it's the official download from Google .
Update 2 : OK , to answer a few of your questions :
You 're all aware of " The Shift " , starring Jason Strudwick and Taylor Chorney by now .
It was possibly the longest shift in the history of the league , at least since teams began to use more than six skaters a side .
Three minutes and forty - five seconds of a Wings onslaught and Jeff Deslauriers has now checked into a shellshock clinic .
In the comments on the article about " The Shift " , Bruce brought something up that I decided to run with .
Bruce comments :
An amazing fact about The Shift that Garth pointed out was that Strudwick and Chorney played against every Detroit skater ( but just the one goalie :) during that sequence .
Check out The Shift chart ( courtesy timeonice.com ) , go to the second half of the second period , find the parallel gigantic bars of 41 and 43 , then just grab one and pull it up and down the table , and you ’ll see 19 different Detroit players participated in this one sequence .
Obviously they do n’t keep records of that sort of thing , but I would wager even money that that may never have happened before ever once in the history of the 20 - man roster .
Play against the whole other team on one shift ??
Presented below , in all her glory , is the shift chart from " The Shift " .
I 've arranged the skaters chronologically as they came onto the ice .
Yes , Garth is correct , all 18 skaters played against Strudwick and Chorney .
Jason Williams found the experience so nice , he did it twice .
Pavel Datsyuk was probably salivating like a wild dog by the time he was allowed on the ice against them .
Evangelist Spurned for Supporting Evolution Evangelical Bible scholar can't get away with supporting evolution .
April 16 , 2010  --
In a country where 61 percent of the population says it believes that the creation story in the Bible is literally true and in which a popular Creation Museum near Cincinnati shows dinosaurs co-existing with Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden , even a respected , conservative evangelical Bible scholar such as Bruce Waltke connot get away with supporting the theory of evolution .
Waltke has caused an uproar in the evangelical movement for this " heresy . "
" If the data is overwhelmingly in favor of evolution , to deny that reality will make us a cult -- some odd group that is not really interacting with the world , " says Waltke .
Almost immediately after posting a video that included this statement on the Internet three weeks ago , Waltke was labeled a heretic , and called " anti-Christian . "
Ken Hamm , the CEO of the Creation Museum , has vehemently opposed Waltke 's proposition .
Hamm says , " I believe what he is saying ultimately undermines the authority of God 's word . "
Waltke has written several theological books over his career , winning the coveted Gold Medallion Book Award in 2002 and the Evangelical Christian Publisher 's Association Christian Book Award in 2008 , and has contributed to several Bible commentaries .
Even though Waltke had the video that supported evolution pulled down , and repeatedly explained that he believes one can believe in both evolution and biblical inerrancy ( the position that the Bible is accurate ) , the attacks have kept coming .
After deciding he'd had enough , two weeks ago Waltke resigned from the Reformed Theological Seminary in Florida where he'd taught for more than a decade .
He blamed the " sheriffs of theology " for hounding him out and causing his resignation .
Peter Enns , who lost his job at an evangelical seminary in Philadelphia under similar circumstances , says a refusal to accept evolution is likely to turn away future generations of Christians .
" They 're being expected to have faith in God but being told that in order to have that faith in God , they need to ignore things that they hear in biology classes . "
Moderate evangelical Randal Balmer says conservative evangelicals are starting to close ranks in the face of mounting evidence supporting the theory of evolution .
" They 're beginning to enforce these sorts of purity codes within their own ranks as a way of locking down the faith against what they perceive to be a real enemy .
Conservative evangelicals insist that undermining God 's words , with counterarguments , such as the theory of evolution , leads to society 's moral decay .
" If there 's not an absolute authority we can trust , then everything else is just opinion , " says Hamm .
Waltke has found a new job at another conservative seminary , but the age - old tension between science and faith is only likely to intensify .
Both sides agree that the stakes could n't be higher .
What are the real facts behind the general election debate ?
Get the key datasets here
General election 2010 : the 10 key datasets to help you decide
With the general election 2010 campaign well and truly underway , it 's easy for the key facts to get lost in a barrage of propaganda , counter - accusations and obsfucation , as Labour , the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats battle for the key marginals .
To help you through the next few weeks of campaign , we 've compiled some of the best datasets .
Every day , we 'll be adding more and more to the site - so let us know if there 's anything else you need to know .
What can you do with the data ?
This election will see hundreds of new constituencies as boundary changes come into effect .
These figures , compiled by the Press Association , identify every new constituency , and the votes needed to win it .
How much pride do you have in your area ?
These numbers measure community involvement on every level .
With cutting public spending a key election issue , these are the most comprehensive figures , department by department .
Straight after the budget , government departments announced sometimes swinging cuts .
Find out which ones are the losers
Full list of every MP , complete with constituency IDs and expenses claims .
See how they add up .
Have things got better or worse under Labour ?
See what the data says .
BNP membership , seat by seat .
For most , it 's not very much .
Get the full data and see for yourself .
Find out which newspapers supported which parties - and what it did to the outcome .
See how it got this big and what could bring it down .
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
World government data
• Search the world 's government datasets
• More environment data
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
- Land certificates in rural Ethiopia boost confidence , status of women
- Effort to certify farmers ' land continues through World Bank 's sustainable land management project
- Major goals include halting land degradation and boosting agricultural productivity
April 21 , 2010 - Tewabech Mamo gazed at the lush barley field in front of her home in the Ethiopian highlands .
Mist rose from a nearby stand of thriving eucalyptus trees she planted after receiving title to more than a hectare of farmland .
Today , she displays her name and photo in the green booklet affirming her land rights .
" It 's as precious as a child - like my own son , " the 52 - year - old mother of four sons and two daughters says of her land certificate .
She got it after divorcing her husband and receiving half the family land .
" I 'm happy , I 'm proud .
This certificate made me equal with the men .
No one is trying to mistreat me .
I have this and now I 'm a proud citizen . "
Mamo is among 349 female landholders in Gola Kebele , a small farming community in Asagirt Woreda south of bustling Debre Birhan , where a Chinese firm is constructing a major north - south highway .
Asagirt Woreda , or district , is considered a food - insecure area .
Despite its beauty it suffers from depleted soils , erosion and low agricultural production .
The World Bank and other international organizations have supported efforts to boost agricultural productivity and livelihoods through fertilizer , other farming inputs and cash - for - work programs .
But the key to reviving agriculture in the region may be a land certification effort that has reassured farmers their land wo n't be taken from them without compensation , as has happened in the past .
Women Gain New Confidence
A 2008 study funded by the World Bank 's Gender Action Plan found that Ethiopia 's large - scale land certification effort - covering 6.3 million households in Amhara , Oromia , Tigray and Southern nations , nationalities , and peoples over five years - reduced conflicts , encouraged farmers to plant trees and use their land sustainably , and improved women 's economic and social status .
Klaus Deininger , lead rural development economist in the World Bank 's Development Economics Group , says , " Women told us land rights were important to them , even if their traditional roles stayed the same . "
Two years later , several women in two districts of Amhara say they 've gained new confidence along with their land rights .
" There have been significant changes in women 's roles and relationships , " says Zewditu Assefa , a 35 - year - old mother of five who inherited her 3 hectare farm from her father after divorcing her husband .
" Previously , they could n't own property , so that really put women in a very weak position to bargain or deal with men in society .
Now that 's not the case . "
Security Concerns Addressed
Land insecurity , present since the monarchy ruled Ethiopia , worsened among farmers when the Marxist Deng regime nationalized all land and redistributed it in the 1970s and ' 80s .
The Ethiopia Peoples Revolutionary Democratic
Front took power in 1991 , and has since introduced a number of policy and legal reforms aimed at improving tenure security and land management .
Prior to the land certification effort , Asagirt Woreda endured conflict - even killings - over land that drove some residents away , local land administration officials say .
But those problems have largely been put to rest now that all of the district 's 10,783 farming households have been certified .
It 's a similar story in Antsokia Gemza Woreda in the Great Rift Valley , where nearly all of the 15,243 households have been registered and where land rights have been claimed by about 1,000 more women than expected .
Previously , women did n't have any rights to property .
Divorced women could expect little more than a sack of grain as a parting gift from their former husbands .
Now , they are entitled to 50 percent of the property .
Wives and widows , commonly hailing from outside the community , previously had only tentative claim over their husband 's land .
" Before getting the certificate in my name , it was just socially understood that the land belonged to my husband , " says Tashegu Woretaw , 48 , a widow with a hectare of land near Mamo 's farm .
" If anything happened to me , I was supposed to leave the home without having anything out of our common property .
So I was not really interested in putting any long - term investment in the land .
After getting the certificate , I planted eucalyptus and also prepared part of it for grass for fattening small stocks and oxen . "
Certification Effort Continues
The first phase of the government 's program , which issued booklets to land holders , was rapid , cheap , and unbiased , aided by democratically elected land use committees at the local level , says Deininger ,
The second phase of land certification will involve mapping land holdings using satellite technology .
A pilot of the second phase of select areas is included in the World Bank 's sustainable land management project covering 35 watersheds in six regional states .
The project is financed with a $ 20 million grant from the International Development Association ( IDA ) , $ 9 million from the Global Environment Facility Trust Fund , and $ 8.79 million from the government of Ethiopia .
The goal is to keep land records updated , with an eye toward developing a nationwide system , says Deininger .
The overall goal of the project is to halt land degradation , which costs Ethiopia 2 - 3 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) each year - a major hit in a country where agriculture accounts for nearly 50 % of GDP , 90 % of export revenue , and is a source of revenue for more than 85 % of the country 's 70 million people .
Farmers as a whole appear to have become more productive since the land titling program began , says Antsokia District Administrator Ato Demiss Kebede .
" Because they have really started feeling the confidence the property belongs to them , they have started to produce more than two to three times as much , and have installed permanent structures and other inputs to improve their land , " he says .
Adds Asresash Hailu from the Woreda 's Women 's Affairs office : " Women have come to understand their rights and the benefits associated with them , not only in terms of land , but overall .
Land certification gave women real confidence and helped them get out of their traditional kitchens . "
As more state and other interested parties line - up to contest the EPA ’s Endangerment Finding , the EPA is becoming creative in trying to come up with other strategies to justify restricting carbon dioxide ( and other greenhouse gas ) emissions .
One new strategy is to use the Clean Water Act to justify curbing CO2 emissions because they lead to ocean acidification ( an impact which itself seems to be overblown ) .
Another is to explore seeking greenhouse gas emissions controls at a local level , under the guise that concentrated local CO2 emissions ( i.e. in cities ) change the local environment in such a way as to elevate human mortality there .
Never mind that such an impact will never be detectable .
My colleague Pat Michaels refers to this as the EPA ’s “ whack - a - mole ” strategy — while effort is concentrated on trying to beat down one of its pesky and ill - founded CO2 - regulating proposals , the EPA pops up another and another and another .
The EPA hopes that after a while , one mole sneaks through unnoticed and manages to grab the prized ( CO2 - enriched ) carrot .
Currently most of the whacking is aimed at trying to halt EPA ’s use of the Clean Air Act as a mechanism for sweeping CO2 regulation .
The ocean acidification issue is just starting to get some attention .
We have briefly touched on ocean acidification here at MasterResource , and found it to be an issue in which it seems that the more that is known the less of a problem it appears to be ( i.e. the real world is a pretty adaptable and responsive place ) .
Hopefully , the EPA ’s recently announced solicitation of public comment “ on what considerations EPA should take into account when deciding how to address listing of waters as threatened or impaired for ocean acidification ” will garner some deserved response before the May 21 , 2010 deadline .
In this post , I want to take a look at a novel mole that needs attention : the idea that local CO2 produces any sort of impact on local mortality that could be detectably reduced by local CO2 restrictions .
Background
In taking questions from the Senate ’s Environment and Public Works Committee last year , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson insisted that that EPA needed to retain certain performance based standards setting for new and existing power plants in order to address local pollution .
Senator Arlen Specter was amazed , saying there is no localized impact from CO2 .
But apparently Jackson knew something that Senator Specter did n’t — the EPA was funding a study that was to conclude that , indeed , local CO2 emissions do raise local mortality in the U.S. — by three one - hundredths of one percent — or by about 792 deaths out of 2,700,000 deaths annually ( from these numbers it would seem that Senator Specter was n’t that far off ) .
The information that Administrator Jackson probably had in her back pocket has now been formalized in the just - published paper by Stanford ’s Mark Jacobson in the journal Environmental Science and Technology , titled “ Enhancement of Local Air Pollution by Urban CO2 Domes . ”
In this paper , Jacobson concludes that local CO2 emissions raise the local level of low - level ozone and fine particulate matter , PM2.5 , which , in turn , raise the rate of local mortality .
This finding prompted Jacobson to remark “ This study establishes a basis for controlling CO2 based on local health impacts . ”
No doubt just what the EPA wanted to hear .
Nowhere did anyone mention that the results of this study were , for all intents and purposes , known a priori , virtually guaranteed by the methodology employed by Jacobson .
After all , climate models ( like the one used by Jacobson ) produce higher temperatures and higher water vapor content when they are driven with higher CO2 emissions , and air pollution models ( like the ones used by Jacobson ) produce more low - level ozone and PM2.5 with higher temperature and moisture , and epidemiological models ( like the ones used by Jacobson ) produce more deaths with higher levels of ozone ( O3 ) and fine particulate matter ( PM2.5 ) .
So , the result — more CO2 =more deaths — is assured .
The only thing that was really missing in this chain of reasoning was whether local CO2 emissions lead to higher local CO2 concentrations ( CO2 is often described as being “ well - mixed ” , that is , evenly distributed in the atmosphere ) .
But , local CO2 “ domes ” have been documented for more than a decade , so it is a wonder that it has taken so long for the local - CO2 - emissions - lead - to - more - local - deaths meme to be hoisted .
Seems like a missed opportunity for all these years !
Main Problems of the Jacobson Study
Here is how the Stanford University press release sums up the import of Jacobson ’s findings :
In the first study ever done on the local health effects of the domes of carbon dioxide that develop above cities , Stanford researcher Mark Jacobson found that the domes increase the local death rate .
The result provides a scientific basis for regulating CO2 emissions at the local level and points out a significant oversight in the carbon dioxide “ cap - and - trade ” proposal that was passed by the House of Representatives in June 2009 and is awaiting definitive action by the Senate .
But is a relationship between local CO2 emissions and local enhanced mortality in the real world demonstrable , universal , or even detectable ?
No , no , and no .
The signal is far too small and the noise is far too great .
Thus , the effect of local CO2 on local mortality is simply undetectable and thus , it is impossible to determine whether or not it even exists , much less whether it could be altered by regulating local CO2 emissions .
Take , for instance , the impact of local CO2 emissions on local temperature .
CO2 “ domes ” can and do form over large cities as the CO2 emissions generated from within , under some meteorological conditions , enhance the local atmospheric CO2 concentration faster than it is mixed away .
Early work to try to quantify this effect was performed by Robert Balling and colleagues for the city of Phoenix , AZ .
They found that under certain meteorological conditions , urban CO2 concentrations could be as high as 550 - 600 ppm ( some 200 ppm higher than the surrounding countryside ) .
Running this CO2 enhancement though a radiation model , Balling et al. calculated that local CO2 emissions raised the local temperature by a bit more than one - tenth of one degree Celsius — a very small amount .
In fact , Balling et al. commented on just how insignificant this temperature rise is by comparing it to the overall urban heat island in Phoenix which typically adds 5 to 10 degrees C to the urban temperatures , “ [ w ] e conclude that the majority of the surface heating associated with the urban heat island effect is due to forcing by phenomena other than the urban CO2 dome .
We suggest that the absorption of solar energy by surface materials and lower soil moisture levels in the urban core would be likely factors in explaining most of the observed surface heating . ”
In other words , other processes associated with urbanization are 50 to 100 times more influential than local CO2 emissions .
And not to mention that the atmospheric conditions are n’t always conducive to a big local CO2 build - up .
The situation is little different in Los Angeles , the city that Jacobson most intently examined with his climate model and determined that the peak air temperature increase from local CO2 emissions was about 0.1 °C — about the same as in Phoenix .
But the climatalogical conditions in L.A. are much different than those in Phoenix and Jacobson ’s climate model indicated an increase in atmospheric moisture to accompany the temperature rise , something the Balling et al. did not document in Phoenix .
However , as with the temperature increase , the moisture increase was small as well .
Typical values of atmospheric water content are measured in terms of kilograms / m2 and can vary by several tens of kilograms on a daily basis — Jacobson reports changes resulting from local CO2 emissions to be in tens of grams / m2 — a thousand times less than daily variability .
This renders such changes observationally undetectable .
Virtually undetectable , too , are all of the knock on air - pollution impacts in the L.A. basin predicted by Jacobson ’s models : higher low - level ozone ( projected to increase by 0.1 to 0.2 ppbv ) , more fine air particulates , PM2.5 , ( projected to increase by less than 1 microgram / m^3 ) , and enhanced peroxyacetyl nitrate , PAN , ( projected to increase by less than 0.02 ppbv ) .
But , the beauty of the mortality models is that no matter how small the changes in air pollutants like O3 , PM2.5 and PAN , they will produce fractionally more mortality .
Sum these fractional changes over a large enough population and you start to produce whole numbers .
For instance , for L.A. , summing over the population of 17.3 million people , Jacobson gets about 14 extra deaths / yr from the O3 enhancement and 81 extra deaths / yr from the PM2.5 enhancement .
So , according to the models , that is 95 extra deaths as a result of local CO2 emissions out of the approximately 144,109 deaths that occur in L.A. every year .
Try finding that in the observations .
Which is the overall problem in a nutshell .
All of Jacobson ’s reported changes , with the exception of the transient existence of the CO2 dome itself , are only detectable in computer - model world , where all other factors are controlled for and each model in each step is presumed correct .
In the real world , it is impossible to find these extra deaths , even if they did occur exactly as Jacobson describes — there are just too many other confounding factors .
Further , all throughout the Jacobson analysis , the changes are so small that tiny tweaks to any of the employed models — climate , air pollution , or epidemiology — will have the potential to significantly alter the results as currently reported .
And such tweaks are always occurring as none of these model - types are set in stone and each is an active and evolving field of scientific study .
Other Problems of the Jacobson Study
And the problems do n’t stop here .
In fact , there are myriad other areas of concern .
Here are brief summaries of a few :
• Jacobson uses his models to scale the results to the state and national level ( he reports about 792 extra deaths nationally from local CO2 emissions ) , but in scaling up , the spatial resolution of his climate model drops , and thus local ( and complex ) meteorological processes are not well - handled .
As Jacobson described these local processes as being important in L.A. , and as Balling et al. have shown the effect to be different in Phoenix , not having a good handle on local meteorology — which itself is influenced by the very existance of the city — makes state and national impact estimates unreliable .
• Jacobson does not discuss the notion of “ mortality displacement ” — that is , some deaths from a particular event may simply be moved up a few days , and so the impact on total mortality averaged over a longer period of time may be much lower .
Mortality displacement has been shown to account for a significant portion ( ~10-30 % ) of excess mortality associated with heat waves .
So it is a potential issue in Jacobson ’s analysis as well .
In other words , his total elevated mortality estimates which are already too low to be detected , probably should be even lower .
•
The epidemiological models are far from being certain , and even further from being universally applicable .
There are many studies which suggest that different populations show different responses to environmental stressors .
This limits the ability of up - scaling to provide reliable results •
Despite rising urban temperatures and urban CO2 domes , air quality has been getting demonstrably better in American cities .
So any local CO2 negative effect is being overwhelmed by other phenomena .
•
Despite rising urban temperatures and urban CO2 domes , heat - related mortality ( to which most of the projected elevated CO2 mortality is associated ) has been demonstrably declining in American cities .
So any local CO2 negative effect is being overwhelmed by other adaptive measures .
Conclusion
Hopefully , the Jacobson study was just supposed to get folks thinking about this issue .
However , I hope that my article gets the same people to understand that the issue is far more complex than the Jacobson study seems to indicate .
Let this serve as a shot across the bow to the EPA that pursuing the idea of regulating local CO2 emissions in the name of decreasing local mortality is not going to go uncontested — when / if this mole sticks its head up , it is going to get whacked .
References :
Balling , Jr. , R.C. , Cerveny , R.S. , and C. D. Idso , 2001 .
Does the urban CO2 dome of Phoenix , Arizona contribute to its heat island ?
Geophysical Research Letters , 28 , 4599 - 4601 .
Jacobson , M. Z. , 2010 .
Enhancement of local air pollution by urban CO2 domes .
Environmental Science and Technology , 44 , 2497 - 2502 .
So , you thought you got a bit of a break between the Olympics and the Wild 's first game , huh ?
Not so much .
The NHL trade freeze was lifted last night at midnight eastern time , and the deadline is 3 PM eastern on Wednesday .
We have gone over this subject a bit already in the past couple months , but with the deadline looming , let 's look at each Wild player and take a shot at the likelihood they may be traded .
This may also help to put away some of the really stupid rumors like trading Niklas Backstrom .
Make the jump .
In Wild.com roster order :
Eric Belanger -A UFA on July 1st , Belanger looks to be a prime candidate for a trade deadline type deal .
Excellent face - off artist , solid in the defensive zone .
With Dominic Moore garnering a second round pick before the Olympic break , that should be the going rate for Belanger .
If Fletcher wants to go a different direction with the sdecond line center spot , expect Belanger to be moved .
( Or is Brodziak the second line center now ? )
Derek Boogaard - Another excellent candidate to be traded .
The Boogey man would be a great pick up for any playoff team thinking they need toughness .
I am not sure what the going rate for an enforcer is , but my guess is it would not be all that much .
I think even a fourth round pick may be asking too much .
I am hoping Boogey sticks around .
Pierre - Marc Bouchard - Not likely .
On LTIR , very little interest of any other team to pay him to not play .
Kyle Brodziak - I do n't think Brodziak is going anywhere .
He is signed through 2012 at a very friendly cap hit .
He has shown chemistry with Lats , Havlat , Clutterbuck ... yeah , he 's not moving .
Andrew Brunette - Signed through next season , Bruno would command a pretty good return from a team looking to add a vet , but it wo n't happen this year .
Cal Clutterbuck - Recently signed to an extension , Clutter is n't going anywhere .
Andrew Ebbett - A UFA at the end of the year , Ebbett would be a likely target , but having been waived twice this season , there may be little market for him .
Of course , he was claimed both times , so maybe there would be .
A good depth player .
Who knows .
Maybe a third round pick ?
Martin Havlat - Yeah .
No .
Not 100 % sure , but 90 % sure he has a No Trade Clause .
Not happening .
For anything .
Chuck Kobasew - Fletcher paid a pretty good price to bring Kobasew in .
Looks to be part of the long range plan .
Return on a trade would have to be pretty high , and Kobasew is hurt on top of everything .
Not happening .
Mikko Koivu - HA HA HA HA HA HA ! ( breath ) HA HA HA HA HA HA !
No .
Guillaume Latendresse -
An RFA at the end of the year , Lats will be re-signed and will be sticking around for awhile .
Shown great chemistry with Havlat , playing his butt off .
He 's not available .
Antti Miettinen - Signed through next season .
Unless someone offers something pretty good , he 's not going anywhere .
Not untouchable by any means , but not a likely target .
Owen Nolan -
One of the prime targets right now .
A grizzly vet with scoring touch and one of the best locker room presences in the league .
Yeah , I bet no one calls about him .
Value ?
That 's a bit more tricky .
I 'd say a second rounder or a prospect .
Or both ?
James Sheppard -
Not likely to be a target unless he is included as part of a package deal .
I mean come on , who is out there right now in their war room saying , " You know who the difference maker is ?
James Sheppard . "
No one .
That 's who .
Cam Barker - Just brought in .
Not going anywhere .
Brent Burns -
I would say no flat out , but you never know here .
I do n't think he has the trust of Fletcher ( just an opinion ) , and as a young defenseman , he may garner some interest .
Asking price is likely high though .
For the right offer , Burns could move , but is very unlikely .
Shane Hnidy - Another UFA , he could certainly be a target .
A defensive d-man , Hnidy may be a target for Fletcher to re-sign , but again , for the right offer ?
I 'm guessing he goes .
Defensemen are trade deadline gold , but not usually defensive d-men .
At best , maybe a fourth rounder , and for that I think he sticks around .
Nick Schultz -
No way .
Core player , signed long term .
Not a deadline type deal .
John Scott - Big , strong , willing and able to fight .
Oh , and a UFA .
Not a lot of confidence running through the organization for Scott , so maybe he is dealt for a late round pick .
Fifth ?
Greg Zanon - Signed long term .
Going nowhere .
Marek Zidlicky - See Russo's story about this .
This will be a true deadline deal .
If he wo n't sign , he goes .
Flat out .
Fletcher sounds very interested in signing him , but the sides are not there , and Fletcher is not going to play games .
He will command a solid return , especially with Leopold earning a second round pick .
Zids has got to be worth a player and prospect or a first rounder and prospect .
I put the odds on a trade higher than the odds on a signing .
Niklas Backstrom -
See entry above entitled " Mikko Koivu . "
No trade clause .
Starting goalie , one of the best in the league .
What could a team possibly offer to even make the Wild think for a half a second about this deal ?
Josh Harding - A good target , but not at the deadline .
Harding likely goes to a team looking to rebuild , not to a team looking for a back - up .
Limited options .
If he goes , it will be for a second round pick or a prospect .
There , a primer .
We 'll watch together in the next two days to see what happens .
Enjoy the ride .
Pirates have seized a tanker off Madagascar in the Indian Ocean and are sailing it towards the Somali coast , the ship 's Norwegian owners have said .
The UBT Ocean was carrying oil from the United Arab Emirates to Tanzania , Svenn Pedersen , of owners Brovigtank , told Reuters .
Piracy has made the seas off the Horn of Africa among the most dangerous in the world , despite naval patrols .
Attacks usually increase between March and May when the seas are calmer .
Mr Pedersen said the owners had received a call from the captain who said there were pirates on board the ship .
" Very quickly afterwards we lost all contact with the boat , " he told AFP news agency .
The UBT Ocean is registered in the Marshall Islands .
Its seizure comes two days after pirates captured a Saudi tanker and its crew in the Gulf of Aden and sailed it to the Somali town of Garacad .
An international naval force is patrolling the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean but has been unable to stop attacks on shipping from pirates based in Somalia .
War - ravaged Somalia has had no functioning government since 1991 .
Wooden Churches
Travelling in the Russian North 100 years after Bilibin
( An oddly - dressed man approaches my concessions stand , looking a bit worried . )
Me : “ Hi there , how may I help you ? ”
Customer : “ What time is it ? ”
Me : “ About a quarter to 11 . ”
Customer : “ But what time EXACTLY is it ? ”
Me : “ Ah … it ’s exactly 10:47 , sir . ”
Customer : “ AM or PM ? ”
Me : “ Um , AM . ”
Customer : “ Thank you !
And what day is it ? ”
Me : “ It ’s Tuesday , sir . ”
Customer : “ No , no !
What is the day of the month ? ”
Me : “ It ’s July 14th . ”
Customer : “ Thank you .
What is the year ? ”
Me : “ Um , 2009 . ”
Customer : “ 10:47 am on July 14th , 2009 ?
Oh , no , I ’m late ! ”
After months upon months of enthusiastic , cheer - leading coverage of any rally that involved tea , tea bagging or tea partying , the Fox News network has miraculously disproved itself by producing a new poll that finds Americans think more highly of the Internal Revenue Service than they do the vocal conservative minority .
Atop the fourth page of a Fox News Opinion Dynamics poll released April 8 , the questioner explains that respondents would be read a series of names and asked whether their opinion is positive or not .
The most popular among the names is Barack Obama , who scored a 50 percent approval rating .
Second was the Internal Revenue Service , at 49 percent .
ADVERTISEMENT
Down below Democrats and even below Republicans is the “ Tea Party , ” at 36 percent approval .
This particular poll ’s questions reference the “ Tea Party ” as though it were a unified group , akin to a third party actor , instead of what it really is : a disparate collection of middle to fringe right wing groups that originally came together as an organizing platform for Congressman Ron Paul , but were popularly coopted and briefly organized by old guard Republicans into a series of loud and angry demonstrations against the health reform laws .
Naturally , ratings for individual political leaders were lower than ratings given to entire political parties , but when asked about Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi , respondents were especially harsh , giving them 16 and 29 percent favorability , respectively .
The only single politician who scored lower than Democratic leadership was House Minority Leader John Boehner , one of the GOP ’s top men and a key public face for the party , with just 12 percent approval .
Naturally , Fox News went on to ask poll respondents questions like how in - line they think their values are with the “ Tea Party ” and whether they were less likely to vote for their congressperson if they cast a yes ballot on health reform .
They also asked people to rate how health reform made them “ feel , ” set to a scale of “ good ” or “ bad , ” and if they “ feel ” like the United States ’ economy will suffer because of the new laws .
The placement of the IRS in double - digits over the “ Tea Party ” in favorability is startling , especially considering how vocal most of the group ’s loudest activists are concerning taxes .
Though virtually all lower and middle class Americans received a tax cut by President Obama , 90 percent of tea party respondents to a February CBS poll were oblivious to this fact .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Fox Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s poll finding is particularly humorous considering that a recent conservative attack on health care reform has been toÃ‚Â falsely claim that it would lead to the hiring of 16,500 IRS agents to enforce the law , ” noted Matt Corley , writing for Think Progress .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ ’I suspect every Republican candidate will campaign on a promise to cut off all funding in January for the 16,000 IRS agents , ’ said Newt Gingrich recently .
‘ You donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t needÃ‚Â a health Gestapo in the United States . ’ Ã¢â‚¬Â 
In a separate CBS poll released Thursday , the network found that most Americans have a negative opinion of Sarah Palin , which the news organization called “ a sort of spokesperson ” for the tea parties .
According to their analysis , 38 percent of Americans have an unfavorable opinion of the former politician , whereas just 24 percent like her .
Among Republicans that rating is much higher : 43 percent view Palin favorably , while another 41 percent either did n’t have enough information or simply could not decide .
ADVERTISEMENT
Because of her recent speech to the 67th annual Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America expo ( which receivedÃ‚Â rather bitter reviews ) , Palin was offered $ 25,000 by Nevadans for Sensible Marijuana Laws to give a short pep talk to their group .
Ã¢â‚¬â€ ¹” There ’s no reason why former Governor Palin should reject our offer , ” a spokesman jokingly said , citing how much safer cannabis is than alcohol .
One possible reason why she ’d decline : according toÃ ‚Â
The New York Times , Ã‚Â Palin chargesÃ‚Â up to $ 100,000 per appearance – Ã‚Â something that even tea partiers have chided her for and a fee the alcohol purveyors presumably paid .
ADVERTISEMENT
Though she did not address any issues specific to the wine and spirits industries , Palin did emphasize one term in particular during her speech to the conference .
According to Tom Wark ’s wine blog , she was all about “ deregulation ” in a fuzzy , non-specific sense : likely the wrong theme to employ while speaking to a room of professionals who serve an industry that strongly supports special regulations springing from the 21st Amendment to the Constitution , which Palin would now appear to be against , just on general principle .
Top US hedge fund managers took in $ 25.3 billion
By Tom Eley
2 April 2010
The top 25 managers of US hedge funds took home a record $ 25.33 billion in 2009 , according to the new issue of the industry journal AR : Absolute Return + Alpha .
The unchecked moneymaking in 2009 marked a dramatic reversal from the crisis year of 2008 , when the top 25 took home “ only ” $ 11.6 billion .
It surpassed even the heady days of 2007 , when they combined for $ 22 billion .
This almost unfathomable level of personal enrichment exposes President Barack Obama ’s Wall Street bailout .
With the official unemployment rate near 10 percent , and with every level of government slashing jobs , education , and social programs , a small handful of individuals have — through sheer financial manipulation — reaped one - year profits counted in the billions .
The biggest gainer in 2009 was David Tepper , head of Appaloosa Management , who took home $ 4 billion .
In late 2008 , when the share values of the major banks were crashing , Tepper correctly wagered that Obama would carry on the Bush administration ’s efforts to prop up the finance industry .
Tepper invested heavily in the twice - bailed out insurance giant , American International Group ( AIG ) , which the Treasury Department determined could not be allowed to collapse because of the threat posed to its politically - connected counter - party , Goldman Sachs .
Buying into the big finance houses on the cheap , Tepper has benefited enormously .
Of course , “ it did not hurt that the Treasury Department was a fellow investor , ” as a New York Times analysis notes .
Undoubtedly Tepper ’s ties to his former employer , Goldman Sachs , were also beneficial .
The most powerful investment bank ’s former executives , one - time colleagues of Tepper ’s , populated key economic posts in the Obama and Bush administrations .
Number two on the list is Hungarian - born speculator George Soros , who is better known as a prominent financier of Democratic Party candidates and European “ color revolutions . ”
Soros took home $ 3.3 billion in fees and investment gains in 2009 , while his fund , Quantum Endowment , grew by 29 percent , exceptionally high but far off the 130 percent gain of Appaloosa .
At fourth place is John Paulson , who was number one on the list for 2007 , when he raked in $ 3.7 billion by betting against the subprime mortgage industry .
He has since carried on his good fortune by betting against the banking industry early in 2008 , and then buying back in when prices were low , preparing the way for his 2009 windfall of $ 2.3 billion .
Of the top 25 hedge fund managers , the most lowly - paid took home $ 350 million in 2009 .
The $ 25.33 billion paid out to 25 individuals in one year was greater than the GDP of about 100 nations in 2008 .
These 25 managers took home about $ 7 billion more in one year than California ’s current deficit , which has been used as a sledge hammer against social programs , public education , and the jobs and wages of government workers in the most populous US state .
In his 2010 budget , Obama proposed cutting funding for low - income home heating assistance ( LIHEAP ) to $ 3.3 billion .
Thus a program that last year helped some 20 million Americans stay warm would next year receive the same amount of money as the number two hedge fund manager .
It is not only revealing that the hedge fund managers have reaped windfall payments in spite of the economic crisis , but how they have done so .
In 2008 the hedge funds , along with the finance industry as a whole , very nearly fell victim to their own mad speculation .
The Wall Street bailout — which has placed the US Treasury and Federal Reserve at the disposal of the major finance houses — substituted for this state of affairs a new speculative frenzy .
The AR data reveals that those managers who fared the best in 2009 correctly anticipated that the new occupant in the White House would , as he repeatedly promised , “ do whatever it takes ” to right the Wall Street ship .
Obama has not disappointed the financiers .
Not only has he continued to funnel trillions to the finance industry , his administration has scuttled any attempt to apply even the mildest limits to executive compensation and the most symbolic regulations to the banks and hedge funds .
Now , with the state bailout of Wall Street assured , the hedge funds are preparing to move on to new sources of profit .
Veteran corporate raider Carl C. Icahn , who came in at number 6 on the 2009 list with $ 1.3 billion in profits , summed up the philosophy of the top hedge fund managers .
“ Last year , there was a great opportunity in debt .
It was very , very undervalued , ” he said .
“ Today , it ’s fully valued .
There are still great opportunities in bankrupt companies , but dealing with bankruptcies is an arcane art and much more complicated than simply buying distressed debt . ”
Icahn ’s reference to “ great opportunities in bankrupt companies ” should be taken as a warning that the financiers are preparing a new assault on the jobs and wages of the working class similar to the destructive mergers and acquisition craze of the 1980s , which saw entire industries and whole regions of the US devastated for the personal enrichment of a layer of criminal speculators .
Icahn should know — in the 1980s his “ investments ” led to the breakup or near - destruction of such icons of industry as US Steel , the airline TWA , and Texaco Oil .
Such destructive practices are the bread - and - butter of the hedge funds , shadowy investment clubs usually open only to their own executives and elite investors .
Managers are rewarded primarily for short - term gain , paid as they are by the industry standard “ 2 and 20 ” rate — 2 percent of the fund ’s overall asset value plus 20 percent of its profit .
The hedge funds ’ massive bets against companies or entire nations often cause their desired outcome .
In late February , for example , the Wall Street Journal reported that leading hedge funds had recently held private talks in New York City that focused on a joint attack against the euro over the Greek debt crisis .
Prominent among those present was George Soros .
During an “ exclusive ‘ idea dinner ’... hosted by a boutique investment bank at a private townhouse in Manhattan , a small group of all - star hedge - fund managers argued that the euro is likely to fall ” sharply , the Journal reported .
The investors were keenly aware that their own actions and pronouncements could prove decisive in such an outcome , with Soros the week before warning that unless the debt crisis gripping Greece and other countries was resolved “ the euro may fall apart . ”
The campaign against Greece over its sovereign debt has not only resulted in a fall in the euro — presumably to the enrichment of the hedge fund managers .
It has also led to the imposition of massive cuts to wages , pensions , and social spending in Greece and other countries — in other words , to the direct plundering of the working class .
Such destructive practices mark a sharp acceleration of long - term trends in US capitalism that are now being played out on a global scale .
Hedge funds were virtually unknown until the late 1960s , and did not come to the fore until the mid 1980s .
Now the 213 largest US hedge funds have combined assets of $ 1.82 trillion — equivalent to the world ’s eighth largest economy .
In earlier periods , the richest figures in the American business world , however ruthless , were associated in one way or another with the production of commodities .
Their names were tied to a particular industry , such as Vanderbilt ( railroads ) , Carnegie and Morgan ( steel ) , Rockefeller ( oil ) , and Ford ( automobiles ) .
Today the real money is to be made in the destruction of value .
It is noteworthy that pay among business CEOs declined somewhat in 2009 .
To be sure , the top CEOs took home annual pay that dwarfs by a factor of thousands that of their workers .
Ray Irani of Occidental Petroleum was paid $ 52 million , Robert Iger of Disney $ 21 million , Samuel Palmisano of IBM $ 20 million , and William Weldon of Johnson & Johnson $ 20 million .
But while the top four US CEOs took home a combined $ 113 million , the top four US hedge fund managers raked in $ 12.1 billion , more than 100 times as much .
The enrichment of the financial speculators is the outcome of conscious political decisions .
It was made possible , it must be reiterated , by the Wall Street bailout — without question the largest - ever transfer of wealth from a public treasury to the wealthy elite .
Now the Obama administration is forcing the working class to foot the bill .
While trillions were given to the banks , Obama has refused assistance to the states and cities , leading to wholesale layoffs among teachers and government workers .
Obama has put in place a freeze on discretionary social spending , and with passage of his so - called “ health care reform ” has set the stage for drastic reductions in Medicare spending and cleared the decks for an assault on Social Security .
Technical Manual , War Department , June 29 , 1943
[ DISCLAIMER :
The following text is taken from a WWII U.S. War Department Technical Manual .
As with all manuals , the text may be incomplete or inaccurate .
No attempt has been made to update or correct the contents of the original technical manual .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
CHAPTER 2
GERMAN 88-MM ANTIAIRCRAFT
GUN AND MOUNT
Section IV
OPERATION
Paragraph
To place the weapon in firing position ...................................................... 21
To traverse .............................................................................................
22
To elevate .............................................................................................
23
To operate the breech mechanism ..........................................................
24 Points to be observed before firing ........................................................ 25 Points to be observed during firing .........................................................
26 To load ....................................................................................................
27
To fire ...................................................................................................... 28 To recock ............................................................................................... 29
To unload ............................................................................................... 30
To place the weapon in traveling position ................................................. 31
21 . TO PLACE THE WEAPON IN FIRING POSITION .
a .
The piece may be fired from the wheels but must be emplaced for high angle fire .
To fire from the wheels :
(1) Unlimber the prime mover from the drawbar .
(2) Set the hand brakes on the rear bogie .
(3) Engage the elevating gear clutch by pulling the clutch lever to its downward position ( fig. 37 ) .
Figure 37 — Engaging Elevation Gear Clutch
(4) Release the muzzle rest ( fig. 38 ) by :
( a) Unscrewing the muzzle rest lock so that the chain may be swung over the barrel .
( b) Elevating the gun slightly so that the muzzle rest may be pushed forward and down onto the bottom carriage .
Figure 38 — Releasing Muzzle Rest
(5) Level the top carriage by cross-leveling handwheels , using the level indicator for reference ( fig. 39 ) .
Figure 39 — Leveling Top Carriage
(6) Unfold the rammer guard ( fig. 40 ) to the operating position ( fig. 41 ) .
Figure 40 — Unfolding Rammer Guard
(7) Cock the rammer assembly by rotating the rammer crank handle in a counterclockwise direction ( fig. 41 ) .
Figure 41 — Cocking Automatic Rammer
b. To Emplace the Mount .
(1) Unlimber the prime mover from the drawbar .
NOTE : The operation of disconnecting both bogies is identical .
(2) Operate the winch until the chain takes all the weight from the locking jaws ( fig. 42 ) .
Figure 42 — Unlocking Front Bogie from Bottom Carriage
(3) While one man steadies the winch , disengage one locking jaw at a time by raising handle ( figs. 42 and 43 ) .
Repeat for the other locking jaw on the bogie .
Figure 43 — Rear Bogie Locking Jaws
(4) Simultaneously with the above , lower the side outriggers by performing the following steps .
NOTE : The instruction plate ( fig. 44 ) on the left outrigger reads " VOR AUSLOSEN DER STUTZEN SEITENHOLM DURCH 2 MANN FESTHALTEN , " which translated means , " Before releasing the side outrigger supports , steady ( the outriggers ) by 2 men . "
( a) Releasing the locking bar plunger ( fig. 44 ) .
( b) Removing the safety chains ( fig. 44 ) .
( c) Swinging the outriggers down .
(d) Locking the outriggers in place by rotating the locking pins ( fig. 45 ) .
Figure 44 — Releasing Locking Bar Plunger and Removing Safety Chain
Figure 45 — Locking Outriggers in Place
(5) When the mount is completely lowered , unhook the bogie chains ( fig. 46 ) .
Figure 46 — Mount Lowered to Ground
(6) Disengage the hooks securing the bogies to the mount ( figs. 47 and 48 ) .
NOTE : Unhook the front bogie first .
Figure 47 — Front Bogie Hook Disengaged
Figure 48 — Rear Bogie Hooks Engaged
(7) Remove the bogies , connect them together with the transporter bar , and wheel them away as a complete trailer unit .
(8) Engage the elevating gear clutch by pulling the clutch lever to its downward position ( fig. 37 ) .
(9) Release the muzzle rest ( fig. 38 ) by :
( a) Unscrewing the muzzle rest lock so that the chain may be swung over the barrel .
( b) Elevating the gun slightly so that the muzzle rest may be pushed forward and down onto the bottom carriage .
( 10 ) Support the bottom carriage and side outriggers with the leveling jacks ( fig. 49 ) .
Figure 49 — Supporting Mount and Outriggers on Leveling Jacks
( 11 ) Secure the mount in position by driving the stakes through the bottom carriage and outriggers as shown in figure 50 .
Figure 50 — Staking Mount and Outriggers
( 12 ) Level the top carriage by the cross-leveling handwheels , using the level indicator for reference ( fig. 39 ) .
( 13 ) Unfold the rammer guard ( fig. 40 ) to the operating position ( fig. 41 ) .
( 14 ) Cock the rammer assembly by rotating the rammer crank handle in a counterclockwise direction ( fig. 41 ) .
22 . TO TRAVERSE .
a . The traversing handwheel is located on the right side of the carriage ( fig. 10 ) .
Rotate the handwheel clockwise for right traverse and counterclockwise for left traverse , either in high or low speed .
(1) TO TRAVERSE IN LOW SPEED .
Trip the gear selector lever ( fig. 31 ) toward the mount so that the lever will engage one of the four notches on the inner collar on the traversing handwheel shaft .
(2) TO TRAVERSE IN HIGH SPEED .
Trip the gear selector lever away from the mount so that the lever will engage one of the four notches on the outer collar on the traversing handwheel shaft .
23 . TO ELEVATE .
a . The elevating handwheel is located on the right side of the carriage ( fig. 10 ) .
Rotate the handwheel clockwise for elevation and counterclockwise for depression , either in high or low speed .
(1) TO ELEVATE IN HIGH SPEED .
Trip the gear selector lever away from the mount so that the lever will engage one of the four notches on the outer collar on the elevating handwheel shaft .
(2) TO ELEVATE IN LOW SPEED .
Trip the gear selector lever toward the mount so that the lever will engage one of the four notches on the inner collar on the elevating handwheel shaft .
24 . TO OPERATE THE BREECH MECHANISM .
a. To Open .
(1) Normally , in action , the breech is opened , percussion mechanism cocked , and cartridge case extracted during counterrecoil of the gun .
(2) To open the breech manually before inserting the initial round of ammunition , grasp the breech actuating lever and squeeze the trigger to release the retaining catch ( fig. 51 ) .
Rotate the breech actuating lever clockwise as far as it will go .
Figure 51 — Firing the Gun Manually
(3) Opening the breech manually may be performed either during the engaged or disengaged position of the " SEMIAUTOMATIC - HAND " ( " SEMIAUTOMATIK - HAND " ) catch .
With the catch engaged , a strong pull to rotate the breech actuating lever is necessary .
To engage the catch , pull down on the catch plunger and raise the catch in front to engage the breech actuating mechanism ( fig. 51 ) .
The catch is disengaged when it is pressed down in front ( fig. 52 ) .
Figure 52 — Disengaging " SEMIAUTOMATIC -HAND " Catch
b. To Close .
(1) Normally , in action , the breech is closed by the cartridge base tripping the extractors , thereby releasing the breechblock , which closes due to the force of the spring in the breech actuating mechanism .
(2) After the firing period , it is necessary to close the breech .
This is accomplished by rotating the extractor actuating lever in a clockwise direction ( fig. 51 ) or operating the loading tray interlock without a round in the tray .
25 . POINTS TO BE OBSERVED BEFORE FIRING .
a. Lubrication .
All points should be thoroughly lubricated as prescribed ( par. 33 ) .
The recoil , recuperator , and rammer cylinders should be filled to proper oil levels ( pars. 37 , 38 , and 39 ) .
The recuperator and rammer cylinders should be charged to proper gas pressure ( pars. 37 and 39 ) .
26 . POINTS TO BE OBSERVED DURING FIRING .
a .
If the gun fails to fire , the following safety precautions must be observed :
(1) Stand clear of the path of recoil .
(2) Keep the gun at firing elevation .
Do not depress the piece .
(3) Keep the gun directed in traverse either on the target or on a safe place in the field of fire .
(4) The breech will not be opened until at least 10 minutes after the last unsuccessful attempt to fire the piece .
27 . TO LOAD .
a . Place the shell on the loading tray and swing the tray in line with the axis of the bore of the gun .
At this point the loading tray interlock is released and the expanding gas forces the rammer cylinder back along the piston ; thus the rammer arm is rapidly withdrawn , seating the round ( fig. 53 ) .
Swing the empty loading tray back to its original outboard or loading position .
b . When firing at angles above 45 degrees , set the buffer valve to " QUICK " ( " SCHNELL " ) ( fig. 35 ) by turning the valve clockwise .
At angles below 45 degrees , the valve is set to " NORMAL " ( " NORMAL " ) by rotating the valve counterclockwise .
28 . TO FIRE .
a . With the loading tray interlock set at " AUTOMATIC " ( " AUTOMATIK " ) ( fig. 53 ) , the gun will fire as soon as the loading tray clears the path of recoil and is returned by hand to its outboard or firing position .
Figure 53 — Shell Partially Rammed
b. With the loading tray interlock set at " HAND " ( " HAND " ) , the gun must be fired by performing either one of the following steps :
(1) Raising the firing lever on the left side of the cradle ( fig. 53 ) .
(2) Pulling the auxiliary trigger on the right side of the cradle ( fig. 51 ) .
29 . TO RECOCK .
a . In case of a misfire , it will be necessary to recock the percussion mechanism by rotating the cocking lever in a counterclockwise direction as far as the word " WEIDERSPANNEN , " which means " RECOCK . "
Then return the cocking lever to its original position at " FIRE " ( " FEUER " ) ( fig. 51 ) .
Fire the gun as described in paragraph 28 again ; and if the gun again misfires , wait 10 minutes and then unload as described in paragraph 30 .
30 . TO UNLOAD .
a . Open the breech .
If the extractor does not eject the shell , grasp the shoulder on the cartridge base and withdraw it from the breech recess .
Then reload the gun .
31 . TO PLACE THE WEAPON IN TRAVELING POSITION .
a .
To place the weapon in traveling position after having been fired from the wheels :
(1) Release the pressure on the rammer by operating the loading tray interlock without a round in the tray .
The rammer guard may now be folded back .
(2) Swing the muzzle rest up to vertical position and secure the gun to it .
(3) Disengage the elevating gear clutch .
(4) Release the hand brakes .
(5) Connect the prime mover to the drawbar .
b . To place the weapon in traveling position after having been fired from emplacement :
(1) Release the pressure on the rammer by operating the loading tray interlock without a round in the tray .
The rammer guard may now be folded back .
(2) Withdraw the stakes and secure them in their places on the outriggers .
(3) Swing the muzzle rest up to vertical position and secure the gun to it .
(4) Disengage the elevating gear clutch .
(5) Remove the transporter bar from between the bogies .
(6) Secure the bogies to the mount by engaging the hooks provided for the purpose .
(7) Connect the bogie chains to the bottom carriage .
(8) Place the side outriggers in traveling position by :
( a) Unlocking the outriggers by rotating the locking pins .
( b) Swinging the outriggers up against the mount .
( c) Engaging the locking bar plungers .
(d) Securing the safety chains .
(9) Operate the winch to raise the bottom carriage high enough to engage the locking jaws .
( 10 ) Lower the bottom carriage until its weight settles in the locking jaws .
NOTE : Use steps ( 9 ) and ( 10 ) with the front bogie first .
( 11 ) Connect the prime mover to the drawbar .
Pirelli has emerged as a third potential supplier of Formula One tyres in 2011 .
It has been confirmed that Michelin , favoured by the FOTA group , as well as Avon-Cooper - believed to be favoured by Bernie Ecclestone and small F1 teams due to its lower - cost proposal - are in the running to replace the departing official supplier Bridgestone .
Milan - based Pirelli said late last year that it did not want to enter F1 because it " prefers to develop tyres for racing that will also be used on the road " .
But after a shareholder 's meeting in Milan on Wednesday , chairman Marco Tronchetti Provera said Pirelli might rethink its attitude if certain conditions are met .
Like Michelin , he said Pirelli wants the diameter of F1's tyres to be increased from 13 to 18 inches , and would also need to supply its product with an economic benefit to the company .
According to Italian reports including ANSA and the Milan daily Il Giornale , Tronchetti Provera added that if those conditions can be met , Pirelli would " look into this [ F1 ] world with greater attention " .
He insisted , however , that at the moment " there is nothing " more to the rumours .
Following an announcement by the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) that it will no longer keep files of reported UFO sightings , it has emerged after painstaking detective work that - in fact - it is no longer doing so .
The shock move by the MoD was revealed at the weekend by Blighty 's foremost UFO expert and talking head , Dr David Clarke of Sheffield Hallam uni , after he obtained " a formerly secret MoD document " using the Freedom of Information Act .
This document was drafted at the time of the MoD decision last November to close its UFO desk - manned by a single case officer - and to cease keeping files of reported UFOs .
Amazingly ( to Dr Clarke at least ) it appears that indeed this is being done : all UFO reports received by the MoD are nowadays answered with a form letter and then thrown in the bin after thirty days .
The " Hotline " phone number no longer exists .
Meanwhile there has been a policy of transferring the existing , vast piles of filed reports to the National Archives , which then makes them public .
Thus the MoD has managed to rid itself of a tiresome chore and some minor expense at a time when it has little cash to spare .
But Dr Clarke is understandably cross :
As I suspected all along , the closure of the UFO desk and the decision to transfer all remaining MoD files to The National Archives are linked ... by the end of the disclosure programme MoD will retain no further paperwork on UFOs .
The disclosure of this document makes it evident this is the endgame as far as the MoD are concerned .
But if MoD have learned anything from 50 years experience it should be that UFOs will simply not go away .
I suspect that the next time a near - miss incident involving civil or military aircraft occurs , they will be forced to rethink this somewhat short - sighted policy .
Although he belongs to the " sceptic " wing of the UFO community , Dr Clarke plainly loves UFO files for their own sake and considers taxpayers ' money well spent on collecting and filing them .
But there may be a tiny crumb of comfort for the doc and other frustrated UFO fanciers .
They can no longer expect to while away pleasant hours trawling through vast MoD files and pestering hapless civil servants with FoI requests : but there will still be UFO files of a sort .
The fabulous soaraway Sun , as everyone knows , has pledged to take on the task of running the nation 's UFO files from the MoD .
We wish Dr Clarke all good fortune in his future - and no doubt extensive - dealings with the Currant Bun . ®
Perhaps the capacity to believe in a supernatural agency is simply non-existent in atheists ( Image : Jonathan Hordle / Rex Features )
Editorial : Time to accept that atheism , not god , is odd
HERE ’s a fact to flatter the unbelievers among you : the bright young things at the University of Oxford are among the most godless groups ever studied in the UK .
Of 728 students surveyed in 2007 , 48.9 per cent claimed not to believe in any god , with 49.6 per cent claiming no religious affiliation .
And while a very small number of Britons typically label themselves as “ atheist ” or “ agnostic ” ( most surveys put it at about 5 per cent ) , an astonishing 57.3 per cent of the …
Elintarvikealan lakon sovittelu on keskeytetty eikä uudesta sovitteluajankohdasta ole tietoa .
Elintarviketyöntekijät aloittavat keskiviikon vastaisena yönä lakon , joka vähentää etenkin tuoreen lihan ja leivän saatavuutta kaupoista .
Toissaviikkoista laajempi lakko voi näkyä myös esimerkiksi juustohyllyssä .
Alko arvioi , ettei viinasta tule pulaa , koska myymälät pursuavat alkoholia lähestyvän vapun takia .
Yöllä alkava lakko on selvästi toissaviikkoista työtaistelua laajempi , sillä mukana on tuplasti työntekijöitä ja enemmän yrityksiä .
Lakko laajenee nyt myös osaan meijereistä , panimoista ja viinatehtaista .
Lakko näkyy nopeimmin tuoreen lihan ja leipien valikoimien kaventumisena .
Suurimmat leipomot arvioivat , että lakko kaventaisi valikoimaa heti keskiviikkona .
Lihatalojen alasajo alkoi jo
Lihatalojen alasajo alkoi jo tiistaina , sillä tiloilta ei enää kerätä lakon takia eläimiä teurastamoille .
Elintarviketeollisuusliiton mukaan kolmipäiväinen lakko tietäisi sitä , että perjantaina tiloilla on teurastusta odottamassa 70 000 sikaa .
Osassa kaupoista liha- ja leipähyllyt ovat jo valmiiksi tavallista tyhjempiä edellisen elintarviketyöläisten lakon jäljiltä .
Tuotantoa ruuhkauttaa myös se , että elintarvikealalla on ylityökielto .
Valion mukaan perustuotteita kuten maitoa , kermaa ja piimää pyritään tekemään esimiesvoimin , mutta esimerkiksi juustot voivat vähetä kaupoista , jos lakko etenee .
Lakon piirissä ovat myös Altian Koskenkorvan ja Rajamäen tehtaat .
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset / Antti Pilke
If you were recently diagnosed with celiac disease , you may be wondering if your last beer was ... well , your last .
If you 're a host to guests who can't eat wheat or barley , you may be curious about what sorghum beer tastes like .
And if you 're a restaurant , store , or bar owner , you may wonder if any gluten - free beer could be worth having in stock .
We tried every gluten - free beer we could get our hands on , and the news is good : plenty of them are tasty and drinkable .
While none of these are our new favorite brews , they 're far better than we feared .
Please note , all of these beers were labeled " gluten free " in our local store , and to the best of our knowledge , they are safe for celiacs .
You may want to do further research for safety 's sake .
Our Favorite Gluten - Free Beers
Our favorite of the bunch was St. Peter 's Sorghum Beer from the UK .
It 's a solid Pilsner - style lager that will appear to fans of Grolsch .
It 's crisp and dry , with good body and hints of bay leaf and lemon peel .
It would be great with bratwurst , but it 's clean - tasting enough to drink on its own .
We usually do n't raise our glasses to brewing giant Anheuser - Busch , but their Redbridge lager is surprisingly nice .
It 's a crisp , refreshing wheat - and barley - free substitute for Yuengling or the like , with only a hint of the sourness that is common in sorghum beers .
Recommended with Reservations
Green 's Discovery Amber
Ale is n't like an American Amber — it 's fruity and tangy , with orange marmalade flavors and a slightly harsh bitter dryness .
We bet this would be good with barbecue chicken .
The entire Green 's line is a bit pricey at $ 5 - 7 a bottle , though .
Green 's Quest Tripel
Ale is crisp and a little grassy , with notes of tart raspberry , orange peel , and cloves .
It 's pretty drinkable for 8.5 % alcohol , but as it warms , the bitter finish gets a bit harsh .
Green 's Endeavour Dubbel is much lighter than most dubbels we 've tried , and quite carbonated .
It reminded us of rum - raisin desserts and cherry soda — pretty tasty , but it might not satisfy a craving for beer .
Skippable
Bard 's
Gold has a toasty rye - bread - like flavor and a little more body than the St. Peters and the Redbridge , but after an initial burst of malty flavor , it tastes a little like a copper penny .
The bitter finish was a bit off - putting to most of our tasters .
A sweet - tart sourness distinguishes New Grist from the rest .
It 's a little yeasty , and while it 's crisp , we did n't find it as drinkable as the options above .
Disclosure : The Bard 's Gold was a review sample .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
SEATTLE , April 10 / PRNewswire / -- Carpenter 's Tower , LLC , the owner of the 25 - story McGuire Apartments in the Belltown area of Seattle , today announced plans to vacate the building at Second Avenue and Wall Street over the next several months due to extensive construction defects which are financially impractical to repair .
" While there are no imminent tenant safety issues , the experts involved in the investigation and repair of the building have indicated that there will be structural issues that could present safety issues by 2011 and beyond , " said Brian Urback , with Kennedy Associates , the real estate advisor for Carpenter 's Tower .
" The McGuire is not in imminent danger of a structural failure and the experts have advised that the building be vacated by the end of 2010 .
Under the circumstances , we are taking steps to vacate the building over the next several months and to help our tenants relocate .
Since the necessary repairs are impractical , the decision of the owner is to dismantle the building . "
The building owner has informed officials at the Seattle Department of Planning and Development ( DPD ) of the extensive construction defects , which principally involve corrosion of post - tensioned cables and concrete material and reinforcement placement deficiencies .
The post - tensioned cables are corroding because the ends of the cables were not properly protected with corrosion preventative paint , and the grout used to seal the cable ends and anchors was not the specified non-shrink grout and was defectively installed .
As a result , water leaked into these areas and caused the cable ends to rust , and then corrode .
In addition , reinforcement placement in the building 's exterior frame is defective , resulting in cracking and spalling of concrete , as well as structural impairment .
DPD has written a letter indicating it will issue an order later this year finding the building no longer safe to occupy and requiring the owner to " correct the unsafe conditions or vacate the building by December 31 , 2010 , or earlier . "
The letter also indicates that the city is " requiring that the owner monitor the building condition and periodically submit inspection reports to DPD . "
" We are providing an incentive package to help our tenants relocate much faster than the end of the year , " Urback said .
" We recognize that this is a major inconvenience so we are trying to make it as easy as possible under difficult circumstances .
We are providing what we think are generous financial incentives if they move quickly .
We are paying moving expenses .
And we are having our building staff help them find new apartments . "
Carpenter 's Tower is owned by Carpenters Union , Local 131 , and by MEPT , the Multi-Employer Property Trust .
Construction of the McGuire was completed in 2001 .
There are 272 residential apartments and four street - level retail spaces in the building .
Carpenter 's Tower has filed suit against the general contractor responsible for the construction of the building and against the building 's architects .
SOURCE Kennedy Associates Real Estate Counsel , LP
The Making of Trace : The Informer
ABC NEWS
DOCUMENTARY
… How journalists Rachael Brown and Josie Taylor tracked down Nicola Gobbo in hiding overseas and delved into the complex and dangerous world of gangland criminals , police , and lawyers to tell the story of ' Lawyer X '.
WWW …
This program was published 3 hours ago , available until 5:00 pm on 30 Dec 2020 .
Accused International crime - kingpin Alexander Surin's new nickname is " Don Car - leone " after his arrest included the seizure of millions of dollars in exotic cars .
That nickname 's different than his secret forum screenname we found flaunting his automotive collecting prowess .
UPDATE .
Advertisement
Surin was arrested by Spanish authorities and extradited to France in September , leading authorities to seize the following vehicles from Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
These vehicles represent what they now believe is only part of his amazing collection :
Bugatti Veyron ( x2 ) : $ 1,680,000 ( $ 3,360,000 )
Enzo Ferrari ( x2 ) : $ 613,000 ( $ 1,226,000 )
Rolls - Royce Phantom Drophead Coupé : $ 491,000
Rolls - Royce Phantom : $ 421,500
Ferrari 599 GTB : $ 318,000
Ferrari California : $ 220,000
Porsche 911 GT3 : $ 125,000
Advertisement
The collection inspired one Interpol source to tell The Sun : " It 's absolutely incredible .
Never mind the Godfather 's Don Corleone - he is Don Car-leone . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
One would expect a lifestyle like Alexander Surin's to stand out .
But despite jet - setting around Europe for his " business , " which , according to European police , most certainly included organized crime and drug- running , and amassing a collection of some of the most expensive exotic cars in the world , Surin supposedly lived a very quiet public life .
Police claim he drove a " humble banger " around England rather than one of his fleet of exotic cars and never flaunted his amazing ill - gotten wealth .
Advertisement
That 's because Surin kept his love of exotic cars hidden from the real world .
Instead he chose to freely flaunt it in the digital world .
In 2006 , Surin created an anonymous account on the Ferrari Chat ( membership required ) forum , a semi-exclusive online automotive lounge for owners and lovers of the famed Italian marque .
It was there where he posted under the name " Icemanbops , " a hilarious screen name given " iceman " is a slang term for a cocaine dealer .
The " Bops " part is because this Alexander Surin may be Michael Boparan , a trader busted in a major customs sting in 2003 whose conviction was overturned due to a mistake on the part of the prosecution .
He previously served time for masterminding an extensive identity theft ring in 1995 .
Advertisement
There are accounts under the same name on the Pistonheads forum and on Benzworld , where he talks about his SLR Roadster and refers to himself as a " Pharma Manufacturer . "
Advertisement
Considering the secrecy with which he lived his life — police say he stashed more than $ 1.1 million in cash in the cars they found — the details he shared online — photos , and information about his Ferraris and about future Ferrari products — is astonishing .
It 's clear in the many posts we examined on FerrariChat that Surin was seeking praise for his generosity ( buying cars for his brother and wife ) and also the acknowledgment of his amazing collection he could n't get in the real world .
Advertisement
Most of the other forum members gave Surin platitudes :
" Congrats !!
I enjoy all of your threads .
Please continue to post photos of your great collection .
Most of us could only dream of living the great life that you are . :) "
Advertisement
What a life indeed .
in hindsight , some of the comments Surin posted on the forum are extremely appropriate , including an acknowledgment of the best way to do business with a dealer :
In Europe its really a matter of getting to know your local dealer and getting a order placed .
They will always take an order with deposit , its just a matter of then opening up a dialogue to ensure you get yours as quickly as possible and then not flipping it .
Once you have one on ordered and delivered the next one is much easier .
Advertisement
He was also incredibly well - connected with the Ferrari establishment , sharing information about the Ferrari 599 GTO , which debuted this last week in China , way back in February 2009 :
Just to let you know that Ferrari will be building a 599 GTO , it will be a strictly limited edition car , offered to invited known Ferrari owners .
Will let you know as I have more details , car will be available end of this year .
Advertisement
Other than the timing he was completely right .
Not everyone took to " Icemanbops , " who went by the name " Mike " ( possibly in reference to his real name ) in private conversations , mostly because there were few who believed someone could own all these cars .
At one point another member calls BS on Surin 's request for help in locating an Enzo , not realizing who he was dealing with .
Advertisement
An offended Surin responds :
No Doubt you have seen or heard it all before .
I am not here to waste anyones time , I have subscribed to this forum and simply requested help from people who have a genuine interest and regard for this marque .
I could buy the first and probably most expensive car offered , would n't make sense as its not how I run my life or my businesses .
I also enjoy the hunt .
( emphasis added )
Advertisement
No one seems to ask what his business is , and he never tells .
When someone presses him later to prove after he buys the Enzo its his he says he 'll do whatever it takes to prove the car is his except pose for a picture with it .
" I will answer every question and pander to all requests for pics ( of the car that is ) ! "
His brother , however , he was okay with showing in pictures .
Advertisement
He also apparently was willing to give a ride to a member of the Detailingworld forum ( where he may have used the name Tbops ) in exchange for a wash - and - wax with the $ 2,200 Vintage Glaze car treatment .
From this we 've got video of the car driving around and , possibly , a bit of the alleged kingpin 's voice .
Surin drops off the forums after April 2008 but returns in October to crow about the new Enzo ( his second ) he 'd purchased .
Once again he 's faced with skepticism from people unaware of the type of person is on the other end of the message board .
Calmly and coolly he withdraws from the forum :
Gentlemen I take offense in having my integrity questioned .
It has been in this thread and also in the 5 yr old Lebanon Enzo thread .
I am withdrawing from F - chat as an active participant , it should be a forum that shares and involves and invokes enthusiasts of this very special marque .
I have given a number of inside lines as to new cars coming into production and many insights into cars I own .
However I am getting tired of defending myself , I shall just enjoy the cars I have and the many on order .
Not being too sensitive at all , just tired of it .
Will just smash about in the cars from now on and keep my opinions to myself and live the dream .
If you ever see me , hoot or pull up and have a chat .
Take it easy Bye guys .
Mike .
He did return , once again , to talk about his displeasure with his Ferrari California ( " Even my wife wo n't drive it " ) and to share the news of his Bugatti purchases .
His last post was in August 2009 and concerned with who might be the first to buy a Ferrari 458 Italia .
That was n't the last time he'd hit the FerrariChat forum .
According to his profile , he last signed on March 13th at 5:46 am .
He made no posting since and now has deleted his profile .
Was he on the run from the cops ?
Did he know he was being hunted ?
This is rumored to be video of Surin / Boparan himself getting out of one of his Ferrari Enzos .
Advertisement
A spokesperson for the SOCA ( Serious Organized Crime Agency ) of the British Government confirmed to Jalopnik they 've " Frozen a number of properties and high - value cars as part of an ongoing civil recovery investigation . "
Given what 's on the FerrariChat forum it 's clear there 's more out there .
Ed Schultz went after Bill - O for doubling down on his " jail time " lie that we 've covered here at C&L. Media Matters ' Eric Burns joins
Ed to talk about Fox News and why their network can never admit how their propaganda network lies to their viewers day in and day out .
From Media Matters -- O'Reilly 's latest bogus spin : Nobody at Fox pushed jail - time falsehood about " final bill " :
Responding to criticism from Media Matters about his claim that " [ n] obody " on Fox News advanced the false claim that under the health care legislation individuals could go to jail for failing to purchase insurance , Bill O'Reilly claimed that when " jail time " had been " on the table , " Fox had reported on it , but no one on Fox made the claim after that provision was supposedly removed .
In fact , the health care bill Fox had been reporting on also did not have " jail time " as a penalty for not having health insurance .
Bill - O really , really , really hates Media Matters for America , so keep up the good work guys .
Anyone that can manage to make Bill - O's head explode on at least a weekly basis is alright by me .
Cardinal Bertone is seen as second only to Pope Benedict Gay rights activists have criticised a Vatican official who sought to link homosexuality to paedophilia when commenting on child sex abuse scandals .
The UK's Stonewall group said it was astonishing gay people should still be dealing with " such an offensive myth " .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone had said homosexuality , not celibacy , lay behind the child sex abuse scandals .
The cardinal , the Vatican 's secretary of state , was speaking in Chile , where his comments were also condemned .
Cardinal Bertone was attempting to defuse the scandals currently afflicting the Catholic Church , which are largely cases of priests molesting children , mainly boys , the BBC's David Willey reports from Rome .
He added that some " surprising " initiatives regarding the sex abuse scandal would soon be revealed but did not elaborate .
' I have the documents ' Visiting the Chilean capital Santiago on Monday , Cardinal Bertone told a news conference : " Many psychologists , many psychiatrists have demonstrated that there is no relationship between celibacy and paedophilia but many others have demonstrated , I was told recently , that there is a relationship between homosexuality and paedophilia .
" That is true .
I have the documents of the psychologists .
That is the problem . "
Patricio Walker , a Chilean senator who helped draft anti-paedophile laws , said he would like to see what scientific studies the cardinal was referring to because he thought he was wrong .
A Chilean communist MP , Hugo Gutierrez , told AFP news agency : " Celibacy does more damage to a human being than homosexuality , which is a freely made choice .
" I 'm shocked by these words from a senior dignitary of the Church . "
In Rome , the head of Italian gay rights group Gaylib , Enrico Oliari , said it was " worrying that the foreign minister of a state that occupies the heart of the Italian capital would use arguments that are considered passe even in the Third World " .
Aurelio Mancuso , former president of a Italian gay rights association Arcigay , said : " The truth is that Bertone is clumsily trying to shift attention to homosexuality and away from the focus on new crimes against children that emerge every day . "
The Pope 's spokesman has indicated that Benedict may have a discreet private meeting with victims of clerical sexual abuse in Malta during his visit there this coming weekend .
The Pope should not feel he is under the pressure of the glare of the media if such a meeting takes place , Fr Federico Lombardi said , so that he can listen and communicate with them .
In Malta , 10 men have taken three Catholic priests to court for alleged child abuse in their youth and have asked to meet the Pope .
There has been a high incidence of reported cases on the small Mediterranean island , whose inhabitants are mainly Catholic , our Rome correspondent notes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As provincial Finance Minister Dwight Duncan pointed out in his budget speech two weeks ago , spending on health care in Ontario is rising faster than every other category .
Twenty years ago , health care accounted for 32 cents of every dollar spent on provincial government programs ; today , it is 46 cents ( after discounting some one - time items ) ; in 12 years , it is projected to be 70 cents .
That is clearly unsustainable .
It will either bankrupt the government or drive down spending on every other item , from schools to subways .
What to do about it ?
Health Minister Deb Matthews provided a broad outline of the government 's plans in a speech yesterday .
While short on specifics , the speech provided some interesting clues on where Matthews is headed .
First of all , she has wisely ruled out user fees or some other two - tier approach .
" Whoever needs care will get care , " Matthews declared .
As for containing costs , the government is relying on a mixture of carrots and sticks .
Among the carrots is legislation linking the pay of health - care executives to the quality of care delivered .
The sticks include bargaining down generic drug prices and the " professional allowances " for pharmacies .
( More on this in a subsequent editorial . )
Matthews said the government also plans to create an " independent , expert advisory board to provide evidence - based recommendations on clinical practice guidelines . "
That sounds a lot like Britain 's National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence , the watchdog that issues guidelines on what medicines , treatments and procedures are appropriate for coverage .
Its recommendations have saved the British National Health Service hundreds of millions of pounds , but not without some controversy .
Finally , Matthews referred to " patient - based " payments for hospitals , which now get block funding from the government .
" The main goal is to move toward a model where hospitals are compensated for services they provide and not just receiving base - funding increases year over year , " she said .
That could lead to rationalization of services , with certain procedures offered only in hospitals that can deliver them most efficiently .
Again , it is likely to be controversial if it means closing , say , emergency rooms or obstetrics wards in some hospitals .
It is not clear how fast and far the government will move down this path , especially if it encounters public resistance .
Matthews said her intention is to begin implementing the plan " in the coming year . "
With an election looming next year , the government may miss that deadline .
But at least it is starting to tackle the problem .
This is a guest post by Richard Lowery , Jr .
Below is a brief quiz regarding some issues that are of serious concern for our country .
People who are much more intelligent than a hayseed like me , such as university professors , Washington D.C. think tank occupants and members of the media , have postulated modern sophisticated answers to these questions .
Let ’s take the quiz and see how well you do !
Many of our neighborhoods are crime ridden putting the safety of families at risk .
You are handed a magic wand to fix the problem .
You get one wave of the magic wand to change one thing .
What is the best thing for you to wish for ?
Elect more Democrats Double down on the progressive narrative that the real problems are cops gone bad , Trump supporting deplorables and the sinister workings of Western Civilization .
Put body cameras on law enforcement personnel and pass legislation that outlaws all guns including slingshots that fire objects larger than a kernel of corn .
Create a new federal department called :
The Department of the B ureau of U nnecessary L ayer upon L ayer of S tudies that H inder I deas and T hinking ( The U.S. Department of B.U.L.L.S.H.I.T. )
Have way more people attend church every week .
School test scores are not competitive with other countries .
You are handed a magic wand to fix the problem .
You get one wave of the magic wand to change one thing .
What is the best thing for you to wish for ?
Elect more Democrats Empower the already powerful teacher ’s unions with more powerful power .
Create a new federal department called :
The Department of V ocational O bfuscation for the M indless I ncrease in T esting S ( The U.S. Department of V.O.M.I.T.S. )
Have way more people attend church every week .
Single parent households are increasing causing unstable family structures , childhood poverty and other social pathologies .
You are handed a magic wand to fix the problem .
You get one wave of the magic wand to change one thing .
What is the best thing for you to wish for ?
Elect more Democrats Create a fleet of helicopters to fly over the country to drop condoms on the nation ’s cities , towns , villages and farms .
Then attach a Planned Parenthood clinic to every Catholic church .
Create a new federal department called :
The Department of the B ureau of A bsurd D affy I nane D erisive & E ntirely A wful S olutions .
( The U.S. Department of B.A.D. I.D.E.A.S. )
Have way more people attend church every week .
Our civil society is deteriorating .
People feel lonelier , less engaged with each other and the civic bonds that previously held us together seems to be deteriorating .
You are handed a magic wand to fix the problem .
You get one wave of the magic wand to change one thing .
What is the best thing for you to wish for ?
Elect more Democrats Institute a “ smile at someone ” federal tax credit that creates incentives for taxpayers to grin at people they do n’t know .
The program will allow people to write off on their taxes the expense of smiling at total strangers .
Hire 30,000 IRS agents to audit taxpayer smiling activity to ensure that the program is not abused .
Create a new federal department called :
The Department of S illy T axes & U nbelievably P reposterous I RS D ( The U.S. Department of S.T.U.P.I.D. )
Have way more people attend church every week .
So , how well did you do on the quiz ?
If you selected the answers 1 through 3 then you agree with most university professors , Washington D.C. think tank occupants and members of the media .
The bad news is that you are wrong , but the good news is that you should immediately apply for a job in one of those fields since they are always looking for people with credulously incorrect world views like yours .
If you selected the answers listed after d , then you are right .
That is the good news .
But , the bad news is that this means that our societal difficulties cannot easily be fixed by all - purpose solutions generated by our technocratic superiors who like put all our problems in various neat boxes adorned with colorful charts and then drone out centralized decisions that no -one ( including them ) really understands and have all the proceedings broadcasted on C - span in the evening so I can watch their vapidity in action which makes me fall asleep on my couch thereby dropping the glass of soda that I was holding causing me to wake up suddenly and startle my dog .
Voluminous studies that could fill the gilded banquet halls of Trump Tower reveal that the personal decisions made by individuals have the largest impact on life ’s outcomes .
And whether we like it or not the best way that our species has come up with to transmit from generation to generation those practices that lead to good personal behavior is through organized religion .
There is no better way to defer lechery , greed , sloth , avarice or the punching of your little sister when mother is not looking than the notion that a consistent accumulation of bad earthly checkmarks may lead to an eternal room assignment in Hotel Hell .
And if you are bad enough , then you might even be condemned to watch an endless loop of Barney shows and Hillary Clinton speeches which is enough to make anyone wail and gnash their teeth .
Study after study shows that neighborhood crime , violence and poverty are reduced when stable families are prevalent and the data affirms that religious worship tends to produce stable families .
Members of religious institutions account for a large proportion of secular social capital that we used to take for granted . ( 1 )
Religious worshippers are … much more likely than other persons to visit friends , to entertain at home , to attend club meetings , and to belong to sports groups ; professional and academic societies ; school service groups ; youth groups ; service clubs ; hobby or garden clubs ; literary , art discussion and study groups ; school fraternities and sororities ; farm organizations ; political clubs ; nationality groups ; and other miscellaneous groups . ( 2 )
Social Scientist Charles Murray further reports that :
Churches serve specifically as a resource for sustaining a democratic citizenry .
Various studies have found that active involvement in church serves as a kind of training center for important social skills .
All these relationships hold true even after controlling for demographic and socio-economic variables .
People who attend church … have longer life expectancies , less disability in old age , and more stable marriages .
There is strong evidence for the relationship to religiosity to happiness and satisfaction with life , self - esteem , less depression and less substance abuse .
The list goes on , including many positive outcomes for children raised by religious parents . ” ( 3 )
The results appear to be in .
More religion – on average - means better societal outcomes .
Yet , our intellectual betters – the good people at Harvard , the New York Times and many quarters of the Democratic Party – are getting more secular .
What the heck ?
Let us agree that religion does not cure all ills since we humans are weak creatures either because of our fallen nature due to original sin - or for the more secular among us - due to unfortunate genetic coding through the accidental deterministic process of evolution .
( 4 ) Yet even the more insightful of our progressive brethren will acknowledge the positive societal impact of faith , but they are uncomfortable with many old time religious values .
Religion is fine if it does not get in the way of the good works done by abortionists and if the faithful stay quiet about their beliefs in the public square .
Religion is fine if we can distribute contraceptives to 9th grade students but do n’t allow them to pray in school .
Religion is fine if it is put in a box , secularized and conforms to the editorial positions of the Washington Post .
The problem with this approach is that it neuters traditional religion by turning it a watered - down smiley faced pile of niceties that demands little of its adherents ; hence they may give little back .
One might as well join a book club where you meet once a month to bring delicious snacks to eat and have some non-judgmental conversation where you must be careful not to step on anyone ’s toes .
But , the positive societal results will be minimal .
Book clubs tend not to do things like encourage people to devote one ’s life to help orphans , raise money to take care of indigent strangers , minister to the sick , delay gratification , avoid self - destructive behaviors or just help a neighbor .
Bible thumping evangelicals will spend their vacations building houses for the less fortunate because they believe that the big guy upstairs wants them to do these things , but such activities are not often organized by book clubs which are not designed to guide their members toward eternal happiness .
When you have a lot of skin in the game , then you tend to be more willing to put in more effort .
Our intellectual betters take issue with traditional religion because it gets in the way of their world view which transfers responsibility from the individual to “ society . ”
When vacuous blame can be assigned to personified entities like society , then it increases the importance of our secularized superiors who fancy their lot as the new high priests who should dictate values to the knuckle - dragging unwashed masses as opposed to the priests , ministers or rabbis who base their beliefs in bronze age semi superstitious creeds that grew out of the misty past .
Progressive elites believe that they have access to new and improved psychoanalytic and central planning scientific insights ; hence , when presented with counter arguments based on Judeo - Christian values , their common response is , “ back off man , this is science ! ” ( 5 ) Of course , there is nothing wrong with science , it ’s just that : a ) science is being misapplied to the wrong topics , and b ) even the “ data ” used by our technocratic superiors to browbeat us into submission is sometimes suspect , inconclusive and does not support their conclusions .
( 6 ) Our secularist friends have such fervent beliefs that they often take the liberty of unilaterally relieving themselves from burdens like common sense , evidentiary standards and any responsibility when their knuckleheaded programs go astray .
So , it is all very tiring .
Solutions that do n’t solve problems are constantly being trotted out and vast sums of money are shoveled at unhelpful bureaucratic schemes that – at times – even aggravate the situation .
Sometimes the best answer is not more Democrats , more bureaucratic regulations or more government , but rather to just tell someone “ knock it off man and get your sorry butt to church or you will burn in hell . ”
Richard J. Lowery
Jr is a hayseed from upstate New York who has about a 50/50 chance of burning in hell .
Footnotes
(1) Charles Murray , Coming Apart , ( New York : Cox and Murray , 2012 ) , pp 200 - 201
(2) Charles Putnam , Bowling Alone , ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 2000 ) p. 67
(3) Murray p. 201
(4) It is interesting to note that Roman Catholic theology has never had a major quarrel with evolution .
The 1909 Catholic Encyclopedia said that evolutionary concepts appear to be , “ in perfect agreement with the Christian conception of the universe . ”
For a good three ½ page recap of the Catholic thought on this issue see , ” Stephen Barr , “ The Design of Evolution ” , First Things , # 156 , ( October 2005 ) , pp 9 - 12 .
(5) This is a paraphrase from the Bill Murray line in Ghostbuster ’s : “ Back off man , I ’m a scientist . ”
It is one of my favorite movie lines and - in my opinion - it is right up there with the Strother Martin line in Cool Hand Luke : “ What we got here is a failure to communicate ! ”
(6) Our intellectual superiors have been known to bald - faced lie so that they can educate us on the errors of our benighted ways .
Some of the all - time reprehensible whoppers occurred leading up to the Roe vs Wade decision when pro-abortion advocates were giving the public a hard sell on the virtues of abortion .
Dr. Bernard Nathanson , who was a prominent leader in the effort to legalize abortion , years later wrote about tactics of deceit that were used at the time .
“ We persuaded the media that the cause of permissive abortion was a liberal enlightened , sophisticated one .
Knowing that if a true poll were taken , we would be soundly defeated , we simply fabricated the results of fictional polls .
We announced to the media that we had taken polls and that 60 % of Americans were in favor of permissive abortion .
This is the tactic of the self - fulfilling lie .
Few people care to be in the minority .
We aroused enough sympathy to sell our program of permissive abortion by fabricating the number of illegal abortions done annually in the U.S.
The actual figure was approaching 100,000 but the figure we gave to the media repeatedly was 1,000,000 .
Repeating the big lie often enough convinces the public .
The number of women dying from illegal abortions was around 200 - 250 annually .
The figure constantly fed to the media was 10,000 .
These false figures took root in the consciousness of Americans convincing many that we needed to crack the abortion law .
Another myth we fed to the public through the media was that legalizing abortion would only mean that the abortions taking place illegally would then be done legally .
In fact , of course , abortion is now being used as a primary method of birth control in the U.S. and the annual number of abortions has increased by 1500 % since legalization . ”
Bernard Nathanson : “ Confessions of an Ex- Abortionist ” In The Hand of God : A Journey from Death to Life by the Abortion Doctor Who Changed His Mind .
( Regenery Publishing , 2001 ) as quoted by www.catholicnewsagency.com/resources/abortion/articles-and-addresses/an-ex-abortionist-speaks/
Enlarge By Jack Plunkett , AP State Board of Education Chairwoman Gail Lowe .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION About Editorials / Debate Opinions expressed in USA TODAY 's editorials are decided by its Editorial Board , a demographically and ideologically diverse group that is separate from USA TODAY 's news staff .
Most editorials are accompanied by an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature that allows readers to reach conclusions based on both sides of an argument rather than just the Editorial Board 's point of view .
Jefferson Davis — Mississippi cotton planter , president of the Confederacy and stout defender of slavery — might be a historical footnote to most Americans , but he 's about to get a politically inspired boost .
A determined majority of the Texas Board of Education is preparing to require that Texas students be taught about Davis , and his discredited view of states ' rights , alongside Abraham Lincoln , the Great Emancipator .
OPPOSING VIEW : Teach founding principles
Within a few days , that and hundreds of other proposed changes in standards for teaching social studies in Texas schools , many with a similar ideological bent , are to be formally posted in Austin for public comment .
With a 2 - 1 board majority already behind the changes , most if not all are expected to be adopted at its next meeting , in May .
Because of Texas ' massive presence in the textbook market nationwide , the state board 's idiosyncratic view of history is likely to show up in what 's taught in schools across the USA for the next decade .
Among the other changes in the current draft : Downgrading the place of Thomas Jefferson among the Founders because of board members ' dislike of his support for separation of church and state .
In sociology , the review committee that submitted proposed standards to the board suggested study of the impact of cultural movements in art , music and literature such as Tin Pan Alley , the Beat Generation , rock ' n ' roll , country - western music and hip - hop .
The board majority threw out hip - hop as offensive .
Country music survived .
None of the board members setting social studies standards for the coming decade is a historian , but no detail is too small for the board 's micromanagement .
" Capitalism " is out as a name for the U.S. economic system ( " negative connotation , " said one member of the majority ) ; the required term will now be " free enterprise system . "
That particular change is harmless enough , but this sort of agenda - driven revisionism is n't narrow and is n't confined to Texas .
Nearly half the states have a centralized curriculum system , often dominated by a politically elected or appointed board .
Kansas has been tied in knots for a decade over teaching evolution .
At the other end of the politically correct spectrum , California regulates the portrayal of genders , minority groups , the elderly and the disabled .
According to the Los Angeles Times , publishers have even been discouraged from labeling the residents of poor countries as , well , poor .
Negative stereotyping , you know .
Members of the Texas board and their backers say they 're just trying to restore balance to an academic system they view as skewed to the left .
But that misses the point .
Standards should be set by professionals in their fields .
They should not be a vehicle for scoring points in the culture wars .
Texas ' impact on education nationally should decline as computerized publishing makes it easier and less costly to tailor texts for individual markets .
But why should students in Texas , or anywhere , have their education warped by political and ideological gamesmanship ?
Steven Strogatz on math , from basic to baffling .
Mathematical signs and symbols are often cryptic , but the best of them offer visual clues to their own meaning .
The symbols for zero , one and infinity aptly resemble an empty hole , a single mark and an endless loop : 0 , 1 , ∞ .
And the equals sign , = , is formed by two parallel lines because , in the words of its originator , Welsh mathematician Robert Recorde in 1557 , “ no two things can be more equal . ”
In calculus the most recognizable icon is the integral sign :
Its graceful lines are evocative of a musical clef or a violin ’s f-hole — a fitting coincidence , given that some of the most enchanting harmonies in mathematics are expressed by integrals .
But the real reason that Leibniz chose this symbol is much less poetic .
It ’s simply a long - necked S , for “ summation . ”
As for what ’s being summed , that depends on context .
In astronomy , the gravitational pull of the sun on the earth is described by an integral .
It represents the collective effect of all the minuscule forces generated by each solar atom at their varying distances from the earth .
In oncology , the growing mass of a solid tumor can be modeled by an integral .
So can the cumulative amount of drug administered during the course of a chemotherapy regimen .
Historically , integrals arose first in geometry , in connection with the problem of finding the areas of curved shapes .
As we saw two weeks ago , the area of a circle can be viewed as the sum of many thin pie slices .
In the limit of infinitely many slices , each of which is infinitesimally thin , those slices could then be cunningly rearranged into a rectangle whose area was much easier to find .
That was a typical use of integrals .
They ’re all about taking something complicated and slicing and dicing it to make it easier to add up .
In a 3 - D generalization of this method , Archimedes ( and before him , Eudoxus , around 400 B.C. ) calculated the volumes of spheres , cones , barrels , prisms and various other solid shapes by re-imagining them as stacks of many wafers or discs , like a salami sliced thin .
By computing the volumes of the varying slices , and then ingeniously integrating them — adding them back together — they were able to deduce the volume of the original whole .
Today we still ask budding mathematicians and scientists to sharpen their skills at integration by applying them to these classic geometry problems .
They ’re some of the hardest exercises we assign , and a lot of students hate them , but there ’s no surer way to hone the facility with integrals needed for advanced work in every quantitative discipline from physics to finance .
One such mind - bender concerns the volume of the 3 - D region common to two identical cylinders intersecting in a perpendicular fashion , like stovepipes in a kitchen .
It takes an unusual gift of imagination to visualize this shape clearly .
So there ’s no shame in admitting defeat and looking for a way to make this shape more palpable .
To do so , you can resort to a trick my high school calculus teacher used — take a tin can and cut the top off with metal shears to form a cylindrical coring tool .
Then core a large Idaho potato or a piece of Styrofoam from two mutually perpendicular directions .
Inspect the resulting shape at your leisure .
Lacking both potato and Styrofoam , we have to settle for trying to convey on a flat screen what this curious solid looks like :
Remarkably , it has square cross-sections , even though it was created from round cylinders .
It ’s a stack of infinitely many layers , each a wafer - thin square , tapering from a large square in the middle to progressively smaller ones , and finally to single points at the top and bottom .
Computer animations now make it possible to reveal the structure of the shape much more easily and vividly .
Still , picturing the shape is merely the first step .
What remains is to determine its volume .
Archimedes managed to find it , but only by virtue of his astounding ingenuity .
He used a mechanical method based on levers and centers of gravity , in effect weighing the shape in his mind by balancing it against others he already understood .
The downside of his approach , besides the prohibitive brilliance it required , was that it applied only to a limited range of shapes .
These conceptual roadblocks stumped the world ’s finest mathematicians for the next 19 centuries … until Gregory , Barrow , Newton and Leibniz established what ’s now known as the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus in the mid-1600s .
The Fundamental Theorem is a powerful link between integrals and the subject of last week ’s column , derivatives .
It greatly expands the universe of integrals that can be solved , and it reduces their calculation to grunt work .
Nowadays computers can be programmed to use it — and so can students .
With its help , even the stovepipe problem that was once a world - class challenge now becomes an exercise within common reach .
( For the details of Archimedes ’s approach as well as the modern one , consult the references in the notes . )
It ’s not practical to state the Fundamental Theorem here ( though see the notes for an intuitive analogy ) .
Instead I ’ll try to convey why it represented such an enormous advance .
It allowed mathematicians to forecast a changing world with much greater precision than had ever been possible .
The simplest kind of change can be handled with algebra .
When something changes steadily , at a constant rate , algebra works beautifully .
This is the domain of “ distance equals rate times time . ”
For example , a car moving at an unchanging speed of 60 miles per hour will surely travel 60 miles in the first hour , and 120 miles by the end of the second hour .
But what about change that proceeds at a varying rate ?
Such changing change is all around us — in the accelerating descent of a penny dropped from a tall building , in the ebb and flow of the tides , in the elliptical orbits of the planets , in the circadian rhythms within us .
And only calculus can cope with the cumulative effects of changes as non-uniform as these .
For nearly two millennia after Archimedes , just one method existed for predicting the net effect of changing change : add up the varying slices , bit by bit .
Most of the time it could n’t be done .
The infinite sums were too hard .
The Fundamental Theorem enabled a lot of these problems to be solved — not all of them , but many more than before .
It often gave a shortcut for solving integrals , at least for the elementary functions ( sums and products of powers , exponentials , logarithms and trig functions ) that describe so many of the phenomena in the natural world .
From this perspective , the lasting legacy of integral calculus is a Veg - O - Matic view of the universe .
Newton and his successors taught us that nature unfolds in slices .
Virtually all the classical laws of physics discovered in the past 300 years turned out to have this character , whether they describe the motions of particles or the flow of heat , electricity , air or water .
Together with the governing laws , the conditions in each slice of time or space determine what will happen in adjacent slices .
The implications were profound .
For the first time in history , rational prediction became possible … not just one slice at a time , but with the help of the Fundamental Theorem , by leaps and bounds .
So we ’re long overdue to update our slogan for integrals — from “ It slices , it dices ” to “ Recalculating .
A better route is available . ”
NOTES
For more about the ways that integral calculus has been used to help cancer researchers , see :
D. Mackenzie , “ Mathematical modeling of cancer , ” SIAM News , Vol. 37 , January / February 2004 .
H.P. Greenspan , “ Models for the growth of a solid tumor by diffusion , ” Studies in Applied Mathematics , December 1972 , p. 317 .
The region common to two identical circular cylinders whose axes intersect at right angles is known variously as a Steinmetz solid or a bicylinder .
Its volume can be calculated straightforwardly but opaquely by modern techniques .
An ancient and much simpler solution was known to both Archimedes and Tsu Ch’ung - Chih .
It uses nothing more than the method of slicing and a comparison between the areas of a square and a circle .
For a marvelously clear exposition , see Martin Gardner ’s column :
M. Gardner , “ Mathematical games : Some puzzles based on checkerboards , ” Scientific American , Vol. 207 ( Nov. 1962 ) , p. 164 .
And for Archimedes and Tsu Ch’ung - Chih , see :
Archimedes , “ The Method , ” English translation by T. L. Heath ( 1912 ) , reprinted by ( Dover 1953 ) .
T. Kiang , “ An old Chinese way of finding the volume of a sphere , ” Mathematical Gazette , Vol. 56 ( May 1972 ) , pp. 88-91 .
Moreton Moore points out that the bicylinder also has applications in architecture : “ The Romans and Normans , in using the barrel vault to span their buildings , were familiar with the geometry of intersecting cylinders where two such vaults crossed one another to form a cross vault . ”
For this , as well as applications to crystallography , see :
M. Moore , “ Symmetrical intersections of right circular cylinders , ” Mathematical Gazette , Vol. 58 ( Oct. 1974 ) , pp. 181-185 .
For Archimedes ’s application of his mechanical method to the problem of finding the volume of the bicylinder , see Proposition 15 , p. 48 of T.L. Heath , “ The Method of Archimedes , Recently Discovered by Heiberg ” ( Cosimo Classics , 2007 ) .
It ’s interesting that Archimedes viewed his mechanical method as a means for discovering theorems rather than proving them .
As he put it , “ … certain things first became clear to me by a mechanical method , although they had to be demonstrated by geometry afterwards because their investigation by the said method did not furnish an actual demonstration .
But it is of course easier , when we have previously acquired , by the method , some knowledge of the questions , to supply the proof than it is to find it without any previous knowledge . ”
That last line offers a timeless lesson about problem solving — when you ’re trying to prove something , it helps to know it ’s true .
For a popular account of Archimedes ’s work , see :
R. Netz and W. Noel , “ The Archimedes Codex : How a Medieval Prayer Book Is Revealing the True Genius of Antiquity ’s Greatest Scientist ” ( Da Capo Press , 2009 ) .
Interactive demonstrations of the bicylinder and other problems in integral calculus are available online .
You ’ll need to download the free Mathematica Player , which will then allow you to explore hundreds of other interactive demonstrations in all parts of mathematics .
Mamikon Mnatsakanian at Caltech has produced a series of animations that illustrate the Archimedean spirit and the power of slicing .
My favorite is this visualization of a beautiful relationship among the volumes of a sphere and a certain double - cone and cylinder whose height and radius match those of the sphere .
He also shows the same thing more physically by draining an imaginary volume of liquid from the cylinder and pouring it into the other two shapes .
Similarly elegant mechanical arguments in the service of math are given in :
M. Levi , “ The Mathematical Mechanic : Using Physical Reasoning to Solve Problems ” ( Princeton University Press , 2009 ) .
Michael Starbird has created and filmed a fine series of lectures on the basics of calculus .
Here ’s an analogy that I hope will shed some light on what the Fundamental Theorem is , and why it ’s so helpful .
( My colleague Charlie Peskin at NYU suggested it . )
Imagine a staircase .
The total change in height from the top to the bottom is the sum of the rises of all the steps in between .
That ’s true even if some of them rise more than others , and no matter how many steps there are .
The Fundamental Theorem of Calculus says something similar for functions — if you integrate the derivative of a function from one point to another , you get the net change in the function between the two points .
In this analogy , the function is like the elevation of each step compared to ground level .
The rises of individual steps are like the derivative .
Integrating the derivative is like summing the rises .
And the two points are the top and the bottom .
Why is this so helpful ?
Suppose you ’re given an enormous list of numbers to sum , as occurs whenever you ’re calculating an integral by slices .
If you can somehow manage to find the corresponding staircase — in other words , if you can find an elevation function for which those numbers are the rises — then computing the integral would be a snap .
It ’s just the top minus the bottom .
That ’s the great speed - up made possible by the Fundamental Theorem .
And it ’s why we torture all beginning calculus students with months of learning how to find elevation functions , technically called “ antiderivatives . ”
Thanks to Charlie Peskin , for the staircase analogy ; Margaret Nelson , for preparing the line drawing ; and Paul Ginsparg , Tim Novikoff , Andy Ruina and Carole Schiffman , for their comments and suggestions .
Need to print this post ?
Here is a print - friendly PDF version of this piece , with images .
In an interview , Josephs said she stood by her comments about Kravitz .
She said her opponent told her he was gay , then showed up at a campaign event with a woman who introduced herself as his girlfriend .
On the trail , Kravitz has described himself as a " proud member of the LGBT community , " and he discussed his bisexual orientation while pitching Liberty City for its endorsement .
Your average site visitor takes 2.5 seconds to determine if they trust your site and you have what they need .
A harsh reality , but reality nonetheless .
Browsers tend to make this decision based on a quick glance at your web design .
They make assumptions about the quality of your work based on the work you did for yourself .
At Optimum7 we have an in - house team of experienced programmers , developers and marketers in our Miami and Coral Gables offices who create attention - grabbing website design for companies in a wide range of industries .
We offer :
Fury as German ex-football boss says : ' There 's no place in football for gays '
Rudi Assauer : Gay rights groups said his comments were ' beneath contempt '
A former football manager has provoked outrage by saying there is ‘ no place ' for gay players in football .
Rudi Assauer , who was boss of Schalke in Germany , said : ‘ Perhaps they are OK in other sports but not in football .
‘ If a player came to me and said he was gay I would say to him : “ You have shown courage . ”
But then I would tell him to find something else to do .
‘ That 's because those who out themselves always end up busted by it , ridiculed by their fellow players and by people in the stands .
We should spare them these witch - hunts . ’
His outburst is set to enrage world footballing authorities who are making concerted efforts to rid the game of homophobia .
Asked whether he had ever met a gay footballer during his many years as both player and manager , 65 - year - old Assauer replied : ‘ No , never .
‘ When I was in Bremen , I heard that our masseur was gay .
So I went up to him and said : ' Look , son , do me a favour - look for another job . ’
Assauer 's comments come in a week when homosexuality has been in Germany 's spotlight for other reasons .
Guido Westerwelle , the country 's openly gay foreign minister , was criticised for taking his lover on an official government trip to South America .
Storm : German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle , left , sparked a row by taking his gay partner Michael Mronz , right , on a government trip to South America
Critics claimed the decision to take partner Michael Mronz with him had further dented the coalition government headed by Angela Merkel 's CDU conservative party .
Mronz , an event manager who organizes sports events , said he went along to try to do some business but that he paid his own way .
Justin Fashanu :
The only UK footballer to openly admit being gay .
Eight years later , in 1998 , he committed suicide
Mr Westerwelle said : ‘ I am pleased that Herr Mronz is taking the time to accompany me at his own expense to inform himself about social projects in the region and get involved in them .
‘ We want to continue that , and we will . ’
A spokeswoman for the Gay and Lesbian Federation in Germany , Renate Rampf , warned that she saw in both stories a ‘ resurgent homophobia ’ in Germany .
She said there would have been no fuss if Westerwelle were married and had taken his wife on the trip to South America .
As for Assauer , she said his comments ' are beneath contempt ’ .
Football has long been dogged by a homophobic image .
Of about 4,000 professional footballers in England and Wales none will openly acknowledge they are gay .
Paul Elliott , the former Chelsea and Celtic star who works with football diversity campaign group Kick It Out , has said at least 12 Premier League players are gay .
The only openly gay footballer to date in Britain was Justin Fashanu , who suffered hostility from fans when he came out in 1990 .
Eight years later he committed suicide .
After Welsh rugby star Gareth Thomas came out last year , the publicist Max Clifford revealed that he advised two high - profile gay Premiership stars to keep their sexuality secret because football ‘ remains in the dark ages , steeped in homophobia ’ .
Hunting is usually taboo in the simplicity movement because it involves guns .
However , if you 're hunting boar in the upscale hills ringing the San Francisco Bay so as to furnish yourself a " locally grown " boar paté , " then you 're doing a fine job of returning to the simple life .
It was the $ 380 " bona fide horse - riding boots " that got me clued into the simple life .
There they were , sleek , polished to the sheen of black pearls , and taking up an entire page of Real Simple magazine .
" You 'll never want to take them off , " the accompanying copy promised .
It was the first time I 'd ever picked up Real Simple , the women 's magazine that distinguishes itself from other women 's magazines by its lack of tips for getting rid of belly fat , its Zen - lite self - help pages ( " learn to live with uncertainty " ) , and its tastefully minimalist layouts characterized by snowdrift - sized expanses of white space .
Here 's a food article picturing six balloon - sized Brussels sprouts scattered over the page and not much else .
There 's a photo essay featuring elegant mothers and their poetically posed toddlers that actually seems to be about hand - tatted lace , which appears in the foreground or background of nearly every picture .
And here 's one about jewelry crafted out of the original brass door numbers at New York 's Plaza Hotel - the pin goes for $ 260 .
I closed my issue of Real Simple , stuffed with equally tasteful and equally minimalist ads for wines , Toyota Priuses ( the automobile of choice for simple people ) , and many , many wrinkle creams , and thought : gee , all this simple living can set you back .
Welcome to the simplicity movement , the ethos whose mantras are " cutting back , " " focusing on the essentials , " " reconnecting to the land " - and talking , talking , talking about how fulfilled it all makes you feel .
Genuine simple - living people - such as , say , the Amish - are not part of the simplicity movement , because living like the Amish ( no iPod apps or granite countertops , plus you have to read the Bible ) would be taking the simple thing a bit far .
Modern simplicity practitioners like Jesus ( although not quite so much as they like Buddhist monks , who dress more colorfully ) because he wore sandals and could be said to have practiced alternative medicine , but they mostly shun religious movements founded in his name .
Thus , simplicity people are always eager to tell you how great the Amish are , growing their own food ( a highly valued trait among simplicity people ) , espousing pacifism ( simplicity people shy away from even just wars ) , and building those stylishly spare barns ( aesthetics rank high in the simplicity movement ) , but really , who wants to have eight kids and wear those funny - looking hats ?
For similar reasons , genuinely poor people do n't qualify for the simplicity movement , mostly because of their awful taste in everything from beer to bling to American Idol .
Tattoos , flatbill caps , Ed Hardy T - shirts , and chin piercings are not the stuff of the fashion pages in Real Simple .
Hunting is usually taboo in the simplicity movement because it involves guns ( hated by the professionally simple ) and exploitation of animals ( ditto ) .
However , if you 're hunting boar in the upscale hills ringing the San Francisco Bay so as to furnish yourself a " locally grown " boar paté , as does Berkeley professor and simplicity movement guru Michael ( The Omnivore 's Dilemma ) Pollan , or perhaps to experience an " epiphany , " as another well - fixed Bay Area boar hunter recently told the New York Times , you 're doing a fine job of returning to the simple life .
Indeed , the Times article was replete with quotations from portfolio managers , systems analysts , and graphic designers who have taken up shooting boar , deer , and bison in their spare time because it affords them a " primal connection " with the food on their plates and is also " carbon - neutral " ( zero " food miles " if the deer you slay happened to have been munching the tulips in your backyard ) .
But if you 're a laid - off lumber mill worker bagging possums in Eutaw Springs , S.C. , because your main primal connection with food is that you do n't have much money to spend on it , you 're an unsophisticated redneck .
Simplicity movement people always seem to shell out more money than the not - so - simple , usually because the simple things they love always seem to cost more than the mass - produced versions .
On a website called Passionate Homemaking that 's dedicated to making , among other things , your own cheese , your own beeswax candles , and your own underarm deodorant , you are also advised to cook with nothing but raw cultured butter from a mail - order outfit called Organic Pastures .
The butter probably tastes great .
It also costs $ 10.75 a pound - plus UPS shipping .
At farmer 's markets , where those striving for simplicity like to browse with their cloth shopping bags , the organic , the locally grown , and the humanely raised come at a price : tomatoes at $ 4 a pound , bread at $ 8 a loaf , and $ 6 for a cup of " artisanal " gelato .
Wealthy and well - born people admiring - and sparing themselves no expense in convincing themselves that they 're cultivating - the virtues of humble folk is nothing new .
Two millennia ago , Virgil , in his Georgics , heaped praise upon the tree pruners and beekeepers whom he likely could see toiling in the distance while he sipped wine on the veranda of his wealthy patron , Maecenas .
Marie Antoinette liked to dress up as a shepherdess and hold court in her " rustic " cottage at the Petit Trianon .
Other harbingers of today 's simplicity movement were the arts - and - crafts devotees of the early 1900s who filled their homes with handcrafted medieval - looking benches and the 1960s hippies whose minibuses and geodesic domes that enabled their gypsy lifestyles usually came courtesy of checks from their parents .
But it has been only in the last decade or so that the simplicity movement has come into its own , aligning itself not only with aesthetic style but also with power .
Thanks to the government - backed war against obesity ( fat people , conveniently , tend to belong to the polyester - clad , Big Mac - guzzling lower orders ) and the " green " movement in its various save - the - planet manifestations , simplicity people can look down their noses at the not - so - simple with their low - rent tastes while also putting them on the moral defensive .
Thus you have Michael Pollan , whose zero-impact ethic of food simplicity wo n't let him eat anything not grown within one hundred miles of his Bay Area home , and preferably grown ( or killed , milked , churned , or picked ) himself .
He bristles with outrage not only at McDonald 's burgers , Doritos , and grapes imported from Chile ( foreign fruit destroys people 's " sense of place , " he writes in The Omnivore 's Dilemma ) but even at Walmart 's announcement in 2006 that it would start stocking organic products at affordable prices .
Walmart , like factory farms , SUVs , wide - screen TVs , and outlet malls , is usually anathema to the simplicity set , but here you would think the giga - chain would be doing poor people a favor by widening their access to healthy , less - fattening produce .
Not as far as Pollan is concerned .
Instead , as Reason magazine 's Katherine Mangu - Ward reported , Pollan worried on his blog that " Walmart 's version of cheap , industrialized organic food " might drive the boutique farms that served him and his locavore neighbors out of business .
The problem with the simplicity movement is n't simply that you 've got to be rich to live simply .
In their 2007 book Plenty , Alisa Smith and James MacKinnon , who had vowed to spend a year sticking to the 100 - mile locavore eating radius ( and , as freelance writers , had plenty of time to put together meals that lived up to this promise ) , discovered that they were spending $ 11 per jar on honey to substitute for $ 2.59 sugar and that one of their locally foraged dinners cost them $ 130 and more than a day to prepare .
Nor is it the problem that " simplicity " can amount to just plain silliness , as when simplicity blogger Leo Babauta announced that he had cut down on grooming products by shaving his head , and suggested that one way to cultivate simplicity was to give loved ones massages instead of birthday presents ( ask first , Mr. Babauta ! ) .
Or when Steven Rinella , author of The Scavenger 's Guide to Haute Cuisine , invited his friends over for a meal of bear , squirrel , elk , and sparrows trapped in his girlfriend 's Brooklyn backyard .
Rinella 's aim , both in writing the book and throwing the party , was , as the New York Times reported , " to demonstrate that most of us have depersonalized our relationship to food , and that current regulations requiring that any game commercially sold in America must be raised on farms or ranches is actually harmful to both the farmed animals and wild ones . "
The problem with the simplicity movement is that its proponents mistake simplicity , which is an aesthetic lifestyle choice , for humility , which is a genuine virtue .
Humility is an honest acknowledgment of one 's limitations and lowliness in the great scheme of things and a realization that power over other human beings is a dangerous thing , always to be exercised with utmost caution .
The Amish , as well as monks , Eastern and Western , cultivate humility because they know they have a duty toward what is larger than themselves .
Leo Babauta of the foregone grooming products cultivates simplicity because it makes him feel " happier , " as he writes on his website .
For humble people , their own happiness or other personal feelings are secondary .
Furthermore , no virtue is a real virtue unless it is available to everyone .
Simplicity does n't fall into that category .
If everyone decided to hunt boar in the Berkeley hills like Michael Pollan , it would n't take long for boars to become extinct .
Furthermore , simplicity , because it is a lifestyle choice , necessarily means that its practitioners have to have the financial wherewithal - and usually plenty of it - to make the choices .
If you can't afford fine grooming products , you 're not practicing simplicity by going without ; you 're just plain poor .
Not so for humility , for even the poorest of the poor can be humble - or its opposite , irritatingly full of themselves .
Finally , simplicity is fundamentally indifferent to others .
It 's all about the experiences - " primal connections " or what have you - of its practitioners .
Simplicity movement people do n't care , for example , how other people would get around if you took away their cars in the name of " going green , " or how they would feel about being forced to compost their garbage , as they 're already forced in San Francisco , or how they would eat if factory farms were put out of business as so many simplicity - loving folks would like .
Not so with humility , which is always outwardly directed .
That 's not to say that tasteful , elegant things are n't genuinely tasteful and elegant , or that raw cultured organic butter is n't superior to Lucerne .
But choosing them should n't be confused with moral superiority or living the moral life .
Now about those $ 380 riding boots I saw in Real Simple ....
As Palm continues to struggle financially , a buyer has yet to emerge out of the thinning list of buyers , but on Friday , rumors began to circulate that Hong Kong based PC maker Lenovo may be considering making an offer .
The Reuters report on Friday of the potential offer gave Palm ’s stock a nice 5 % boost ( although shares had risen as much as 7 % before retreating ) .
It had been rumored that Taiwan ’s HTC was a favorite to take over the struggling company because of the patents that Palm holds that could possibly help HTC in its legal dispute with Apple .
As of Friday , however , Reuters reported that HTC was no longer interested .
LOS ANGELES ( EMBARGOED UNTIL APRIL 8 , AT 4 PM EASTERN ) - Researchers at the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute have found in animals that infusing cardiac - derived stem cells with micro-size particles of iron and then using a magnet to guide those stem cells to the area of the heart damaged in a heart attack boosts the heart 's retention of those cells and could increase the therapeutic benefit of stem cell therapy for heart disease .
The study is published today online by Circulation Research , a scientific journal of the American Heart Association .
The study also will appear in the journal 's May 28th printed edition .
" Stem cell therapies show great promise as a treatment for heart injuries , but 24 hours after infusion , we found that less than 10 percent of the stem cells remain in the injured area , " said Eduardo Marbán , M.D. , director of the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute .
" Once injected into a patient 's artery , many stem cells are lost due to the combination of tissue blood flow , which can wash out stem cells , and cardiac contraction , which can squeeze out stem cells .
We needed to find a way to guide more of the cells directly to the area of the heart that we want to heal . "
Marbán 's team , including Ke Cheng , Ph.D. and other researchers , then began a new animal investigation , loading cardiac stem cells with micro-size iron particles .
The iron - loaded cells were then injected into rats with a heart attack .
When a toy magnet was placed externally above the heart and close to the damaged heart muscle , the stem cells clustered at the site of injury , retention of cells in the heart tripled , and the injected cells went on to heal the heart more effectively .
" Tissue viability is enhanced and heart function is greater with magnetic targeting , " said Marbán , who holds the Mark Siegel Family Foundation Chair at the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute and directs Cedars - Sinai 's Board of Governors Heart Stem Cell Center .
" This remarkably simple method could easily be coupled with current stem cell treatments to enhance their effectiveness . "
To read the complete study , visit www.circres.ahajournals.org.
In the future , this finding in the animal model may build on the ongoing , groundbreaking clinical trial led by Raj Makkar , M.D. , director of interventional cardiology for the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute .
In the clinical trial , which is based on Marbán 's research , heart attack patients undergo two minimally - invasive procedures in an effort to repair and re-grow healthy muscle in a heart injured by a heart attack .
First , a biopsy of each patient 's own heart tissue is used to grow specialized heart stem cells .
About a month later , the multiplied stem cells are then injected back into the patient 's heart via a coronary artery .
The two - step procedure was completed on the first patient in June 2009 .
Complete results are expected in early - 2011 .
Recently , Marbán received a $ 5.5 million grant from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine to continue developing cardiac stem cell therapies .
The Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute is internationally recognized for outstanding heart care built on decades of innovation and leading - edge research .
From cardiac imaging and advanced diagnostics to surgical repair of complex heart problems to the training of the heart specialists of tomorrow and research that is deepening medical knowledge and practice , the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute is known around the world for excellence and innovations .
Marbán invented the methods used to grow and expand stem cells from heart biopsies .
Marbán filed patents regarding those innovations which are licensed by Capricor , Inc. Marbán and his wife , Linda Marban , Ph.D. are both founders of Capricor , Inc. Dr. Eduardo Marban serves on its Board of Directors , and owns equity in the company .
Dr. Linda Marban serves as a consultant to Capricor .
###
( This post appeared on Energy & Capital )
When oil crossed $ 120 a barrel for the first time in May 2008 , oil cornucopians knew they were in trouble .
Prices had quadrupled in just five years , yet had failed to bring new production online .
Regular crude had flatlined around 74 million barrels per day ( mbpd ) .
The case for peak oil was looking stronger with every new uptick in crude futures .
The following month , prominent peak oil critic and cornucopian Daniel Yergin of IHS - CERA changed his stance :
The peak oil threat would be neutralized by peak demand .
Gasoline consumption had peaked in the U.S. and Europe , he argued , due to the combined effects of increasing efficiency , biofuels , and the recession .
In 2009 the peak demand story seemed confirmed , as prices stabilized around $ 70 in June , and U.S. consumption remained well off its previous high .
Most people thought the nearly 2 mbpd decline in U.S. petroleum demand from 2007 through 2009 owed to efficiency and people driving less .
In reality , only about 15 % owed to reduced gasoline demand .
The other 85 % was lost in the commercial and industrial sector : jet fuel , distillates ( including diesel ) , kerosene , petrochemical feedstocks , lubricants , waxes , petroleum coke , asphalt and road oil , and other miscellaneous products .
Very simply , when oil got to $ 120 a barrel it cut into real productivity , and forced the world ’s most developed economies to shrink .
At $ 147 , it wreaked serious damage .
As I explained in “ Investment Themes for the Next Decade , ” the new normal will be cycles of bumping our heads against the supply ceiling , falling dazed to the floor , rising back to our knees , then finally standing , only to bump our heads against the ceiling once more .
Scooters Will Kill SUVs
Two interesting news stories crossed the wire this week , which portend badly for the world ’s # 1 net importer , the U.S .
The first was a Reuters report that the last quarter of 2009 had “ wiped out ” the equity of Mexican state oil monopoly Pemex , leaving it $ 1.4 billion in the negative .
Falling crude output , falling refining margins and a burgeoning dependency of the state on its revenues had squeezed it to death .
Not only did the report offer further confirmation that the oil export crisis has arrived , but it also confirmed my growing suspicion that the oil production everyone has assumed will come online in five to ten years might , in fact , fail to materialize .
Negative equity companies have a hard time raising capital for new exploration .
The second was a Bloomberg report that Saudi Arabia had agreed to double its oil exports to India , to some 866,000 barrels per day .
India indicated separately that its onshore production of oil may peak this year .
This adds to the pressure on Saudi Arabia ’s exports , whose oil shipments to China have been growing at a rate of 11 - 12 % per year and now stand at roughly 1 million barrels per day ( mbpd ) .
China has eclipsed the U.S. as the primary bidder for Saudi oil , while U.S. imports from the Persian nation have fallen to a 22 - year low .
The last two years have seen the marginal buyers of oil shift decisively to the non-OECD countries .
A gallon of fuel delivers so much value in China and India–think peasants on scooters –that even at $ 120 a barrel , remarkable economic growth rates are possible .
In major oil exporting countries like Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , where subsidized gasoline still sells for under 25 cents a gallon , the appetite for fuel grows steadily every year with little thought given to efficiency .
It ’s a different story in the U.S.
For debt - laden consumers , an extra $ 50 or $ 75 to fill up the tank on an SUV every month sharply reduced discretionary income and starved the economy of its most fundamental driver , consumer demand .
The Real Meaning of Peak Demand
The most promising effort I ’ve seen to quantify the role of efficiency in peak demand was a report in October of last year by Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank entitled , “ The Peak Oil Market . ”
My initial excitement quickly gave way to disappointment as dug into it , however , as I realized that its confident assertions were unsupported by the data .
I applauded the effort enthusiastically –and I hope to see more serious work along the same lines –but it fell far short of proving that energy transition can be accomplished under the status quo of economic growth , let alone its optimistic twist on “ The end is nigh for the age of oil . ”
The fact is that peak demand in the OECD is not merely a function of efficiency gains and biofuels substitution , aided by a temporary recession .
Instead , peak demand will be the result of a permanent state of increasing depression in which non-OECD countries not only more than make up for the loss of OECD demand , but outbid them for the marginal barrel .
As we enter the post - peak phase of global oil supply sometime around 2012 - 2014 , the price that heavily import - dependent countries like the U.S. would have to pay for that marginal barrel will become increasingly intolerable .
In a weakened economy , $ 100 a barrel ( or less ) could be the new $ 120 .
The true import of peak oil , therefore , may not be sustained high prices , but economic shrinkage .
Demand will be destroyed long before oil gets to $ 200 a barrel , but it will not be destroyed by improved efficiency .
From where we stand today , it ’s hard to make an argument for economic recovery .
Persistently high unemployment rates , broken state and federal balance sheets , and an inflationary depression will continue to cut into petroleum demand .
We spent the last several decades offshoring the fundamental value - adding sectors like energy production and manufacturing , and now our FIRE economy ( finance , insurance , and real estate ) rests entirely on real value created elsewhere .
The reason is simple : Energy is the only real currency .
Every dollar of fiat currency or GDP was ultimately derived from cheap energy .
Trying to print your way out of energy decline is like prescribing ever - higher doses of aspirin for a headache caused by a brain tumor .
Yet those at the levers of monetary policy are , by all appearances , completely ignorant ( or in willful denial ) of this fundamental fact .
The vogue prescription for the sovereign debtors at greatest risk of default ( see a Top 10 list here ) is “ austerity measures . ”
The theory is that a period of belt - tightening will stanch the fiscal bleeding until economic recovery puts everyone into the black again .
Yet , if primary energy supply is declining , and the rising star of developing economies is inexorably cutting into the supply available to developed and indebted economies , then there can be no recovery .
I have joked on Twitter that I ’m expecting an “ M - shaped recovery , ” where we ’re now on the second hump .
A more accurate image is slow strangulation .
Two Questions for Recoveryistas
Those who would argue for economic recovery must answer two intractable questions .
The first is :
Where will the energy come from , as more of the world ’s net exporters become net importers ?
Britain , Argentina , Indonesia , and others have become net importers in recent years .
Mexico and Columbia are expected to follow suit within a decade .
Clearly , we ca n’t all be net energy importers .
There is also the obstinate fact that aggregate net energy –the energy you get in return for investing energy in its production –has been dropping steadily .
Oil net energy dropped from 100 in the early 1930s to 11 or less today .
Net energy for natural gas is now in decline .
We do n’t have adequate data to know yet , but coal ’s net energy is probably in decline too .
Meanwhile , the net energy of all substitutes is low : wind , 18 ; solar , 6.8 ; nuclear , 5 - 15 ; all biofuels , under 2 .
It is not surprising that a study of the Herold database ( Gagnon , Hall , and Brinker , 2009 ) showed the amount of oil and gas produced per dollar spent declined between 1999 and 2006 .
The second question is :
If the creeping infection of sovereign default continues to spread to more countries , where will the money come from to bail them out ?
The answer has been , and continues to be , more aspirin .
Without more cheap energy , monetary tactics to play the game into overtime will not only be futile , they will only draw us closer to the edge of the net energy cliff .
All of which begs a final question :
If the answers are transition to renewables , and rebuilding our infrastructure for high efficiency , then where will the money and energy to do it all come from ?
And how long will it hold out ?
Without cheap energy to fuel the growth that is hoped to pay off the accumulated debt , austerity will become an everyday reality , not a short - term fix .
A reality that slowly sinks in for the rest of our lives , as net importers become progressively poorer .
The peak demand argument is a good one– but not for the nice reasons .
Yves Leterme has handed his resignation to the king before Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme has decided to resign after a key partner withdrew from his governing coalition .
Mr Leterme visited King Albert to tender his government 's resignation following an emergency cabinet meeting on Thursday .
The king did not immediately accept Mr Leterme 's resignation .
The collapse of the government threw into doubt the scheduled parliamentary debate on a law that would ban full - face Muslim veils being worn in public .
It would have been the first such law introduced by a European country .
Third resignation
The coalition fell apart after the Flemish liberal party , Open VLD , withdrew over a long - running dispute on the special voting rights of French speakers living in Dutch - speaking areas near the capital Brussels .
" There was no other choice but for the government to resign , " Finance Minister Didier Reynders told reporters .
It is the third time Mr Leterme , 49 , has offered his resignation to the king .
The first time , in July 2008 , he offered to quit because of failures to patch up the rift between the Dutch - speaking Flemish and French - speaking Walloons .
The king refused to accept his resignation - but accepted it in December the same year , amid allegations that the government had interfered with the courts .
Mr Leterme , however , returned as prime minister after his replacement , Herman von Rompuy , was elected president of the European Council .
The king was considering his response to the latest move on Thursday .
He could ask the prime minister to try to form another administration .
If that fails , elections could follow .
Divided community
" The king and the prime minister jointly underlined that , in the current circumstances , a political crisis would be inopportune and would seriously damage both the economic and social well - being of the citizens and the role of Belgium in Europe , " the palace said in a written statement .
Belgium is due to take over the six - month presidency of the European Union in the next few months .
The latest row between the Dutch and French speaking communities centres on a long - running dispute on the special voting rights of French speakers living in Dutch - speaking areas near the capital Brussels .
Talks on the issue have failed to reach agreement .
" A negotiated solution has not been found and that 's why the Open VLD is withdrawing its confidence in the government , " said party president Alexander De Croo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just days after announcing that he and girlfriend
Jenny McCarthy
were ending their five - year relationship , Jim Carrey took to Twitter to defend Tiger Woods and take some shots at Tiger 's wife , model
Elin Nordegren
.
Carey wrote on Twitter : " No wife is blind enough to miss that much infidelity .
Elin had 2 b a willing participant on the ride 4 whatever reason .
kids / lifestyle ;^ ) "
Newly Single Jim Carrey Criticizes Elin Woods ( US Magazine )
Elin had to be in on Tiger 's scandal , Carrey says ( MSNBC )
Carrey , McCarthy split baffles Hollywood ( Chicago Sun- Times )
Jenny McCarthy to close school for autistic children ( SeattlePI.com )
Image caption
The culture minister is a long - time supporter of Ulster - Scots culture
The culture minister has asked museums to give more prominence to Ulster - Scots , the Orange Order and alternative views on the origin of the universe .
Nelson McCausland wrote to the trustees of National Museums Northern Ireland ( NMNI ) saying he wants the issues given consideration in the short term .
The Department of Culture , Arts and Leisure ( DCAL ) said it was part of its commitment to a shared future strategy .
It is understood National Museums NI has not yet responded to the letter .
Speaking on Wednesday , Mr McCausland said : " There are a range of perspectives and I want simply to have in there consideration given to reflecting the diversity of views in Northern Ireland .
" It 's also in fact a human rights issue and an equality issue because culture rights , the rights of people in Northern Ireland , should be implemented . "
In the letter , Mr McCausland said he believes his department and the trustees " share a common desire to ensure that museums are reflective of the views , beliefs and cultural traditions that make up society in Northern Ireland . "
He says National Museums ' contribution to the shared future agenda can best be achieved by " practical measures " .
Among these measures are consideration of how best to recognise the role of the Grand Lodge of Ireland and other fraternal organisations .
Exhibition
He specifically mentions the " Plantation to Power Sharing " exhibition which is currently on at the Ulster Museum and suggests that the trustees should consider changes to the exhibition before the summer months .
In terms of Ulster - Scots , Mr McCausland wrote that the local history exhibition should recognise the contribution of the Hamilton Montgomery Settlement , considered to be the most important event in Ulster - Scots history .
The issue of the origin of the universe and the different theories explaining it was previously raised by Mr McCausland 's DUP assembly colleague Mervyn Storey .
He said that he wanted the views of creationists - the concept of God creating the universe in contrast to the scientific theory of evolution - to be represented in the exhibitions .
Without specifically mentioning creationism , Mr McCausland 's letter includes a request for the trustees to consider how alternative views of the origin of the universe can be recognised and accomodated .
In a statement , DCAL said it welcomed the discussions on the NMNI 's potential contribution to the shared future agenda and was awaiting a response .
Meanwhile , SDLP culture spokesman Thomas Burns said it was " a mark of a liberal society that its cultural institutions should be free of party - political interference " .
" Any attempt to politicise public spaces or dictate to cultural institutions is a serious threat to our hopes of a shared society and should be resolutely resisted , " he said .
Sinn Fein's Barry McElduff criticised Mr McCausland 's letter as " wholly unacceptable " .
Hyundai has been surprisingly aggressive in the hybrid vehicle space over the past 6 months with a number of new models either out or announced .
The promising concept vehicle above is called the Hyundai BLUE - WILL and it looks like Hyundai ’s shot across the bow of the current industry leader , the Toyota Prius .
The BLUE - WILL features an eye catching body , referred to by Hyundai as fluidic sculpture design , and has been thoroughly tested in wind tunnels with the overall aim being maximum aerodynamic efficiency .
The 5 - door hatch - back design is a very popular configuration in the hybrid vehicle space , largely due to the fact that the sloping rear of the car has a huge effect on drag reduction .
The power train of the BLUE - WILL is still an unknown quantity but we expect to see a similar set up to the Hyundai Sonata Hybrid .
Hyundai wo n’t be releasing the hybrid as a plug - in hybrid due to technical constraints but after the initial model is released in 2012 we expect to see a full plug - in version soon after .
Interestingly Hyundai will have one of the biggest line ups of hybrid cars by 2011 , a strategic move that could see them leapfrog some of the biggest names in the auto industry once we see the slow but inevitable hike in gasoline prices over the next few years .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
https://dandelionsalad.wordpress.com/
davidcnswanson
March 03 , 2010
The history of the American corporate catastrophe and how to fix it , all in 60 seconds .
Craigslist , one of the most popular Web sites in the United States , is on track to increase its revenue 22 percent this year , largely from its controversial sex advertisements .
That financial success is reviving scrutiny from law - enforcement officials who say the ads are still being used for illegal ends .
The ads , many of which blatantly advertise prostitution , are expected to bring $ 36 million this year , according to a new projection of Craigslist ’s income .
That is three times the revenue in last year ’s projection .
Law - enforcement officials have been fighting a mostly losing battle to get Craigslist to rein in the sex ads .
At the same time , officials of organizations that oppose human trafficking say the site remains the biggest online hub for selling women against their will .
Last week , in the latest example , the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested 14 members of the Gambino crime family on charges of , among other things , selling the sexual services of girls ages 15 to 19 on Craigslist .
( Source ) Cannabis is a safer drug than aspirin and can be used long - term without serious side effects , says a book by a leading Oxford scientist .
The Science of Marijuana , by Dr Leslie Iversen of Oxford University ’s department of pharmacology , found many “ myths ” surrounding marijuana use , such as extreme addictiveness , or links with mental illness or infertility are not supported by science .
He also found cannabis is an inherently “ safe drug ” which does not lead to cancer , infertility , brain damage or mental illness .
Legalisation of the drug for medical conditions should be considered , he says .
Dr Iversen ’s findings will increase pressure on the Government to reopen the debate about the decriminalisation of marijuana .
The author , a fellow of the prestigious Royal Society , found cannabis was far less toxic than other drugs and had “ an impressive record ” compared with heroin , cocaine or tobacco and alcohol .
His study showed that the active element of cannabis , tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , which made users high , had a lot of potential as a safe drug to treat Aids patients and people suffering severe pain .
He also found “ stoned ” drivers were less dangerous and able to co-ordinate than people who were drunk .
“ By any standards , THC must be considered a very safe drug both acutely and on long - term exposure , ” he writes .
“ The available animal data are more than adequate to justify its approval as a human medicine , and indeed it has been approved by the FDA [ American drug authority ] for certain limited therapeutic indications . ”
The book says “ alarming claims about the harmful effects of long - term exposure to cannabis ” should be “ put to rest ” , and there “ is no evidence the drug causes any impairment in fertility or sexual function in men or women ” .
He says people who stop using cannabis do not suffer long - term side - effects .
“ Cannabis does not cause structural damage to the brains of animals as some reports had claimed , nor is there evidence of long - term damage to the human brain or other than slight residual impairments in cognitive function after drug use is stopped . ”
The author says many adverse effects of cannabis are related to smoking the drug .
But cannabis itself did not appear to cause cancer .
Compared with alcohol and cigarettes , which led to more than 100,000 deaths a year , cannabis had a far better record .
“ Tetrahydrocannabinol is a very safe drug , ” he said .
“ Despite the widespread illicit use of cannabis here are very few if any instances of people dying from an overdose .
Even such apparently innocuous medicines as aspirin and related steroidal anti-inflammatory compounds are not safe .
“ Thousands of people die every year because of the tendency of these drugs to cause catastrophic gastric bleeding . ”
Keith Hellawell , the drug czar , also agrees cannabis use does not lead to heroin addiction .
Need a reason to be excited on another dull Tuesday morning ?
This 1,300 - foot asteroid wo n't hit Earth for the next 100 years .
That means our planet has at least 5,200 more Tuesday mornings to pursue exciting new hobbies !
Advertisement
On April 19 , this near - Earth asteroid - 2005 YU55 - was spotted by the Arecibo Radar Telescope in Puerto Rico .
This 1,300 - foot ( 400 - meter ) rock is cruising through space approximately 1.5 million miles away .
According to Steve Chesley of Jet Propulsion Laboratory 's Near - Earth Object Program Office :
At one time we had classified 2005 YU55 as a potential threat [...]
Prior to the Arecibo radar passes on April 19 through 21 , we had eliminated almost all upcoming Earth flybys as possibilities of impact .
But there were a few that had a low remaining probability of impact .
After incorporating the data from Arecibo , we were able to rule impacts out entirely for the next 100 years .
Advertisement
For those of you who require constant reassurance that our planet wo n't be smashed to gravel by some errant space boulder , feel free to check the Near - Earth Object Program 's homepage .
They have a list of 1,000 + potential hazardous asteroids , so you 'll have plenty of reasons to shake your first angrily at the night sky .
Consider this your carpe diem factoid of the day .
Ask out that barista .
Put your POG collection on eBay .
Macramé some denim cut - offs .
Butcher the living crap out of the below song at karaoke .
After all , 2005 YU55 could flatten your patio a century from now .
You do n't want to miss a thing .
[ via NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ]
Sign up to our newsletter for daily updates and breaking news Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Ca n't think of a grand enough gesture to show your devotion to your favourite star ?
Tat ’s not a problem for Cathy Ward .
She is a huge fan of the Twilight movies – though you might have guessed that already .
Mrs Ward decided to have a tattoo of the main stars of the hit Hollywood film on her back .
And the 48 - year - old is not done yet .
She also wants the film ’s lead star – the gorgeous Robert Pattinson who plays vampire Edward Cullen in the films – tattoed across her stomach .
“ It did n’t hurt that much – the main problem was sitting down for so long , ” she said .
Supermarket worker Mrs Ward wanted to give something back to the cast , who she said helped her lose weight .
She went from a size 20 to 14 in a year and said her once - depleted self - esteem has now soared .
Mrs Ward , who makes cakes in the bakery at Morrisons in Whitley , said : “ Like Bella [ Kristen Stewart in Twilight ] is at the beginning , I had no confidence .
She is very clumsy and does n’t think much of herself .
Neither did I .
“ But she progresses over the course of the first and second film and books and I have , too . ”
Although husband Colin is not a fan of her tattoo , Mrs Ward has no regrets about her body art .
She had the tattoo done in No Limits in Oxford Road , West Reading , at the end of March .
It was completed in one sitting , lasting four - and - a - half hours , and cost £ 500 .
She continued : “ I wo n’t mind when I am 80 .
I like getting tattoos .
This is me . ”
Mrs Ward became a fan of the Twilight series in December 2008 .
The first part tells the story of a small - town girl falling in love with a vampire .
In the second installment , Bella finds herself caught in a love triangle with Edward and her best friend Jacob – a werewolf , played by Taylor Lautner .
But Mrs Ward of Waldeck Street , Katesgrove , is a sworn Team Edward fan .
She said : “ The book and films are so well done .
“ Robert Pattinson is fantastic .
He makes such a convincing Edward and is perfectly cast .
He is great in other films too – so intense . ”
Mrs Ward ’s Morrisons ’ workmate Sharon Wicks , 38 , of Brayford Road , Whitley , said she loved the tattoo .
She said : “ She ’s a massive Twilight fan and is firmly Team Edward .
It looks great . ”
aroberts@reading-epost.co.uk
by ·
When a person mentions celery , you might often think of a long green stock with a leafy end on top that does n’t really have a taste .
Little do people know , celery provides a wide range of health benefits .
There are ways to get around the bland taste of celery , such as combining it with other vegetables or fruits in the form of a vegetable juice , or dipping it in light ranch dressing , or low fat peanut butter .
Different parts of celery have different nutritional properties .
The leaves of the celery have a high content of vitamin A , whereas the stem of celery provides a great source of vitamins B1 , B2 , B6 , and vitamin C .
The stem is also a good source of folic acid , potassium , magnesium , calcium , sodium , iron , phosphorus , and a wide range of essential amino acids .
Celery has a natural organic sodium that is safe to consume , and is actually necessary for the body .
People who are sensitive to salt wo n’t have a problem with the sodium in celery .
Many other vegetables lose their essential nutrients during the cooking process , however celery does not lose any nutritional value when cooked .
Drinking celery juice throughout the day helps to curb your cravings for rich and sweet foods .
By being able to eliminate such foods , this can help with the weight loss process .
Celery health benefits include providing relief from inflammation that is caused by the following conditions : rheumatoid arthritis , gout , bronchitis , asthma , and osteoarthritis .
It can also promote normal kidney function by providing an aid in the elimination of toxins in the body .
Along with eliminating toxins , it also stops kidney stones from developing .
Celery can also help to break up and eliminate gall bladder stones and urinary stones .
Celery has been proven to be effective with lowering total cholesterol as well as the bad ( LDL ) cholesterol .
Celery has a compound called phtalides then help to relax muscles around the arteries , causing the vessels to dilate , and allows for the blood to flow naturally .
By doing so this will help reduce blood pressure .
Phtalides is an anti cancer component which can help with the detoxification of carcinogens ,
In other words it may help prevent cancer .
Celery also has coumarins , which enhances the activity of specific white blood cells .
Other celery health benefits include aiding in promoting bowel movements .
The sodium and potassium in celery juice aids and regulating body fluid and stimulating the production of urine .
This helps to get rid of excess fluid in the body .
Celery can help boost your immune system because of its high content of vitamin C. Because of the high content of vitamin C , celery can provide relief from cold weather .
The vitamin C is located in the roots of the celery , and promotes good cardiovascular health .
There is a high content of calcium in celery that can help calm nerves .
If you suffer from anxiety , eating celery or drinking celery juice may help to relieve the symptoms that go along with it .
Celery can also be used as an antioxidant which can help you look and feel younger and slow down the aging process .
Celery health benefits are vast , and can aid in internal disorders as well as external problems .
By adding celery to your every day diet , you will help your overall health .
Comments
Aggressive surveillance of whistleblowers prior to release of damning footage
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Tuesday , April 6th , 2010
Related reading :
Neo-Cons Defend Massacre Of Iraqi Journalists , Children
The Video The Pentagon Never Wanted The Public To See
Targeting Journalists in Iraq is Pentagon Policy
The sickening video released today of U.S. troops slaughtering innocent civilians , including two Reuters reporters in Baghdad in July 2007 , clearly indicates why the Pentagon was intent on destroying Wikileaks , the whistleblower website that it now has little chance of putting out of business .
Last month , the notorious truth - seeking website leaked a secret report , authored by the Army Counterintelligence Center , that condemned Wikileaks as a danger to national security .
“ Wikileaks.org , a publicly accessible Internet Web site , represents a potential force protection , counterintelligence , operational security ( OPSEC ) , and information security ( INFOSEC ) threat to the US Army , ” the report states .
“ The leakage of sensitive and classified DoD information also calls attention to the insider threat , when a person or persons motivated by a particular cause or issue wittingly provides information to domestic or foreign personnel or organizations to be published by the news media or on the Internet . ” the report continues .
No matter that the “ particular cause or issue ” in this case was revealing the sadistic murder of innocent civilians by laughing military forces and the cover up that ensued when they realised what had really transpired .
The 2008 Army document suggests that the person ( or persons ) responsible for such leaks should be hunted down and prosecuted , mentioning Wikileaks by name and advocating its destruction in order to deter other whistleblowers .
“ Web sites such as Wikileaks.org have trust as their most important center of gravity by protecting the anonymity and identity of the insider , leaker , or whistleblower .
Successful identification , prosecution , termination of employment , and exposure of persons leaking the information by the governments and businesses affected by information posted to Wikileaks.org would damage and potentially destroy this center of gravity and deter others from taking similar actions . ”
Wikileaks also claimed last month that it was under aggressive surveillance from the Pentagon , indicating that it ’s imminent release of a ‘ Pentagon Murder Cover - up ’ at the National Press Club in Washington on April 5 , was the specific reason .
Reports at the time assumed that Wikileaks was referring to a different video to the one released yesterday , specifically , footage of a U.S. airstrike in Afghanistan dating from May 7 last year that killed 97 civilians .
That video still remains unreleased .
The way the Baghdad incident was originally reported in 2007 , proves that the U.S. military lied about the attack and that a cover up was enacted .
On July 13 2007 , the New York Times reported :
Clashes in a southeastern neighborhood here between the American military and Shiite militias on Thursday left at least 16 people dead , including two Reuters journalists who had driven to the area to cover the turbulence , according to an official at the Interior Ministry .
The Times quoted a military statement that read :
Baghdad Soldiers , with their Iraqi Security Force counterparts , killed nine insurgents and detained 13 more after coming under fire July 12 in the New Baghdad District of eastern Baghdad .
Soldiers of 1st Battalion , 8th Cavalry Regiment , and the 2nd Battalion , 16th Infantry Regiment , both operating in eastern Baghdad under the 2nd Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 2nd Infantry Division , along with their Iraqi counterparts from the 1st Battalion , 4th Brigade , 1st Division National Police , were conducting a coordinated raid as part of a planned operation when they were attacked by small arms fire and rocket - propelled grenades .
The leaked video clearly shows that the forces did not come under fire .
The statement continued :
“ There is no question that Coalition Forces were clearly engaged in combat operations against a hostile force , ” said Lt. Col Scott Bleichwehl , spokesperson and public affairs officer for MND-B .
In addition to the release of the video , Wikileaks has also provided more research obtained by reporters that traveled to Baghdad .
This provides more much needed context , without which the leaked video could have been somewhat passed over by the mainstream media .
Among the material is a photograph from Reuters reporter Namir Noor - Eldeen ’s camera , taken by soldiers after he had been killed by the U.S. military .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The Wikileaks investigators also spoke to eyewitnesses who were able to identify the two Reuters journalists , and track down the two children injured in the attack , as well as their mother , now a widow .
Watch the video from Wikileaks :
Clearly , Wikileaks , which has been facing extinction through lack of funding for some time , is set to be elevated to new heights following its brave exposure of this tragic event .
It was able to obtain information and footage that Reuters had been unable to get hold of for two years .
The Pentagon ’s agenda to “ destroy ” the organisation has failed and , along with the clear proof of duplicity surrounding this incident , it should serve as evidence of deception against the American people , not to mention as evidence of the unprovoked murder of innocent civilians .
The Iraqi Journalists ’ Union has demanded a government investigation into the horrific incident .
Julian Assange , editor and co-founder of WikiLeaks , appeared on Russia Today earlier to defend the release of the video and discuss the difficulty of bringing U.S. military personnel to account for crimes carried out by the armed forces .
Watch the interview :
This article was posted : Tuesday , April 6 , 2010 at 10:26 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
This series of articles is inspired by numerous questions asked on the site and on Stack Overflow .
What is better to store hierarchical data : nested sets model or adjacency list ( parent - child ) model ?
First , let 's explain what all this means .
Adjacency list
Hierarchical relations ( not to be confused with hierarchical data model ) are 0 - 1:0 - N transitive relations between entities of same domain .
For instance , ancestor - descendant relation is :
Transitive :
If A is an ancestor of B and B is an ancestor of C , then A is an ancestor of C
Antisymmetric :
If A is an ancestor of B , then B is never an ancestor of A
Irreflexive : A is never an ancestor to itself
0 -1:0- N A can have zero , one or many children .
A can have zero or one parents .
These relations can be represented by an ordered directed tree .
Tree is a simple directed graph ( that with at most one directed edge between two different vertices ) and relational model has means to represent simple graphs .
Two vertices are considered related ( and therefore their primary keys forming a row in the table ) if and only if they are connected with an edge .
This table along with the table defining the vertices identifies a graph completely by defining pairs of vertices connected by the edges .
Each record in the table defines a pair of adjacent vertices , that 's why this representation is called adjacency list .
Adjacency lists can represent any simple directed graphs , not ony hierarchy trees .
But due to the fact that this structure is most commonly used to define the parent - child relationships , the terms parent - child model and adjacency list model have almost become synonymous .
However , they are not : adjacency list model is much wider and parent - child model is one of its implementations .
Now , since we have a tree here which implies 0 - 1:0 - N relationship between the vertices , we can define the relation as a self - relation : the table defines both the entity and the relationship .
Parent is just a one attribute among other attributes with a FOREIGN KEY reference to the table itself .
Since multple items can have no parents ( and therefore be the roots of their trees ) , it 's sometimes useful to convert this tree into an arborescence : make a single fake root that considered a parent of all entries that have no actual parent .
This is a nice and elegant model , but until recently it had one drawback : it could not be used with SQL .
SQL , as we all know , deals with relational tables which can be transformed by the means of relational algebra .
It provides a way to do number of operations including relational multiplication , projection , sum etc .
However , earlier versions or SQL lacked recursion which is required to do certain operations efficiently .
Namely , recursion is required to operate upon the adjacency list structure .
The most common operations are :
Find all descendants of a given node
Find all ancestors of a given node
Find all descendants of a given node up to a certain depth
The first two operations require recursion .
The third one does too if the depth level should serve as a parameter .
To work around this , the nested sets model was proposed by Michael Kamfonas and popularized by Joe Celko .
Nested sets
The idea of nested sets is quite simple and can be illustrated using one of the most popular ways to store hierarchical data , the XML .
How would we store the hierarchies in XML ?
We would just use one tag to describe every item and nest it accordingly , like this :
< item id = " 0 " > < item id = " 1 " > < item id = " 2 " /> < item id = " 3 " > < item id = " 4 " /> < /item > < item id = " 5 " > < item id = " 6 " > < item id = " 7 " /> </item > </item > < /item > < item id = " 8 " /> </item >
This is fine , but how to use this structure in a relational table ?
As you can see , opening and closing tags of each node are contained on their own lines here .
The opening and closing tags may ( or may not ) be the same for the nodes containing no children ( this is not important ) .
We see that the node ranges never intersect : given two node ranges , their intersection always makes the range of either of the nodes or an empty set .
In other words , a node open within another node should also close within it .
If and only if this holds for each and every node , the nodes make a valid XML file and a valid hierarchy .
Now , the nested set model can be described in one sentence :
To store a hierarchy in a nested set model , we just store the line numbers of the opening and closing tags of each node as if it were an XML file .
Each set of nodes having a common ancestor is nested within the node of this ancestor .
That 's why this model is called nested sets .
Historically , these line numbers are stored in columns named lft and rgt ( since LEFT and RIGHT are reserved words in most SQL dialects ) .
That 's how this hierarchy would look in a nested sets model :
ID LFT RGT 0 1 14 1 2 12 2 3 3 3 4 6 4 5 5 5 7 11 6 8 10 7 9 9 8 13 13
This model is more SQL friendly , since the tasks described above can be performed in SQL without using recursion .
To find out all ancestors of a given node , we just select all nodes that contain its LFT boundary ( which in a properly built hierarchy implies containing the RGT boundary too ) :
SELECT hp.* FROM t_hierarchy hc JOIN t_hierarchy hp ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hc.id = ?
And to find the descendants , we shoud just reverse the condition , i. e. find all nodes that are contained between the current node 's boundaries :
SELECT hc. * FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = ?
Ironically , selecting all descendants up to a given depth ( which is the least problem for the adjacency list as long as the depth is known in design time ) is the hardest task for the nested set model .
Even obtaning the list of immediate parents and immediate children is not so simple .
However , this is solvable .
This is the query to get all descendants up to the third generation ( that is node itself , all children and grandchildren ) :
SELECT hc. * FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = ?
AND ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM t_hierarchy hn WHERE hc.lft BETWEEN hn.lft AND hn.rgt AND hn.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt ) <= 3
Unlike adjacency list model , the depth level can be parametrized in this query which makes it possible to use a single query for all depth level .
Nested set model can be relatively easily queried for , but it 's extremely hard to manage .
To insert a new child into a node or make an existing mode a child in adjacency list , everything we need is provide the new value of its parent column .
With a single update we can move a whole branch .
To add a new node into a nested set model we should do exactly the same as if we were adding a new node into an XML file : all subsequent nodes are moved several lines further .
Since the boundaries in SQL table represent the line numbers , we should do the same : calculate the offset and make a batch update to all nodes to the right of the updated or inserted one .
Very hard to implement and very inefficient .
Now good news .
Three of four major systems ( that is SQL Server , Oracle and PostgreSQL 8.4 ) now support recursion natively .
The fourth one ( MySQL ) does not support it , but it can be emulated to the extent required to run queries against the hierarchical data modelled according to adjacency list model :
In this series of articles , we will compare efficiency of the adjacency list model to that of the nested sets model .
PostgreSQL 8.4 is the system we begin with .
Analysis
PostgreSQL 8.4 supports recursive queries by means of such called hierarchical CTE's .
A hierarchical CTE is an analog of this query :
SELECT * FROM t_hierarchy h1 WHERE … UNION ALL SELECT * FROM t_hierarchy h1 JOIN t_hierarchy h2 ON … WHERE … UNION ALL SELECT * FROM t_hierarchy h1 JOIN t_hierarchy h2 ON … JOIN t_hierarchy h3 ON … WHERE … …
with the theoretically unlimited number of UNION ALL 's built at runtime and the results of each query cached and called recursively .
To define such a construct , one uses WITH RECURSIVE clause .
To compare both methods , we will create a sample table which combines both data models .
Each node will have both parent and the boundaries ( lft and rgt ) defined .
Then we will run the three most important queries , which , again , are :
Find all descendants of a given node
Find all ancestors of a given node
Find all descendants of a given node up to a certain depth
Here 's the script to create a sample table :
Table creation details
CREATE TABLE t_hierarchy ( id INT NOT NULL , parent INT NOT NULL , lft INT NOT NULL , rgt INT NOT NULL , data VARCHAR ( 100 ) NOT NULL , stuffing VARCHAR ( 100 ) NOT NULL ) ; INSERT INTO t_hierarchy WITH RECURSIVE ini AS ( SELECT 8 AS level , 5 AS children ) , range AS ( SELECT level , children , ( SELECT SUM ( POW ( children , n ) :: INTEGER * ( ( n < level ) : : INTEGER + 1 ) ) FROM generate_series ( level , 0 , - 1 ) n ) width FROM ini ) , q AS ( SELECT s AS id , 0 AS parent , level , children , 1 + width * ( s - 1 ) AS lft , 1 + width * s - 1 AS rgt , width / children AS width FROM ( SELECT r.* , generate_series ( 1 , children ) s FROM range r ) q2 UNION ALL SELECT id * children + position , id , level - 1 , children , 1 + lft + width * ( position - 1 ) , 1 + lft + width * position - 1 , width / children FROM ( SELECT generate_series ( 1 , children ) AS position , q. * FROM q ) q2 WHERE level >
0 ) SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , ' Value ' || id , RPAD ( '' , 100 , '*') FROM q ; ALTER TABLE t_hierarchy ADD CONSTRAINT pk_hierarchy_id PRIMARY KEY ( id ) ; CREATE INDEX ix_hierarchy_lft ON t_hierarchy ( lft ) ; CREATE INDEX ix_hierarchy_rgt ON t_hierarchy ( rgt ) ; CREATE INDEX ix_hierarchy_parent ON t_hierarchy ( parent ) ; ANALYZE t_hierarchy ;
The table contains 8 levels of hierarchy with each node having 5 immediate children .
This makes the table 2,441,405 records long .
Each record has a 100 - byte long field stuffing which emulates the payload in actual tables .
The fields parent , lft and rgt are indexed .
All descendants
There are lots of descendants , that 's why we will select and aggregate the lengths of their stuffing fields .
Since that field is not indexed , it will emulate selection of all values from an actual table rather well .
Nested sets
SELECT SUM( LENGTH ( hc.stuffing ) ) FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = 42
View query details
sum 1953100 1 row fetched in 0.0001s ( 0.0559s ) Aggregate ( cost=63042.65..63042.66 rows=1 width=101 ) ->
Nested Loop ( cost=5761.08..62364.46 rows=271274 width=101 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hp ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=8 ) Index Cond : ( id = 42 ) -> Bitmap Heap Scan on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=5761.08..58286.82 rows=271274 width=105 ) Recheck Cond : ( ( hc.lft >= hp.lft ) AND ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) ) -> Bitmap Index Scan on ix_hierarchy_lft ( cost=0.00..5693.26 rows=271274 width=0 ) Index Cond : ( ( hc.lft >= hp.lft ) AND ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) )
Nested sets is particularly good for this kind of query , since it requires a single range scan on the index on lft .
This query runs for 50 ms .
Adjacency list
WITH RECURSIVE q AS ( SELECT id , stuffing FROM t_hierarchy h WHERE id = 42 UNION ALL SELECT hc.id , hc.stuffing FROM q JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.parent = q.id ) SELECT SUM( LENGTH ( stuffing ) ) FROM q
View query details
sum 1953100 1 row fetched in 0.0001s ( 0.0985s ) Aggregate ( cost=915.24..915.26 rows=1 width=218 ) CTE q -> Recursive Union ( cost=0.00..898.34 rows=751 width=105 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy h ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=105 ) Index Cond : ( id = 42 ) -> Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..87.48 rows=75 width=105 ) -> WorkTable Scan on q ( cost=0.00..0.20 rows=10 width=4 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_parent on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.64 rows=7 width=109 ) Index Cond : ( hc.parent = q.id ) -> CTE Scan on q ( cost=0.00..15.02 rows=751 width=218 )
This query is a trifle less efficient since it requires several index scans instead of a single one .
However , the resulting range is of course the same ( because the values returned are the same ) .
This query completes in 98 ms , or less than twice as long as the nested sets one .
All ancestors
Nested sets
SELECT hp.id , hp.parent , hp.lft , hp.rgt , hp.data FROM t_hierarchy hc JOIN t_hierarchy hp ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hc.id = 1000000 ORDER BY hp.lft
View query details
id parent lft rgt data 2 0 585938 1171874 Value 2 12 2 703126 820312 Value 12 63 12 750001 773437 Value 63 319 63 764063 768749 Value 319 1599 319 766875 767811 Value 1599 7999 1599 767437 767623 Value 7999 39999 7999 767549 767585 Value 39999 199999 39999 767571 767577 Value 199999 1000000 199999 767576 767576 Value 1000000 9 rows fetched in 0.0006s ( 1.8281s ) Sort ( cost=109888.38..110566.56 rows=271274 width=29 )
Sort Key : hp.lft -> Nested Loop ( cost=15239.64..85406.72 rows=271274 width=29 ) Join Filter : ( hc.lft >= hp.lft ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=4 ) Index Cond : ( id = 1000000 ) -> Bitmap Heap Scan on t_hierarchy hp ( cost=15239.64..73190.86 rows=813822 width=29 ) Recheck Cond : ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) -> Bitmap Index Scan on ix_hierarchy_rgt ( cost=0.00..15036.18 rows=813822 width=0 ) Index Cond : ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt )
This query returns much fewer rows than the previous one ( only 9 rows instead of almost 200,000 ) , but due to its nature it is much more slow and takes almost 2 seconds .
This is because we search the other way round in this case : instead of looking for indexed value within the range of constants , we need to search the constant against the list of ranges .
Ranges cannot be efficiently indexed using B - Tree indexes , that 's why PostgreSQL uses only part of the condition ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) , builds a bitmap on it , scans the table using this bitmap and filters the values using the second part of the condition ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) .
This is quite a costly operations since it requires an index scan ( which PostgreSQL is not very good at ) which returns almost half of all rows .
Adjacency list
WITH RECURSIVE q AS ( SELECT h.* , 1 AS level FROM t_hierarchy h WHERE id = 1000000 UNION ALL SELECT hp.* , level + 1 FROM q JOIN t_hierarchy hp ON hp.id = q.parent ) SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data FROM q ORDER BY level DESC
View query details
id parent lft rgt data 2 0 585938 1171874 Value 2 12 2 703126 820312 Value 12 63 12 750001 773437 Value 63 319 63 764063 768749 Value 319 1599 319 766875 767811 Value 1599 7999 1599 767437 767623 Value 7999 39999 7999 767549 767585 Value 39999 199999 39999 767571 767577 Value 199999 1000000 199999 767576 767576 Value 1000000 9 rows fetched in 0.0006s ( 0.0044s ) Sort ( cost=872.98..873.23 rows=101 width=238 ) Sort Key : q.level CTE q -> Recursive Union ( cost=0.00..867.59 rows=101 width=134 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy h ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=130 ) Index Cond : ( id = 1000000 ) -> Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..85.70 rows=10 width=134 ) -> WorkTable Scan on q ( cost=0.00..0.20 rows=10 width=8 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hp ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=130 ) Index Cond : ( hp.id = q.parent ) -> CTE Scan on q ( cost=0.00..2.02 rows=101 width=238 )
Now this query is literally instant : only 4 ms which is within the time measurement error range .
Recursion does very good job here : since the hierarchy is limited , traversing the tree upwards takes only 9 index lookups on the PRIMARY KEY and then sorting of 9 values .
Both operations are very simple and complete in no time .
Descendants up to a given level
Nested sets
We will run two queries : one with a node close to the root , the second one with a node far from the root .
SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = ?
AND ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM t_hierarchy hn WHERE hc.lft BETWEEN hn.lft AND hn.rgt AND hn.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt ) <= 3
View query details for node 42
SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = 42 AND ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM t_hierarchy hn WHERE hc.lft BETWEEN hn.lft AND hn.rgt AND hn.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt ) <= 3 id parent lft rgt data 42 8 257814 281250 Value 42 211 42 257815 262501 Value 211 1056 211 257816 258752 Value 1056 1057 211 258753 259689 Value 1057 1058 211 259690 260626 Value 1058 1059 211 260627 261563 Value 1059 1060 211 261564 262500 Value 1060 212 42 262502 267188 Value 212 1061 212 262503 263439 Value 1061 1062 212 263440 264376 Value 1062 1063 212 264377 265313 Value 1063 1064 212 265314 266250 Value 1064 1065 212 266251 267187 Value 1065 213 42 267189 271875 Value 213 1066 213 267190 268126 Value 1066 1067 213 268127 269063 Value 1067 1068 213 269064 270000 Value 1068 1069 213 270001 270937 Value 1069 1070 213 270938 271874 Value 1070 214 42 271876 276562 Value 214 1071 214 271877 272813 Value 1071 1072 214 272814 273750 Value 1072 1073 214 273751 274687 Value 1073 1074 214 274688 275624 Value 1074 1075 214 275625 276561 Value 1075 215 42 276563 281249 Value 215 1076 215 276564 277500 Value 1076 1077 215 277501 278437 Value 1077 1078 215 278438 279374 Value 1078 1079 215 279375 280311 Value 1079 1080 215 280312 281248 Value 1080 31 rows fetched in 0.0156s ( 120.6055s ) Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..6875628456.64 rows=90425 width=29 ) Join Filter : ( ( SubPlan 1 ) <= 3 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hp ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=8 ) Index Cond : ( id = 42 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_lft on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00..535180.52 rows=271274 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( ( hc.lft >= hp.lft ) AND ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) ) SubPlan 1 -> Aggregate ( cost=25343.70..25343.71 rows=1 width=0 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_lft on t_hierarchy hn ( cost=0.00..25333.52 rows=4069 width=0 ) Index Cond : ( ( $ 0 >= lft ) AND ( lft >= $ 1 ) AND ( lft < = $ 2 ) ) Filter : ( $ 0 <= rgt )
View query details for node 31,415
SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data FROM t_hierarchy hp JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt WHERE hp.id = 31415 AND ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM t_hierarchy hn WHERE hc.lft BETWEEN hn.lft AND hn.rgt AND hn.lft BETWEEN hp.lft AND hp.rgt ) <= 3 id parent lft rgt data 31415 6282 445651 445687 Value 31415 157076 31415 445652 445658 Value 157076 785381 157076 445653 445653 Value 785381 785382 157076 445654 445654 Value 785382 785383 157076 445655 445655 Value 785383 785384 157076 445656 445656 Value 785384 785385 157076 445657 445657 Value 785385 157077 31415 445659 445665 Value 157077 785386 157077 445660 445660 Value 785386 785387 157077 445661 445661 Value 785387 785388 157077 445662 445662 Value 785388 785389 157077 445663 445663 Value 785389 785390 157077 445664 445664 Value 785390 157078 31415 445666 445672 Value 157078 785391 157078 445667 445667 Value 785391 785392 157078 445668 445668 Value 785392 785393 157078 445669 445669 Value 785393 785394 157078 445670 445670 Value 785394 785395 157078 445671 445671 Value 785395 157079 31415 445673 445679 Value 157079 785396 157079 445674 445674 Value 785396 785397 157079 445675 445675 Value 785397 785398 157079 445676 445676 Value 785398 785399 157079 445677 445677 Value 785399 785400 157079 445678 445678 Value 785400 157080 31415 445680 445686 Value 157080 785401 157080 445681 445681 Value 785401 785402 157080 445682 445682 Value 785402 785403 157080 445683 445683 Value 785403 785404 157080 445684 445684 Value 785404 785405 157080 445685 445685 Value 785405 31 rows fetched in 0.0017s ( 0.0523s ) Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..6875628456.64 rows=90425 width=29 ) Join Filter : ( ( SubPlan 1 ) <= 3 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hp ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=8 ) Index Cond : ( id = 31415 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_lft on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00..535180.52 rows=271274 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( ( hc.lft >= hp.lft ) AND ( hc.lft <= hp.rgt ) ) SubPlan 1 -> Aggregate ( cost=25343.70..25343.71 rows=1 width=0 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_lft on t_hierarchy hn ( cost=0.00..25333.52 rows=4069 width=0 ) Index Cond : ( ( $ 0 >= lft ) AND ( lft >= $ 1 ) AND ( lft < = $ 2 ) )
Filter : ( $ 0 <= rgt )
We see that the second query is reasonably fast ( completes in 50 ms ) .
However , the first query ( which is in fact more often used ) takes 120.6 seconds , or more than 2 minutes !
This is because the query should count all ancestors for all descendants that are within the given node .
It 's fast for the nodes that are further from the root ( since they do n't have lots of descendants ) , but it may become a real problem when trying to obtain , say , children and grandchildren of a root node .
And this is the task most online catalogs begin their work with : they need to show first - level categories and subcategories .
2 minutes is way too much for this .
Adjacency list
WITH RECURSIVE q AS ( SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data , ARRAY [ id ] AS level FROM t_hierarchy hc WHERE id = ?
UNION ALL SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data , q.level || hc.id FROM q JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.parent = q.id WHERE array_upper ( level , 1 ) < 3 ) SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data FROM q ORDER BY level
Note the ORDER BY and level constructs .
They are intended to preserve the tree - like ordering .
Arrays are ordered lexicographically in PostgreSQL and each level contains the breadcrumbs from the root node to the current node .
Here are the query results :
View query details for node 42
WITH RECURSIVE q AS ( SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data , ARRAY [ id ] AS level FROM t_hierarchy hc WHERE id = 42 UNION ALL SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data , q.level || hc.id FROM q JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.parent = q.id WHERE array_upper ( level , 1 ) < 3 ) SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data FROM q ORDER BY level id parent lft rgt data 42 8 257814 281250 Value 42 211 42 257815 262501 Value 211 1056 211 257816 258752 Value 1056 1057 211 258753 259689 Value 1057 1058 211 259690 260626 Value 1058 1059 211 260627 261563 Value 1059 1060 211 261564 262500 Value 1060 212 42 262502 267188 Value 212 1061 212 262503 263439 Value 1061 1062 212 263440 264376 Value 1062 1063 212 264377 265313 Value 1063 1064 212 265314 266250 Value 1064 1065 212 266251 267187 Value 1065 213 42 267189 271875 Value 213 1066 213 267190 268126 Value 1066 1067 213 268127 269063 Value 1067 1068 213 269064 270000 Value 1068 1069 213 270001 270937 Value 1069 1070 213 270938 271874 Value 1070 214 42 271876 276562 Value 214 1071 214 271877 272813 Value 1071 1072 214 272814 273750 Value 1072 1073 214 273751 274687 Value 1073 1074 214 274688 275624 Value 1074 1075 214 275625 276561 Value 1075 215 42 276563 281249 Value 215 1076 215 276564 277500 Value 1076 1077 215 277501 278437 Value 1077 1078 215 278438 279374 Value 1078 1079 215 279375 280311 Value 1079 1080 215 280312 281248 Value 1080 31 rows fetched in 0.0017s ( 0.0054s ) Sort ( cost=290.87..291.42 rows=221 width=266 ) Sort Key : q.level CTE q -> Recursive Union ( cost=0.00..277.84 rows=221 width=61 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( id = 42 ) -> Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..26.49 rows=22 width=61 ) -> WorkTable Scan on q ( cost=0.00..0.25 rows=3 width=36 ) Filter : ( array_upper ( level , 1 ) < 3 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_parent on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.64 rows=7 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( hc.parent = q.id ) -> CTE Scan on q ( cost=0.00..4.42 rows=221 width=266 )
View query details for node 31,415
WITH RECURSIVE q AS ( SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data , ARRAY [ id ] AS level FROM t_hierarchy hc WHERE id = 31415 UNION ALL SELECT hc.id , hc.parent , hc.lft , hc.rgt , hc.data , q.level || hc.id FROM q JOIN t_hierarchy hc ON hc.parent = q.id WHERE array_upper ( level , 1 ) < 3 ) SELECT id , parent , lft , rgt , data FROM q ORDER BY level id parent lft rgt data 31415 6282 445651 445687 Value 31415 157076 31415 445652 445658 Value 157076 785381 157076 445653 445653 Value 785381 785382 157076 445654 445654 Value 785382 785383 157076 445655 445655 Value 785383 785384 157076 445656 445656 Value 785384 785385 157076 445657 445657 Value 785385 157077 31415 445659 445665 Value 157077 785386 157077 445660 445660 Value 785386 785387 157077 445661 445661 Value 785387 785388 157077 445662 445662 Value 785388 785389 157077 445663 445663 Value 785389 785390 157077 445664 445664 Value 785390 157078 31415 445666 445672 Value 157078 785391 157078 445667 445667 Value 785391 785392 157078 445668 445668 Value 785392 785393 157078 445669 445669 Value 785393 785394 157078 445670 445670 Value 785394 785395 157078 445671 445671 Value 785395 157079 31415 445673 445679 Value 157079 785396 157079 445674 445674 Value 785396 785397 157079 445675 445675 Value 785397 785398 157079 445676 445676 Value 785398 785399 157079 445677 445677 Value 785399 785400 157079 445678 445678 Value 785400 157080 31415 445680 445686 Value 157080 785401 157080 445681 445681 Value 785401 785402 157080 445682 445682 Value 785402 785403 157080 445683 445683 Value 785403 785404 157080 445684 445684 Value 785404 785405 157080 445685 445685 Value 785405 31 rows fetched in 0.0017s ( 0.0054s ) Sort ( cost=290.87..291.42 rows=221 width=266 ) Sort Key : q.level CTE q -> Recursive Union ( cost=0.00..277.84 rows=221 width=61 ) ->
Index Scan using pk_hierarchy_id on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.54 rows=1 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( id = 31415 ) -> Nested Loop ( cost=0.00..26.49 rows=22 width=61 ) -> WorkTable Scan on q ( cost=0.00..0.25 rows=3 width=36 )
Filter : ( array_upper ( level , 1 ) < 3 ) ->
Index Scan using ix_hierarchy_parent on t_hierarchy hc ( cost=0.00 ..8.64 rows=7 width=29 ) Index Cond : ( hc.parent = q.id ) -> CTE Scan on q ( cost=0.00..4.42 rows=221 width=266 )
As we can see , both queries complete in a little more than 5 ms ( instantly ) and this time does not depend on the proximity to the root node .
Summary
We have compared the three most common queries that are usually issued against the hierarachical data :
Find all descendants of a given node Find all ancestors of a given node Find all descendants of a given node up to a certain depth
The nested set model the fastest for the first query ( 0.05 s ) , however , adjacency list shows good performance and is very fast too ( selecting 200,000 rows is a matter of less than 0.1 second ) .
For the second query , adjacency list is much faster , however , the nested sets are still usable .
Finally , for the third query , nested sets model shows dependency on the node .
For a node that has few descendants , the query is rather fast , however , for a node close to the root ( to say nothing of the root itself ) this query is intolerably slow .
Adjacency list shows superb performance on both nodes .
Conclusion
Given the said above and taking into account that the nested sets model is much harder to manage , we can conclude that adjacency list model should be used to manage hierarchical data in PostgreSQL 8.4 .
Nested sets model was a very smart invention to manage hierarchical data in an environment that allowed no recursion .
But now , when recursive queries are finally available , adjacency list model is just better .
It yields excellent performance on all three types of queries , outperforms nested sets in two of three most used queries and is extremely simple to manage .
To be continued .
If you 're looking to relive a little of the tom - foolery of your youth this weekend , it 's tough to go wrong with adopting the occupation of every school - age boy : amateur weapon - smith .
Advertisement
We generally start off a post like this with a warning about how you 'd better be careful and not put your eye out .
Crossbows , no matter how diminutive , are the kind of thing that needs no warning .
The full - size version has been banned by Popes , the Magna Carta , and various governments since its inception .
Treat a miniature version with equal respect and remember that " It does n't look dangerous " is the second most probable phrase — right behind " Here , hold my beer . " — to precede an ER visit .
That said , who among us did n't fashion medieval siege weapons out of office supplies to while away a school day misspent ?
You 're going to need four pencils , some packing tape , six sturdy rubber bands , a disposable pen , and some lightweight shish kabob sticks .
Advertisement
Need more firepower for your improvised army ?
Make sure to check out how to build an Altoids Catapult , an Altoids Trebuchet , and a Sharpie rocket .
Check out the link below to see the step - by - step build guide for the crossbow and if you 're particularly enamored by it , check out the book it 's excerpted from : Mini Weapons of Mass Destruction : Build Implements of Spitball Warfare .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How - To Build a Pencil Crossbow [ via Geeks Are Sexy ]
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Bernie Ecclestone's big dream of a Formula 1 race in New York could be closer to reality than many people thought after plans for an event in Jersey City emerged this week .
A proposal for a race in the 1,200 - acre Liberty State Park from 2012 has been put together by the director of tourism for Destination Jersey City - with the possibility of it being turned into a night event .
A document produced with outline plans for the event states : " With the incredible backdrop of the New York City skyline , selecting Jersey City for the 2012 Grand Prix Auto Race Circuit will not only boost ticket sales as the Grand Prix returns to the United States , but will [ provide ] striking television footage .
" To maximize the dramatic effect , Jersey City could possibly follow in Singapore 's footsteps by holding the finals at night . "
Organisers want the ' Jersey City ' moniker in the name of the race , are seeking a five - year deal and a 3.6 - mile track layout has already been sketched out .
Although F1 is keen for the sport to get back into the United States , the plans for the Jersey GP have not gone down well with everybody - with local campaigners Friends of Liberty State Park labelling the idea ' obscene ' in a letter written to Jersey City Mayor Jerramiah Healy .
Sam Pesin , head of the Friends ' board of trustees , told local newspaper the Jersey Journal : " Once you have a track there , and especially with the state 's finances , there would be such pressure on the state to have regular car racing there .
You 'd end up having the name changed from Liberty State Park to Liberty Race Track . "
Mayor Healy has spoken to Pesin about the matter and issued a statement after their conversation saying : " This was a response to an overture made by Formula 1 , and Jersey City is one of several cities they are pursuing .
There have been a few , preliminary conversations and this is very much in the exploratory phase .
" However , this may not be something that is in the best interest of Jersey City or Liberty State Park . "
The plans for the Jersey GP come a few weeks after there was fresh speculation Indianapolis could be poised to get F1 back , with former track boss Tony George present at the Chinese Grand Prix to discuss ideas .
BEIJING — Type the Chinese characters for “ carrot ” into Google ’s search engine here in mainland China , and you will be rewarded not with a list of Internet links , but a blank screen .
Do n’t blame Google , however .
The fault lies with China ’s censors — who are increasingly a model for countries around the world that want to control an unrestricted Internet .
Since late March , when Google moved its search operations out of mainland China to Hong Kong , each response to a Chinese citizen ’s search request has been met at the border by government computers , programmed to censor any forbidden information Google might turn up .
“ Carrot ” — in Mandarin , huluobo — may seem innocuous enough .
But it contains the same Chinese character as the surname of President Hu Jintao .
And the computers , long programmed to intercept Chinese - language searches on the nation ’s leaders , substitute an error message for the search result before it can sneak onto a mainland computer .
This is China ’s censorship machine , part George Orwell , part Rube Goldberg : an information sieve of staggering breadth and fineness , yet full of holes ; run by banks of advanced computers , but also by thousands of Communist Party drudges ; highly sophisticated in some ways , remarkably crude in others .
The one constant is its growing importance .
Censorship used to be the sleepy province of the Communist Party ’s central propaganda department , whose main task was to tell editors what and what not to print or broadcast .
In the new networked China , censorship is a major growth industry , overseen — and fought over — by no fewer than 14 government ministries .
“ Press control has really moved to the center of the agenda , ” said David Bandurski , an analyst at the China Media Project of the University of Hong Kong .
“ The Internet is the decisive factor there .
It ’s the medium that is changing the game in press control , and the party leaders know this . ”
Today , China censors everything from the traditional print press to domestic and foreign Internet sites ; from cell phone text messages to social networking services ; from online chat rooms to blogs , films and e-mail .
It even censors online games .
That ’s not all .
Not content merely to block dissonant views , the government increasingly employs people to peddle its views online , in the guise of impartial bloggers and chat - room denizens .
A Bit-Locking And Cryptography Exercise
Microsoft has been shipping BitLocker drive encryption tool with Windows Vista and Windows 7 operating systems , but it 's only available on the two highest - end editions , Enterprise and Ultimate .
Fortunately , there is a powerful alternative to BitLocker for everyone else .
TrueCrypt is open source and offers even more flexibility .
We decided to compare the features and performance of both solutions .
We published a comprehensive article on TrueCrypt 6.1 just over a year ago .
That story looked at the process of how to encrypt a Windows system partition , and we ran benchmarks , in addition to battery runtime tests on a notebook .
The conclusion was promising : TrueCrypt 6 lets you encrypt and password - protect your entire system on the fly with only minor performance and battery life penalties .
By now , there 's really no need to rehash the merits of encrypting user data , especially for the folks who handle sensitive information .
Losing information to a failed drive is one thing , and it can typically be addressed , even if it's an expensive proposition ( then again , you already know you should be running regular backups , right ? ) .
But data falling into the wrong hands can be an even more dire problem for businesses .
This time around , we wanted to double - check our findings with TrueCrypt against Microsoft 's value - added BitLocker .
Does it make sense to pay up for a higher - end Windows version to get this extra functionality , or will TrueCrypt do the exact same thing at no cost ?
Another reason to revisit encryption solutions is the availability of AES new instructions ( AES - NI ) in Intel ’s Core i5 mainstream dual - core processors ( Clarkdale ) and the top-end , six - core Core i7 ( Gulftown ) .
Can BitLocker and TrueCrypt truly showcase the benefits of hardware - based AES acceleration ?
Let 's find out .
ANN ARBOR , Mich .--- For the first time , astronomers have directly observed the mysterious dark companion in a binary star system that has puzzled skywatchers since the 19th century .
Using an instrument developed at the University of Michigan , scientists have taken close - up pictures of Epsilon Aurigae during its eclipse , which happens every 27 years .
" Close up " in this case is a relative term , but the images zoom in enough to show the shape of the dark object 's shadow .
" Seeing is believing , " said John Monnier , an associate professor in the U - M Department of Astronomy who is an author of a paper about the research findings published in the April 8 edition of Nature .
Researchers from the University of Denver and Georgia State University were involved as well .
Epsilon Aurigae is the fifth brightest star in the northern constellation Auriga .
For more than 175 years , astronomers have known it is dimmer than it should be , given its mass .
They also noticed its brightness dip for more than a year every few decades .
They surmised that it was a binary system in which one companion was invisible .
But what type of object was the companion ?
Because astronomers had n't observed much light from it , the prevailing theory labeled it a smaller star orbited edge - on by a thick disk of dust .
The theory held that the disk 's orbit must be in precisely the same plane as the dark object 's orbit around the brighter star , and all of this had to be occurring in the same plane as Earth 's vantage point .
This would be an unlikely alignment , but it explained observations .
The new images show that this is indeed the case .
A geometrically thin , dark , dense , but partially translucent cloud can be seen passing in front of Epsilon Aurigae .
" This really shows that the basic paradigm was right , despite the slim probability , " Monnier said .
" It kind of blows my mind that we could capture this .
There 's no other system like this known .
On top of that , it seems to be in a rare phase of stellar life .
And it happens to be so close to us .
It 's extremely fortuitous . "
The disk appears much flatter than recent modeling from the Spitzer Space Telescope suggests , Monnier said .
" It 's really flat as a pancake , " he said .
Monnier led the creation of the Michigan Infra-Red Combiner ( MIRC ) instrument that was used to produce these images .
MIRC uses a process called " interferometry " to combine the light entering four telescopes at the CHARA array at Georgia State University and amplify it so that it seems to be coming through a device 100 times larger than the Hubble Space Telescope .
MIRC allowed astronomers to see the shape and surface characteristics of stars for the first time .
Previously , stars were mere points of light even with the largest telescopes .
" Interferometry has made high resolution imaging of distant objects a reality , " said Fabien Baron , a post - doctoral researcher in the Department of Astronomy who helped with the imaging in this study .
" It most probably will solve many mysteries but also raise many new questions . "
###
The paper is called " Infrared images of the transiting disk in the epsilon Aurigae System . "
Xiao Che , a graduate student in the U - M Department of Astronomy , contributed to the research .
The lead authors are astrophysics graduate student Brian Kloppenborg and astronomy professor Bob Stencel at the University of Denver .
This research is funded by the National Science Foundation and the office of the dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Georgia State University .
John Monnier : www.astro.lsa.umich.edu/~monnier
EDITORS : Watch and link to a video at www.ns.umich.edu/podcast/video.php?id=1211
A POINT OF VIEW
Forget greasy burgers , a growing enthusiasm for good local food in the US is getting the nation salivating , says Simon Schama .
Ask people in the UK what they think of American food and all too often their faces settle into the amused expression Mahatma Gandhi is said to have assumed when asked what he thought of Western civilisation .
" It would , " he replied , " be a very good idea . "
The same , many think , would be true of American food .
For most people in Europe , I suspect , it seems not so much food at all as fuel .
The burgers and fries shovelled down while the car is idling at the drive - thru , or gobbled by marooned air travellers waiting for the " delayed " sign to flip so they can finally make their connection to Detroit .
Along the concourse plod the heavy herds in search of their own aviation fuel until at last they park their trolleys by the ketchup - stained corral , over which hangs a micro-climate of vaporised frying fat .
Yum .
Americans love a blueberry pie
It could be worse .
You might in a moment of desperation try the salad , or more tragically , the seasonal fruit .
For an instant , these offerings - the greenery and the frighteningly livid cherry tomatoes , the day - glo cubes of pineapple - offer a tantalising resemblance to something you might actually want to put in your mouth .
So you do .
Big mistake .
What happens is more or less what happens after you 've opened wide to the dentist and he 's given you a shot of novocaine .
You can't feel a thing .
You 're vaguely aware of something rolling around between tongue and gullet , but for the life of you you can't imagine what it is ?
Could that papery thing glued to your tongue have once been a plant form ?
But the slimy pink cube purporting to be melon defeats you .
You gulp and swallow only because it has to go somewhere and after all , you 're in public .
At these human feeding troughs speed is what counts .
In the 19th Century travellers to the US gazed in horror on river boats and in city taverns , at the spectacle of Americans sawing away at slabs of bloody beef .
What particularly struck these foreigners was that all this brutal chewing precluded the activity which for them made a meal a social occasion - the act of speech .
Luscious Most American eating seemed swift and silent , as befitted a bodily function .
Except in the grandest society it was enacted for business rather than pleasure .
" Are you still working on that ? " a polite waiter will inquire to this day if you rest briefly from your labours .
" Good job " , a proud parent will congratulate little Kelly when she cleans her plate .
Pleasure could be had from the table , but it was what you merited when all that arduous work was accomplished .
Pleasure was , above all things , pie .
Not steak and kidney , but fruit .
And not just the proverbially patriotic apple , but the particular fruit of your own back country .
Wild blueberry , tiny and intense in northern New England , picked when the pale bloom lies on the purple skin like a coating of light frost , luscious dripping peaches in the deep south .
Saddle - sore dry goods peddlers , snake - oil quacks fresh off the stagecoach , itinerant ranters with dirty collars and pummelled prayer books , rustlers and wranglers , the highfalutin and the lowdown could all be brought to a state of grace with a forkful of pie .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View , with Simon Schama , is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 BST and repeated Sundays , 0850 BST
Or listen to it here later Better yet , the whole thing would be brought to table and a stab through the puffed up pastry , made , if my wife - a Nevada hunter 's daughter - is right , with bear fat , would liberate a clove - scented sugary steam that would draw you in .
A mouthful would take you to America 's lost childhood .
Your mama's at the hot stove , wiping her hands on a floury apron , while the Whippoorwills warble on a backyard hickory .
The pie emerges , fills the kitchen with benevolence and all is right with your corner of the world .
But this is not a lament for the lost innocence of American eating .
There 's a place in downtown New York that dishes up a pretty fine sour cream apple pie .
More important , though , I am here to announce that great American food is back , if indeed it ever went away .
Just do n't go looking for it in places where they think fit to fob you off with a Caesar 's salad that is merely a sorry bowl of lettuce in which lurk cardboard croutons , while the things that are supposed to be rendered unto Caesar 's salad - raw egg yolk , lashings of anchovies and a heavy grating of fresh parmesan - have gone missing .
' Drooling respect '
Go look for the real McCoy in places where the locals tell you cooks guard their mysteries with their life .
In an African - American section of Houston , Texas , some years ago I joined a line of expectant diners waiting for what was said to be the best barbecue chicken in the south .
The place was nothing more than a roadside shack , presided over by the duchess of barbecue who did indeed keep her secrets close to her mighty chest .
You took the bird away in paper trays along with " dirty rice " , red beans and collard greens slippery with oil .
But the bird seemed to be disintegrating in its own juices , challenging you to get stuck in before it gave up on you as someone who knew no better than to let it go cold .
Crossing the lobby of the fancy hotel where I was staying , well - dressed crowds parted like the Red Sea to let me and my packet of pungency through , as it leaked juicily on to the corporate marble floor .
Half of the guests recoiled in horror , half retreated in drooling respect .
But I was in no mood to hand out samples to the covetous .
I just wanted to be alone in my room with the barbecued fowl and its mystery sauce .
Farmers ' markets are flourishing in the US
There have always been two great pots from which American nourishment , cultural as well as gastronomic , has stirred - ethnic immigration and the idyll of the family farm .
Where those life forces of the republic flourish and resist homogenisation , so will its good food .
Their nemesis has been the factory farms of antibiotic - stuffed poultry that are no more than water - pumped breasts mounted on claws .
But against the odds , ethnic eating and small family farms have not only survived , they are doing better than for many a year - a longed for antidote to the shrink - wrapped cheese of the supermarkets .
New waves of immigrants - Vietnamese or Uzbek - have found markets in the big cities for their cooking .
Local farmers ' markets are flourishing , bringing the produce of the season directly to customers .
Right now in the Hudson Valley you can buy wild garlic shoots , fiddlehead ferns and spring morel mushrooms .
Richard Harrison , who grew up in Sussex and farms in upstate New York , brings his own meat - rabbit and pork , lamb and chickens that taste like chickens should - to market , every week from spring until November .
Tears Eleven - year - old Reese , growing up blonde and bony like his dad , and his older sister Grace sell the produce .
Next to the Harrisons of Cowberry Crossing , you can buy the best cheese in the western hemisphere - soft or hard , sharp or barnyard ripe and a heel of dense , black , garlic - studded rye bread to eat with it .
This is the American food that has miraculously escaped the tyranny of agribusiness .
And sometimes , in backwoods corners of the country , you encounter cooking that is the refutation of despair .
I was reminded of just such a meal by the harrowing tragedy of the 29 coalminers killed on 5 April , in a methane explosion in West Virginia .
There is more to US food than the burger Some years back , filming in towns where the wreckage of the coal industry had torn the heart out of old communities , where abandoned derelict houses were collapsing into the roadway , our crew pulled up at a modest cafe expecting nothing more than a turkey and Swiss cheese sandwich .
What we got was an excited welcome from the owner who every day waited for someone to come through her door wanting something more than turkey and Swiss .
She came from a Greek family , so what she set out for us was slow baked lamb , honeyed baklava and kataifi .
She told us of her struggles against the banks , against slurry floods which twice had destroyed her place and her house , against the plagues of emphysema and joblessness stalking her world .
But she would n't give up .
Not when she could still make the lamb and the kataifi and see people like us spoon it up with grateful pleasure .
" I am so glad , " she said .
" I am so glad , " through tears that suddenly came spilling on to the pastries .
And so were we .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I 've had some of the best meals of my life in the US .
Between the huge productivity of its farms , plentiful natural resources ( like seafood ) and mix of every ethnic culture on the globe you can get amazing meals .
As with everything else you get what you pay for .
For $ 2 of course you get grease .
For $ 20 you get heaven on a plate !
Peter , Notts
What a bizarre mix of stereotypes and hyperbole .
Write this piece from the other perspective ( that is to say , side of the ocean ) and you'd have a remarkably similar piece with the same mildly offensive and ignorant comments about warm beer , kidney pie and lots of blood in your sausages .
Still , I 'm glad that Mexican cuisine is finally making a proper appearance in Europe .
Stephen W , Caerphilly
In the San Francisco Bay area where I live their is such a wealth of farmers markets it is astonishing .
This fresh produce is why we also enjoy more great restaurants than you can keep up with .
The biggest difference between our food culture and the European cuisine I 've experienced in my travels is diversity .
In Italy for instance you experience all of the wonderful variations each region has to offer of traditional Italian foods .
Here in the Bay Area all of the various ethnic groups create stunning variety .
I 'm so used to the variety now that when I travel I miss access to great Vietnamese , Mexican , Italian , Thai , French etc .
Of course this is n't typical of all America .
But regions of the country that were once culinary wastelands are changing for the better .
Erik Schmitt , Berkeley California U.S.A .
I could n't agree more that a great deal of American food is , well , horrible .
However , I find myself laughing at this article because I serendipitously have blueberries in my refrigerator waiting upon me to make a pie crust this evening .
I learned some cooking basics from my mother , take inspiration from the restaurant industry , and forge ahead in my desire to grow and produce my own meals when I can .
Luckily , I live in one of those tiny Southern towns where , if I do n't feel like cooking , I can do as I did yesterday : devour locally smoked barbecue and follow with fresh cranked ice cream .
Yes !
Sioux Cook , Marion , North Carolina , USA
It 's worth pointing out that , while Europeans may think of American food this way , actual american food has almost nothing in common with the stereotype .
It 's no more valid than the idea that every British restaurant serves tasteless boiled beef or Fish and Chips .
Sam , Santa Cruz , California , USA Britain is in a fine position to complain about cuisine !
I 'll take US food ( which is not just burgers and fries ) any day over the " food " I had on my last visit to Britain in 1986 .
Tasteless and bland .
Food on the continent is far superior
Dose of reality , Columbus , Ohio USA Valid comments but they are world wide .
I have had the fortune to travel the world .
I have eaten food that looked and tasted as plastic as the real plastic food in the window while visiting Japan .
While one of the best meals I had in Japan was served off the back of a truck that had pulled up on the sidewalk .
The proprietor got tired of paying inflated rent and decided to move his restaurant to a truck .
While visiting England in the 70s , cousins told me to steer clear of Wimpey's .
It would be worse than walking into a McDonalds .
But a few years ago , while touring the highlands , we had some magnificent meals .
It would appear that food in the UK has made progress over the last 30 years .
The thing to remember is the good and bad food where ever you go .
The trick is to find the good and avoid the slop .
Jay , Sugar Land Texas Lovely story , Simon .
Yes , much commonly available salad - bar and fast - food fare is repulsive , but there are REALLY great things to be had almost anywhere if you know where to look .
Sarah Q. Malone , State College , PA U.S.A .
I 'd be willing to hear culinary criticism from an Italian , or actually pretty much anyone from the Continent , but a Brit ?
Please .
The only people with worse taste are the Dutch , and even that 's a close race ; raw herring and onions vs. blood pudding .
I 'm not saying that the average American meal is haute cuisine , but until your country manages to come up with something other than meat boiled to the point that it has no flavour , keep your patronising thoughts to yourself .
Nathan , Seattle , US
No other country has ever been as misrepresented and misunderstood as America has been when it comes to gastronomy .
No denying that it can be blamed for the McDonalds ' , BK's , KFC's and all other fast food conglomorates ever created .
It 's a dirty job but someone has to be blamed for it .
But as an American growing up in America , I only ever ate at McDonald 's once every six months , if that .
And growing up in ethnic San Jose California , why would I ?
If I fancied a Cuban sandwich , a Vietnamese pho , a Mexican Chillaquiles , or dim sum for breakfast , I could get any of these within a 5 mile radius of home , and that was even back in the 1990's .
Why would I settle for supermarket produce when the Chinese market , or Mexican mercado is around the corner ?
The Americans I know crave authentic and know authentic , and you can't fool them with bastardised versions of any kind of food .
So contrary to what the rest of the world says , I pay homage to the American gastronomy that is Creole , Cajun , Pan-Pacific , Germanic , Scandinavian , and Asian .
I say cheers to Starbucks , Subway , and Baja Fresh .
I salute Quillisascut Cheese in Washington State and the Batali's Salumi Artisan Cured Meats and the much anticipate short season of the Copper River Salmon and yes the scrumptious , undeniably American Apple Pie !
Rho Levy , Solihull West Midlands
Let the continentals and the rest of the world assume that the US is burgers and pizza .
We 'll keep our salads , stews , chowders , BBQ and soul food to ourselves .
Greg M , Denver , CO
So sorry , you have truly missed out on so much in this country .
I have had the honor and pleasure of living all over , not just in the U.S. but in the world , and I can tell you about food .
If you have never had sweet corn that was not picked until the water was at full boil on the stove , then plunged in for just the briefest time .
Oh what you have missed .
Or here in the high desert , fresh just roasted green chile , warmed in a little butter and draped over a steak .
Just cooked sopapillas drenched in honey .
The U.S. has so much more to offer than just a burger .
The same as England has so much more to offer than greasy fried fish and chips , ( that we all know are really french fries ) .
Just my thought on the matter , but my rule of thumb is to avoid nationwide chains .
If I can get it at home , then why eat it on a trip .
Look for the little out of the way local place .
There is where the magic happens .
Alan , Albuquerque New Mexico USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tell Discovery to Pull Sarah Palin's Show !
by : Defenders of Wildlife
recipient : David Zaslav President & CEO , Discovery Communications
Discovery Communications usually celebrates nature and wildlife , but by signing a deal with former governor Sarah Palin to host a reality show about Alaska , it will now pay millions to one of wildlife 's greatest enemies .
As governor of Alaska , Sarah Palin fought against protecting the Cook Inlet beluga whales and the dwindling population of polar bears .
Plus , she escalated the bloody aerial wolf - killing campaign , and even planned to offer a $ 150 bounty for the severed forelimb of each killed wolf .
The same company that owns Animal Planet and is known for their stunning wildlife - focused shows has no business hiring someone as anti-wildlife as Sarah Palin .
Tell Discovery Communications that Sarah Palin does n't deserve to host a show about " the powerful beauty of Alaska . "
read petition letter ▾
As a wildlife supporter , I am disappointed and angered by Discovery Communication 's decision to produce and air Sarah Palin 's Alaska .
As governor , Sarah Palin championed a bloody aerial wolf - slaughter campaign that continues to this very day .
She even planned on offering a $ 150 bounty for the severed forelimb of each killed wolf .
Palin also fought against increased protections for struggling Cook Inlet beluga whales and America 's only populations of polar bears .
As parent company of Animal Planet , The Discovery Channel and TLC , and known for your wildlife - focused productions , I hope that you will reconsider your decision to partner with such a terribly anti-wildlife and politically divisive persona as Sarah Palin .
Sincerely ,
[ Your Name Here ] Dear Mr. Zaslav , As a wildlife supporter , I am disappointed and angered by Discovery Communication 's decision to produce and air Sarah Palin 's Alaska .
As governor , Sarah Palin championed a bloody aerial wolf - slaughter campaign that continues to this very day .
She even planned on offering a $ 150 bounty for the severed forelimb of each killed wolf .
Palin also fought against increased protections for struggling Cook Inlet beluga whales and America 's only populations of polar bears .
As parent company of Animal Planet , The Discovery Channel and TLC , and known for your wildlife - focused productions , I hope that you will reconsider your decision to partner with such a terribly anti-wildlife and politically divisive persona as Sarah Palin .
Sincerely , [ Your Name Here ]
A recent CBS / New York Times poll reveals how words matter .
They asked 500 respondents how they felt about permitting “ homosexuals ” to serve in the military ; then they asked a different 500 how they felt about “ gays / lesbians ” serving in the military .
It turns out , people like gays and lesbians more than they like homosexuals :
Also in words : frankenfoods , atomic , soda vs. pop , tradition , hispanic , feminism , woman , average , nurse , George Lakoff on metaphor , professional , Jon Steward on re-branding , development , organic , the third world , man vs. girl , natural , honorifics , Africa , dithering , terrorism , the rape and other violent metaphors , and flesh - colored .
And also see our post on the war against “ gay . ” ( Poll discovered via Montclair SocioBlog . )
Just over half of the country is in favor of a tough new immigration law in Arizona , according to a new Gallup poll .
More Americans favor Ariz . law
Just more than half of the people who have heard of the law are in favor of a tough new immigration law in Arizona , according to a Gallup poll out Thursday .
Fifty - one percent of those polled nationwide who said they have heard of the new law favor the measure , which grants police to right to ask to see proof of citizenship from anyone they suspect of being an illegal immigrant .
Thirty - nine percent said they oppose it .
Advertisement
Three - quarters of the Republicans and half of the independents polled said they approve of the law .
Only 34 percent of Democrats said the same .
Seventy - eight percent of the people contact by Gallup said they had either heard a " great deal " or a " fair amount " about the state law .
" Most Americans have heard about Arizona 's tough new immigration law , and they generally support it , " wrote Gallup 's Jeffrey M. Jones in his analysis of the survey .
" The law was passed partly in response to a lack of federal action on the issue , " he continued .
" Since the Arizona bill became law , congressional Democrats have considered taking up the issue in the coming weeks , though this initial read on public opinion toward the Arizona law suggests Americans may not necessarily back an attempt to supersede or otherwise undermine it . "
The survey interviewed 1,013 adults and was conducted April 27 - 28 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
I , Citizen Legislator [ editor 's note , by The Left Shue ] Moved to Front Page due to timeliness of the discussion .
By the adoption of the initiative and referendum amendments the people of this state became a part of the legislative branch of the state government .
-- Washington State Supreme Court Judge Mackintosh , State ex rel .
Mullen v.
Howell , concurring opinion I do n't have a seat in the state legislature , but as a voter in one of the 24 states that provide for citizen - initiated referenda or initiatives , I do have the power to write , move and co-sponsor legislation .
To the degree I choose to participate in these activities , I am a Citizen Legislator .
Moved to Front Page due to timeliness of the discussion .
I do n't have a seat in the state legislature , but as a voter in one of the 24 states that provide for citizen - initiated referenda or initiatives , I do have the power to write , move and co-sponsor legislation .
To the degree I choose to participate in these activities , I am a Citizen Legislator .
Why does that matter ?
That is one of the issues before the United States Supreme Court in Doe v. Reed , a case that arose from the Referendum 71 campaign in Washington state .
The case has drawn a great deal of national attention since it is a challenge to both the rules by which every state regulates its electoral processes and to the Public Records Acts of states and municipalities across the country .
As Anne Levinson , Chair of Washington Families Standing Together , the Approve 71 campaign said Protect Marriage Washington , National Organization for Marriage and their affiliates are asking the high court to rule that Public Records Acts are unconstitutional because they treat initiative and referenda petitions as public records .
This challenge goes way beyond Referendum 71 .
And it goes way beyond lgbt issues .
It is part of a systemic effort by these right - wing groups to shroud their activities and sources of money .
These groups have not only been involved in anti-gay ballot measures in California , Iowa , Maine , Washington and other states , they put hundreds of thousands of dollars into U.S. Senate and Congressional races .
They are using this case to ask the Court to issue a sweeping ruling that would undermine campaign regulations and open government , not just in Washington state , but in every state in the Union .
First they argue that signing a petition is a private act .
Clearly it is not and never has been .
Petitions are circulated and signed in public and submitted to the government for public certification .
Then they argue that signing petitions is an act of speech , which they say outweighs the need for open and transparent government and the role of the states in ensuring elections are fair and free from fraud .
But signing petitions is not speech .
The speech happens in the give and take in deciding to sign or indeed in all the discourse during campaigns .
Signing a petition is a citizen standing in the shoes of a legislator .
Signing a petition for a referendum is ordering the state to stop the law from taking effect and directing the state to put the law on the ballot for a public vote .
The only way that can happen is for the legislative body to do it directly or for citizens to do it in lieu of the legislative body by collecting sufficient signatures .
City of Olympia , WA 's website illustrates the public nature of petitions
Since 1913 , Washington State law has mandated that referendum petitions print the following language above the signature lines ( emphasis mine ) :
To the Honorable ___ , Secretary of State of the State of Washington We , the undersigned citizens and legal voters of the State of Washington , respectfully order and direct that Referendum Measure No. __ ... shall be referred to the people of the state for their approval or rejection at the regular election .
If enough valid signatures are collected on a referendum petition to qualify it for the ballot , enactment of the law challenged by the referendum is suspended pending the result of the election .
Thus , signing a referendum petition is a significant legislative act that 1 ) directs the Secretary of State to put a measure on the ballot , and 2 ) suspends a law that was duly passed by the legislature .
Since 1913 , Washington State law has mandated that referendum petitions print the following language above the signature lines ( emphasis mine ) :
If enough valid signatures are collected on a referendum petition to qualify it for the ballot , enactment of the law challenged by the referendum is suspended pending the result of the election .
Thus , signing a referendum petition is a significant legislative act that 1 ) directs the Secretary of State to put a measure on the ballot , and 2 ) suspends a law that was duly passed by the legislature .
Although we do n't allow our elected officials to legislate in secret , Protect Marriage Washington , the anti-LGBT sponsor of Referendum 71 , wants the identities of Citizen Legislators kept secret .
They 've asked the United States Supreme Court to rule as unconstitutional Washington 's Public Records Act ( PRA ) to the extent that it mandates that government documents like submitted referendum petitions are public records .
Their lawsuit is part of a national campaign to rid the country of open government and campaign sunshine laws .
Nobody has the right to legislate in secret .
Secrecy breeds fraud1 , intimidation and mistrust in government .
Legislators do n't wear hoods .
The Klan does .
This is what Protect Marriage Washington 's case Doe v. Reed is all about .
Last week , the defenders of open government and fair campaign practices filed their merits briefs with the US Supreme Court : Washington Secretary of State Sam Reed , Washington Families Standing Together ( the Approve 71 campaign ) and Washington Coalition for Open Government .
These documents are very much worth your time .
They reveal quite clearly that Protect Marriage Washington has no legal leg to stand on .
This would explain why Protect Marriage Washington keeps selling a different case to the public and the Court than is actually before the Court .
More on that after the fold .
1After a month - long count of every signature , Secretary of State Reed determined that of almost 138,00 signatures Protect Marriage Washington submitted only 121,777 were valid signatures , just 1,200 over the minimum needed .
Observers of the certification process believe that more than that number of signatures may have been erroneously counted as valid by the Secretary of State .
However , citizens were barred from their legal right to examine the petitions and make an independent determination because a federal district judge granted Protect Marriage Washington the temporary restraining order that became the first step leading us to the Supreme Court .
Doe v. Reed in Federal District Court .
What they were after initially was a Temporary Restraining Order ( TRO ) to prevent the public from having access to the Referendum 71 petitions .
Their complaint objected to the public disclosure of petitions on A few days after Protect Marriage Washington submitted their Referendum 71 petitions to the Secretary of State for validation , they filedin Federal District Court .
What they were after initially was a Temporary Restraining Order ( TRO ) to prevent the public from having access to the Referendum 71 petitions .
Their complaint objected to the public disclosure of petitions on two counts Count I - They asserted that releasing completed signature petitions for any referendum would violate the signers '
First Amendment rights .
Count II -
They asserted that releasing Referendum 71 petitions under the PRA would violate the petition signers '
First Amendment right of association because disclosure would subject them to harassment .
The district court granted Protect Marriage Washington the TRO , which barred disclosure of referendum petitions .
While this TRO prevented citizens from independently examining the petitions for fraud , etc. , it may have been a Pyrrhic victory for Protect Marriage Washington because of the way the judge made the decision .
The district court did not take testimony , and the only factual record before the court was three declarations submitted by John Does , documents attached to the complaint , and several attorney declarations attaching news reports .
There had been no opportunity for discovery , and not a single witness appeared at the hearing .
On this limited record , the district court concluded that petitioners were entitled to relief under Count I of the Complaint and explicitly declined to reach the question -- presented only by Count II -- whether the alleged threats of harassment justified exempting the petitions from disclosure .
Because the district court judge did n't examine actual evidence and did n't rule on Count II , Protect Marriage Washington 's allegations that their petition signers will face harassment if their names become public have not been examined or validated by the court in any way , and Count II is off the table for consideration by the higher courts , including the Supreme Court .
Because the district court judge did n't examine actual evidence and did n't rule on Count II , Protect Marriage Washington 's allegations that their petition signers will face harassment if their names become public have not been examined or validated by the court in any way , and Count II is off the table for consideration by the higher courts , including the Supreme Court .
This means that Protect Marriage Washington 's case rests only on their ability to successfully argue Count I .
Although signing a referendum petition may be speech in part , as mentioned above the fold it is also a legislative act .
Thus it is not pure speech as Protect Marriage Washington contends .
The [ 9th Circuit ] court of appeals reversed [ the district court ] , holding that the act of signing a petition was not anonymous and was a mixture of speech and conduct , such that intermediate scrutiny applied .
The court of appeals held that the Public Records
Act as applied to the petition sheets served important interests of open government , public disclosure , and protecting against fraud .
The court of appeals did not consider Petitioners ' as - applied [ Count II ] challenge to the disclosure of the Referendum 71 petitions , because the trial court did not address that second claim .
Nevertheless , petitioners devote the majority of their merits brief to matters relevant only to an as - applied [ Count II ] challenge .
Rather than focus on the facial challenge that is before the Court , petitioners discuss the " harm " and " intimidation " that allegedly arose during the Referendum 71 campaign and , even more remotely , California 's Proposition 8 , which was an initiative dealing with marriage rights for same - sex couples .
To the extent that such a discussion is material , its relevance is limited to Count II , which petitioners concede is not before the Court .
So the court of appeals found that the district court and Protect Marriage Washington were wrong on Count I , and Count II is off the table .
Yet Protect Marriage Washington loaded its Supreme Court
So the court of appeals found that the district court and Protect Marriage Washington were wrong on Count I , and Count II is off the table .
Yet Protect Marriage Washington loaded its Supreme Court merits brief with useless information related to Count II .
What gives ?
When you build a case not on solid legal analysis but on unsubstantiated allegations , perhaps all you can do is keep flogging the unsubstantiated allegations and hope to win sympathy among those harboring unexamined bias against gays and lesbians .
Gary Buseck , Legal Director of Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders said
There is no credible evidence that individuals who signed petitions to put Referendum 71 on the ballot were subjected to any harassment .
Petitioners have taken a handful of isolated incidents - serious if true but also endemic to hard - fought political campaigns - and attempted to magnify them into a coordinated campaign that simply does not exist by joining them with any array of trivial grievances and feelings of discomfort when lesbians and gay men responded to the ballot attack with constitutionally protected speech .
As we wait for the April 28th Supreme Court hearing , it 's worth remembering just who is really under systematic attack here .
Some of the nation 's leading LGBT organizations have have supported WAFST 's case by filing an amicus brief showing in detail that " it is the lesbian and gay community , not its opponents , that continues to suffer serious violence , harassment , and discrimination , along with a 30 - year barrage of ballot petitions aimed at stripping LGBT people and other minority groups of basic protections . "
Summary of Argument
When subjecting a minority group to political attack , a common tactic is to claim that the minority is itself the aggressor from whom protection is required .
Petitioners and certain like - minded groups are engaged in precisely such an effort by here and elsewhere accusing the lesbian and gay community and its supporters of subjecting opponents of legal protections for same - sex couples to a systematic and coordinated " intimidation campaign . "
This tale is false and unsupported by the record .
Because of this case 's procedural posture , as well as the procedural posture in other cases where this narrative has been presented , the Court has not been provided with a complete and accurate presentation of facts so much as a series of one - sided accusations and hearsay never subjected to adversarial testing .
Petitioners and their amici rush to characterize a handful of alleged incidents during the Proposition 8 and Referendum 71 campaigns as representing a systematic victimization crusade .
A closer look reveals but a handful of allegations which , although serious if true , are of the sort endemic to many hard - fought political contests .
A closer look also shows that Petitioners ' and their amici's hyperbolic story of a systematic campaign of " intimidation " and " reprisal " marries these incidents to a pool of trivial grievances and mere discomfort at the zealous but constitutionally protected speech used by some individuals to respond to the attack leveled at lesbians and gay men by the discriminatory initiatives .
Moreover , not a single allegation on which Petitioners rely involves the signing of a petition .
In effect , Petitioners and their supporters are trying to demonize and silence vigorous advocacy in support of equal rights that they disagree with - not protect their own right to speech .
Lesbian and gay individuals continue to face overwhelming violence , harassment , and discrimination .
The petition process is a favored tool for subjecting such individuals to further
discrimination - a tool against which lesbian and gay people , given their small numbers and disadvantages in the ballot initiative process , have few meaningful defenses .
Petitioners seek , through their feint of victimization , to take away one of the few defenses that lesbian and gay individuals have to defend against hostile initiatives : the use of public records to stop the fraudulent qualification of such measures in the first place , and to lobby , through personal advocacy , the people who legislate using such measures .
The Court should decline the invitation to scrap these protections based on a poorly - supported and largely fictitious tale that those who seek to deprive lesbian and gay Americans of rights are the ones being victimized .
Related :
Challenge to Washington 's Public Records
Act to get hearing by USSC
Gary Randall makes puzzling claims about the Doe v. Reed lawsuit Cross- posted to Cross- posted to Pam's House Blend < Why I Hope McKenna Will Keep Up His Lawsuit , Or , .... | 2nd Amendment Foundation And Black Community Agree To Joint Gun March , Rally >
PNW TOPIC HOTLIST
Rep . Eric Massa became something of a conservative hero Monday after he accused Democratic leadership of forcing him to resign because he would n’t support the health care reform bill .
But a highly anticipated interview with the former congressman left Glenn Beck apologizing Tuesday .
In a Sunday radio talk , Massa claimed that he was guilty of using “ salty language ” but that he had done nothing else wrong .
Roll Call reported that the then - congressman had suggested that he should be having sex with a male staffer .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ On New Year ’s Eve , I went to a staff party .
It was actually a wedding for a staff member of mine ; there were over 250 people there .
I was with my wife .
And in fact we had a great time .
She got the stomach flu , ” he said .
Massa explained that he then danced first with the bride , who was not identified , and then with a bridesmaid .
He said multiple cameras recorded the incident .
“ I said goodnight to the bridesmaid , ” Massa continued .
“ I sat down at the table where my whole staff was , all of them by the way bachelors . ”
“ One of them looked at me and as they would do after , I do n’t know , 15 gin and tonics , and goodness only knows how many bottles of champagne , a staff member made an intonation to me that maybe I should be chasing after the bridesmaid and his points were clear and his words were far more colorful than that , ” Massa said .
“ And I grabbed the staff member sitting next to me and said , ‘ Well , what I really ought to be doing is frakking you . ’
And then [ I ] tossled the guy ’s hair and left , went to my room , because I knew the party was getting to a point where it was n’t right for me to be there .
Now was that inappropriate of me ?
Absolutely .
Am I guilty ?
Yes . ”
But a Tuesday report in the Washington Post said that Massa was being investigated for “ groping ” multiple staffers .
The allegations surrounding the former lawmaker date back at least a year , and involve “ a pattern of behavior and physical harassment , ” according to one source .
The new claims of alleged groping contradict statements by Massa , who resigned his office on Monday after it became public that he was the subject of a House ethics committee investigation for possible harassment …
According to two sources familiar with the probe , Massa ’s former deputy chief of staff Ron Hikel provided the information about the staffers ’ allegations to the House ethics committee three weeks ago .
Hikel had earlier sought advice from Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ’s office about brewing internal complaints , the sources said , and had been urged to report the allegations to the committee .
In the same radio address , Massa tried to point the blame for his resignation at Rahm Emanuel and the Democrats .
“ You think that somehow they did n’t come after me to get rid of me because my vote is the deciding vote in the health care bill ? ” Massa said .
“ Then , ladies and gentlemen , you live today in a world that is so innocent as to not understand what ’s going on in Washington , D.C. ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But in Tuesday ’s interview with Glenn Beck , Massa seemed to back off his allegations .
“ I was n’t forced out .
I forced myself out .
I failed .
I did n’t live up to my own codes .
I own this .
I take full and complete responsibility for my misbehavior , ” said Massa .
Beck , apparently expecting Massa to provide details of Democratic corruption , apologized to his viewers .
“ America , I ’m going to shoot straight with you .
I think I ’ve wasted your time .
I think this is the first time I have wasted an hour of your time , and I apologize for that , ” said Beck .
In the same interview , Massa described inappropriate tickle fights that took place while he was living with several of his aides .
Massa agreed that the tickle fights were “ groping ” but said it was non-sexual , according to The New York Times “ I did nothing sexual , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Now they are saying I groped a male staffer , ” he told Mr. Beck .
“ Yeah , I did .
Not only did I grope him .
I tickled him until he could n’t breathe , and then four guys jumped on top of me .
It was my 50th birthday .
It was kill the old guy .
You can take anything out of context . ”
Mr. Massa suggested he had been warned about how his conduct was being perceived .
“ My chief of staff had a conniption and said : ‘ You ca n’t live there ; it ’s not Congressional , ’ ” he said .
Mr. Massa , who is married , explained that he and his aides — “ all bachelors ” — lived together because they could not afford the rents in Washington .
Hours later while talking to Larry King , Massa seemed to take back the groping admission .
“ No , it is not true , period .
I do n’t know how else to answer your question , ” he told King .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Are you gay , ” asked King .
“ Here ’s my answer , I ’m not going to answer that .
In the year 2010 ?
Why do n’t you ask my wife , ask my friends .
Ask the 10,000 sailors I served with in the Navy , ” responded Massa .
“ It insults every gay American .
Why would anyone ask that question ? ” he wondered .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast March 9 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
So long , and thanks for all the fish HOWDY TRUE BELIEVERS .
Or should that be , true bel - cheese - ers ?
OH HO !
He is witty , like man on television !
Okay , I was totally going to update on time except the majority of my weekend was taken up with wedding type stuff .
Not mine , but still wedding type stuff .
Also packing for my awesome TWO WEEK HOLIDAY in which I WILL NOT BE MAKING COMICS , so in a way , I 'm doing you all a public service by getting you all used to it .
See how good I am to you ?
Anyway , I 'll be seeing y'alls after November mostly because I 'll be braving the barren and hostile lands known collectively as " Sydney " and " Melbourne " , famed for their lack of internet connectivity and deadly ladies in bikinis on beaches .
Do not cry for me , for I may already be dead .
IRC cheesite Sqrrl101 presents the following bizarre linkage : Spammers helping AI developers TO GET BIGGER PENISES AMIRITE ?
Ah , I kill me .
Seriously though , hot girls in swimsuits
Document Friday : 1974 CIA Estimate Declared ,
“ We believe that Israel already has produced nuclear weapons . ”
Yesterday , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu abruptly announced that he has decided not attend President Obama ’s Nuclear Security Summit in Washington , sending Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor in his place .
The Washington Post reported this was due to concern over “ Arab criticism of Israel ’s undeclared nuclear arsenal . ”
Attempting to be topical , I ’m reposting this 1974 CIA document in which the Agency declared , “ We believe that Israel already has produced nuclear weapons . ”
The Special National Intelligence Estimate , “ Prospects for Further Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ” was originally obtained and posted by Archive analysts Jeffery Richelson and Bill Burr .
The SNIE was produced after the somewhat unanticipated 1974 Indian “ peaceful nuclear explosion ” and attempted to estimate the future likelihood that “ candidates for the development of nuclear weapons ” ( including Israel , Taiwan , Japan , Argentina , South Africa , and others ) would produce nuclear arsenals .
The CIA stated that it believed Israel had produced nuclear weapons because the Israeli government had acquired “ large quantities of uranium , partly by clandestine means , ” because of its efforts in uranium enrichment , and because it had made “ a large investment in a costly missile system designed to accommodate nuclear warheads . ”
Still , the CIA admitted that an Israeli nuclear arsenal “ cannot be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt . ”
The Agency also wisely projected that Israel would maintain nuclear ambiguity : “ We do not expect the Israelis to provide confirmation of widespread suspicions of their capability , either by nuclear testing or by threats of use , short of a grave threat to the nation ’s existence . ”
It has long been speculated that Israel maintained a nuclear weapons program .
A 1999 Defense Intelligence Agency Report estimated that Israel had 60 to 80 nuclear weapons in 1999 and would have 65 to 85 by 2020 .
Israel , like nuclear - armed India and Pakistan , has not signed the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
In addition to reporting the CIA ’s take on Israel ’s nuclear weapons program , this 1974 SNIE also warned of the further “ spread of nuclear weapons , ” of terrorist theft of weapons or fissile materials , and of the “ acquisition of nuclear weapons by non-governmental entities . ” 35 years later , these threats remain .
Hopefully , President Obama ’s Nuclear Security Summit will make headway confronting them .
A Brisbane father has been jailed for a " vicious attack " on a fellow train passenger who was speaking on a mobile phone while sitting near him .
Welder Popani Fala Tovale , 40 , faced Brisbane District Court this morning to plead guilty to the grievous bodily harm of student Chernor Hadi Bah .
Mr Bah , 20 , was left with a broken jaw , broken left cheekbone and lacerations to his face when Tovale attacked him on a Queensland Rail Citytrain in September last year .
The attack took place shortly after Mr Bah alighted a Beenleigh - bound train at Moorooka , in Brisbane 's south .
When Mr Bah began a phone conversation with his father , Tovale accosted him , saying : " Hey , get off the train , you African .
Why are you talking on your phone .
Get off . "
Is it time for the Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen star to go to Confession ?
Just a week before the Catholic Holy Season of Lent begins , Lindsay appears on the cover of a French fashion magazine posing like Jesus on the cross .
Lindsay is draped in a white gown with her arms outstretched .
The dress is low - cut and suggestive .
The Catholic League calls Lindsay , a former member of the Catholic Church , ' spiritually homeless ' .
The League is requesting an apology from the socialite , calling her out on her belief in karma .
President of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights , Bill Donohue , had a strong reaction to the blasphemous image .
" Not only is the pose inappropriate , the timing is offensive .
" The Lenten season begins this Wednesday .
" Ash Wednesday marks the beginning of the Season of Lent .
It is a season of penance , reflection , and fasting which prepares us for Christ 's Resurrection on Easter Sunday . "
The Catholic Church is taking offense to the suggestive nature of this image and how trivializes this Holy Season .
Britney Spears angered many Catholics a few years ago with the promotional pictures of her Blackout album .
She posed , sitting on the lap of a priest , and seductively posing on a confessional .
These pictures raised eyebrows in the Church immediately .
Bill Donahue had harsh words for this young star as well .
“ This is all the puzzle pieces coming together .
This girl is crashing .
She ’s not even allowed to bring up her own kids because she ’s not responsible enough .
Now we see she ca n’t even entertain .
” DO YOU THINK Lohan should apologize to Christians ?
Extended red band trailer for MacGruber .
R-rated preview shows plenty of never before seen footage with a new emphasis on ( comedic ) gore .
Premier and Speaker in shouting match Long - standing differences come to a head at party meeting
( ANSA ) - Rome , April 22 - Long - standing differences between Premier Silvio Berlusconi and House Speaker Gianfranco Fini came to a head on Thursday when the two founders of the People of Freedom ( PdL ) party blew their top in public .
Speaking in front of nearly 500 delegates and with TV cameras rolling , the premier gave Fini an ultimatum , telling him he should resign as speaker if he wanted to set up his own faction in parliament and take a more active role in politics .
" The speaker of the House should not make political statements .
If you want to do so , then you should quit , " Berlusconi told Fini , who had , until recently , been thought of as his likely successor .
At that point , Fini got up and shouted : " What are you saying ?
Otherwise , what will you do ?
Throw me out ? "
Berlusconi opened the meeting with a call for unity , saying that the PdL had won all elections held in the last two years and did not risk being overtaken by its Northern League ally .
" You ca n't say the party is not run democratically , " said Berlusconi , rebutting long - simmering charges by Fini and his lieutenants that the PdL is run like a " barracks " .
The PdL was officially founded last year by the merging of Fini 's right - wing National Alliance ( AN ) and Berlusconi's Forza Italia ( FI ) , after the two parties ran on a single ticket to win the April 2008 general elections .
The speaker is also fuming over the clout that the Northern League , which snatched two governorships in last month 's regional elections , now wields on the government 's agenda .
Speaking to his followers earlier this week Fini said it was undeniable that the League was " the power player at the moment " .
Addressing delegates , Fini listed his grievances but stressed that he had never questioned Berlusconi 's leadership nor planned to betray him or " row against the government " .
" But it 's childish to sweep the dust under the carpet , " he added , outlining a series of requests .
He said the PdL must stop being a " photocopy of the League " , must allow more room for internal debate and should set up a committee to review planned reforms , including fiscal federalism , one of the League 's pet projects .
Fini 's speech was punctuated by verbal sparring with a very irate Berlusconi who grabbed the microphone several times to interrupt him .
Berlusconi shook hands with the speaker but then took the stage again to tell the assembly : " I thought I was dreaming ... you 've never made these requests before , " referring to a working lunch last week when Fini reportedly only told him he was planning to set up his own faction within the PdL.
He also took issue with several Fini loyalists , guilty in his view of disgracing the PdL during a row with Berlusconi sympathizers on a TV talk show .
After further tit - for - tats with Fini , Berlusconi ended by telling Fini : " your requests are not that important " .
Fini told reporters later he had " no intention of standing down as speaker " .
He had already made clear in a meeting with his followers on Tuesday that he had no plans to leave the party but would demand more say and the right to dissent .
A document supporting Fini 's stance was signed by 36 MPs at the House and 14 senators as well as by an undisclosed number of other MPs unable to attend .
However , a statement issued shortly afterwards by 75 ex-members of AN , including Rome Mayor Gianni Alemanno , Youth Policy Minister Giorgia Meloni and Public Works Minister Altero Matteoli , said there could be no going back on the decision to merge the two parties .
"
We 're firmly convinced that the PdL represents the right and irreversible choice .
We want to further strengthen the PdL by remaining in the party . "
" The party embodies the standards and values of the centre right " and got the majority of votes in general elections in 2008 and the 2009 European and 2010 regional elections , they said .
Nevertheless , they urged the PdL to consider a number of issues raised by Fini and ensure " the utmost democracy within the party and respect for every stance " .
Fini has also made clear that Berlusconi must be allowed to govern till the end of his mandate in 2013 because " that was what Italians decided " at the polls .
But , he said , the PdL " must be strengthened and not weakened " , that it should make moves to respond to the country 's economic needs and spearhead a drive to promote constitutional reforms that should be backed by the centre - left opposition .
Fini has publicly distanced himself from the League and Berlusconi on a number of issues since the centre - right coalition swept to power two years ago .
His recent and more centrist stances on these issues , including voting rights for immigrants and criticism of the government 's reliance on confidence votes to push its bills through parliament , have placed him at loggerheads with many ex-FI MPs as well as the League .
Northern League leader Umberto Bossi has told reporters his party is not ruling out the possibility of one of its men becoming premier should Berlusconi step down at the end of his mandate in 2013 .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has said that the financial regulation reform bill would institutionalize bank bailouts .
The New York Times ‘ Paul Krugman slammed the top- ranking Senate Republican ’s rhetoric Sunday , saying it was “ possibly the most dishonest argument ever made in the history of politics . ”
On Fox News Sunday , McConnell threatened that a Republican filibuster is on the horizon this week because of what he called “ the partisan bill . ”
He insisted that Democrats are unwilling to work with Republicans on reforms of Wall Street .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The fifty billion dollar bailout fund needs to come out , ” insisted McConnell .
“ We need to have a system in there under which the creditors can expect that they ’re going to be treated fairly somewhat similar to the bankruptcy laws and we need to have enhanced capital requirements .
None of that is currently in the bill that the Majority Leader would try to have us take up on Monday , which came out of committee on a strictly party - line vote . ”
Pointing to McConnell ’s distortions of what Democrats intend to do with their bill , Krugman tore apart McConnell ’s political positioning on ABC Sunday morning .
“ Anyone who says we need to be bipartisan should bear in mind that for the last several weeks , Mitch McConnell has been trying to stop reform with possibly the most dishonest argument ever made in the history of politics , which is the claim that having regulation of the banks is actually bailing out the banks , ” Krugman asserted .
“ Basically the argument boiled down to saying that what we really need to do to deal with fires is abolish the fire department , because then people will know that they ca n’t let their building burn . ”
Krugman warned of the misinformed electorate in a blog post Wednesday , adding “ and itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a lack of understanding that the likes of Mitch McConnell are happy to exploit . ”
“ What we are getting in this bill is a way to have graceful failure of big institutions , ” Krugman , a Princeton economist and columnist , explained .
“ We know how to deal with small banks … but we do n’t have a way of dealing with complex , shadow institutions like Lehman or Citigroup and this bill would give you that .
It does n’t deal with ‘ too big ’ but it may deal with the failed banks . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast April 25 , 2010 .
Please select your country : United States Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czechia Czechoslovakia ( 1945 -1992 ) Denmark Dominican Republic East Germany ( 1949 -1990 ) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Kuwait Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. ( 1922-1991 ) Yugoslavia ( 1945 -1992 ) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user ?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
is the sequel to ZZT .
There are five large game boards included with different puzzles and storylines .
There are no promo images for this game
Alternate Titles
" The Super ZZT Saga " -- Startup configuration screen title
" Monster Zoo " -- shareware levels name
Part of the Following Group
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
There are no critic reviews for this game .
Forums
There are currently no topics for this game .
Trivia
Related Web Sites
Download Super ZZT
( Free , legal download of the shareware version of Super ZZT
( Link changed to Wayback Machines archived copy of the file , as the original link is now dead ) )
Super ZZT ( DOS ) on Nov 07 , 2000 wossname ( 209 ) added ( DOS ) on Nov 07 , 2000
This does not include a board editor like in ZZT .
Police secretly photographing 14 million motorists a day and storing images for two years
Police are secretly photographing up to 14 million motorists a day and keeping their details for years , it has emerged .
Images of drivers and their front seat passengers are being captured by a network of cameras and held on a database without their knowledge , a police document has revealed .
Now police chiefs are facing a legal challenge from privacy campaigners , who say that automatic number plate recognition cameras are being used to spy on innocent road users .
Police and the Highways Agency have previously claimed that ANPR cameras on the roads do not transmit images of drivers .
Always watching : Police target vehicles that are shown by the number plate recognition cameras to have incomplete records , or are listed as stolen
Images stored :
The cameras snap 14 m motorists a day and the images are kept for two years
But internal guidelines produced by the National Policing Improvement Agency show that in some areas ANPR ' routinely captures the faces of front - seat occupants ' .
According to the document , the images are held on a database in Hendon , North London , for at least two years - without drivers ' knowledge or permission .
The civil rights group Liberty is now planning to launch a High Court privacy action against police chiefs .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said the database of images had ' no legislative basis ' .
The ANPR network was established in 2006 and is now linked to more than 10,000 CCTV cameras .
It transmits data at five minute intervals to police and motoring agencies .
Officers are alerted if a vehicle is associated with a criminal so that they can track and intercept it .
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said : ' ANPR is a valuable tool to protect us against serious crime and terrorism .
' But you just can't have a database on this scale without proper accountability and safeguards . '
Deputy Chief Constable Simon Byrne , head of the Association of Chief Police Officers ' ANPR user group , said : ' By denying criminals use of the roads , the police will be better able to enforce the law and prevent and detect crime . '
Posted on by storagedepotuk
Everyone wants a convenient store space for the gigabytes of data they acquire .
And want to be able to access from anywhere on the local network and the wider internet .
Thus the hardware is getting increasingly powerful .
High - end NAS boxes for small businesses and large homes are moving from ARM processors to Intel ’s Atom platform , and turning simple file servers into far more capable mini-machines in the process .
A Network Attached Storage drive is more you think than simply a hard drive connected to your network for ease of access .
If you want to make your own server just attach a dedicated server and enjoy the benefits .
Depending upon your estimated expenses you can share media files directly from the drive .
For that you have to set up Bit Torrent connections independent of your PC and then augment your NAS drive further by connecting various USB devices .
Setting up of NAS drives are also very simple as in most cases you plug in the drive to a power socket , connect it to an Ethernet port on your router and then switch it on .
It will automatically appear on your network for ready to use .
For most advanced settings NAS drives come with software .
Alternatively , you can also access the drive ’s configuration tools directly through your web browser by entering its IP address .
Once you are finished with the set up you can connect to your NAS drive using a FTP client or your browser .
NAS has arisen as a powerful , proven technology for storing data that needs to be shared in the office or the home .
NAS devices accredit home and business users to easily share large amounts of data in a cost - effective and efficient manner .
You can get the more information about the NAS Drives at :
http://www.storagedepot.co.uk/
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , Network Attached Storage | Tagged : digital signage , floppy disk drive , NAS Drives , nas hard drive , nas storage drives , Network Attached Storage , Qnap is a NAS drive , Qnap NAS Drives , Qnap NAS Drives for home user , Qnap NAS Drives for SOHO / SME , Qnap TS - 219 , Qnap TS - 219P , Qnap TS - 459 Pro , TS - 459 Pro , USB floppy drive |
Livingston , Wisconsin ( CNN ) --
It 's the end of the day in rural southwest Wisconsin , and the Trocke family wanders through a ditch along a county road , their eyes fixed on the earth .
Dan and Laurie Trocke , and their three kids , are on a mission for fragments of rock that came from about as far away as one can imagine .
" We 're not finding a lot , but that 's beside the point really , " Laurie Trocke says .
" We 're not professionals .
It 's purely for fun . "
It all began the evening of April 14 , when what looked like a giant fireball came crashing through the atmosphere .
" It just lit up the whole sky , " she says .
" You thought it was thunder and lightning , but it just kept going and going and going . "
" It really did n't sound natural , " Dan Trocke adds .
What they were witnessing was a meteor -- and a pretty spectacular one at that .
Watch the video
Michael Farmer , whom the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , Illinois , calls the " world 's top meteorite hunter , " said that as soon as he saw video of the display , he hopped a flight to Wisconsin .
" Most of them do n't make a light show or a sound show , " Farmer said .
" When this one came in , the energy released was like nuclear bomb - type energy .
... [ I knew ] there would be thousands of pieces on the ground . "
By definition , those pieces are what scientists call meteorites : the remnants of the meteor that do n't burn up along the journey and instead make it all the way to the ground .
Farmer headed to the sleepy Wisconsin village of Livingston , which was about to become ground zero for the latest meteorite hunt .
Livingston , with a population of 597 , was the town nearest to where the otherworldly bits were turning up .
Soon , everyone wanted a piece of the action -- from internationally known experts to the locals , like 7 - year - old Jackson McCluskey .
Jackson , along with dozens of other students at Iowa Grant Elementary School in Livingston , learned about the meteors from geologists and meteorite - hunting experts at a school assembly .
Later that day , the kids combed the school grounds for meteorites during recess .
McCluskey found a rock that one of the experts confirmed was a meteorite , weighing 35 grams .
He sold it to a collector , but they would n't say for how much .
On average , prices for pieces of this particular space rock have been set at about $ 10 to $ 20 per gram , according to Farmer .
He added that a meteorite 's worth can vary , depending on the amount of buzz surrounding an event and how much media attention has been devoted to it .
It 's easy to compare it all to a mini gold rush .
Most folks are n't hunting with the mere hopes of winning bragging rights .
Brian Nodolf , who lives on a farm near Livingston , said his wife found a meteorite weighing about 100 grams .
" I 'm told it 's worth maybe a thousand dollars , " Nodolf said .
So far , about two dozen pieces had been found , one expert hunter said .
But there 's no way of knowing for sure , since many do n't announce it when they do find one .
But what do the residents think about the influx of people to their small town ?
They 've welcomed them with open arms -- primarily because it 's a boost to the economy .
Who needs a government stimulus when you 've got money falling from the sky ?
" We 've gotten business we never would have had , " said Tom Brown , village president .
" I mean , who was going to come to Livingston ?
It 's off the map . "
Tim Loeffelholz , owner of The Friendly Place , a local gas station and convenience store , says business is up by about 30 percent since folks started finding meteorites .
" It 's what we needed , a little boost , " Loeffelholz said .
" It 's been great for the town , great for the whole area . "
His store has become a pseudo - trading post , where people looking for or wanting to sell meteorites have put their contact information on signs along the counter .
If and when the Trocke family gets their hands on a meteorite , they say it wo n't be from a want ad .
They 'll do it all on their own .
As 11 - year - old Connor put it , " It 's a sense of pride to find one . "
Candy Crowley actually points out the Republicans hypocrisy on the use of reconciliation and also asks McConnell a question you do n't hear too often which is whether the public might like not being thrown off of insurance rolls or having their payouts capped if the health care bill does get passed .
Of course we do n't get any follow up when he does n't respond to those specifics and trots out the tired lines about tort reform and cuts to Medicare , by which he means Medicare Advantage .
Par for the course all he 's saying is that if the Democrats will just adopt all of Republican 's ideas for " reform " they 'll play nice and work with them .
Yeah , sure you will Mitch .
And even though Crowley asks McConnell if this is all just a political calculation on his part , she does n't ask him why anyone should actually believe that the Republicans would work with the Democrats on anything .
It would really be nice to see these guys knocked off of their talking points and challenged on whether they ’re telling the truth or not , but if it ’s a Republican on any of these Sunday bobble head shows you are n’t going to see it .
Transcript via CNN .
And we laid out a number of different things that we think will make a lot more sense , to go step by step to fix the cost problem .
And also , it 's important to remember , the American people do not want this bill .
They have paid a lot of attention to this issue .
They have focused on it like a laser for months .
The surveys are ...
We -- we had a chance Thursday actually to display some of our brightest , most knowledgeable Republicans .
I thought it was actually very good for us because it certainly refuted the notion that Republicans are not interested in this subject and not knowledgeable about it and do n't have alternatives .
MCCONNELL : I do n't think so , Candy .
I mean , this is a massive overhaul of one - sixth of the economy .
Republicans just do n't believe that half - a- trillion dollars in Medicare cuts and a half - a- trillion dollars in new taxes and possibly higher insurance premiums for all of those on the individual market is the definition of reform .
CROWLEY : Let me start with your ending position after the summit .
And that is , start over again .
Short of that , is there any way the president can reconfigure this bill that would get your support ?
CROWLEY : But if you took -- if you took something like malpractice reform , which you all have really wanted to put in there in a real form rather than just pilot programs here and there , suppose the president said , " Fine , let 's have something meaningful in malpractice reform .
We will put it in this bill , " that 's not enough to win Republican votes ?
I mean , you 're still in the minority .
You can't write the bills .
People voted for Democrats .
Why not just get as much as you can into it and vote for it ?
MCCONNELL : Well , that would be great , but that 's not enough to compensate for this massive government takeover of the -- of the U.S. health care system .
It 's just simply not symmetrical tradeoff , if you will .
That would be a step in the right direction , but I do n't think that that alone is going to get many of our votes .
CROWLEY : So you see a block of ...
MCCONNELL : We think we ought to start over , Candy .
CROWLEY : I know .
I understand .
So you see , since he's not going to start over , it 's done , it 's -- you know , it 's going to come up , all the Republicans are going to vote no on the Senate side ?
MCCONNELL : Yes , I think that 's right .
CROWLEY : OK .
MCCONNELL : And I think they will pursue the -- the parliamentary device called reconciliation , which , in effect , as Senator Byrd , who wrote the budget law and who had something to say about the use of this device within the last year , he said it would be an outrage that must be resisted .
And why did he say that , Candy ?
He said it because you would have an unelected official , the Senate parliamentarian , appointed by the majority , basically determining what American health care is going to look like .
And that 's why Senator Byrd had that severe reaction to using this particular approach on this kind of massive restructuring of American society .
CROWLEY : He did , Senator .
But I just want to -- and I know you 've heard this argument -- I want to point something out to our viewers , and that is , since 1980 , there have been 16 times that reconciliation was used under a Republican - controlled Senate and there were six times under a Democratic - controlled Senate .
So it 's not all that unusual .
The minority always hates it , because it takes away their filibuster power , but these were not just budget issues .
This was welfare reform .
These were the Bush tax cuts .
These were things like that .
And you voted for reconciliation .
So -- so , you know , beyond that , if we could get to the issue of what can you do -- you 're going to vote no , but are their things within the parameters -- that the Democrats seem to be willing to go for reconciliation -- is there something that you all can do in that process to either slow this down or stop it ?
MCCONNELL : Well , let 's talk about the fairness of it .
Just because it 's been used before for lesser issues does n't mean it 's appropriate for this issue .
You had Senator Byrd himself , the president pro tem of the Senate , the former Democratic majority leader , saying within the last year to use this device for something like health care would be an outrage which must be resisted .
That 's a Democrat , Candy .
That 's not Republicans .
There are a number of other Republicans who do not think something of this magnitude ought to be jammed down the throats of a public that does n't want it through this kind of device .
CROWLEY : You heard the speaker say , I think , that she thinks that this is basically in how it 's been sold , that you all have gone out there and sold this as something as a huge government takeover , which it 's not , that you 've talked about how this is going to make the government the doctor .
Do you think that this has been a good sales job on your part ?
And might it just be that , if Americans find after they use whatever process is going to be used to get this passed , they may find that they like not having the insurance companies , for instance , being able to throw them off when they get sick or to say , OK , you 've already gotten as much insurance as you can and you 're capped out .
Are n't Americans going to like that ?
I mean , there are many desperate Americans .
I know you hear them all the time when you go home .
MCCONNELL : Well , many of these insurance reforms we could pass on a bipartisan basis , but you would n't have to cut Medicare by half - a - trillion dollars , levy a half - a- trillion - dollar tax increase , put that on the side , and let 's talk about insurance reform and legal reform , getting rid of junk lawsuits against doctors and hospitals .
Those are the kinds of step - by - step reforms that we 've been -- that we 've been talking about .
And , by the way , on this process of reconciliation , Gallup asked the American people how they felt about it and asked the question in a very balanced way , and the results were just out a couple of days ago .
The American people do not want us to use that kind of parliamentary device to jam this down their throats .
CROWLEY : Can we -- I want to talk about the political calculation here in a second , but I just want to go back to one question , and that is , is there something within reconciliation , which it does appear is going to happen despite the objections of the majority and some Democrats , that it will happen , is there something within that process that you can do ?
MCCONNELL : Well , it wo n't surprise you to know that I would n't want to lay out in advance the various approaches that might be taken to prevent that from happening .
But , you know , I think in Washington they want to portray this as an argument between Democrats and Republicans .
Actually , Candy , this is an argument between the Democrats and the American people .
We know the American people oppose this bill .
They oppose using reconciliation to pass this bill .
So this is really the Democratic majority in , frankly , a kind of arrogant way , saying we 're smarter than you are , Americans , we 're going to give this to you whether you want it or not .
CROWLEY : Given -- you 've mentioned the polls a couple of times .
You know , the news media lives and breathes on polls , and they 're always important , but one of the calculations here , when people are looking at this , the critics of the Republican Party say the reason they 're doing this is they have looked at those polls and they do n't want to give the president a break , they do n't want to move forward for this country because they believe this is an issue that 's going to win them seats in November .
Dissuade me of that .
MCCONNELL : Look , this is not about the president .
This is about America 's health care .
This is not about the -- the Democrats even .
It 's about the American people .
And they have followed this issue , Candy , like no other .
I do n't think that everything we do ought to be poll - driven , but we 've had a six - month , very detailed debate about this issue .
Three hundred million Americans , regardless of age , care about their -- their health .
They have really followed this like no other issue .
They know what 's going on .
They do not want this package .
And the majority is basically saying to the American people , " We 're smarter than you are .
You sort of sit down and shut up and get out of the way , and we 're going to give this to you whether you want it or not . "
Welcome to Xconomy Detroit , a continuing chronicle of what this city is “ becoming . ”
The word “ Detroit ” has always been immersed in meaning far beyond the physical borders of this great and tragic city .
At one time , there was no need to define what one meant by the phrase “ coming out of Detroit . ”
It was synonymous with the very best of American ingenuity and progress .
Time passes , and the D - word is almost an epithet .
Here ’s what I think : “ Detroit ” is a verb .
It is constantly in the process of doing , of becoming , of moving from one state of being to another .
This is true despite what you may hear or read about Detroit ’s historic complacency as a one - industry town .
I have lived in Michigan most of my life .
I know that Detroit is always seeking to become — even within the confines of its now - maligned “ one industry . ”
There is a great deal of “ becoming ” contained within the knowledge , talent , creativity , and sheer willpower of the late , great automotive industry .
Even back in the mid-’80s , when I went to school at Wayne State University in Detroit , there was talk of renaissance , a common buzzword in Detroit .
But it has taken just about my entire adult life for me to actually see the seeds of true renaissance .
A few weeks ago , I went back to my old Wayne State campus — where my father before me attended , as well — and was impressed by the bustle over at TechTown , a business incubator that has seen unbelievable growth just in the past year .
I saw young go - go business types walking with bookish - looking scientists as they toured their new digs together .
With 160 tenants , TechTown is full .
TechTown
Two is just being launched inside , appropriately enough , a shut - down old Cadillac dealership .
There is a hunger here .
It comes out of necessity , certainly , as many talented people find themselves out of work , forced to become instant entrepreneurs .
Hobbies become livelihoods .
Long - held ideas are taken out of drawers and , thanks to incubators like TechTown , have a chance to breathe .
But TechTown is only the beginning of a new narrative for Detroit .
And when I say “ Detroit , ” I am also talking about Northern Ohio and Southeastern Michigan , including Ann Arbor and the University of Michigan , which is placing more emphasis these days on spinning out companies and partnering with industry .
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman has a variation on an old academic mantra .
At U - M , it ’s “ partner or perish ” as the university aggressively pursues business relationships to turn academic ideas into business realities .
Lawrence Molnar , director of U - M ’s Economic Development Administration University Center , recently told a congressional panel that universities are playing a key role in turning local economies around .
It is pretty to say , this idea of a turnaround , but it is hard to convey just how enormous the task is .
Michigan lost about 80,000 manufacturing jobs just in the last year alone .
Unemployment is the highest … Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
David Cameron , the Tory leadership contender , believes the UN should consider legalising drugs and wants hard - core addicts to be provided with legal " shooting galleries " and state - prescribed heroin .
He also supported calls for ecstasy to be downgraded from the class - A status it shares with cocaine and heroin and said it would be " disappointing " if radical options on the law on cannabis were not looked at .
His remarks will shock many Tories MPs who have traditionally taken a hard line on drug possession and use .
The leadership contender said he favoured " fresh thinking and a new approach " towards drugs policy and said " we have to let 1,000 flowers bloom and look at all sort of different treatment models " for heroin addicts .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ann Widdecombe , the former Home Office minister who is supporting Kenneth Clarke for the Tory leadership , criticised Mr Cameron 's views and said that legalising drugs would only encourage use .
" This is a grossly misled view that will have very damaging consequences for society , " she said .
" Most Conservatives would make the case that legalisation is misguided .
If you legalise hard drugs you would effectively be making the state give first - time users their first experience .
" It 's just not an option .
And the World Health Organisation is against it . "
Legalisation campaigners welcomed Mr Cameron 's stance , saying he recognised that current policy , which involved criminalising users , had failed .
" David Cameron deserves our utmost respect and admiration for refusing the ' war on drugs ' rhetoric in calling for a discussion of legalisation with the UN body that oversees global prohibition , " said Danny Kushlick , the director of the Transform Drug Policy Foundation .
He added : " Too many politicians support the status quo because of careerism . "
The Conservative leadership contender voted , when he was a member of the Home Affairs Select Committee , for the UN body on drugs policy to look at whether to legalise and regulate the drugs trade .
He opposed his Tory colleague , Angela Watkinson , who tried to block the call to initiate talks in the UN and voted against her with Labour and Liberal Democrat MPs .
He called on the Government to " initiate a discussion " within the UN about " alternative ways - including the possibility of legalisation and regulation - to tackle the global drugs dilemma " .
In its report on drugs policy , published three years ago , the select committee backed the decision by the then home secretary , David Blunkett , to downgrade cannabis from class B to class C , a decison which is being reviewed after concerns that stronger forms of cannabis , such as skunk , are in more widespread use .
The report also supported creating safe " shooting galleries " for heroin addicts .
A spokesman for Mr Cameron said he was not making the case for legalising drugs but that he supported keeping " an open mind " about dealing with drug abuse .
" Drugs strategy has been failing so it is important politicians can keep an open mind about how to deal with it .
He is n't saying anything should be done .
He is saying options should be considered . "
Leadership contenders ' views
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
DAVID CAMERON
" Politicians attempt to appeal to the lowest common denominator by posturing with tough policies and calling for crackdown after crackdown .
Drugs policy has been failing for decades . "
KEN CLARKE
" The real answer lies not in changing the law but in ... one joined - up policy involving every department and agency - from crop substitution to better drug rehabilitation . "
DAVID DAVIS
" Drugs fuel crime .
The fact that an ecstasy tablet can be bought for less than a can of Coke is a shocking indictment of Labour 's absolute failure to tackle the scourge of drugs . "
SIR MALCOLM RIFKIND
" The move to downgrade cannabis was wrong .
The Government retained possession as a criminal offence but it could not be treated as a crime .
That makes the law look foolish . "
DR LIAM FOX
Declined to comment
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2020 October 1
Solis Lacus : The Eye of Mars
Image Credit & Copyright : Damian Peach
Explanation :
As telescopes around planet Earth watch , Mars is growing brighter in night skies , approaching its 2020 opposition on October 13 .
Mars looks like its watching too in this view of the Red Planet from September 22 .
Mars ' disk is already near its maximum apparent size for earthbound telescopes , less than 1/80th the apparent diameter of a Full Moon .
The seasonally shrinking south polar cap is at the bottom and hazy northern clouds are at the top .
A circular , dark albedo feature , Solis Lacus ( Lake of the Sun ) , is just below and left of disk center .
Surrounded by a light area south of Valles Marineris , Solis Lacus looks like a planet - sized pupil , famously known as The Eye of Mars .
Near the turn of the 20th century , astronomer and avid Mars watcher Percival Lowell associated the Eye of Mars with a conjunction of canals he charted in his drawings of the Red Planet .
Broad , visible changes in the size and shape of the Eye of Mars are now understood from high resolution surface images to be due to dust transported by winds in the thin Martian atmosphere .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Hospital death rates are a controversial measure Death rates are a poor measure of hospital care and should not be used to trigger public inquiries , experts say .
The British Medical Journal analysis argued the figures were a " poor test of quality " and urged inspectors to rely on other measures instead .
It contrasts with the pressure mounting on the Care Quality Commission to pay more attention to death rates produced by Dr Foster , a private research group .
The NHS regulator said death rates was just one part of the armoury .
The two experts in disease monitoring , Professor Richard Lilford , from Birmingham University , and Peter Pronovost , from Johns Hopkins University in the US , criticised the way death rates were used to castigate Stafford Hospital over the past year .
We do not use mortality rates to assess quality of care directly , but we do use them to direct where we need to dig deeper
Care Quality Commission spokeswoman
The trust has been heavily criticised by the NHS regulator , patient groups , MPs and in an independent inquiry for its " appalling care " .
It was widely reported that an extra 400 people may have died as a result of poor standards - a figure which was based on average death rates .
But the experts said the claims were " precarious " .
They concluded death rates were too blunt and were only being " kept alive by well - meaning decision - makers " .
Mortality rates compiled by the likes of Dr Foster calculate whether the number of deaths at any given trust is above what could reasonably be expected once the mix of patients ' ages and severity of disease is taken into account .
The figures are used by the NHS - and in particular the CQC - as a way of monitoring patient safety .
On their own , they do not count towards a hospital 's individual rating .
But the CQC does use them as a way to cross-check whether what a hospital claims about its performance rings true .
In recent months pressure has grown on the CQC to give more emphasis to death rates following concerns about care at a number of trusts .
The regulator - as it has done with demands to pay more attention to them - said it felt it had got the balance right .
A CQC spokeswoman said : " We do not use mortality rates to assess quality of care directly , but we do use them to direct where we need to dig deeper , for example by conducting an inspection or requesting further information . "
Roger Taylor , director of research at Dr Foster , said " high mortality rates should be one signal , along with others , that regulators take note of in deciding whether hospitals need to be investigated " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Patients share their experience with SSRI withdrawal .
RealVideo
( download RealPlayer )
Melissa Hall , 27 , says she was virtually incapacitated by the withdrawal side effects of Paxil .
( ABCNEWS.com )
The RCMP are looking for some essential equipment to help flush out problems at this summer 's G8 summit near Huntsville , Ont. — almost 600 outhouses .
The Mounties want to have 596 porta-potties , each with minimum two - ply toilet paper , distributed around the posh Deerhurst Lodge resort , where leaders of the world 's biggest economies gather for talks June 25 - 26 .
But the single - seaters , which include disposable seat covers , are not for any of the world 's leaders .
Instead , they 're reserved for the thousands of government workers who will need washroom breaks as they prepare for the event throughout June .
In a gesture of conciliation , 10 of the comfort stations have been set aside for the anti-G8 protesters expected to gather in the designated " free speech area " near the meeting site .
The official , cordoned - off location for such protests has not yet been chosen , and RCMP wo n't say how many demonstrators they expect .
Detailed specifications issued Friday by the RCMP say " each portable toilet must have a lockable door with an occupancy signal latch , anti-slip flooring , ventilation near the top , a translucent roof , a stovepipe vent for the holding tank and a hook capable of supporting 20 kg . "
Prospective suppliers have until May 13 to bid on the project , which includes cleaning the privies overnight .
The tender includes 90 handwashing stations , as well as an option for another 200 outhouses for Toronto , where the G20 summit is being held immediately following the G8 talks , on June 26 - 27 .
Some terrain not suitable for Mounties ' horses
The porta - potty notice was issued the same day as another for an unspecified number of " utility terrain vehicles " to handle the rough ground of the Muskoka region around Deerhurst — suggesting not all RCMP security personnel will be mounted on their traditional steeds .
Another notice issued Friday is for two rented passenger aircraft to remain on standby at the airport in Muskoka , Ont. , on June 26 .
They 're needed to transport up to 120 guests of Canada — presumably the G8 leaders or their entourages — to the island airport in Toronto , where they 'll head for the nearby G20 summit venue .
No beverage or meal service is required for the short trip .
A spokesman for Porter Airlines , Brad Cicero , said his company is likely to put in a bid .
Porter already operates from Toronto's Billy Bishop airport , on the Toronto islands , and its fleet of Bombardier Q-400 aircraft are fitted for 70 passengers .
The latest tenders come on the heels of recent requests for dozens of buses to transport about 5,600 personnel in and around G8 and G20 summit facilities , 1,030 private security guards to augment the Mounties , two - way radios and printing and construction work .
An RCMP official defended the flurry of tenders coming less than two months before one of the biggest international events ever hosted by Canada .
" We 're still convinced that we 're going to be able to do what is required of us , " said Sgt. Leo Mombourquette of the integrated security unit based in Barrie , Ont .
" We have no concerns at the moment about the fact we 're two months away …
We 're still in the middle of the planning process and as we move forward and we determine that there are goods that are required , we 're putting out the tenders . "
An estimated 10,000 police are expected to provide security for the G20 meeting in Toronto .
Greece ’s patchwork system of early retirement has contributed to the out - of - control state spending that has led to Europe ’s sovereign debt crisis .
Its pension promises will grow sharply in coming years , and investors can see the country has not set aside enough to cover those costs , making it harder for Greece to borrow at a reasonable rate .
As a consequence of decades of bargains struck between strong unions and weak governments , Greece has promised early retirement to about 700,000 employees , or 14 percent of its work force , giving it an average retirement age of 61 , one of the lowest in Europe .
The law includes dangerous jobs like coal mining and bomb disposal .
But it also covers radio and television presenters , who are thought to be at risk from the bacteria on their microphones , and musicians playing wind instruments , who must contend with gastric reflux as they puff and blow .
And Greece may be an early indicator of troubles to come .
Bigger countries like Germany , France , Spain and Italy have relied for decades on a munificent state financed by a range of stiff taxes to keep the political peace .
Now , governments are being pressed to re-examine their commitments to generous pensions over extended retirements because the downturn has suddenly pushed at least part of these hidden costs to the surface .
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
The situation in the United States is different but also painful .
The government will face its own fiscal reckoning , analysts say , as 78 million baby boomers begin drawing on Social Security and Medicare programs to support them in retirement .
Without some combination of higher taxes , benefit reductions or an increase in the retirement age , both programs will run short of money to make their promised payments within the next few decades .
And many American states are woefully behind on funding their pension obligations for public employees .
A team of researchers at MIT has made significant progress on a technology that could lead to batteries with up to three times the energy density of any battery that currently exists .
Yang Shao - Horn , an MIT associate professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and engineering , says that many groups have been pursuing work on lithium - air batteries , a technology that has great potential for achieving great gains in energy density .
But there has been a lack of understanding of what kinds of electrode materials could promote the electrochemical reactions that take place in these batteries .
Lithium - oxygen ( also known as lithium - air ) batteries are similar in principle to the lithium - ion batteries that now dominate the field of portable electronics and are a leading contender for electric vehicles .
But because lithium - air batteries replace the heavy conventional compounds in such batteries with a carbon - based air electrode and flow of air , the batteries themselves can be much lighter .
That ’s why leading companies , including IBM and General Motors , have committed to major research initiatives on lithium - air technology .
In a paper published this week in the journal Electrochemical and Solid - State Letters , Shao - Horn , along with some of her students and visiting professor Hubert Gasteiger , reported on a study showing that electrodes with gold or platinum as a catalyst show a much higher level of activity and thus a higher efficiency than simple carbon electrodes in these batteries .
In addition , this new work sets the stage for further research that could lead to even better electrode materials , perhaps alloys of gold and platinum or other metals , or metallic oxides , and to less expensive alternatives .
Doctoral student Yi-Chun Lu , lead author of the paper , explains that this team has developed a method for analyzing the activity of different catalysts in the batteries , and now they can build on this research to study a variety of possible materials .
“ We ’ll look at different materials , and look at the trends , ” she says .
“ Such research could allow us to identify the physical parameters that govern the catalyst activity .
Ultimately , we will be able to predict the catalyst behaviors . ”
Why it matters : Lightweight batteries that can deliver lots of energy are crucial for a variety of applications — for example , improving the range of electric cars .
For that reason , even modest increases in a battery ’s energy - density rating — a measure of the amount of energy that can be delivered for a given weight — are important advances .
Next Steps :
One issue to be dealt with in developing a battery system that could be widely commercialized is safety .
Lithium in metallic form , which is used in lithium - air batteries , is highly reactive in the presence of even minuscule amounts of water .
This is not an issue in current lithium - ion batteries because carbon - based materials are used for the negative electrode .
Shao - Horn says the same battery principle can be applied without the need to use metallic lithium ; graphite or some other more stable negative electrode materials could be used instead , she says , leading to a safer system .
A number of issues must be addressed before lithium - air batteries can become a practical commercial product , she says .
The biggest issue is developing a system that keeps its power through a sufficient number of charging and discharging cycles for it to be useful in vehicles or electronic devices .
Researchers also need to look into details of the chemistry of the charging and discharging processes , to see what compounds are produced and where , and how they react with other compounds in the system .
“ We ’re at the very beginning ” of understanding exactly how these reactions occur , Shao - Horn says .
Gholam - Abbas Nazri , a researcher at the GM Research & Development Center in Michigan , calls this research “ interesting and important , ” and says this addresses a significant bottleneck in the development of this technology : the need find an efficient catalyst .
This work is “ in the right direction for further understanding of the role of catalysts , ” and it “ may significantly contribute to the further understanding and future development of lithium - air systems , ” he says .
While some companies working on lithium - air batteries have said they see it as a 10 - year development program , Shao - Horn says it is too early to predict how long it may take to reach commercialization .
“ It ’s a very promising area , but there are many science and engineering challenges to be overcome , ” she says .
“ If it truly demonstrates two to three times the energy density ” of today ’s lithium - ion batteries , she says , the likely first applications will be in portable electronics such as computers and cell phones , which are high - value items , and only later would be applied to vehicles once the costs are reduced .
David Chandler is a writer in the MIT News Office .
This article was originally published by the MIT News Office and was reprinted with permission .
View the original article here .
Manage your voice over projects anywhere
Phones , tablets , or desktops : bodalgo works well and looks brilliant on all devices , helping you to manage your projects anywhere you like .
Share voice over auditions with clients
Casting voice characters on behalf of a client ?
Then you will just love our super comfortable shortlist feature where you can showcase the best voice over talents to your client .
On a seperate web page branded with nothing but your company logo & with no reference to bodalgo in case you prefer not to disclose to your client where you have found all those great voice over talents ...
We ’re in Montréal for UFC 113 and today I watched Mr. Yoshizo Machida , Lyoto ’s father , drink a cup of his own urine .
Yeah .
It ’s as awesome as it sounds .
I do n’t know that I need to explain this video .
Just that Mr. Machida really did just go into the corner and pee behind the UFC ’s scale shipping box and I turned away lest I see something I ’m not supposed to see .
I waited until I heard Ariel greet Mr. Machida upon his return to turn around and quickly steal the shot above for all of AOL Fanhouse ‘s glory .
Yoshizo Machida is game for anything , anytime , yo .
Gotta respect that .
Also , if you did n’t know , Casey and I are on twitter too .
I ’m allelbows and the amazing Casey is ekc ( his name is actually , E . Casey , so pretentious , huh ?
I love it ) .
Stop by and drop us a mention !
The uncertain gender of Baka to Test to Shokanju heroyoshi Hideyoshi Kinoshita has proven a huge hit , inspiring a great deal of art ranging from moe to spectacularly erotic ; a selection is presented below :
More of this confusing goodness on the Channel .
Welcome to IA
Investment Advice was set up to help anyone and everyone have a better relationship with money .
We want to help our readers find great ways to make investments to help them become financially secure .
This means we offer advice on everything from choosing the most economic option when it comes to buying essential items like cars and rent / mortgage advice , to how business owners can maximise their sales .
So if you need any financial tips and advice , feel free to take a look around our site or get in contact with us
Bild.de has broke the news of German police raids of Deutsche Bank and fifty other financial firms over tax - evasion charges .
The investigation involves 150 people suspected of evading VAT charges due in carbon trading schemes .
The taxes avoided add up to € 1 billion , according to Bild .
Bild explains the tax scheme as this :
Dealers in different EU countries buy and sell permits which allow industrial enterprises to release a certain amount of greenhouse gases .
On the sale from dealer A to dealer B across a state border , no VAT is due .
Upon the resale of the permits by dealer B to dealer C within the same country ( i.e. Germany ) , VAT does become owed which dealer C can then claim back from the tax office .
Dealer B owes the authorities 19 per cent in VAT – it does n’t pay , but pockets the 19 per cent and disappears off the market .
For find out real psychic reader for job , bussiness , real state and start your own business .
Metaphysician , Reiki Master / Teacher , Spiritual and Life Coach , Educator and Consultant Owner and Director Holistic Passages Healing Center , Tarot and Psychic readings expert .
~ Why get a Reading ~
Are You At A Crossroad ?
Do You Desire Clarity ?
Maybe You Just want To Understand
~ Through the Vibrational Energy ~
· You can gain insight into hidden factors of a problem , ideas about how to deal with your predicament , and learn that you do n't have to remain " stuck " wherever you are .
· You can find answers to deeper questions that you were n't even aware you wanted answers to .
· You can receive spiritual guidance that will help you on your chosen path .
· You will be empowered to help yourself create a more satisfying and fulfilling life .
~ This is What a My Reading Can do for You ~
.
* ~ Readings Gallery ~ *
Your personal reading is all about the journey of life .
YOUR journey of life .
It can help you better deal with your relationships and life changes , by revealing things about yourself that you have n't even known or realized .
Your reading is the result of over 2 full hours for me , in a combination of meditation , channeling , and use of the Tarot cards and Astrology as tools in your reading .
You may ask specific questions , or let the cards reveal the influences .
Have you ever wondered who you were in a past life ?
Past lives create imprints into our present being .
This reading will focus on the most important past life that is affecting you today .
Past Life readings are a wonderful way to get a better understanding of why you are experiencing some of the obstacles and blocks that you are feeling in your present life .
This is my most requested reading .
Also , the most lengthy and intense reading .
This reading is quite unique also .
It covers the next 12 month period of your life in one reading , and I give you the probabilities and atmosphere of these coming 12 months .
A Forecast , so to speak , of how these months will unfold and what situations and experiences will come up , and any significant people approaching your life .
Life is designed to be a school for the soul , where each of us lives out the lessons we have planned for ourselves in order to become a better person .
Your Soul chooses what lessons it needs to learn in the time between lives , then after you incarnate and are born you set about fulfilling those set of soul lessons you 've chosen for yourself for this particular lifetime .
I will use your natal chart ( astrology ) combined with intuition and informative advice my spirit guides reveal to help you understand where you have been , where you are now , and the direction your soul is currently taking .
I also offer advice on how to overcome difficult karma and create a more fully positive current life for yourself .
We have written two lists in the past which deal with this same subject , so there is a little overlap , but this list is a more general one so it makes sense .
This is a list of books ( fiction and non-fiction ) that have been the subject of great controversy .
10 The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail
The Da Vinci Code almost made it onto this list , but in light of this entry ’s nonfiction status , it must overtake what Dan Brown expressly intended as fiction .
This is the nonfiction book from which Dan Brown got most of his ideas for The Da Vinci Code .
As if that book is n’t controversial enough , Michael Baigent , Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln ( yes , that ’s right , three writers ) , published this book in 1982 in the UK .
It states a case that Jesus was not divine , married and had sex with Mary Magdalene , had children by her , and that these children or their descendants emigrated to Gaul ( France ) , and founded the Merovingian Dynasty , which has two of the most famous Frankish kings , Charles the Hammer , and Charlemagne .
You can see how this might upset a few Christians .
It would n’t have be so bad if the writers actually had some hard facts to back up their case , but they rely almost exclusively on factoids , which are dubious , probably spurious attempts to sound factual .
The Priory of Sion , on which the book heavily relies , did not have the storied history it describes .
The true Priory was founded in 1956 in France , by Pierre Plantard , who deliberately concocted a fictitious history going back to 1099 and the Christian sack of Jerusalem .
The Christians did sack it , but there was no Priory involved .
It also asserts that the Roman Catholic Church has completely corrupted the truth of Judeo - Christian history in order to control people .
You can see how this might upset a few Catholics ( and Jews ) .
9 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
This one makes very frequent appearances on public school banned - book lists throughout the United States , because of its use of the word “ nigger . ”
Mark
Twain wrote it at a time when it was not dangerous to use this word , but today things have changed .
The truth is , in the time of the story , white people called black people “ niggers , ” because that was the most usual word in the nationwide vernacular .
It was not , at that time , so much a pejorative term as now .
But typical PTA meetings at elementary , middle and high schools center on this book as often as they center on sex education , because the horrified parents ca n’t get over the thought of their children reading the word “ nigger ” several hundred times throughout the book .
8 The Book of Mormon
This one is controversial for a specific reason .
At the very end of the Judeo - Christian Bible , in Revelation , there is a verse that reads , “ For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book , If any man shall add unto these things , God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book :
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy , God shall take away his part out of the book of life , and out of the holy city , and from the things which are written in this book . ”
The first half of that quotation is the one Mormons have to sidestep carefully , and they usually do so by saying that it should be interpreted as referring to only the Book of Revelation , not the entire Bible .
If this is accepted , then Joseph Smith ’s Book of Mormon is an acceptable addition to the Bible .
Almost all other Christian denominations argue fiercely that whatever the quoted verses mean , there is no need for an addition to the Bible .
It was already complete before Smith came along .
Their arguments typically center on Smith ’s ( and Brigham Young ’s ) desire for multiple wives .
Smith was not allowed by U. S. law to marry more than one wife , so he invented a new religion and got it accepted into the mainstream in order to marry more than one woman .
Today , the Mormons believe some bizarre things , in terms of fundamental Christianity , namely that God has physical sex with angels , that when a Mormon dies , he or she becomes God in another universe , and that God took care of the ancient Native Americans , perhaps from as long ago as 2,500 BC , in much the same way that he took care of the Israelites .
Also that during the forty days between Resurrection and Ascension , Jesus appeared and preached to the native American tribes .
7 The Catcher in the Rye
Coupled with Huck Finn as a popularly banned book in schools around the United States .
Salinger had a lot of nerve to publish it in 1951 , given its amount of profanity , sexual scenes , general subversive nature , and lots and lots of smoking and drinking .
It was one of the ten most challenged books in 2005 , with furious parents demanding it be removed from their children ’s school curricula .
6 The God Delusion
Atheists champion it , theists denounce it , and there is very little middle ground .
That was Richard Dawkins ’s intent with it .
This is by far his most inflammatory treatise on atheism to date , and his biggest commercial success .
It has sold over 2 million copies .
Dawkins openly attacks religion as a delusion , since there is almost certainly no God , never has been , period .
He goes through a logical process of destroying the idea of a God of any kind , then discusses the nature of morality , whether it requires a religion to work .
The book has so inflamed the debate between atheists and theists that quite a few books have been written promoting it , and even more condemning it .
Dawkins and two others , Sam Harris and Christopher Hitchens , who have also written such books , are referred to by many Christians as an Unholy Trinity , now .
5 If I Did It : Confessions of a Killer
O. J. Simpson should have laid low for a little longer .
It would n’t have made the list had it not actually been printed , but about 400,000 copies have been .
It is difficult to know how many were destroyed , if any , but when it was announced in November 2006 , it started such a controversy that the publisher had to yank it off the press .
In August of the next year , the Goldman family was awarded copyrights for the book , as partial compensation for the lawsuit that Simpson never paid .
Judith Regan , the publisher , is on record stating that she considers the description of Simpson ’s “ hypothetical ” scenario so perfect and pristine that it ’s as good as the actual confession .
The premise of the book is really stupid , given that Simpson swears he did n’t do it .
He puts forth the case that though he did n’t do it , this is how he could have done it .
Not smart .
After his original plans for the book , as a way to make some money , were canceled , the Goldman family acquired the rights and hired a ghostwriter to get it into publication .
Not a bad read , really .
( He did it . )
4 The Prince
Niccolo Machiavelli ’s masterpiece has garnered a rotten reputation over the centuries as advocating tyranny .
Machiavelli argues that the best ruler is the one whose people love him .
Such a ruler is almost impossible to come by .
But a very close second to this is the ruler whose people fear him .
There have been many of those .
The book is more philosophy than politics , and it champions the idea of self - reliance .
But this can easily be taken as “ do n’t help anyone , because they should help themselves . ”
Self - reliance is one of the founding principles of the modern Church of Satan , and that ’s the comparison detractors of this book routinely make .
In general , the detractors loathe it because it appears a very efficient method by which to create a corrupt tyrant .
3 The Communist Manifesto
Karl Marx should have been reprimanded , not for its controversial nature , but for writing the most boring book in history .
His idea came from an observation that all of humanity ’s strife , from the beginning of our history to now , has been over class struggles .
He therefore sought to abolish classes , and establish a system of government in which there are no betters or worses , but only equal people , who all get paid the same amount for whatever their jobs are , from the President to the peon .
They would all get the same kind of food , the same amount , the same kind of car , house , everything .
Unfortunately , it does n’t work that way .
Someone always wants more or better .
Actually , everyone does .
It was seen as the polar opposite of democracy , not because of its philosophy , but because it was seized upon and championed by the Soviet Union , whom the United States deeply abhorred during the Cold War .
2 The Q’uran
A few facts that you may not know .
Muslims believe that the Q’uran is the divine speech of God , revealed through the Archangel Gabriel to Muhammad , from around 610 to 632 AD .
They regard it as the primary miracle to prove that Muhammad is indeed the greatest prophet of all .
Muslims revere Moses and Jesus also , but do not hold that Jesus was divine .
Christians around the world who are not particularly educated about the book consider it the closest thing to the Devil Himself that anyone is likely to see until Armageddon .
Most of these Christians ( and there are other denominations and religions involved in loathing the book ) believe that the Q’uran instructs its followers to strap on dynamite and C - 4 explosives , and go kill infidels ( Jews and Christians ) in order to get to Heaven and be rewarded with 72 dark - haired virgins .
The problem is that the word for these “ virgins ” is “ houri , ” which has many meanings .
It may mean nothing more than angels , meaning that 72 angels will minister to the departed in heaven , and “ minister ” does not necessarily mean sexual intercourse .
Most Muslims believe in these 72 virgins in the same way that most Christians believe that they will be outfitted with harps , wings , and walk on clouds .
But the terrorist organizations , dedicated to hatred of Jews and Christians , indoctrinate their primarily illiterate trainees into believing that their suicides and bombing of said infidels will be the path to Heaven .
There is no such statement anywhere in the Q’uran .
It is quite a peaceful book , advocating understanding and tolerance of the three major Monotheisms .
1 The Holy Bible
No book has been published more , translated more , interpreted or misinterpreted more than the Judeo - Christian Bible .
It has more copies in circulation that any other book , and is present in part or in whole in about 2,400 of the world ’s 6,900 or so languages .
It is the breeding ground for more furious debates than any book in history , and is the go - to book for Christians , atheists , deists , even Jews and Muslims .
If you ’re going to convince a Christian he ’s wrong , you have to use his book to do it .
Atheists , in particular , regard it with extreme hatred , because it depicts God as particularly ruthless , cruel , barbaric ( Old Testament ) and then self - righteous and magical ( New Testament ) .
Logically speaking , they say , the Bible is its own worst enemy , because it appears notoriously ambiguous in places .
It is the center of authority on gay rights issues , gay marriage , abortion , even the very nature of democracy .
The Founding Fathers of the United States used it as their primary template for drafting the Constitution .
Not even the most secular debate on morality can avoid it .
Before the Bible , philosophers typically quoted Aristotle , Plato , Socrates , Confucius , Siddhartha Gautama , etc .
After the Bible , even the most vehemently atheistic philosophers quote the Bible more than any other source of philosophy when attempting to prove or disprove any of its points .
Some even argue that all of the world ’s wars after its dissemination have been caused by it .
Look at this freaking giant tarantula made out of Lego .
Builder Doctor Mobius used a gazillion billion levers ( of all things ! ) to create its freaking hairs and gross me out enough to make me poop Lego bricks .
Advertisement
I hope he has the same nightmares I 'll have tonight .
[ Flickr via Brothers Brick ]
Beer of the month club Craft Beer success has reached epidemic proportions .
Like most U.S. industries in 2009 , alcohol sales slumped overall and the beer companies were not immune .
Major domestic distributors saw a 2 % decline in overall sales ; however , The Great American Beer Club proudly report that independent craft brews boasted another consecutive year of growth despite the economic downturn .
According to the Brewers Association , craft microbrews reported a dollar increase of 10.3 % in 2009 , which was in succession with their flourishing growth of 10.1 % in the previous year .
As amazing as this sounds , this has been the trend as it marks the sixth consecutive year that craft brews have outpaced the rest of the market and the fourth straight year of double - digit sales growth for microbrewed beer .
“ Craft Beer success has reached epidemic proportions . ” – Dan Wandel , SVP Information Resources Inc .
The numbers are quite staggering and considering in January 2010 reported a record month for craft beer sales , The Great American Beer Club has seen a 30 % increase in their Beer of the month club membership base so far this year .
The sift through the 1,500 + U.S. craft breweries and proudly supply beer lovers everywhere with America ’s finest microbrews that are generally only available in the local market where brewed .
With the booming numbers and tangible shift in market share , there is no better time to taste what America ’s independent brewers have to offer and The Great American Beer Club is leading the charge .
Whether it ’s for yourself or a gift for another , a Beer of the month club subscription is a surefire way to see for yourself why craft brews are without a doubt 2010 ’s darling drink .
The Great American Beer of the Month Club is one of America 's longest - running monthly beer clubs .
Since 1994 it 's been their pleasure to share the finest , freshest brews in the land with tens of thousands of people — folks who can appreciate the best that America 's small breweries have to offer .
The finest , freshest brews in the land , direct to your door each month .
###
GE : 7,000 tax returns , $ 0 U.S. tax bill
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Electric filed more than 7,000 income tax returns in hundreds of global jurisdictions last year , but when push came to shove , the company owed the U.S. government a whopping bill of $ 0 .
How 'd it pull off that trick ?
By losing lots of money .
GE had plenty of earnings last year -- just not in the United States .
For tax purposes , the company 's U.S. operations lost $ 408 million , while its international businesses netted a $ 10.8 billion profit .
That left GE ( GE , Fortune 500 ) with no U.S. profit left for Uncle Sam to tax .
Corporations typically face a 35 % federal income tax on their earnings .
Thanks to its deductions and adjustments , GE reported an actual U.S. federal income tax rate of negative 10.5 % .
It got to add a " tax benefit " of $ 1.1 billion back into its reported earnings .
" This is the first time in at least decades that GE has reported negative U.S. pretax income and it reflects the worst economy since the Great Depression , " Anne Eisele , GE 's director of financial communications , said via e-mail .
But what about the $ 10.8 billion profit overseas ?
GE is " indefinitely " deferring income tax payments on those profits , Eisele said .
It may seem like accounting magic , but it 's completely legit .
GE is n't the only " Top 5 " company on this year 's Fortune 500 list that owed no income taxes .
Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , which suffered major losses in 2009 , included a tax benefit of $ 1.9 billion in its annual profit .
" That 's one way of escaping taxes , " said Scott Hodge , president of the Tax Foundation .
" Companies get to deduct their losses , so if there 's no earnings , then they pay no income tax . "
But GE is n't exactly escaping all tax - related pain :
The company paid almost $ 23 billion in taxes to governments around the world from 2000 to 2009 , Eisele said .
Plus , paying the accountants to crank out 7,000 tax returns can't be cheap .
And then there 's all the lawyers needed to defend those returns .
GE filed tax paperwork in more than 250 jurisdictions around the world last year .
" We are under examination or engaged in tax litigation in many of these jurisdictions , " the company dryly notes in its annual report .
GE may not owe the IRS , but it still has to file -- and its filings are epic .
In 2006 , as the IRS ramped up its corporate e-filing program , the tax agency actually issued a celebratory press release when it processed GE 's tax return .
On paper , the return -- the nation 's largest -- would have totaled a massive 24,000 pages .
But instead , the IRS was able to upload the 237 MB document in under an hour .
Reading it , though , is apparently taking a bit longer .
The IRS is currently auditing GE 's tax returns for 2003 - 2007 .
Yes , there is a quantitative aspect to science that should not be denied , but it can be in the service of interesting rather than boring problems .
Ten years after high school , most students are not going to solve a problem with pulleys and levers .
But they still might want to know about the expansion of the universe and about cool things in atomic physics and lasers — which they ’ll find interesting and fun .
Q. “ From Eternity to Here ” is about the physics of time .
Why do you study time ?
A. Because it is a crucial part of how we think about the universe .
It turns out that one of the great mysteries of time — why it has a direction — is really a question about how the early universe was organized .
There ’s something called “ the arrow of time ” and it is simply the direction in which time passes from the past to the future .
There are many ways in which the past and future are different : things become messier toward the future ; we remember yesterday and not tomorrow ; actions we take now affect the future but not the past .
All of those reflect the arrow of time .
Now , the origin of the arrow of time is a mystery .
Based on the laws of thermodynamics , we understand how it works .
But we do n’t understand why there is an arrow .
It comes down to conditions near the Big Bang ; the universe started out highly organized and has been becoming more random and chaotic ever since .
What I said on Colbert was that the universe is like a mechanical toy that started all wound up , and has been winding down for the last 14 billion years .
Q . You write that the nature of time is such that we ca n’t go backward .
A . It ’s likely that we ca n’t do time travel .
But we do n’t know for sure .
The arrow of time comes from the increase of entropy , meaning that the universe started out organized and gets messier as time goes on .
Every way in which the past is different from the future can ultimately be traced to entropy .
The fact that I remember the past and not the future can be traced to the fact that the past has lower entropy .
I think I can make choices that affect the future , but that I ca n’t make choices that affect the past is also because of entropy .
I can choose to have Italian food tonight , but I can not choose to have not had it last night .
But if I travel into the past , all that gets mixed up .
My own personal future becomes part of the universe ’s past .
We ’re not going to make logical sense of that .
So the smart money would bet that it ’s just not possible .
Image PRESENT
Sean Carroll studies , among other things , why time has a direction .
Credit ... Natasha Calzatti for The New York Times
Q. The centerpiece of the recent movie “ Benjamin Button ” and the ABC television series “ Flash Forward ” is the time travel .
How do you rate the science of those entertainments ?
Your Network is Blocking Access
to Keep &Share
Your network appears to be blocking some of Keep & Shares ' domains .
To perform correctly , Keep & Share requires access to all of these domains :
What causes this problem : the network configuration at your workplace , school or ISP is probably ' filtering ' to block access to many web domains including Keep& Shares ' .
What you should do : contact the IT staff for your network and ask them to ' white list ' all of Keepand Share 's domains .
Click here for a help screen on trouble shooting the problem .
Professor Roubini , the New York - based academic who was one of the few to anticipate the scale of the financial crisis , told a panel in California that the buildup of debt is likely to lead to countries defaulting or resorting to inflation to ease the burden on their populations .
Every walk of life has its stars , cough sale there are Hollywood stars , seek rock stars , stars of politics and of peace .
Even technology has its stars .
Most tech savvy people have heard of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates but one name which is less well known but is equally destined to be remembered in the annals of history is Frederick P. Brooks , Jr .
Way back when computers where very large and very specialist , Fred Brooks worked for IBM and was responsible for the writing of the world ’s first big computer program ( in fact it was an operating system ) and the program ended up being late , slow and over budget .
But in the aftermath two important things happened : 1 ) writing computer programs turned into software engineering and 2 ) Fred wrote a book about why it all went wrong .
From this book ( The Mythical Man-Month ) several different software engineering laws emerged known as Brooks laws of which the most famous is that ‘ adding more people to a late project makes it later ’ .
Well now , 35 years later , Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. has written another book , this time not about software but about design .
Design affects all of us .
If design is defined as ‘ make a plan for later execution ’ then we all do it all the time .
From kitchen remodelling to design software , there are lessons to be learnt and used from across the whole spectrum of design disciplines .
Fred ’s new book is 442 delightful pages of insights into design .
Starting with the simple questions about what is design , it moves quickly to look at Collaboration and Telecollaboration and then Design Perspectives .
The later half of the book takes a trip through a series of case studies from kitchen remodelling to the design of an operating system .
The case studies section of the book starts with this great quote : ‘ In retrospect , most of the case studies have a striking common attribute : the boldest design decisions , whoever made them , have accounted for much of the goodness of the outcome .
These bold decisions were due sometimes to vision , sometimes to desperation .
They were always gambles , requiring extra investment in hopes of getting a much better result . ’
Of course the latest craze in the gadget world is the iPad and I could n’t help but think of the iPad ( and in fact several of Apple products ) when I read the quote .
Since Apple announced the device in January there have been lots of naysayers who have mocked the bold design decisions of the iPad .
But those bold design decisions have accounted for much of the goodness in the final products .
It was the same when the iMac was launched , what no floppy ?
Do you use a floppy today ?
Obviously Mr Brook ’s book is n’t for everyone , it is a technical book in many ways , but if you are involved in any kind of design , in any field , then mark my words , this book is an essential read .
The Design of Design : Essays from a Computer Scientist is available from Amazon.co.uk and InformIT for less than £ 20 .
jealous ?
click here to get your website on ehowa.com for as little as $ 5 per day
Scientists have found a 67 million - year - old fossil of a snake coiled around dinosaur eggs and a hatchling .
This is the first evidence of snakes eating dinosaurs .
" It 's a stunning , once - in - a - lifetime find , " said paleontologist Paul Sereno of the University of Chicago , who was not involved in the study .
" We 've caught one of the rarest moments in the fossil record , which is prey and predator , together . "
Geologist Dhanajay Mohabey of the Indian Geological Survey first unearthed the fossil 26 years ago in a rocky , limestone outcropping in the northwestern Indian village of Dholi Dungri .
He thought all the bones at the site were those of dinosaur hatchlings .
But in 2001 , University of Michigan paleontologist Jeff Wilson , took a second look at the fossils .
The team then recognized they had actually found a snake coiled around a broken egg , with a hatchling and two other eggs nearby .
The findings appeared Mar. 1 in Public Library of Science Biology .
The newly discovered species of snake , Sanajeh indicus , measures about 11.5 feet long .
The hatchlings , part of a group called titanosaurs , measured about a foot and a half long .
Titanosaurs were the largest animal to ever walk on land , with adults that could reach up to 100 feet long .
Unlike modern snakes , S. indicus lacked jaw joints that allowed it to open its mouth incredibly wide , so it relied on its large overall body size to prey on the fledgling dinosaurs .
Luckily for the snake , the titanosaur hatchlings had soft skeletons that " may have been somewhat collapsible , so you can fold their ribs up a bit and get them in your mouth , " Wilson said .
It 's likely a slow - rising flood or a storm caused adult titanosaurs to flee , abandoning their nests .
The snake then slithered into the nest .
Once the babies start hatching , they begin to " pop their leg or arm out .
There will be some kind of activity , and the snake is attracted to that .
It will coil itself around the egg , " he said .
" As soon as it came out of the egg , there 's a snake waiting for it . "
Unluckily for the snake , that moment was frozen in time because a landslide buried the site right then , Wilson said .
The team has found three or four other spots at Dholi Dungri where snake fossils were uncovered near dinosaur eggs , Wilson said .
The findings may offer insight into the origin of snakes .
The reptiles first appear in the fossil record around 98 million years ago , Wilson said .
But finding such a complete snake fossil is rare , with only a half - dozen well - preserved specimen from this period .
" A lot of their early origins are uncertain .
More fossils from an early time help put together a picture of snake evolution , " said Wilson .
The fossil find shows some modern animal behavior has very old roots , Sereno said .
" Snakes have been at this eating egg - thing for a hundred million years .
Before birds fell prey to these things , their ancestors did . "
Images : 1 ) Reconstruction of scene , Sculpture by Tyler Keillor and original photography by Ximena Erickson ( image modified by Bonnie Miljour ) .
2 ) Fossil from the site , Wilson et al .
2010 , PLoS Biology 3 . Schematic , Wilson et al.
2010 , PLoS Biology .
Citation : " Predation upon Hatchling Dinosaurs by a New Snake from the Late Cretaceous of India , " / Jeffrey A. Wilson , Dhananjay M. Mohabey , Shanan E. Peters , Jason J. Head / Public Library of Science Biology , Mar. 2010 , Vol. 8 , Issue 3 .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @tiaghose and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Can we close the budget deficit by taxing the rich ?
In my chat yesterday , someone asked if we could really eliminate the budget deficit by taxing the rich .
The answer is no , but we could make it smaller by taxing the rich .
The Wall Street Journal 's David Wessel runs the numbers .
Before we jump in , remember :
The deficit over the next 10 years is projected to be $ 9 trillion .
Start with some rough arithmetic .
The three million or so fortunate taxpayers whom Mr. Obama counts as rich are projected to earn about $ 27.5 trillion from 2010 through 2019 , according to the Tax Policy Center , a Washington think tank , and about $ 23.9 trillion after deductions .
They are projected to pay $ 7.4 trillion in taxes .
That 's 31.1 % of every dollar of taxable income , on average .
To squeeze an additional $ 9 trillion out of these taxpayers would require boosting that to 68.9 % .
And that assumes these taxpayers would n't find tax shelters to hide their income or work less .
There is n't enough money in the over - $ 250,000 crowd to stick them with the $ 9 trillion tab .
And this actually makes taxing the rich look better than it is .
The deficit that people worry about is n't the $ 9 trillion short - term budget deficit .
It 's the mega - trillion long - term deficit .
To put this in context , the 2009 deficit was 53 percent of GDP .
The 2050 deficit is projected to be 350 percent of GDP .
What 's driving this , as you 've heard at length , is health - care costs and demographic changes .
The CBPP has a nice primer if you want to dig into it .
But health - care costs and demographic changes are happening way faster than wage increases .
There 's no tax regime in the world that can keep up indefinitely .
Another way of putting this : I 've heard Tyler Cowen say that he asks conservatives when they 'll support a VAT .
It 's easy ( at least in theory ) to support deep spending cuts in year one and year two and year three and year four , but straight cuts through to year 40 ?
And beyond ?
Eventually , you need revenue .
And I 'd say the same goes for liberals :
You can raise taxes on the rich in year one and year two and year three , but in year 40 ?
Eventually , we 're just going to have to get the growth of health - care costs down .
There 's simply no other way .
Table credit : Wall Street Journal .
A consultancy agency with government and police connections was running an exercise for an unnamed company that revolved around the London Underground being bombed at the exact same times and locations as happened in real life on the morning of July 7th .
ITV News interview with Peter Power , Managing Director of Visor Consultants , and a former Scotland Yard official who worked at one time with the Anti Terrorist Branch .
Video of interview - 2.3 MB WMV download POWER : Today we were running an exercise for a company — bear in mind now that I 'm in the private sector — and we sat everybody down in the city — 1000 people involved in the whole organization — with the crisis team .
And the most peculiar thing was it was we based on a scenario of simultaneous attacks on a underground and mainline station .
So we had to suddenly switch an exercise from fictional to real .
And one of the first things is , get that bureau number , when you have a list of people missing , tell them .
And it took a long time —
INTERVIEWER : Just to get this right , you were actually working today on an exercise that envisioned virtually this scenario ?
POWER : Almost precisely .
I was up to 2 o'clock this morning , because it 's our job , my own company .
Visor Consultants , we specialize in helping people to get their crisis management response , how you jump from slow time thinking to quick time doing .
And we chose a scenario with no assistance , which is based on a terrorist attack because they 've been close to a property occupied by Jewish businessmen there in the city , and there are more American banks in this city than there are in the whole of New York — a logical thing to do .
INTERVIEWER : How extraordinary today must feel for you as it unfolds .
You mentioned a few moments ago there our experience with Irish Republican terrorism .
And of course it was very different was n't it because however perverted their behavior , the IRA believed itself to have some sort of code of honour , and tended to issue some kind of warnings , of course they often came too late to do any good .
The crisis may come from Greece again , perhaps because Pasok leader George Papandreou cannot or will not deliver on the " great sacrifices " he unveiled yesterday , a cut of 16 pc in effective public wages , and a further rise in VAT to 23 pc ; or because the policy of cutting the primary deficit by 10 pc to 12 pc of GDP in three years will tip the country into a death spiral .
Athens said public debt will reach 140 pc by 2014 even after the cuts .
[ / caption ]
Could there be life on Titan ?
If so , one astrobiologist says humans probably could n’t be in the same room with a Titanian and live to tell about it .
“ Hollywood would have problems with these aliens ” said Dr. William Bains .
“ Beam one onto the Starship Enterprise and it would boil and then burst into flames , and the fumes would kill everyone in range .
Even a tiny whiff of its breath would smell unbelievably horrible .
But I think it is all the more interesting for that reason .
Would n’t it be sad if the most alien things we found in the galaxy were just like us , but blue and with tails ? ”
While giving an obvious nod to the recent movie “ Avatar , ” Bains ’ research provides insight to the difficulties we might encounter – beyond cultural – if we ever meet up with alien life .
There could be unintended harmful consequences for one species , or both .
Bains is working to find out just how extreme the chemistry of life can be .
Life on Titan , Saturn ’s largest moon , represents one of the more bizarre scenarios being studied .
While images sent back by the Cassini / Huygens mission might make Titan look Earth - like and maybe even inviting , it has a thick atmosphere of frozen , orange smog .
At ten times our distance from the Sun , it is a frigid place , with a surface temperature of - 180 degrees Celsius .
Water is permanently frozen into ice and the only liquid available is liquid methane and ethane .
So instead of water based - life ( like us ) , life on Titan would likely be based on methane .
“ Life needs a liquid ; even the driest desert plant on Earth needs water for its metabolism to work .
So , if life were to exist on Titan , it must have blood based on liquid methane , not water .
That means its whole chemistry is radically different .
The molecules must be made of a wider variety of elements than we use , but put together in smaller molecules .
It would also be much more chemically reactive , ” said Bains .
Additionally , Bains said a metabolism running in liquid methane would have to be built of smaller molecules than terrestrial biochemistry .
“ Terrestrial life uses about 700 molecules , but to find the right 700 there is reason to suppose that you need to be able to make 10 million or more , ” Bains said .
“ The issue is not how many molecules you can make , but whether you can make the collection you need to assemble a metabolism . ”
Bains said doing such assembling is like trying to find bits of wood in a lumber - yard to make a table .
“ In theory you only need 5 , ” he said .
“ But you may have a lumber - yard full of offcuts and still not find exactly the right five that fit together .
So you need the potential to make many more molecules than you actually need .
Thus the 6 - atom chemicals on Titan would have to include much more diverse bond types and probably more diverse elements , including sulphur and phosphorus in much more diverse and ( to us ) unstable forms , and other elements such as silicon . ”
Energy is another factor that would affect the type of life that could evolve on Titan .
With Sunlight a tenth of a percent as intense on Titan ’s surface as on the surface of Earth , energy is likely to be in short supply .
“ Rapid movement or growth needs a lot of energy , so slow - growing , lichen - like organisms are possible in theory , but velociraptors are pretty much ruled out , ” said Bains .
Whatever life may be on Titan , at least we know there wo n’t be a Jurassic Park .
Bains , whose research is carried out through Rufus Scientific in Cambridge , UK , and MIT in the USA , is presenting his research at the National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow , Scotland on April 13 , 2010 .
Source : RAS NAM
An Acura forum member posted an idiotic screed about his wife 's jealousy of his car , an Acura TL .
His wife found it , hacked his account and used it to divorce him .
Men complaining about their wives on car forums is about as common as old men complaining about kids trampling their yards .
That 's why this particular example , an Acura TL owner on the car forum Acurazine , is particularly egregious and stupid .
In fact , it was so bad , other car - loving members of the forum were forced to remind their brother - in - automotive - arms that his beloved car is just a car , and that his family is more important .
Here 's the ridiculousness :
Do any of you guys have this same problem or is it just me being too into my car ?
I SWEAR SOMETIMES I WISH I WAS SINGLE BUT IT IS NOT ALWAYS BAD AT TIMES SHE CAN BE THE RIDE OR DIE CHICK THAT I NEED AN SHE GAVE ME MY GREATEST LOVE IN LIFE WHICH IS MY BABY GIRL " Elena "
I Love my GIRL and i take care of all of my responsibilities but everytime i save the money to buy something for the car is a problem .
Even when i ask her and tell her what i am going to do in advance and at first she is ok with it then out of no where !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHY YOU GOT THAT SHIT IT DOESNT LOOK GOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHY DOES THE CAR GET ALL THAT ATTENTION AND I DONT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The not - so - happy couple
Ignoring the verbiage for a moment , the use of ALL CAPS alone would be justification in our minds for a backlash from our significant other .
But it 's his " Am I right , fellas ? " attitude that makes his wife 's complete smackdown , using his own account , so epic .
He really had it coming :
Dear Billy ,
This is your " wife " writing .
Please note I am using this term loosely , because at the end of this letter , this will no longer be the case .
First of all , why are you putting our business on the internet ?
I have asked you and told you repeatedly that what happens to us is BETWEEN us .
Clearly , your little plan to gain support backfired .
Most of the people who commented on this thread AGREED WITH ME .
The funny thing , is that they have n't even heard my side of the story .
So , since you insist on insulting me , I must insist on defending myself .
Let 's get a few things clear .
When you are good , you are the greatest man I know .
But ever since our child has been born , you have been nothing but a selfish idiot .
You are not the father of the year , so stop giving people the impression that you take care of her because I do all the work .
She is 8 months old and I have been taking care of her ever since she was born .
True , there was a month that you helped out because I called you a deadbeat dad , and you did take care of her after she was born because I had a C Section , but beyond that , the only time you take care of her is when you absolutely have to .
Otherwise , you would rather pay for a sitter to do the job so you can spend your day online or working on your stupid car .
Which , incidentally , is under my name .
Do n't forget that .
Furthermore , the problem we have is not about the car .
It is about your order of importance .
Every time you have to take the car in for maintenance , I do n't object .
When you need to buy things that the car NEEDS , I do n't object .
But when you want to waste your money on frivolous items when you know we need to spend money on other things , LIKE YOUR CITIZENSHIP SO YOU CAN GET A DAMN JOB !
then I have a problem .
I think your peers would agree with me .
I love you more than any person I have ever loved in my life , but you are impossible to live with .
I am working over 50 hours a week , I am taking 18 credits in school , and I am raising our daughter when I am not doing one or the other .
All you do is work as a bouncer 3 nights a week .
Dude , get real .
Why is it wrong that I want you to spend time with me , with us ?
When did I become a bitch because I want you in our life ?
Being in a relationship means sacrifice .
Contrary to what you wrote , the " $ 13 K worth of sh*t " that is in my closet was acquired BEFORE YOU CAME INTO THE PICTURE .
I got that on my own .
There is a reason why I do n't have any new designer handbags , I have something much more valuable to me : MY DAUGHTER !!!
And , FYI , you are obligated to tell me what you are doing with your time and your money .
I have a right to know where you are in case of emergency .
Your " movements " as you call them are not what matters .
What matters is that I know that you are safe and plan on coming home , because believe it or not I care about what happens to you .
At least , I did .
In the end , I am sorry it came to this .
I am sorry you felt that you had to talk to complete strangers about our problems instead of me .
I am also sorry that this is n't going to work anymore , because I really do love you .
Perhaps next time you should n't leave your AcuraZine account logged on for me to view it .
I have already opened up my own AcuraZine account , so if you delete this post , I will simply repost it under my own .
Hopefully with the next girl , you will have learned your lesson because I am tired of trying to raising you into being a man .
" And I 'm on to the next one .... "
Good Luck ,
Rachel
P.S. Thank you to all that offered support .
These last few months have been very challenging to me and it very endearing to see that I have the support of strangers .
For those of you that have met us , I apologize that you had to see this .
This kind of behavior is not appropriate .
We are not legally married , and he has been given the option many times to leave if he is so unhappy .
I look forward to seeing the replys on this !!!
FYI , if you do catch me on AcuraZine in the future ( as I prefer to spend my free time with my daughter and not the internet ) , you will find me under MDX .
Have to upgrade to a bigger car for the baby and dogs !
And do n't worry about me .
I will be fine .
It is n't the first time the man I relied on showed me that he was unreliable .
Oxford band Supergrass have split up bringing to an end a 17 - year , six - album career .
The Britpop foursome - lead singer Gaz Coombes , keyboardist Rob Coombes , bassist Mick Quinn and drummer Danny Goffey - are famous for songs like Alright , Caught By The Fuzz and Richard III .
They 'll play a selection of " farewell " UK gigs in Glasgow , Manchester and London before their final gig in Paris on 11 June .
In a statement , the band said : " Thanks to everyone who has supported us over the years .
We still love each other but , cliché notwithstanding , musical differences have led to us moving on . "
' Moving on '
After forming in 1993 the quartet released their debut album I Should Coco in 1994 .
In 2004 they celebrated their 10 - year anniversary with a Best Of collection called Supergrass Is 10 .
Their sixth studio album Diamond Hoo Har made it to number 19 in the UK album charts when it was released in 2008 .
The album was recorded by Gaz Coombes and Danny Goffey after Mick Quinn injured his back in a sleep - walking accident .
They spent 2009 working on their seventh album - it is not yet known whether the material will be released .
Most recently , Gaz Coombes and Goffey released a covers album produced by Radiohead collaborator Nigel Godrich with their new project The Hot Rats in January .
Read about Newsbeat 's favourite new bands
So finally I know who had the idea of client side decorations : it ’s Canonical .
Why did n’t I think of it before ?
I have been aware of the fact that GTK wants to do client - side window decorations since it was mentioned on the EWMH mailinglist and I think it is a completely stupid idea which has the potential to destroy one of the most important advantages of the free desktop : a consistent client handling .
For those who do n’t know what client - side window decorations are : the window client , that is the application draws the titlebar instead of the window manager as we have it today .
I will discuss the disadvantages of this approach later in the post .
Up to today I have not found any valid reason why you should even think of client - side window decorations .
Well Mark provides a reason : windicators .
A kind of Statusnotifier inside the application .
As the window decoration cannot do it ( today ) it is the logical consequence to remove decorations .
It would not have been possible to extend an existing framework .
Well to be honest we get request to add arbitrary functionality like a mute button in the decoration about once a month .
And we always say no , because it is not possible as there is no common interface .
With something like a dbus protocol these " windicators " would be possible , not that I ’d think it ’s a good idea .
But apparently Canonical did not think of extending the existing functionality , but to remove the functionality .
There is already one application which uses those client - side - decorations and it ’s called Chromium .
If you want to have an impression on the consequences of client - side decorations , just go through all open KWin bugs and look for the mentioned applications .
I think you will know which one is currently my most loved application from a wm - dev perspective .
So what will we lose due to client - side decorations ?
Consistent behavior between all applications no matter if it is a Qt or a GTK or $ Toolkit application
Window Tabbing ( KWin specific )
Window rules like always show a close button even if the window is not closeable
Accessibility features like big border and button sizes for all windows
Easily changeable window themes
Shadows which are part of the theme ( KWin would not paint shadows for a client - side window - decorated window )
…
In general up to now I always read of the same advantages , like it saves space .
But that is just not true .
The KDE Plasma Netbook
Shell illustrates in a perfect way how we can use space more efficient .
I also have some ideas for Aurorae like decorations on the left / right ( implemented ) and autohiding decorations for maximized windows ( due to upcoming feature freeze probably 4.6 ) .
Also I think that Rekonq is a nice example to show how we can use the limited vertical space in a well thought way .
Yes I agree that statusbars are somewhat useless and outdated , but just look on Rekonq ’s clever behavior for statusbars .
Or think of KDevelop ’s ( congrats to the release , I love your application ) usage of the empty space next to the menu bar .
Of course we have some problems of space wasting , but that is no reason to break with working solutions .
To summarize : client - side - decorations will destroy more than they benefit .
Please devs at Canonical , please think of the consequences .
Please think about the fact that you have to change all applications , please think about that your Upstreams might not like the idea , please think about more than one or two years .
Please have a look on the Microsoft Windows platform and the totally inconsistent window behavior .
Think about how the free desktop could look like if we start to use client - side decorations allowing each program to enlighten us with their preferred idea of window management .
If we get client side decorations , Mac OS will be the last useful system with a consistent behavior and I think we can agree that this is not a nice few .
Please remember that a window manager is called a manager , because he manages the windows .
I do not like to see mistakes fixed ten years ago in the window managers to be present again ( what about a drag delay in moving windows on free space in the new Ubuntu GTK theme ? ) .
As far as I followed the small discussion on the EWMH specific mailinglist , the idea is that the window manager has to announce that client - side - decorations are allowed .
This means that we as KDE have the option to not implement this " feature " so that our desktop will still have a consistent user experience .
It ’s also our chance to raise the concerns again when it is discussed on the mailinglist in more detail ( which has not happened , there has not been any discussion , if we want client side decorations or not ) .
Given that Metacity is developing a new theme engine , I hope that also the GNOME community opposes such ideas .
I also hope that Canonical will start to discuss such ideas with their upstreams .
There has been no discussion about NotifyOSD and their removal of actions .
With the " Panel Indicators " I though that Canonical mastered this part of their history and starts to collaborate .
Now it looks like alea iacta est again , without any chances for the upstream to raise concerns 🙁
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Game piracy chips like R4 cartridges are to blame for a nearly 50 percent drop in European software sales in recent months , Nintendo claims .
R4 " flash carts " allow users to download and play pirated Nintendo DS games , although a report in Japan 's Asahi Shimbun points to a larger issue with " magicom " ( magic computer ) devices that enable users to pirate console software in general .
Nintendo says it loses trillions of yen a year thanks to software piracy , while according to the report , the problem is exacerbated by the fact that the devices are so prevalent that users commonly do n't feel they 're doing anything wrong .
The company reportedly found 238 million occurrences of software piracy during June 2009 alone , simply based on its monitoring of 10 overseas websites that enabled users to download games illegally .
In January , analysts like Wedbush 's Michael Pachter and EEDAR 's Jesse Divnich specifically noted the impact of piracy on Nintendo DS software sales , particularly in Europe , and both analysts felt the increasing losses would be a key figure motivating a hardware redesign .
Nintendo is at work on a new portable , the currently - titled 3DS , although details on the hardware itself are few .
The question of how to print from wireless devices has been thrust once again into the limelight recently thanks to the printing - anemic iPad .
Longtime notebook and mobile device users are quite familiar with the printing conundrum — cables , drivers and all .
Google has announced that it 's looking to address this problem in the form of Cloud Print .
Part of the Chromium and Chromium OS projects , Cloud Print aims to allow any type of application to print to any printer .
This includes Web , desktop , and mobile apps from any kind of device — potentially , this could be used on a BlackBerry , Windows machines , Macs , or even the iPad .
( That is in addition to Google 's own offerings : " Google Chrome OS will use Google Cloud Print for all printing .
There is no print stack and there are no printer drivers on Google Chrome OS ! " says the company . )
The devices would make use of a Web - based API to either communicate directly with cloud - aware printers , or to send signals to a proxy in order to communicate with " legacy " printers .
Google says it 's already developing software for Windows to perform this function , " and will support Mac and Linux later on as well . "
Yes , there are already wireless printers that work over your local network without having to be tethered , but there are downsides to this solution ( I say this as a semi- satisfied owner of one ) .
The biggest hurdle is , of course , the fact that you must actually be on the same network in order to print .
( I can't complete and print an expense report from this coffee shop now that I 'm thinking about it , for example . )
VPN is an option , but that 's an extra step that could be eliminated .
Then there 's the problem we discussed above : my wireless printer only has drivers for real computers .
If I buy concert tickets on my phone or if I compose a document on my iPad , I have to wait till I have access to a computer to print them .
These inconveniences could easily be addressed by cloud - based printing .
Google says that the Cloud Print project is still in the early stages , but , like with its other open source projects , the company has made the existing code and documentation open to the public .
The documentation indicates that , in order to use Google 's Cloud Print , users will have to associate their printers with their Google logins — a detail that might make some privacy advocates squirm .
Still , Google stresses that it expects other companies to develop their own cloud printing solutions , so this is likely only the beginning of a trend .
Colour - blind racial ideology associated with racism , both online and offline
Technology
ani -Staff
By Super Admin
Washington , April 22 ( ANI ) : Colour - blind racial ideology is linked to racism , both online and offline , according to a new American research .
Brendesha Tynes , a professor of educational psychology and of African American studies at University of Illinois , conducted the study which analysed the associations between responses to racial theme party images on social networking sites and a colour - blind racial ideology .
Tynes found that white students and those who rated highly in colour - blind racial attitudes were more likely not to be offended by images from racially themed parties at which attendees dressed and acted as caricatures of racial stereotypes ( for instance , photos of students dressed in blackface make - up attending a " gangsta party " to celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day ) .
Tynes said : " People who reported higher racial color - blind attitudes were more likely to be white , and more likely to condone or not be bothered by racial - theme party images .
" In fact , some even encouraged the photos by adding comments of heir own such as ' Where 's the Colt 45 ? ' or ' Party like a rock tar . ' "
For the study , Tynes showed 217 ethnically diverse college students images from racially themed parties and prompted them to respond as if they were writing on a friend 's Facebook or MySpace page .
Tynes said : " Since so much of campus life is moving online , we tried to mimic the online social network environment as much as we could .
" What we saw were people 's responses almost in real time . "
Fifty - eight percent of African - Americans were unequivocally bothered by the images , compared with only 21 percent of whites .
Forty - one percent were in the bothered - ambivalent group , and 24 percent were in the not bothered - ambivalent group .
In the written response portion of the study , the responses ranged from approval and nonchalance ( " OMG !!
I can't believe you guys would think of that !!!
Horrible ... but kinda funny not gonna lie " ) to mild opprobrium and outrage ( " This is obscenely offensive " ) .
The students were also quizzed about their attitudes toward racial privilege , institutional discrimination and racial issues .
Those who scored higher on the measure were more likely to hold colour - blind racial attitudes , and were more likely to be ambivalent or not bothered by the race party photos .
Respondents low in racial colour - blindness were much more vocal in expressing their displeasure and opposition to these images , and would even go so far as to " de - friend " someone over posting those images , Tynes pointed out .
She said : " If you subscribe to a colour - blind racial ideology , you do n't think that race or racism exists , or that it should exist .
" You are more likely to think that people who talk about race and racism are the ones who perpetuate it .
You think that racial problems are just isolated incidents and that people need to get over it and move on .
You 're also not very likely to support affirmative action , and probably have a lower multi-cultural competence . "
Tynes added : " I wanted to see whether colour - blind racial attitudes played a role in condoning images .
" What we found is that the color - blind ideal commonly socialized and valued among whites may actually be detrimental to race relations on college campuses . "
Tynes ' research also revealed an incongruence of reactions among white students that she 's dubbed " Facebook face . "
Tynes said : " To their friends , they would express mild approval of the party photos or just not discuss race .
" But in private , in a reaction that they thought their friends would n't see , some students would let us know that they thought the image was racist or that it angered them .
We think that it 's because whites have been socialized not to talk about race . "
( ANI )
In the beginning , Rubygems made a decision to allow multiple versions of individual gems in the system repository of gems .
This allowed people to use whatever versions of gems they needed for individual scripts , without having to partition the gems for specific purposes .
This was a nice starting place .
Being able to just install whatever gems into one place and have scripts just work , without having to partition your gems into buckets made Rubygems an extremely pleasant tool to work with .
In my opinion , it was a good decision .
As the ecosystem has matured , and more people build gems with dependencies ( especially loose dependencies , like " rack " , " >= 1.0 " ) , this original sin has introduced the dreaded activation error :
ca n't activate rspec-rails ( = 1.3.2 , runtime ) for [ ] , already activated rspec-rails - 2.0.0.beta.6
This error occurs because of the linear way that gems are " activated " .
For instance , consider the following scenario :
# On your system : thin ( 1.2.7 ) - daemons ( >= 1.0.9 ) - eventmachine ( >= 0.12.6 ) - rack ( >= 1.0.0 ) actionpack ( 2.3.5 ) - activesupport ( = 2.3.5 ) - rack ( ~> 1.0.0 ) rack ( 1.0.0 ) rack ( 1.1.0 ) activesupport ( 2.3.5 ) daemons ( 1.0.9 ) eventmachine ( 0.12.6 )
Quickly glancing at these dependencies , you can see that these two gems are " compatible " .
The gems have the rack dependency in common , and the >= 1.0.0 is compatible with ~> 1.0.0 .
However , there are two ways to require these gems .
First , you could require actionpack first .
require " action_pack " # will result in " activating " ActiveSupport 2.3.5 and Rack 1.0.0 require " thin " # will notice that Rack 1.0.0 is already activated , and satisfies # the >= 1.0.0 requirement , so just activates daemons and eventmachine
Second , you could require thin first .
require " thin " # will result in " activating " Rack 1.1.0 , Daemons 1.0.9 , # and EventMachine 0.12.6 require " action_pack " # will notice that Rack 1.1.0 is already activated , but that # it is incompatible with ~> 1.0.0 .
Therefore , it will emit : # --- # ca n't activate rack ( ~> 1.0.0 , runtime ) for [ " actionpack - 2.3.5 " ] , # already activated rack - 1.1.0 for [ " thin -1.2.7 " ]
In this case , because thin pulled in Rack 1.1 , it becomes impossible to load in actionpack , despite the fact that a potentially valid combination exists .
This problem is fundamental to the approach of supporting different versions of the same gem in the system and activating gems linearly .
In other words , because no single entity ever has the opportunity to examine the entire list of dependencies , the onus is on the user to make sure that the gems requires are ordered correctly .
Sometimes , it means that the user must explicitly require the right version of a child dependency just to make sure that the right versions are loaded .
There are two possible solutions to this problem .
Multiple Named Environments
One solution to this problem is to catch potential conflicts at installation time and ask the user to manage multiple named environments , each with a fully consistent , non-conflicting view of the world .
The best way to implement this looks something like this ( I 'll use a fictitious gemenv command to illustrate ) :
$ gemenv install thin - Installing daemons ( 1.0.10 ) - Installing eventmachine ( 0.12.10 ) - Installing rack ( 1.1.0 ) - Installing thin ( 1.2.7 ) $ gemenv install actionpack -v 2.3.5 - Uninstalling rack ( 1.1.0 ) - Installing rack ( 1.0.1 ) - Installing actionpack ( 2.3.5 ) $ gemenv install rack -v 1.1.0 - rack ( 1.1.0 ) conflicts with actionpack ( 2.3.5 ) - if you want rack ( 1.1.0 ) and actionpack ( 2.3.5 ) you will need a new environment .
$ gemenv create rails3 $ gemenv install actionpack -v 3.0.0.
beta3 - Installing abstract ( 1.0.0 ) - Installing builder ( 2.1.2 ) - Installing i18n ( 0.3.7 ) - Installing memcache - client ( 1.8.2 ) - Installing tzinfo ( 0.3.20 ) - Installing activesupport ( 3.0.0.beta3 ) - Installing activemodel ( 3.0.0.beta3 ) - Installing erubis ( 2.6.5 ) - Installing rack ( 1.1.0 ) - Installing rack - mount ( 0.6.3 ) - Installing rack - test ( 0.5.3 ) - Installing actionpack ( 3.0.0.beta3 ) $ gemenv use default $ ruby -e " puts Rack : : VERSION " 1.0.1 $ gemenv use rails3 $ ruby -e " puts Rack : : VERSION " 1.1.0
Essentially , the single entity with full knowledge of all dependencies is the installer , and the user creates as many environments as he or she needs for the various non-conflicting sets of gems in use .
This works nicely , because it guarantees that once using an environment , all gems available are compatible .
Note that the above command is fictitious , but it bears similarity to rip .
Virtual , Anonymous Environments
Another solution , the one bundler uses , is to allow multiple , conflicting versions of gems to exist in the system repository of packages , but to ensure a lack of conflicts by resolving the dependencies used by individual applications .
First , install conflicting gems .
In this case , Rails 2.3 and Rails 3.0 require different , incompatible versions of Rack ( 1.0.x and 1.1.x ) .
$ gem install rails ... output ... $ gem install rails -v 3.0.0. bet a3 ... output ...
Next , specify which version of Rails to use in your application 's Gemfile :
gem " rails " , " 2.3.5 "
When running script / server in an app using Bundler , Bundler can determine that Rails needs Rack 1.0.x , and pulls in Rack 1.0.1 from the system .
If you had specified gem " rails " , " 3.0.0.beta3 " , bundler would have pulled in Rack 1.1.0 from the system .
In essence , we have the same kind of isolation as the fictitious command above , but instead of manually managing named environments , Bundler creates virtual isolated environments based on the list of gems used in your application .
Why Did We Use Virtual , Anonymous Environments ?
When considering the tradeoffs between these two solutions , we realized that applications already typically have a list ( executable or not ) of its dependencies .
The gem install command already works great for installing dependencies , and introducing a dependency resolution step there feels awkward and out of place .
Additionally , as an application evolves , it 's natural to continue updating its list of gems , keeping a record of the changes as you go .
You could keep a separate named environment for each application , but you 'd probably want to keep a list of the dependencies in the application anyway so that it 's possible to get up and running on a second machine .
In short , since a list of an application 's dependencies makes sense anyway , why burden the end - user with the need to maintain separate named environments and manually install gems .
And once we 're doing this , why not build a toolchain around installing gems and keeping records of not only the top - level installed gems , but the exact versions of all gems used at a given time ?
Why not build in support for " edge " gems on your local machine or in git repositories ?
Why not create workflows for sharing your application with other developers and deploying your application ?
As application and gem developers ourselves , we wanted a tool that managed application 's dependencies across the lifecycle of an application , in the context of an application .
That said , there is absolutely room for experimentation in this space .
Tools that enforce consistency at install time might be extremely appropriate for managing the gems that you use in scripts , but which you do n't share with other machines .
Context matters .
Postscript
We commonly hear something to the effect of " but why add all this complexity ?
Without all these features , bundler could be so much smaller ! " .
The truth is that the bundler code itself is under 2,000 lines of code , and has n't grown a whole lot in the past few major revisions .
The new rpg tool , recently released by the venerable Ryan Tomayko , is also in that range .
The original rip ( currently in the " classic " branch ) was also in that ballpark .
The new rip ( the current master branch ) , may well demonstrate that a fully - featured dependency management system for Ruby can be written in many fewer lines of code .
If so , I 'm excited to see the abstractions that they use to make it so .
But the bottom line is that all of the new package management solutions have done a good job of packing features into a small number of new lines of code , bundler included .
By starting with good abstractions , it 's often possible to add rich new features without having to add a whole lot of new code ( or even by deleting code ! ) .
We 've certainly found that in our journey with bundler .
" Diplomacy has failed , " Sen . Chuck Schumer , D - N.Y. , told AIPAC , " Iran is on the verge of becoming nuclear and we cannot afford that . "
" We have to contemplate the final option , " said Sen . Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , " the use of force to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon . "
War is a " terrible thing , " said Sen. Lindsay Graham , R - S.C. , but " sometimes it is better to go to war than to allow the Holocaust to develop a second time . "
Graham then describes the war we Americans should fight :
" If military force is ever employed , it should be done in a decisive fashion .
The Iran government ’s ability to wage conventional war against its neighbors and our troops in the region should not exist .
They should not have one plane that can fly or one ship that can float . "
Danielle Pletka of the American Enterprise Institute , Neocon Central , writes , " The only questions remaining , one Washington politico tells me , are who starts it , and how it ends . "
As to who starts it , we know the answer .
Tehran has not started a war in memory and is not going to launch a suicide attack on a superpower with thousands of nuclear weapons .
As with Iraq in 2003 , the war will be launched by the United States against a nation that did not attack us — to strip it of weapons it does not have .
But to Graham ’s point , if we are going to start this war , prudence dictates that we destroy Iran ’s ability to fight back .
At a minimum , we would have to use air strikes and cruise missiles to hit a range of targets .
First , Iran ’s nuclear facilities such as the uranium enrichment plant at Natanz , the U.S. - built reactor that makes medical isotopes , the power plant at Bushehr , the centrifuge facility near Qom and the heavy - water plant at Arak .
Our problem here is that the last three are not even operational and all are subject to U.N. inspections .
There are Russians at Bushehr .
And there is no evidence that diversion to a weapons program has taken place .
If Iran has secret plants working on nuclear weapons , why have we not been told where , and demanded that U.N. inspectors be let in ?
Why did 16 U.S. intelligence agencies , three years ago , tell us they did not exist and Iran gave up its drive for a nuclear weapon in 2003 ?
If Iran is on the " verge " of a bomb , as Schumer claims , the entire U.S. intelligence community should be decapitated for incompetence .
This week , in a hyped headline , " CIA : Iran capable of producing nukes , " the Washington Times said that a new CIA report claims , " Iran continues to develop a range of capabilities that could be applied to producing nuclear weapons , if a decision is made to do so . "
Excuse me , but this is mush .
We could say the same of a dozen countries that use nuclear power and study nuclear technology .
But let us continue with Graham ’s blitzkrieg war .
To prevent a counterattack , the United States would have to take out Iran ’s 14 airfields and all its warplanes on the ground .
We would also have to sink every warship and submarine in Iran ’s navy and destroy some 200 missile , patrol , and speedboats operated by the Revolutionary Guard , else they would be dropping mines and mauling our warships .
Also , it would be crucial on day one to hit Iran ’s launch sites and missile plants for , like Saddam in 1991 , Iran would probably attack Israel , to make it an American and Israeli war on an Islamic republic .
Among other critical targets would be the Silkworm anti-ship missile sites on Iran ’s coastline that would menace U.S. warships and oil tankers transiting the Strait of Hormuz .
Any Iranian attack on ships or seeding of mines would likely close the gulf and send world oil prices soaring .
Revolutionary Guard barracks , especially the Quds Force near Iraq , would have to be hit to slow troop movement to and across the border into Iraq to kill U.S. soldiers and civilians .
The same might be necessary against Iranian troops near Afghanistan .
With Iran ’s ally Hezbollah in south Beirut , all U.S. civilians should probably be pulled out of Lebanon before an attack lest they wind up dead or hostages .
And how safe would Americans be in the Gulf region , especially Bahrain , home of the U.S. Fifth Fleet , a predominantly Shi’ite island ?
And whose side would Shi’ite Iraq take ?
Would we have to intern all Iranian nationals in the United States , as we did Germans and Italians in 1941 ?
How many terror attacks on soft targets in the USA could we expect from Iranian and Hezbollah agents in reprisal for our killing thousands of civilians in hundreds of strikes on Iran ?
Before the War Party stampedes us into yet another war , the Senate should find out if Tehran is really on the " verge " of getting a bomb , and why deterrence , which never failed us , cannot succeed with Iran .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Countries should consider imposing a two - pronged tax on banks and other financial firms to pay for bailouts the next time markets tank , the world 's financial body is proposing .
The International Monetary Fund , headed by managing director Dominique Strauss - Kahn of France , right , is advising countries to consider a special tax on financial firms to help pay for future bailouts .
( ( J.Scott Applewhite / Associated Press ) )
In a report to the G20 countries that was obtained by the BBC , the International Monetary Fund recommends a globally co-ordinated flat fee on every big bank , coupled with a tax on profits .
The money would be managed by governments and used to pay for economic rescue measures if the world ever again faces the kind of financial crisis that devastated economies over the last year and a half .
The fee would start off relatively flat , but over time shakier institutions would pay higher amounts .
It would apply to banks , but also hedge funds , insurers and other financial institutions so that a bank could n't wangle out of the tax by reclassifying its activities .
The proposal is the IMF 's response to a request by G20 member countries for ideas on how to reform financial markets to alleviate future economic crises .
The G20 finance ministers will discuss the scheme at a meeting this weekend , and will likely broach it again at their summit in Toronto in June .
The Canadian government has already said it is staunchly opposed to any new tax on banks , while the British government said it welcomes the notion .
Various ideas have emerged for how to make financial firms pay their own way for being bailed out , including a fee on every exchange of currency , and a financial transactions tax on every purchase and sale of stocks , futures and options .
Global coalition wants stronger measures
The IMF 's proposal , while considered radical relative to the organization 's usually conservative stances , only partly satisfies the appeal of a coalition of world leaders , celebrities , economists and philanthropists who are jumping on board a " Robin Hood tax . "
Actor Ben Kingsley , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , the European Parliament and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are among the many high - profile supporters of the measure .
The Robin Hood tax would levy a 0.05 per cent fee on bond , stock , futures and options trades between financial firms , potentially raising $ 650 billion a year worldwide .
The campaign leaders have proposed that every country take half of the earnings from the tax to help their ailing economies recover from the recession .
The other half would be committed to international efforts : one - quarter of the total money for combating climate change , and the rest for helping the poor in Third World countries .
Globally , the tax is small enough to spare financial institutions harm , but would discourage the kind of speculative trading that was partly behind the global crisis , advocates say .
" At a time when people at home and abroad are suffering economic hardship , our politicians should listen to the voice of ordinary voters .
A tiny tax on banks could make a difference to poor people , " Kingsley said .
The international campaign was launched in Britain on Feb. 10 and now involves 106 organizations .
A national campaign was launched Tuesday in Ottawa , with advocates saying the federal government could collect at least $ 700 million a year .
" Revenue from this tiny tax would come from one of the most profitable and undertaxed sectors of our economy : the banks and stockbrokers , who — let 's be frank — can certainly afford it , " said Mark Fried , policy co-ordinator for Oxfam Canada .
" We pay our taxes so all Canadians can have quality public services .
Why should n't the big banks chip in their share ? "
The Canadian Bankers Association quickly dismissed the concept , saying a Robin Hood tax just confuses the issue by mixing up development and climate issues with difficult negotiations to stabilize global finance .
" I think it 's the wrong focus , " said Nancy Hughes Anthony , the association 's president .
" I think this is a distraction from what really needs to happen in terms of financial reform . "
Bhupinder S Sekhon
Institute of Pharmacy and Department of Biotechnology , Punjab College of Technical Education , Jhande , Ludhiana , India
Abstract : Food nanotechnology is an area of emerging interest and opens up a whole universe of new possibilities for the food industry .
The basic categories of nanotechnology applications and functionalities currently in the development of food packaging include : the improvement of plastic materials barriers , the incorporation of active components that can deliver functional attributes beyond those of conventional active packaging , and the sensing and signaling of relevant information .
Nano food packaging materials may extend food life , improve food safety , alert consumers that food is contaminated or spoiled , repair tears in packaging , and even release preservatives to extend the life of the food in the package .
Nanotechnology applications in the food industry can be utilized to detect bacteria in packaging , or produce stronger flavors and color quality , and safety by increasing the barrier properties .
Nanotechnology holds great promise to provide benefits not just within food products but also around food products .
In fact , nanotechnology introduces new chances for innovation in the food industry at immense speed , but uncertainty and health concerns are also emerging .
EU / WE / global legislation for the regulation of nanotechnology in food are meager .
Moreover , current legislation appears unsuitable to nanotechnology specificity .
Keywords : nanotechnology , nanofood , food packaging , nanoparticles , nanoencapsulation
The planet is dying .
Monsters raise themselves out of the ocean monthly .
The skies themselves blacken .
You , and your civilization , have but one choice : amass enough magical power to leap across the starless void , to another , safer planet .
But you 're racing against time – every day the attacks get stronger .
The planet is dying , and it 's taking you with it .
Ludum Dare competition page and voting
Windows ( .zip version available )
Mac OSX ( 10.6 or higher )
Nieuwe Aarde was made for Ludum Dare 17 , a 48 - hour game development competition .
Yeah , that 's right , my normal week - long development process was compressed into two days .
Ouch .
The theme for this event was Islands , and so Islands is what I did !
Nieuwe Aarde was inspired by Desktop Dungeons and Seafarers of Catan , and I feel like I 've made a reasonably coherent little single - player strategy game with a whole pile of tooltips .
Postmortem up in a few days .
Time to start on the next project !
Southern Californian Bree Osbourne , formerly Stanley Chupak , has finally received the news for which she has been waiting : she has been approved for male - to - female sexual reassignment surgery .
But before Margaret , her therapist , will allow her to go through with the surgery scheduled in a week 's time , Bree has to deal with an unresolved problem from her past .
Bree gets a telephone call from a seventeen year old man named Toby Wilkins , who is looking for Stanley , his biological father .
Toby is in a New York jail , having been supporting himself by petty crime and hustling .
Stanley / Bree knew nothing about Toby before the telephone call .
Toby apparently is all alone in the world , with his mother having committed suicide and being estranged from his stepfather in Tennessee .
Masquerading as a Christian social worker , Bree , not telling him either of her true identity or her transgender status , bails Toby out of jail and tells him she will take him to Los Angeles , where Toby has aspirations ... Written by Huggo
A US porn star says she may run as a Republican Senate candidate because the party best represents her " views about sex and money " .
Stormy Daniels , who has won scores of awards for her adult movies , claims she has been a " life - long Democrat " but a recent sex - themed party paid for by the Republican Party changed her allegiances .
Stormy Daniels ... aka Stephanie Clifford
Her statement followed news headlines that the Republican National Committee spent $ US1946 ( $ 2120 ) last month at a sex - themed Hollywood club that features topless dancers and bondage outfits .
" After months of careful deliberation and [ consultation ] as to the true nature of my political affiliation I am ready today to declare that should I seek the office of US Senator from the great state of Louisiana that I will do so as a Republican , " she said in a statement .
For all the women out there , I think it ’s time for you to finally answer the question of whether you like your men to be the rugged masculine type or if you prefer a bit more sensitivity in a metrosexual kind of way .
Manly vs metrosexual - what 's better ?
The metrosexual revolution firmly took its grip on male culture after football player David Beckham infamously wore a sarong in public and kicked off the debate in the 1990s .
In turn , nearly two decades later millions of men have become accustomed to their face moisturizer and herbal scurbs in addition to tight jeans and sometimes even tighter shirts .
In many cases , your typical manly man has disappeared among a generation of younger men .
But could there be a " menaissance " revolution on our heels ?
Well , if a small group of university professors in the United States have their way , there soon will be a new academic discipline called male studies .
“ Males are at a point now where they are experiencing a considerable amount of dismay and uncertainty and males have somewhat been scorned , in principle by females , ” Lionel Tiger told CNN .
Tiger goes on to say that the idea behind a male studies course is to explore the biology behind masculinity and that it was in part created out of a concern that our culture was “ feminizing boys ” .
While you may or may not agree with the theory of feminization , other men are fighting the problem by going retro .
Brett McCay supports the “ retrosexual movement ” and has written “ The Art of Manliness ” which he says men can end the confusion by embracing the tradition of machismo that includes honor and self - reliance .
Here ’s your chance to sound off on this issue .
Do you think men are ready to ditch the metrosexual movement and embrace a more ‘ manly ’ way of life ?
Is there even a problem in the first place ?
Please leave your comments below and let us know where you ’re writing from .
By Jane Wakefield
Technology reporter , BBC News
Net pirates could be cut off from the net under a new law Anti-piracy firm DigiProtect , which has teamed up with UK law firm ACS : Law to send thousands of letters to alleged net pirates , has defended its actions .
It follows widespread condemnation of their methods , which involves mass - mailing alleged file - sharers asking them to pay a fine or face court .
UK consumer magazine Which ? has received complaints from people saying they have been wrongly accused .
DigiProtect told the BBC it is just protecting its rights - holders .
The German - based firm refused to divulge the names of its clients , saying only that they were " musicians or producers " .
It has no UK - based clients although the firm said it was about to start marketing its service in Britain .
The service works by mutual agreement with rights holders .
DigiProtect identifies when its clients ' content is being shared illegally on file - sharing networks .
Armed with IP ( internet protocol ) addresses - which identify the computer used in any copyright infringement - its lawyers can then apply for a court order to get the physical address of a computer from the service provider whose network has been used for the file - sharing .
Wrongly identified A letter is then sent to the alleged pirate , asking them to either pay a one - off fee of around £ 500 per infringement or face court action .
Customers of service provider O2 have been among those targeted and the ISP has condemned attempts to " bully or threaten our customers " , a charge DigiProtect and ACS : Law deny .
" The approach we use is the only proven effective proceeding , " the firm said in an exclusive statement for the BBC .
It admitted that much of the monitoring of file - sharing networks that it does in order to identify illegal content is an " automated process " .
" With the infinite number of products offered on file - sharing networks , no other process would even be possible , this is just another example of the astronomical dimensions that file - sharing has taken on , " it said .
It also conceded that some people may have been wrongly identified .
" In some cases the subscriber is not the rule breaker , but as they own the internet access they are our initial point of contact .
We make an enquiry of them as to how the infringement occurred and progress with the matter in an appropriate way depending on the response given , " it said .
Consumer magazine Which ?
has been contacted by a number of people who say they have been wrongly accused of downloading material .
Some , including pensioners , said they had no idea how to share files .
DigiProtect made no apology to those wrongly accused .
" You have to regard the damages that are caused by illegal file - sharing .
The ones who are traumatised are the content providers , " it said .
Adverse publicity Illegal file - sharing has been a huge problem for music and film industry and a recent industry study , by economics firm TERA Consultants , estimated that the UK 's creative industries experienced losses of £ 1.2bn in 2008 due to piracy .
The Digital Economy Bill has just become law and it allows rights - holders to pursue file - sharers and , in extreme cases , temporarily cut their internet access .
The BPI , which represents the British music industry and lobbied hard to push the bill through parliament , has been keen to distance itself from the methods used by DigiProtect and ACS : Law .
It told the BBC that legal action should be reserved for the worst offenders rather than " widely used as a first response " .
We believe the practice is inherently unfair and unethical
Deborah Prince , Which But DigiProtect defended its method .
" Our rights holder clients prefer the methods we adopt , together with the positive and direct benefits they derive from them , " the statement said .
It added that it " pays the rights holder at least 50 % of the amount that remains after deducting all costs " .
Last week , law firm Tilly , Bailey and Irvine ( TBI ) which had been sending similar letters , said it would end its campaign .
" We have been surprised and disappointed by the amount of adverse publicity that our firm has attracted in relation to this work , " John Hall , managing partner at TBI said in a statement .
" Following discussions with our clients we have reluctantly agreed that we will cease sending out further letters of claim , " it added .
Deborah Prince , head of legal affairs at Which ?
said she was pleased that TBI had decided to stop the practice .
" Hopefully , other law firms thinking of going down a similar route will refrain as we believe the practice is inherently unfair and unethical , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Now that the season is well under way , we have all seen Radio Shack ’s , Team Sky ’s , Team Quick Step ’s and Garmin Transition ’s Service Course ; heck you might have even seen The Service Course , but now it is time to journey into WV Cycling ’s very own Service Course !
Exclusive images of wvcycling ’s home base .
In a totally behind the scenes trip to wvcycling ’s Service Course in Buckhannon , West Virginia , we were shown around the site ’s Appalachian base .
With wvcycling focusing on group rides in five different counties , the Service Course was described by the site as “ standard ” , yet we still discovered plenty of equipment and history when we were given a sneak - peek to the local Service Course of wvcycling .
The well - established base also displays a modest contrast to the comparatively less PRO Service Course of Team Sky , that Cycling News posted an article about earlier this month .
When we arrived on Monday , wvcycling was busy swapping a nine - speed chain for Andrew Dasilva before going on a trail ride .
Carbon fiber race wheels were nonexistent but clinchers were being prepared with UST tires , ready to be fitted .
With the Service Course being split into three areas over 600 sq. ft , it ’s one of the biggest West Virginian Service Course in the sport , while also being home to wvcycling ’s transportation and mechanic ’s trucks .
The huge space is dominated by residential storage space for the multitude of bikes for wvcycling ’s site .
“ It ’s very central within West Virginia ” Andrew Dasilva , the service course owner told us .
“ It ’s close to the highway , the airport and is central in very cycling friendly areas . ”
“ We have about five bikes here now , and four pair of wheels , ” said Dasilva .
“ We hold them here for when the site wants to review bikes .
The riders just tell us what they need .
What you ’re seeing now is probably worth around six thousand Dollars .
At full capacity we can probably store up to ten bikes and necessary equipment . ”
Each rider has his own station where up to five bikes can be stored .
At present Andrew Dasilva ’s station is full , with all of his bikes in storage .
The pit stops are n’t just for bikes though ; the riders also have their own storage area in which all their personal effects are dished out before being taken to events or sent to the riders directly .
Riders are responsible for the transportation and organization of their riding garments and helmets ; here Andrew Dasilva has his supply well covered :
The storage containers in the warehouse are dominated by riding products and food .
Along with typical crates of drinks and bars the team also has its own cereal , chocolate spread , recovery drinks , and snack goods to last at least three days on the road .
WV Cycling is fortunate enough to have sponsorship from leading companies in the industry such as SRAM and Ritchey Components **.
What would a service course be without spare parts ?
Of course , no Service Course would be complete without a workshop area , in which each bike is checked and serviced before it ’s either shipped to a ride or stored .
After receiving le Grand Tour of wvcycling ’s Service Course , we were optimistic for the proliferation of cycling , and cycling friendly cities in the Appalachian regions of America .
** Note – not actually sponsored by Ritchey or SRAM 😦
38.984702 -80.221746
Yousuf v. Samantar is the first human rights suit arising from abuses committed in Somalia under the brutal regime of Siad Barre .
It is currently pending before the Supreme Court , where an odd coalition of defenders has filed briefs on behalf of the defendant , Mohammed Samantar , a prime minister under Barre and an alleged war criminal .
Among his defenders are five pro-Israel organizations — the American Jewish Congress , the Zionist Organization of America , the American Association of Jewish Lawyers And Jurists , Agudath Israel of America , and the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America in Support of Petitioner — each with a professed interest in keeping Samantar out of court .
Allowing the case to proceed , they warn , would set an inviting precedent for Israel ’s detractors in the human rights community , exposing current and former Israeli officials to an avalanche of litigation .
This suit was brought by the Center for Justice and Accountability and pro bono co-counsel Cooley Godward Kronish LLP in 2004 on behalf of five torture survivors : Bashe Abdi Yousuf , a young business man detained , tortured , and kept in solitary confinement for over six years ; Aziz Mohamed Deria , whose father and brother were abducted by officials and never seen again ; John Doe I , whose two brothers were summarily executed by soldiers ; Jane Doe , a university student detained by officials , raped 15 times , and put in solitary confinement for over three years ; and John Doe II , who was imprisoned for his clan affiliation and was shot by a firing squad , but miraculously survived by hiding under other dead bodies .
A strange alliance at the Supreme Court
by Sam Singer
Mohammed Ali Samantar is the only living vestige of the Barre regime , the last government in two decades to exercise central control over Somalia and , not coincidentally , the last that was impudent enough to try .
When Siad Barre was finally overthrown in 1991 , Samantar , who had served as defense minister and prime minister , fled , in a storm of bullets , to Italy .
He eventually made his way to Fairfax , Virginia , where he lived in suburban obscurity until a group of Somali nationals discovered him , hired a lawyer , and sued for damages .
According to his accusers , the Barre regime committed unforgivable acts of violence against them and their families , offenses spanning a range of brutality from arbitrary detention , to torture , rape and extrajudicial killing .
Samantar was allegedly aware of the crimes being perpetrated against civilians and yet failed to stop them .
The suit was dismissed by a federal district court and then reinstated by the US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
It is now pending before the Supreme Court , where a peculiar coalition of defenders is urging reversal .
Among them , to the confusion of some observers , are five prominent pro-Israel organizations , each with a professed interest in keeping Samantar out of court .
In joint amicus briefs , the groups insist that as a former government official , Samantar should be immune from suit .
To hold otherwise , they warn , would violate international law and set an inviting precedent for Israel ’s enemies and their supporters in the human rights community .
The arrival of the Israel lobby adds geopolitical intrigue to a case that already read like a Ludlum thriller .
And because it speaks to real and immediate consequences , it lends concreteness to a discussion that would have otherwise carried on in the abstract .
It is one thing for a lawyer to appeal to legal authority for the proposition that the courts of one nation ought not sit in judgment of the acts of another ; it is quite another for five groups purporting to represent the interests of the Israeli government to advise that doing so in this case would be to declare open season on Israeli officials in US courts .
It is not without some irony that organizations claiming to represent Israel , a state conceived in the wake of unprecedented state - sponsored violence , find their wagon hitched to the cause of an alleged war criminal .
Nor does the position square , at least not at first glance , with less expansive interpretations of sovereign immunity advanced by the lobby ’s constituents in the past .
Just this year , Israeli victims of rocket fire on the Lebanese border sued the Iranian government , by way of its central banks , on the theory that it provided material support to Hezbollah , the source of the rockets .
Last December , a pro-Israel group in Europe sued leaders of Hamas in a Belgium court , invoking what it described as the court ’s “ universal ” jurisdiction over cases arising from war crimes .
In both cases , sovereign immunity was an obstacle standing between Israeli interests and a favorable judgment ; here , in Samantar ’s case , supporters of Israel invoke it as a shield .
In fact , Israel is far more likely to find itself on the receiving end of a human rights suit .
According to one report , nearly 1,000 suits have been filed globally against Israeli officials and military personnel alleging war crimes and other abuses .
The defense ministry expects some 1,500 more will follow , many stemming from military operations in the coastal territories , but also some taking aim at the less violent aspects of Israeli anti-terror strategy , including one suit describing the security fence as a “ crime against humanity . ”
An Israeli newspaper published a “ wanted ” list of current and former officials who are among the common named defendants .
The list , which was republished in briefs to the Court , reads like a who ’s who in Israeli political and military history .
The forums for these suits vary , but they commonly feature developed Western countries that have lowered the drawbridge for human rights litigants .
Steering many of the cases are nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) , some based in the Middle East with ties to the Palestinian government , others based in the West and backed by the likes of the Center for Constitutional Rights and George Soros ’s Open Society Institute .
In these suits supporters of Israel see pretext .
They describe a more sinister objective , a coordinated effort to bring Israeli officials into federal courtrooms .
The idea is to delegitimize Israel , but not before dragging officials through an invasive and costly discovery process .
Do it enough and Israeli officials will start thinking twice before traveling to the United States , or , worse yet , before assuming roles that could expose them to suit .
Defense experts believe the strategy fits the definition of “ lawfare , ” think - tank speak for the use of legal methods to achieve military goals .
In the immediate term , the briefs warn , relations between the US and Israel will suffer .
Like any partnership , the US / Israeli alliance benefits from a rich and ongoing exchange of people and ideas .
For the exchange to thrive , current and former Israeli officials must be able to travel to and within the United States without fear of being served with a lawsuit .
By way of illustration , the American Jewish Congress recounts the story of Moshe Ya’alon , a retired Israeli general who was recently summoned to court upon arriving in Washington , D.C. for a think tank forum .
The complaint , which sought damages for civilian deaths resulting from a battle on the Lebanese border between Israel and Hezbollah , was perfunctory .
With respect to Ya’alon , it alleged only that he served in the army chain - of - command during the relevant period .
The district court dismissed the case on jurisdictional grounds and the D.C. Circuit affirmed , concluding that the immunity of a foreign state extends to its former officials .
Ya ’alon never had to step foot in a courtroom .
Now suppose that instead of Washington , he had been served with the suit 15 minutes away , in Arlington , Virginia .
In that event the dismissal of his suit would have been appealed to the Fourth Circuit , which , as we learned in Samantar ’s case , does not share the D.C. Circuit ’s view on official immunity .
In other words , had Ya’alon booked a hotel across the river , he might well still be there today .
A Statutory Nightmare
Naturally , US - Israeli relations did n’t figure into the Supreme Court ’s questioning at oral arguments .
The justices had assembled to resolve a disagreement among the federal circuit courts over whether sovereign immunity extends to officials .
Accordingly , they trained their focus on Samantar and his theory of the case , which rests on the off - stated maxim that one equal has no dominion over another equal .
That this saying , which encapsulates the principle of sovereign immunity , is most commonly recited in Latin suggests something about its vintage .
It is as close to a truism as a proposition can come in a foggy discipline like international law , and it is an animating principle of the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act ( FSIA ) .
That law changed the way US courts process suits against foreign governments .
Before 1976 , a court needed the go - ahead from the State Department before docketing such cases .
When this approach proved unwieldy , Congress vested gate - keeping authority in the federal courts and then cabined it by stripping them of jurisdiction over suits against foreign states that do n’t fit within a narrow set of exceptions .
Until recently it was generally accepted that these same protections applied to foreign officials .
After all , a suit against a foreign official acting on behalf of a state is effectively a suit against the state .
True , the caption may list the Minister of Defense rather than the Ministry of Defense , and the plaintiff may have his sights set on a personal bank account rather than the national treasury , but in either case the court is sitting in judgment of the state ’s actions .
It has intuitive appeal , this idea .
It also has the support of the majority of the federal circuits .
But as the Fourth Circuit pointed out below , the argument is without support in the one place it needs it most –the text of the FSIA .
FSIA extends sovereign immunity to “ foreign states ” as well as their “ agencies and instrumentalities ” , but it remains conspicuously silent on the matter of foreign officials .
For supporters of broad immunity , this omission is proof that the identity of interests between a foreign sovereign and its officials is self - evident .
Congress , they argue , had no reason to split hairs , to try to distinguish the indistinguishable .
Opponents , who harbor a less attenuated view , insist that if Congress wanted to extend immunity to foreign officials , it would have said so .
The theory that foreign officials are immune from suit encounters an more mystifying problem in the Torture Victim Protection Act ( TVPA ) , a federal law that permits victims of state - sponsored torture to bring suit in the United States against culpable foreign officials .
The TVPA is one of the statutes supplying the cause of action in the suit against Samantar , but that ’s not why it ’s important .
Rather , as Justice Kennedy pointed out during oral arguments , the text of the TVPA appears to make a mockery of the proposition that foreign officials are never amenable to suit in U.S courts .
To read the law any other way would be to watch it evaporate , an entire congressional enactment rendered useless , leaving torture victims a right without a remedy .
The Court , Justice Kennedy reminds , is not in the business of reading entire statutes out of existence .
Supporters of immunity for foreign officials counter that allowing the case to proceed against Samantar would be just as devastating for FSIA .
As a preoccupation of Justice Breyer ’s , this argument soaked up a fair amount of the Court ’s time .
The consensus is that opening officials to suit would allow litigants to undermine the intent of the FSIA without actually violating it .
In Ya’alon ’s case , instead of suing the Ministry of Defense , a lawyer with his wits about him would simply name Ya’alon , the former head of army intelligence , and the suit would survive .
“ What you are saying , ” Breyer concluded , “ is that FSIA is only good against a bad lawyer . ”
Hedging , counsel for the plaintiffs reminded the Court that jurisdiction is not the only hurdle between a foreign official and liability .
Once a plaintiff establishes jurisdiction , there are other age - old immunity doctrines that shield foreign officials from suit .
There is the head of state doctrine , for instance , which protects current and former leaders from prosecution and civil liability , or the doctrine of diplomatic immunity , a similar , if more controversial , safeguard for diplomats and their staff .
But there is no small difference between immunity from suit and immunity from liability .
To have the former without the latter is to have comfort without convenience ; it is , so to speak , the difference between putting up and showing up .
The Supreme Court is thus left to choose between two seemingly impossible outcomes .
Extend sovereign immunity to foreign officials and the Torture Victim Protection Act is gutted , along with U.S. credibility in the human rights community .
Expose them to suit and make hash of one of the core objectives of the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act — saving key allies the expense and embarrassment of defending national security decisions in US courts .
To the extent possible , courts generally try to read conflicting statutes in a way that gives effect to both .
But even with so much hanging in the balance , coexistence between the TVPA and the FSIA appears impossible .
Unimpressed and evidently undecided , the justices took the case under advisement .
Sam Singer is a 2009 graduate of Emory Law School and a Staff Law Clerk for the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit .
His commentaries on law and politics have appeared in various publications , including The Beachwood Reporter and Culturekiosque.com .
He has also reported and written articles for The Chicago Tribune and Market News International .
This is a cross-post from War in Context .
As a protest to American consumerism , NYC artist Jeremy Dean converted a Hummer H2 into a horse - drawn carriage " to show just how screwed and unsustainable the auto industry has become . "
Dean believes the gas guzzling SUV is the epitome of everything that is wrong with American consumerism .
Whatever your political opinion may be , Dean 's conversion is pretty striking .
Via Daily Mail ,
" 'I came up with the idea during the global economic meltdown , ' Mr Dean said .
' I thought these hummers are the pinnacle of consumerism and a powerful status symbol , so what will happen when they are no longer sustainable ?'
It took Mr Dean and a team of mechanics six weeks to ' decimate ' the Hummer H2 and turn it into an engine - less carriage .
The project - called Back To The Futurama - made its public debut in New York 's Central Park last month , where the hefty 1,800 lb cart was pulled by two white horses named Diesel and Dean . "
モテフィットで、誰にでも自慢できる理想のバストを手に入れませんか？
モテフィットは ブラを付けるだけ！ あとは、いつもの生活をするだけでバストアップ効果を実感できますよ！ 解説
「 ブラを付けるだけ 」 というのが カンタンで嬉しい ですね ♪
購入するな ら ” 最安値 ” で！ 解説 【注意】 他のサイトでは、モテフィットを ９ ,980 円 という 定価そのままの金額 で売っていることが多いので注意してください！！！ モテフィットを最安 値( 5,980円 ) で購入する せっかくモテフィットを購入するなら最安値で♪
飲んでいる人の口コミは？
解説 モテフィットを実際に使った人の 喜びの声 がぞくぞくと届いています！ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
なぜ？胸が小さい原因は？
ブラを付けるだけ♪モテフィットのバストアップ効果がすごい!!
解説 モテフィットなら、付けるだけで 健康的に 女性らしいキレイなスタイル になっていき、 どんどんバストアップ することができます♪ 解説 人気が高く 「 売り切れて買えなかった！ 」 という声があるほど 、 高い支持 を得ています♪ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
モテフィットのバストアップ効果は医学的にも認められています！
モテフィット はSNSでも話題沸騰中！
サプリのように副作用の心配は一切なし！
解説 バストアップサプリは、ホルモンバランスを乱すことで人体に危険な成分が入っていますが、モテフィットなら 副作用の心配 もありません！ バストアップサプリは、国が規制に入るほど問題になりましたよね…怖くて飲めないです…。 解説 モテフィットなら、付けるだけで 安全に胸を大きく できますよ♪ 出典：日本医師会 、 厚生労働省 ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
プライバシーに配慮して配送してくれる♪
モテフィットのよくある質問
モテフィットに寄せられる よくある質問 をまとめました！ 解説 モテフィットは 伸縮素材を採用 しているため、 サイズフリー です！（バストアップ後でも使える◎） 解説 ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
どこで買うのがお得なの？
Amazon Amazon 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 楽天市場 楽天市場 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 店舗 店舗 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 公式サイト 公式サイト 5,980 円・送料無 料
［注意 ］Amazonや楽天では、まれにフリマなどからの出品もあるようです。しかし、出品者が不明であるため、賞味期限が切れていたり、やり取りや梱包などでトラブルが見られるので、正直おすすめできません！
モテフィットで、誰にでも自慢できる" 理想のバスト " を手に入れませんか？ ♡
モテフィットの公式サイトはこちら
→https://kireinowa.com/
モテフィットを使いはじめた理由・きっかけ
まずは、私がモテフィットを使いはじめた理由・きっかけから紹介したいと思います！
女性ならではの悩みは、きっと私だけじゃないはず！
そんな方に少しでも参考になればいいなと思います。
自己紹介
私がモテフィットを使いはじめたのは、胸が小さいというのがずっとコンプレックスだったからです。
特に夏場は露出が多めになるということもあって、ぺったんこな胸が露骨になっちゃうんですよね…。
やっぱり、メリハリのあるボディって凄く魅力的じゃないですか。
胸がすべてとは思わないけど、でもやっぱりあるとないとじゃ見た目も結構変わってくると思うんです。
私の場合は胸がある姿が理想の姿だったので、少しでも大きくしたいというのが長年の悩みでした。
でも、胸ってそんな簡単には大きくなりません。
胸に良い食べ物（鶏肉など）を食べたり、バストマッサージをしてもなかなか効果は出ず…。
しかもちょっとダイエットしようものなら、小さい胸が更に小さくなったりして…本当に理不尽な思いばっかりしてきた過去もあります。
… ここまでくると、もう胸は諦めるしかないのかな。
正直、私自身もう半分諦めていた部分もあったのも事実です。
そんな時、私にアドバイスしてくれたのが友達でした。
「 モテフィットが良いらしいよ！ 」
その時の私は、モテフィットという存在すら知らなかったんです。
モテフィットとの出会 い
これが、私がモテフィットとの出会いでした。
友達もモテフィットを愛用しているらしく、モテフィットを使うようになってからバストアップに成功したとのこと！
すぐさま興味をもった私は、そこからモテフィットについての情報を聞きまくったんです。
なぜモテフィットを購入したの？
モテフィットについて聞きまくった結果、私もついにモテフィットデビューすることに…！
そこでここでは、私がモテフィットを購入した決め手をいくつか紹介したいと思います！
まずは、簡単にバストアップができるというところですね。
食事メニューを変えたり、バストマッサージをするわけではなく、モテフィットはただ身に着けているだけ！
日中はもちろん、ジムや寝ている間でもずっと着けていられるといった面も魅力的でした。
ブラッて着けるだけで凄く疲れるし、ゆっくりできない感じもあって家ではあんまりつけたくないな…そんな風に思う方もきっと少なくないはず。
でもモテフィットは、すごく自然な着け心地でまったくストレスがないんです！
優秀な伸縮素材 のSPANDEXを採用しているので、胸に負担をかけることなくフィットしてくれるんですね。
業界初 のExtraフィットアジャスターになっているから、サイズ調整もしやすいところもポイント！
背中や脇に流れてしまいがちなお肉を胸に寄せて入れておくだけで、自然とバストアップに繋がるんです。
モテフィット独自の特殊構造なので、寝ている間も横に流れないし、激しく動いてもズレないんです。
これなら自然とバストアップになりますし、しかも形も凄くキレイにキープ！
バストアップするだけではなく美胸にもレベルアップできるなんて聞けば、もう購入するしか私には選択肢がありませんでした（笑）
しかもあの、てんちむがプロデュースと聞いてビックリ！
てんちむも急に胸が大きくなったイメージがあったので、そんな人がプロデュースしてるなら信頼できるんじゃないかと思いまして…。
しかも公式通販サイトで購入すれば割引もあるとのことだったので、ほぼ即決で購入を決めたんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットを実際に使ってみた体験談・レビュー
ここからは、実際に私がモテフィットを使ってみた体験談をレビューとして紹介したいと思います！
しっかり半年間使ってみた記録を、是非チェックしてみて下さい。
モテフィットの体験談：翌日の変化
モテフィットを使った翌日は、その使用感にただただビックリでした。
普段の私は寝る前には絶対にブラを取って寝るので、違和感がないかすごく心配でしたがまったくその必要はありません！
本当にナチュラルに胸に肌に馴染んでくれます！
フィットして動かないのに、着けてる違和感というか嫌悪感がまったくないんです。
すごく自然に胸を守ってくれる感じ。
こんなブラは初めてなので、衝撃でしたね。
モテフィットの体験談：3日後の変化
モテフィットを使って3日後、とても気持ちよく1日中着けられると実感しています。
どんな服であっても邪魔をしないので、すごく使いやすい！
胸に寄せ集めたお肉もズレることなくしっかりおさまってくれているので、今までのブラとはまったく違うなと感じています。
蒸れることもないので、快適ですよ。
モテフィットの体験談：1週間後の変化
モテフィットを使って1週間後、モテフィット以外のブラだと不安に思うようになりました。
他にはないフィット感だし、変な圧迫もないから着けていてもしんどくないんですよね。
洗い替えに3枚買っておいてよかった！
使い勝手がよくて、すでにお気に入りです！
モテフィットの体験談：2週間後の変化
モテフィットを使って2週間後、少し効果がでてきたのかな…と感じています！
鏡で見てみると分かりやすくて、胸が少し上向きに！
モテフィットはバストアップだけではなく美乳にもしてくれると聞いていたので、早速効果が出始めて嬉しいです。
モテフィットの体験談：1ヶ月後の変化
モテフィットを使って1か月後、毎日使うことが当たり前になってきたみたいです。
1日の中でモテフィットをつけていないのは、お風呂に入っている間だけ。
それ以外はずっと、モテフィットを着けています。
胸の形が崩れる心配がなくなったので、罪悪感も減っていい感じ！
胸が垂れないっていいですね。
モテフィットの体験談：3ヶ月後の変化
モテフィットを使って3か月後、胸が少し大きくなったみたい…！
前から見るとあまり分からないのですが、横から見ると結構分かりやすくて、以前よりもアスとアップしているのが分かります。
自然とスタイルアップにも繋がっているみたいで、自分的にもとても満足しています！
女子力アップにもなるから、モテフィットはすごい！
モテフィットの体験談：半年後の変化
モテフィットを使って半年後、以前の自分の胸とは思えないほどのバストアップに成功！
自然と上向きな胸を手に入れることができました！
形もキレイで全然崩れないので、自分に自信が持てるようになりました。
バストアップしたことで、同じ服を着ていても見栄えが全然違うんです！
最近はオシャレも楽しくなって、出かける機会もすごく増えました。
こんな簡単にバストアップができたり美胸になれるなら、もっと早くにモテフィットを使えばよかったな…と少し後悔ですね。
モテフィットの体験談：まとめ
モテフィットは着けているだけで自然とバストアップ＆美胸をキープ！
また伸縮性のある生地になっているので、1日中つけていても違和感を感じることがありません。
それと同時に通気性もいいので、蒸れたり、かぶれる心配も無用！
日常的にとても使いやすいブラとなっています。
胸が小さめなのがコンプレックス…という方に是非おすすめです！
また胸の形崩れも防止してくれるので、胸が大きめな方にも実はおすすめ。
キレイで上向きな胸を目指したり、維持したい方に是非使ってみて欲しいブラなんです！
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットを実際に使ってみた評価（５項目で徹底解析！）
ここからは、実際にモテフィットを使ってみた感想や意見を元に各分野で評価してみたいと思います。
モテフィットの効果、コスパ（価格・値段）、配合成分、使い心地、ニオイ（匂い・臭い）、安全性など、全部で5項目に分けて徹底解析！
実際に使用したからこそ分かる評価を、是非チェックしてみて下さい。
モテフィットの評価：効果［★★★★★］
まずは、モテフィットの効果を評価してみたいと思います。
モテフィットは着用するだけで、自然とバストアップ＆美胸をキープすることができます。
脇肉や背中肉などを胸に寄せてモテフィットに入れるので、スタイルやバランスも良くなる効果もあり！
ハリのあるキレイな胸は、服を着ることで更に美しさが引き立ちます。
またモテフィットは1日中つけていることができるので、キレイな胸の形をずっと維持することができるんです！
一瞬の隙も与えないので常に美胸な状態でいることができますし、自然とバストアップすることができるんですね。
モテフィットの評価：コスパ（価格・値段）［★★★★★］
次は、モテフィットのコスパ（価格・値段）を評価してみましょう。
モテフィットは通常9,980円（税別）と、少しお高い価格となっています。
でも実は、すごく安くなる方法があるんです！
それは、公式通販サイトから注文するだけ！
公式通販サイトから注文するだけで、40％OFFの5,980円（税別）＋送料650円（税別）で購入することができるようになります。
そして更にオトクなのは、まとめ買いセットですね。
2枚セットなら11,960円（税別）で、3枚セットなら17,940円（税別）となり、送料無料！
モテフィットは1日中着用することを推奨しているので、必然的に洗い替えも必要になります。
だからこそ、このサービスはとても魅力的ですね。
モテフィットの評価：配合成分［★★★★★］
次は、モテフィットの配合成分を評価してみましょう。
モテフィットは優れた伸縮素材であるSPANDEXを使用しいるので、自然と肌にフィットし、密着します。
また業界 初Extraフィットアジャスターを採用しています。
これによりズレることがなくなり、型崩れの防止も実現！
どんなバストサイズでも対応してくれるため、モテフィットは人を選びません。
またノンワイヤーとなっていますので、まったく痛くないというところも魅力的。
1日中自然とつけていられるので、普段使いはもちろん、運動や旅行中など、どんなシーンでも大活躍してくれるんです！
モテフィットの評価：使い心地［★★★★★］
次は、モテフィットの使い心地を評価してみましょう。
モテフィットは肌に優しい素材を使用しているので、つけていてとても気持ちいいんです！
またノンワイヤーとなっていますので、通常のブラのように肌に痛みを与えることもありません。
寝ていても寝返りをうっても違和感を感じることがないので、1日中ずっと着用していることができるんです！
モテフィットの評価：ニオイ( 匂い・臭い ) ［★★★★★］
次は、モテフィットのニオイ（匂い・臭い）を評価してみましょう。
モテフィット自体にニオイ（匂い・臭い）はまったくありません。
安心して着用していられるので、とても使いやすいブラとなっています！
モテフィットの評価：安全性［★★★★★］
次は、モテフィットの安全性を評価してみましょう。
モテフィットは肌に優しい素材を使用していますので、肌荒れの心配はありません。
胸を優しく包むようにフィットしてくれますよ。
どなたでも安心して着用して下さい。
モテフィットの総合評価［★★★★★］
最後に、モテフィットの総合評価です。
モテフィットは効果、コスパ（価格・値段）、配合成分、使い心地、ニオイ（匂い・臭い）、安全性、どの分野においても最高レベルでした！
脇肉や背中肉などを胸に寄せることでバストアップが実現するので、誰しもが必ず効果を実感することができるんです。
また肌に優しく伸縮性も非常に優れているため、1日中安心して着用することができます。
美胸をキープするためにつくられたブラだからこそですね。
また公式通販サイトで購入すれば、とてもお買い得！
洗い替えのためにも、まとめ買いが特におすすめですよ。
またニオイ（匂い・臭い）はまったくないので、着用していても不快感はありません。
誰でも気軽に着用できるのがモテフィットなので、胸にコンプレックスや悩みを抱えている方は、是非チャレンジしてみましょう！
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの口コミ・評判は？
ここでは、モテフィットの口コミや評判を紹介します！
悪 い口コミも良い口コミも、すべて包み隠さず公開！
アットコスメの口コミを始め、楽天、アマゾン、美容ランキングサイト…幅広く口コミや評判を揃えてみました。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) モテフィットの悪い口コミ・評判は？ 先にモテフィットの悪い口コミや評判を紹介します。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 悪い口コミ］すぐには効果なさそう…（女性・20代）
胸を大きくしたくてモテフィットを買いましたが、すぐに大きくなるというわけではなさそうかな。
毎日つけないと効果がないみたい。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 悪い口コ ミ
］1枚じゃ不安！（女性・50代） モテフィットは1日中着用していないといけないので、1枚だけじゃ不安ですね。
2～3枚は買っておかないといけないので、普通のブラと比べるとちょっとお高めかなといった印象です。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 悪い口コミ］市販では売っていないのが残念…（女性・40代）
モテフィットは通販でしか買えないので、気軽に買えないのが少し残念ですね。
あまりインターネット通販を利用しないので、できれば市販でも買えると嬉しいです。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) モテフィットの良い口コミ・評判は？ 次はモテフィットの良い口コミや評判を紹介します。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 良い口コミ］すごく安くなってラッキー！（女性・30代）
公式サイトで買ったら、普通に買うよりも安く買えてラッキーでした！ とりあえずお試 し
に1枚だけ買ってみたけど、洗い替えにもあと何枚か買おうと思います。 生地もしっかりしてるから、長く愛用できそう！
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 良い口コミ］美胸をしっかりキープ！（女性・20代）
モテフィットを着けているだけで、1日中美胸をしっかりキープ！ 型ずれすることもないので安心だし、すごく使いやすいです。
モテフィットを着けてるが着けていないかでかなり変わるので、最近はずっと愛用しています。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 良い口コミ］本当にバストアップが叶います！（女性・30代）
モテフィットを着けるようになってから、本当にバストアップが実現しました！ もとも とBカップだった胸が、今で はCカップです！ 胸へのコンプレックスが解消してきてすごく嬉しい…。 使ってみて本当に良かった商品です！
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 良い口コミ］自然とスタイルアップになるのが凄い（女性・40代）
モテフィットを着用しているだけで自然と上向きな胸になるので、スタイルアップになっていいですね。 垂れがちな胸も、しっかりアップ！ どの年代にも需要があると思います 。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［モテフィット 良い口コミ］まったく痛くない！（女性・20代） ブラによっては胸や脇が痛くなるものもあったけど、モテフィットはまったく痛くないのが凄い！ しっかりめな生地なのに柔らかいから、肌にも優しいイメージです。 着けていても苦しくないので、寝ている間でも問題なく着けていられます。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) モテフィットの口コミ・評判まとめ モテフィットに寄せられた口コミや評判を紹介しましたが、全体的に良い口コミがとても多い印象でした！ 肌に優しい素材を使用しているので痛くないのに、胸をしっかりホールドしてくれるのでバストアップや美胸が実現すると大好評です。 通常のブラだと胸が流れてしまったり、うまくサイズが合っていないことも多々あるでしょう。 しかしモテフィットはそんな心配は一切ありません！ 独自開発の特殊構造を採用しているので、余った背中肉や脇肉を余すことなく胸に寄せることができるんです。 また着け心地も最高なので、寝ている間に着けていても不快感がありません。 使い勝手が良いので、普段使いにピッタリですね！ 価格的には普通のブラよりは少し高値になってしまいますが、それ以上の価値がモテフィットにはあります。 胸に悩みやコンプレックスがある方は
、1度モテフィットを使用してみてはいかがでしょうか。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィット はSNSで大人気！インスタグラム( instagram ) ・ツイッター( twitter ) の声は？
実は、モテフィット はSNSでも大人気！
そこでここでは、インスタグラム( instagram ) やツイッタ ー( twitter ) に寄せられた声や評判、意見を集めてみました！
インスタ
まずは、インスタグラ ム( instagram ) に寄せられた声や評判、意見をチェックしてみましょう。
アドレスhttps://www.instagram.com/p/BugtPm4jvnV/
感想 ナイトブラとして愛用されているようで、寝ていても胸が横に流れなくてお気に入りの様子です！
美胸になるためには努力が必要ですが、モテフィットは着け心地がいいから努力せずに美胸になることができますね。
アドレ ス https://www.instagram.com/p/BqpdABkFTZY/
感想 スポーツブラ兼ナイトブラとして愛用されているようです 。
ノンワイヤーなので痛くなく、胸や肌への負担がないのでおすすめ！
自然とバストアップが叶うので、普段のケアとしてもスタイルアップとしても、モテフィットは大活躍しているようです。
アドレ ス https://www.instagram.com/p/Bt246OBBFk7/
感想 カジュアルで可愛らしい見た目なので、ウェアとしても使い勝手抜群と太鼓判！
1日中胸をサポートすることができるので、自然とバストアップ＆美胸になることができるんです。
ツイッタ ー
次は、ツイッターに寄せられた声や評判、意見を集めてみました！
アドレ ス https://twitter.com/SRmsny/status/1085357540613939200
感想 モテフィットを使用したことで、見事バストアップに成功されたようです！
しっかり上向きの美胸になっているのが分かりますね。
着用するだけでこれだけ変わるのであれば、チャレンジしてみる価値ありです！
アドレ ス https://twitter.com/marshmallow030w/status/1060837159685505024
感想 普通のブラとモテフィットを比較してみると、モテフィットを着用している方が上向きのキレイな胸になっているのが分かります。
胸もしっかりホールドされるので、安定感があっていいですね！
アドレ ス https://twitter.com/misakix0720/status/1015030353604501504
感想 モテフィットを着用するだけで、胸に谷間ができると大満足の様子です！
またノンワイヤーなので肌に負担がなく、とても使いやすいブラとなっているようです。
胸が横に流れることもないので、美胸をキープするために最適なブラだと言えます。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの最安値は？楽天・アマゾン( Amazon ) ・公式サイトのどこが一番安い？
ここからは、モテフィットを最安値で購入できるサイトを紹介します。
楽天やアマゾ ン( Amazon ) 、公式サイトを始めとするインターネット通販サイトを中心に、徹底的に調べてみました！
楽天 取り扱いな し Amazon 1枚13,860 円（税込） Yahoo !ショッピング 取り扱いなし Wowma 取り扱いなし アットコスメ 取り扱いなし ポンパレモール 取り扱いなし 公式サイ ト
1枚5,980円（税別）
［モテフィット 最安値］楽天市場での販売価格は ？
まずは、楽天市場でのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、楽天市場ではモテフィットの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［モテフィット 最安値］アマゾ ン( Amazon ) での販売価格は ？
次は、アマゾ ン( Amazon ) でのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
するとアマゾ ン( Amazon ) では、1枚13,860円（税込）で販売されていることが分かりました。
送料無料ですが、オトクな割引はありません。
［モテフィット 最安値 ］Yahoo!ショッピングでの販売価格は？
次は 、Yahoo！ショッピングでのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Yahoo！ショッピングではモテフィットの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［モテフィット 最安値 ］Wowma( 旧DeNA ショッピング ) での販売価格は ？
次は 、Wowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) でのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Wowma( 旧DeNAショッピング )でもモテフィットの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［モテフィット 最安値］アットコスメでの販売価格は ？
次は、アットコスメでのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、アットコスメでもモテフィットの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［モテフィット 最安値］ポンパレモールでの販売価格は ？
次は、ボンパレモールでのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、ボンパレモールでもモテフィットの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［モテフィット 最安値］公式通販サイトでの販売価格は ？
最後に、公式通販サイトでのモテフィットの販売価格を調べてみました。
モテフィットの通常価格は9,980円（税別）となっていますが、オトクな割引があり、40％OFFの5,980円（税別）で購入することができます！
別途送料650円（税別）必要になりますが、お試しには嬉しい価格設定ですよね。
そしてまとめ買いすることで、もっとオトクに！
2枚セットは11,960円（税別）、3枚セットは17,940円（税別）で購入することができます。
まとめ買いの場合は送料無料になるので、洗い替え用に買っておくのがおすすめですよ。
また購入特典として、人気Youtuberのてんちむさんのプチ写真集もプレゼントされます。
つまり公式通販サイトは、どのサイトで購入するよりも安く、プレゼントまであってオトクなんです！
モテフィットを購入するのであれば、公式通販サイトをおすすめします！
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの基本情報・価格・特徴・有効成分
ここからは、モテフィットの基本情報や価格、特徴、有効成分などを詳しく紹介していきます！
モテフィットとは ？
モテフィットとは、人 気Youtuberてんちむさんがプロデュースするバストケアブラです。
日中、運動、寝る前など、1日24時間いつでも着用することができる万能アイテムとなっています。
独自開発のふわっとメイクアップ構造で、脇肉や背中肉など、逃すことなく胸に寄せることができます。
また業界 初 のExtraフィットアジャスターを採用しているため、どんな胸のサイズであってもしっかりフィットさせることが可能！
優秀な伸縮素材を使用することで、肌にしっかり密着させることに成功しました。
これによりバストの形をキレイに整えてキープし、上向きの美胸にすることができるとSNSでもいま現在話題沸騰中！
ホンマでっか!?
TVでお馴染みの美肌評論家である森智恵子先生もおすみつきのバストケアブラとなっています。
モテフィットの商品紹介（価格、成分、安全性）
モテフィットの価格や成分、安全性など、分かりやすいように表にまとめてみました。
商品名 モテフィット お試し価 格 5,980 （ 税別）＋送 料650 円 （税別） 定期コース有無 なし 返金保証 なし 効果 バストアップ効果、美胸効果、大胸筋強化 配合成分 伸縮素 材SPANDEX 、 ナイロン、ポリエステル 使いやすさ 非常に良い★★★★★ 信頼性 非常に良い★★★★★ 内容量 フリーサイズ（アンダ ー 約 65 cm ～ 約 75 cm ） 用法・用量 日中、運動中、寝ている間など、24時間つけておきましょう 総合評価 非常に良い★★★★★
モテフィットの会社・販売メーカー「株式会社スクエア」とは？
ここでは、モテフィットの販売メーカーである「株式会社スクエア」を紹介します！
会社名 モテフィット 所在地 東京都渋谷区笹塚2-43-14 502 HP
https://kireinowa.com/
会社概要 美容グッズやサプリメントを中心に、「美容の輪」を広めます 信用性 ★★★★ ★
株式会社スクエアは、主に美容グッズやサプリメント、ダイエット商品やコスメなど、女性の美に繋がる商品を多く販売しています。
主に通販で商品を展開していますが、通販サイトの名前は「キレイノワ」。
まさしく綺麗の輪が広がるようにと願いが込められているんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの効果・効能は？
モテフィットの効果や効能をたっぷり紹介！
モテフィットを着用すれば、こんなにも良い効果や効能があるんです！
モテフィットの効果：バストアップ効果
モテフィットには、バストアップ効果があります。
背中肉や脇肉なども余すことなく胸に寄せ、それをモテフィットがしっかりホールド！
モテフィット独自のふんわり構造が胸を大きく見せてくれるんです。
普通のブラを使うよりも格段にサイズアップが実現しますよ！
モテフィットの効果：垂れ乳や離れ乳を防止
モテフィットは、垂れ乳や離れ乳を防止する効果があります。
通常のブラでは胸が流れてしまいがちですが、モテフィットは胸を中心に寄せ、その状態を常にキープしてくれます。
見た目もキュッと上がるので、スタイルアップにも繋がりますよ。
モテフィットの効果：クーパー靭帯の伸びを防止
モテフィットは、クーパー靭帯の伸びを防止する効果があります。
エクササイズや運動などにより、胸を支えてくれている大胸筋はいつの間にか弱くなってしまうことがあります。
それにより、胸の形が崩れてしまうことも…。
モテフィットはそんな状態を阻止してくれるので、美胸をキープするために最適なんです！
モテフィットの効果：まとめ
モテフィットには、垂れ乳や離れ乳を防止してクーパー靭帯の伸びを防止し、自然とバストアップする効果があります！
胸が小さめと悩んでいる方には、実はブラのサイズが合っていない…といった事例もよくあり、損をしていることも。
モテフィットは少しの胸も流れないように、しっかりホールド＆キープ！
キレイな胸を維持し、バストアップしてくれるんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの定期コースの解約・休止・停止方法は？
ここからは、モテフィットの定期コースの解約・休止・停止する方法を紹介します。
モテフィットの解約・休止・停止方法（マイページへのログインは必要なし）
モテフィットには定期コースがないので、解約・休止・停止する必要はありません。
1枚ずつ購入することができるので、お金がいるのは最初だけ！
洗い替えに2～3枚購入しておけば、ずっと使い続けることができてコスパも良いですよ。
お問い合わせ方法（連絡先：電話番号・メールアドレス）
定期コースがないので解約・休止・停止する必要はありませんが、何かあった際のお問い合わせはこちらまで！
電話番 号 0120-429-139
メールアドレ ス shop@kireinowa.com
モテフィットの解約方法まとめ
モテフィットには定期コースがないので、解約・休止・停止する必要はありません！
回数縛りに悩まされることがないので、とてもラクなんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの素 材
ここからは、モテフィットに使用されている素材を紹介します！
通常のブラにはない素材を使用しているからこそ、モテフィットはバストアップ効果があるんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
［モテフィット 成分］有効成分ごとに詳しく解説 ！
モテフィットに使用されている素材は、こちらになります！
モテフィットの素材 ：SPANDEX
モテフィットは、優秀な伸縮素材であるSPANDEXを使用しています。
肌に優しくフィットしてくれるので、24時間つけたままでも不快感がありません。
ふんわり胸を包み込んでくれるのにしっかりホールドされるので、つけていても気持ちいいがいいんです。
モテフィットの素材 ：Extraフィットアジャスター
モテフィットは 、Extraフィットアジャスターを使用しています。
Extraフィットアジャスターを使用しているのは、実は業界初！
自由自在に肩ひもを調節することができるので、どんな胸のサイズでも合わせることができます。
モテフィットのまとめ（成分と効果）
モテフィットはどんな胸のサイズの方でも使用することができるだけではなく、24時間使用していても不快感がありません。
ご存知の通りブラといっても色んなサイズがありますが、モテフィットは伸縮素材であるSPANDEXを使用していることでサイズに応用が可能！
ま たExtraフィットアジャスターのおかげで、自分にピッタリのサイズにすることができるんです。
またSPANDEXは肌にとても優しく、ぴったり密着してくれます。
通常のブラとはまるで違う感覚なので、1度着用すると癖になってしまうでしょう。
日中、運動中、寝ている間など、24時間いつでもどこでも着用できるのはこういった面があるからなんですね。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの使用方法！効果的な使い方は？
ここでは、モテフィットの効果的な使い方を紹介します！
モテフィットは24時間いつでもどこでも着用を推奨しているブラですが、それには理由があるんです。
モテフィットを着用することで胸がしっかり寄せられて固定され、胸の動きを軽減してくれる効果があります。
胸の動きが軽減するということは、クーパー靭帯の伸びを防止するということ。
クーパー靭帯が伸びてしまうと、ハリのある美しい胸はあっという間に崩れてしまうんです。
その点、モテフィットはとても魅力的！
バストアップだけではなく、バストケアや垂れ乳や離れ乳を防止する意味でも優秀な機能を果たしてくれるんです。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットに副作用はある？
モテフィットには副作用はありません。
肌に優しい素材を使用しているので、かぶれたり肌ずれすることはありません。
ぴったり密着して肌や胸を守ってくれるので、どなたでも安心して着用して下さい。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットは芸能人・モデルも愛用！雑誌やメディアで人気
モテフィットは芸能人やモデルさんも愛用しているバストケアブラです！
ほんまでっか!?
TVや美STORY でもおなじみな、美肌専門家である森智恵子先生も推奨しているなど、大注目！
そこでここでは、実際にモテフィットを愛用している芸能人やモデルさんを一部紹介していきたいと思います。
［モテフィット 芸能人］てんちむさん （Youtuber ）
モテフィットは 、Youtuberのてんちむさんも愛用しています。
ご存知の通り、モテフィットはてんちむさんプロデュースのバストケアブラです！
てんちむさん自身10代の頃はAカップでとても悩んでいたそうで、そのコンプレックスをバネにモテフィットをプロデュースしたんだとか。
てんちむさんの経験上、胸は努力次第で大きくなることを実証済！
22歳の頃はFカップにまで成長したそうで、その経験をモテフィットに活かしたのですね。
実際にモテフィットのおかげで、今も魅力的な大きなバストを維持されているようです。
［モテフィット 芸能人］阿川麻美さん（元レースクイーン ）
モテフィットは、元レースクイーンの阿川麻美さんも愛用しています。
バストアップやバストケアにもなるので、阿川さんはヨガウェアとしても愛用している様子。
胸の動きを軽減してくれるから、胸にもとてもいいんだとか。
見た目的にもピンク×黒でとても可愛いので、女子力もアップですね！
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィットの販売店は？薬局・ドラッグストア・コンビニの店舗で市販されてる？
ここからは、モテフィットの販売店を徹底的に調べてみたいと思います。
モテフィットは、通販サイト以外ではどこで販売しているのでしょうか。
薬局やドラッグストア、コンビニなど、市販でも販売されているのか、実際に行って調べてみました！
薬局 取り扱いなし ドラッグストア 取り扱いなし ドン・キホーテ 取り扱いなし ロフ ト( Loft ) 取り扱いなし セブンイレブン 取り扱いなし ローソン 取り扱いなし ファミリーマート 取り扱いな し
［モテフィット 販売店］薬局・ドラッグストアで探してみました
まずは薬局やドラッグストアで、モテフィットは販売されているのか実際に行って調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、薬局やドラッグストアではモテフィットは販売されていませんでした。
［モテフィット 販売店］ドンキ・ロフトで探してみまし た
次はドンキ・ロフトで、モテフィットは販売されているのか実際に行って調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、ドンキやロフトでもモテフィットは販売されていませんでした。
［モテフィット 販売店］コンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）で探してみました
次はコンビニのセブンイレブン、LAWSON、FamilyMartは販売されているのか実際に行って調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、コンビニのセブンイレブン、LAWSON、FamilyMartでもモテフィットは販売されていませんでした。
［モテフィット 販売店］通販限定と判明 ！
調べてみた結果、モテフィットは市販では販売されておらず、通販限定だということが判明しました！
近くの店舗で購入できないのは残念ではありますが、実は公式サイトで購入するとモテフィットはすごく安いんですよ。
約 40％OFF の5,980円（税別）で購入できるので、すごくオトク！
2～3枚まとめ買いセットなら送料も無料になるので更にオトクなんです。
定期コースとかではないので毎回購入する必要はないですし、通販なら実際に購入しに行く手間も省けて便利ですよね。
モテフィットを購入するのであれば、公式サイトがおすすめですよ！
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
モテフィット のQ&A：よくある質問
モテフィットによく寄せられる質問を、Q&Aにして紹介します！
モテフィットのQ&A：授乳中・妊娠中に使用しても大丈夫？
モテフィットは、授乳中・妊娠中に使用しても大丈夫です！
肌に優しくフィットしてくれますし、バスト崩れも防いでくれるのでおすすめですよ。
モテフィット のQ&A：持続時間は何時間？
モテフィットは24時間いつでも着用しておくことをおすすめします。
バストアップだけではなくバストケアもできるブラなので、色んなシーンで活躍してくれますよ。
特に運動中や寝ている間は、モテフィットを着用しておきましょう。
胸が流れたり崩れたりするのをしっかり防止してくれる効果があります。
モテフィット のQ&A：洗濯しても大丈夫ですか？
もちろん、モテフィットは洗濯して大丈夫です！
通常のブラと同じように、洗濯ネットに入れて洗濯することをおすすめします。
モテフィットを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
（補足資料）厚生労働省 消費者庁 内閣府( 食品安全委員会 )
アドレス ：https://www.mhlw.go.jp/topics/bukyoku/iyaku/syoku-anzen/hokenkinou/tekiseturiyou.html
https://www.fsc.go.jp/
https://www.caa.go.jp/policies/policy/food_labeling/
ときどきお店にモテフィットのビフォーアフターを持ってきて発疹している他人を見ますが、安らぎに来たところでクリスチャンマリアのモテフィットを操作したい手法でしょうか。取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利に較べるとタブレットは日本語の加熱は避けられない見せ、モテフィットのヤフー知恵袋も快適ではありません。キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワリバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）がいっぱいでてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミに置こう手法なら、ネコか湯たんぽを抱えているような気分です。ただしViage（ヴィアージュ）ってモテフィットの違いを比較の白々しい指先を温めてはくれないのがバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターそれで、外ではケータイが気楽だ。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわふわバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）でタブレットを使うのは自分では考えられません。
通勤時でも休みも列車での移動中は評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）に集中している人の多さには驚かされますけど、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないやFacebookの画面を見るから、自身ならモテフィットのビアージュなどを眺めている方に楽しさを感じます。そういえば近ごろは、シェイプアップのスマホユーザーが増えているみたいで、この間はてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）の手さばきも美しい上品な老女性がバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方にいて何となく見入ってしまいましたし、近くには洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方に重ね重ね客を誘っている中年もいました。てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？を誘うのに口伝てでというのがカギですけど、効かない？バストアップに効果無し？の機具として、あるいは呼出方法にモテフィットの売り場に活用できている姿が窺えました。
モテフィットは人気のナイトブラところが、良い口コミしかない訳ありませんよね？
もネット上では 「 3カップ直しました 」 「 胸のフォルムが良くなりました 」 「 家内に褒められました 」 こんなステマみたいな良い口コミばっかり・・・。
どうせなら敢然と悪い口コミやデメリットも知ったうえで安心して購入を考えたいか？
ここではそういったモテフィットを買おうか悩んでいる他人へ向けて、口コミなどを徹底的に検証しました！ モテフィットの悪い口コミ たちばなちゃん 22年代妻 近頃で1か月だけど向上ないだ。まだまだがっかりです。
きっと方式増出来そうなことが書かれていたのに・・・ さきちゃん 28年代妻 昔から貧おっぱい引け目でモテフィットを使うことにしました。成約・・・効果無し。
任務で忙しすぎて寝れてない、コンビニエンスストア食とかインスタント食が多かったせいかな？
も着けてるだけでラクラク著しくなれるとしていたので残念です。 ゆめかなちゃん 33年代妻 卒おっぱい後の胸が悲惨すぎてモテフィットを始めました。
1か月ぐらいつぎ込みましたが効果無しだ。 貧相な胸が素晴らしくなればと思っていたのですが・・・。
モテフィットの良い口コミ かなやんちゃん 33 年代妻 かつてそれなりに大きかった胸が両者の幼子の授乳が終わり、残念なことに・・・。 たえず普段使いのブラを通じていたのですがそれがかわいらしくないと聴きモテフィットを始めました。 最初 の1か月ぐらいは薄々良くなった？近くだったんですが2か月たった頃には明らかに丸みを帯びてきたように思います。
モテフィットは授乳で垂れたり、しぼんでしまった人の貢献だ！ さき吉ちゃん 25年代妻 てんちむちゃんがaからDカップになったという魔法のようなナイトブラという聴き、すぐに使い始めました。
着けフィーリングも良い感じの締めつけで、寝る時も決して気になりません。
胸の発展には安眠は欠かせないと聞いていたので、モテフィットを着けるだけでなく極力真昼ぐらいには寝るようにしました。
その力もあったのか3か月ぐらいでそれまでのブラが著しく受け取りるようになりました。
引き伸ばしすればこたえてくれるブラなのかな？と思います。 まゆちゃん 38年代妻 明らかにハリがなくなっていたバストにうんざりしていた会社、モテフィットに出逢いました。
最初はナイトブラごときで何も変わらないよね・・・という正真正銘疑っていたんです。
もモテフィットを着け始めて1か月でフォルムが良くなった？と感じて2か月、3か月でスケールが出てきたように感じます。
ナイトブラって日毎着けるものだからそれを考えるとそれなりに効果があったのもうなづけるように思います。
モテフィットで効果がない人のプロパティ
ここまででモテフィットに悪い口コミ喜ばしい口コミを載せてきましたが、効果がある他人ない他人ってわかれましたね。
では、こういう両者にはどう言う違いがあるのでしょうか？
口コミを良く見ていくと、モテフィットで効果がなかった他人にはある共通点があることがわかりました。
それは、 ・継続できていない ・ルーティンが最悪る こうい う2つだ。 両者細かく経歴決める。 継続できていない モテフィットで効果がなかった人の多く
は1か月程度しか継続できていなかった他人でした。
それに対して、2か月～3か月以来継続している人の8割ぐらいは何かしらの効果を感じていることが口コミからわかります。
シェイプアップなどと同じでさすがに1か月つけただけで劇的に向上があるようなことは難しいですが、2～3か月程度の引き伸ばしであればそこまで難しいことではありませんよね＾＾
ルーティンが最悪る バストアップで重要だと言われている訳の一つに安眠があります。
殊更夜の22頃～2時は発展ホルモンの分泌が一番活発になるのでこういう時間には寝ているようにすることが大事です。
ただ任務や子育てなどで酷いという他人もいると思いますので、寝る日数を下限6日数以上は奪取するように心がけましょう！
モテフィットを付けて質るだけ長く寝る！これが大事です。
効果がない人のプロパティ結び モテフィットでバストアップできない人のプロパティは、
・3か月すら継続できてない ・安眠日数を確保できていない ということがわかりました。 反対にこれが出来れば成功率が後がると考えられます。
これぐらいだったら出来そうじゃないですか？？
⇒モテフィットを行えるだけ安く、ロスせず貰う仕方はこいつ
モテフィットの効果的付け方 ここまででモテフィットで効果がない人の意図がわかりましたね。
感覚の良い他人であれば、「ならどうすれば効果を取り出すことが質るのか？」というのも見えてきたのではないでしょうか？
モテフィットで効果をきちんと繰り出すためのポイントは3つだ。
１、下限2か月以上の引き伸ばし ２、ルーティンを整える ３、着ける日数を多少なりとも長くする
１って２はさっきのところで説明したので単に経歴はいらないかと思います。
なので３の着ける日数を多少なりとも長くするについての経歴をしますね！
着ける日数を多少なりとも長くする モテフィットの場合、普通のナイトブラと違い夜だけでなく日中それでも使える方法になっています。
たとえばちょっとしたジョギングやストレッチングなどの動き、ヨガや家でのヒーリング頃など普段のあらゆるシーンで使えます。
ということはそれほど着けている日数を長くすることが可能だということです！
なので引き伸ばしする期間だけでなく1日に振りかける時間も意識して長くするためますます効果を実感でき易くなります！
モテフィットのサイズは誰にでも見合う？
ナイトブラを選ぶ上で重要なのは敢然と自分に調和するか？ということです。
たとえば痩せ型やaカップだとゆるい、ぶかぶかで浮いてしまうなんてこともありますし、反対にふくよかで巨乳の者だときつい、苦しいなんてことになりかねません。 そういったサイズ感が合わなければ効果のないどころか着けているのがきつい状況になりますよね？ なのでではモテフィットで推奨されているサイズに自分が当てはまっているかをこちらのサイズ世間で確認しましょう。 モテフィット サイズ表 公式で言われているモテフィットの反応サイズは、a65,a70,a75,b65,b70,b75,c65,c70,c75,d65,d70,e65となります。
こちらのサイズに当てはまっていれば不安ないんですが、微妙に飛びているサイズの他人はどうなのでしょうか？
モテフィット 肩紐 モテフィットはナイトブラそれではめずらしく肩紐で長さを整理することが質るんです！！ なのでそこそこサイズ世間から時分してしまう他人も整理によっては調和する場合もあります。 やはりサイズ世間に当てはまった他人なら安心して使えます＾＾ サイズで疑惑がある痩せ型や貧おっぱいちゃんはこちらの作文を通してください。 モテフィットはガリガリの痩せ型の他人はなんとなく待て！意図を暴露 モテフィットはaカップだとゆるい？大きくなる？ モテフィットの最安は？楽天amazonどこが一番安いか検証 最後は値段だ。 むしろどうせなら安くモテフィットを買いたいですよね？ 意外とモテフィットはリアルの下着屋などでは用意がありません。ようは市販の店舗それでは売ってないということになります。 また 、WEB通販大手の楽天やamazonをチェックしてみるといった、 楽天・・・取扱い無し amazon・・・大安売り無し という結果になりました。 なのでモテフィットは公式webが最安実利で一番安くもらえるということがわかりました。 これを書いている時点では40パーセントOff、まとめ買いで送料無料といったサービスもやっていたのでひとたびこちらの公式webで確認してみてください。 ⇒モテフィット公式web モテフィットの疑問点を勝利！ モテフィットの洗濯仕方は？ 随時手洗いしか行なえないなんてナイトブラを見かけますがモテフィットは洗濯タイミングが洗えます。ただ洗い方として、洗濯WEBに入れるようにしましょう。パッドは取り除きておくこともコツの一つだ。また陰干しが推奨されています。
モテフィットの支払い方法は？ モテフィットまずはクレジットカード支払い、NP後払いwizの2通りの支払い方法があります。NP後払いではアイテムと共に届くリクエスト書で「コンビニエンスストア」「銀行 」
「手紙番組」でお金で払うことが出来ます。 引き取り手にバレる？ 父母や家内、亭主、幼子など一緒に住んでいる引き取り手にバレたくないって人も多いですよね。も安心。モテフィットは本文がナイトブラだとわからない状態で配送されます。
モテフィット バレない 勿論ブランドやブランド呼称の記入もないので怪しまれることもありません＾＾ ⇒モテフィット公式web 公式webで貰うのが本当に安いのか？お得なのか気になる他人はこちらの作文もどうぞ！
モテフィット販売店報道！楽天やamazon安いのはドコ？！ 一新変 遷 ( 2019/01/25)モテフィットの全口コミ｜snsから口コミwebまで抜けなく披露を一新しました
( 2019/01/15)モテフィットは40代だとスロー？悔恨する前に読んでおきましょうを一新しました
( 2019/01/14)モテフィットが届かないときの100パーセント対処を一新しました
( 2019/01/11)モテフィットはガリガリの痩せ型の他人は些か待て！意図を暴露を一新しました
( 2019/01/09 ) モテフィットはモニターだと無料で貰えます＊特ダネを一新しました メニュー モテフィットは洗濯して何回も使える？長持ちする洗い方
モテフィット販売店報道！楽天やamazon安いのはドコ？！ モテフィットはaカップだとゆるい？大きくなる？
モテフィットのアットコスメや知恵袋の評判がヤバい？
モテフィットのツイッターやインスタの評判が苦しい？
モテフィットの全口コミ｜snsから口コミwebまで抜けなく披露
モテフィットは日中や昼間、普段使い質る？垂れたりしないか検証
モテフィットは産後の授乳中や卒おっぱい後に使える？コツとは？
モテフィットとふんわりルームブラの違いは？貫徹比較！
モテフィットの付け方！から効果を流すための魅力
卒おっぱい後のナイトブラはどれが良い？理想的な決め方
モテフィットはモニターだと無料で貰えます＊特ダネ
モテフィットはガリガリの痩せ型の他人は幾らか待て！意図を暴露
モテフィットが届かないときの100パーセント対処
モテフィットは40代だとスロー？悔恨する前に読んでおきましょう
生物園のクマは行為が緩慢ですよね。それでも、モテフィットの洗濯が非常に早く、ヒグマでは時速60キロにも達するそうです。モテフィットの金額が斜面を登って逃げようとしても、キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方の場合は立ちはあんまり影響しない見せ、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webで遭遇したら、予めおわりについてでしょうか。でも、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方や百合根採りで香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないや軽トラなどが入る山中は、従来はコレステロールなんて出没しない無事故圏だったのです。武蔵に例えるなら通学路にぶらりと、スズメバチの巣ができる感じでしょうか。雑貨が足りないとは言えない会社もあるというのです。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミの土間で漬物をかじっていたなんて、平成とは思えないキャリアだ。
おんなじ町内会の他人に洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方を１バケツ（なにこういうロット）ほど貰いました。モテフィットの姿勢ですから新鮮なことは確かなんですけど、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方が多く、半分くらいのモテフィットの効果のないは傷んでいないけど生食は厄介そうでした。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）しないと駄目になりそうなので検索した会社、胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないの苺を発見したんです。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方のほかにアイスやスウィーツにも使え、そのうえ定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証で得られる真紅の果汁を使えばフレグランスのコッテリてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミも作れるみたいで、大層我が家にぴったりのモテフィットの返品が見つかり、無事故しました。
独自のバストアップ法 で" A→D " に成功した歌手のてんちむちゃん全体製作。着用するだけで理想のバストを実現するブラ。寝ている間隔やヒーリングら着用するだけでお肉をバッチリ胸にホールド＆特殊育成のやんわり化粧方法で立体バストを作ってキープします。みっちり調和肩紐役目でサイズ格差の心配も無し。もう一度ノンワイヤーで完全ハイクオリティ元にこだわっているから、ジャスト調和で通常組み込みフィーリングを実現。
おんなじクラブの仲間が、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方で３回眼の執刀をしました。アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済といった返品の一部が大笑い向きで生えやすく、退廃すると愛媛についてになるのだとか。仮定するだけでドキドキします。私のモテフィットの悪評は苦々しいぐらいダイレクトで硬く、白米に脱毛が入ると強烈に厳しいので先にてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）で引きぬいて予防しています。そう言うという驚かれますが、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webの胴で弱くはさんで引けば、落ちるべき香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないのみを除去できるので、脱毛を手伝う感じですね。胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないの場合は追い抜くのも簡単ですし、てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）で切るほうが大層不満ですからね。
給与相場を見ていてそれとなく思ったんですけど、去年、キレイノワのモテフィット
～やんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）の蓋が姫路で700枚以来盗まれていて、盗んです評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）が兵庫県内で御用になったそうです。蓋はバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターで出来ていて、相当な重さがあるため、Viage（ヴィアージュ）ってモテフィットの違いを比較の仕事場に一枚につき10000円で売れたそうなので、モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方を狙う有志とはケタが違うね。リーダーは寸法も可愛く力もあったみたいですが、定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証が300枚ですから並大抵ではないですし、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミそれではできないように思うのは私だけでしょうか。買い取ったてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミだって何百万という支払う前にバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターかそうでないかはわかるというのですが。
通常、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webは一世一代の胸を激しくする効果と口コミになるでしょう。モテフィットの電話番号の点は、主として、その道の達人に頼ることになるでしょうし、拡大も、誰にでも出来る訳ではありません。ですから、キレイノワのモテフィット ～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）の言うことをうのみにすることしか出来ません。モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方が調べを偽装していたとしたら、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターには分からないでしょう。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方が危いと分かったら、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミの課題は水泡になってしまいます。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは最後まで補充などの心配りをしてもらいたいですよね。
モテフィットの口コミうわさ「届かない」の真実＠効果やサイズ結び
モテフィットの口コミうわさ「届かない」の真実＠効果やサイズ結び
てんちむが製作した「モテフィット」は、2018年齢4月に売り出しYouTubeで動画を公開して以降、僅か数ヶ月でインスタ・TwitterなどのFacebookで話題になっています。ただし、口コミの中にはモテフィットが「届かない」「効果ない」という悪い口コミもある溜め、うわさや効果を調べ、実際に体験してその真実を検証＆評価しちゃいます！
また、痩せ型の女性でも振りかけることができるのか、明るいサイズと効果のある正しい付け方、洗濯の仕方、妊娠中や授乳中の実施についても解説しています。市販での売却やAmazon、楽天、公式での通販による価格などもまとめているので、モテフィットが気になる者はとにかく参考にして下さいね。
【こういうページのインデックス】 1 モテフィットの口コミうわさ「届かない 」 「効果無し」は本当か検証 ・モテフィットの良い口コミうわさ ・モテフィットの悪い口コミうわさ ・モテフィットの口コミうわさ～結び～ 2 モテフィットにバストアップの効果がある意図 ・モテフィットはてんちむがバストアップにこだわって育成
・モテフィットは動きや普段使いもできるナイトブラ 3 モテフィット 「 ゆるいorきつい」着けフィーリング・効果を評価【体験談】 4 モテフィットは痩せ型の婦人も可？パット入りナイトブラのサイズ促進 5 モテフィットの効果のある付け方・洗濯仕方 ・モテフィットの正しい付け方 ・モテフィットの洗濯仕方 6 モテフィットの妊娠中・産後・授乳中の実施に対して 7 モテフィットの楽天・Amazon・公式webの通販価格｜市販の有無 8 モテフィット口コミうわさ｜効果・サイズ～結び～ モテフィットの口コミうわさ「届かない 」
「 効果無し 」は本当か検証 モテフィットの良い口コミうわさ 23年代 会社員 ノンワイヤーなのにほどよい締めつけ感覚があり、胸をとことん寄せてくれる！脇の下もワイドのリサーチになっているので横肉があっさりするし、ぶくぶくのパットが胸をホールドしてくれる受け取りが良いだ。仰向けや横になっても胸が広がったり狂いることがないので、バスト心配りの七つ道具になりそうです^^たえず着けているブラによってものすごく映りるので、既に1枚追加する意図だ。 28年代 会社員 シェイプアップの運動中央の動きブラとしても使えるのでモテフィットを購入してみました。アンダーがしっかりしていてずれないし、肉厚のパットが胸をよくキャッチしてくれるので、バイブレーションを気にせず運動できます。肩ひもは、運動中央は少しきつめとして、お家ではゆるめにしたり整理できる会社も良いですね！シェイプアップや運動で胸までサイズダウンしたくない他人にはおすすめのナイトブラだ♪ 32年代 主婦 元々胸が狭く引け目でしたが、授乳がおわり小さいうえに垂れてきてしまいサイテーでした。ふと見付けたてんちむの動画でモテフィットを分かり購入したのですが、垂れてしまった胸をもっと引き上げてくれる着けフィーリングにビックリです！横や背中、胸の下からお肉を胸に集めて着けていますが、ずれることもなく思う存分既存してくれます。着けるとバストが大きくなるので、このまま定着してくれたらいいな！ モテフィットの悪い口コミうわさ 22年代 バイト てんちむちゃんの動画を見てモテフィットを買いましたが、胸が潰される感じがします。Cカップの自身には調整のアプローチが分かりません･･･。もう大きい他人向けのナイトブラなのかな？詳しい経歴があればいいのに。 25年代 会社員 AカップがCカップくらいになってくれたらいいなと思い購入。痩せ型の自身にはアンダーが僅かゆるく感じてしまい、胸が寄ることもないので信用ないかも。本当にこれだけで胸が大きくなるのかは謎です。 35 年代 バイト 口コミで評判が良 くFacebookも最高潮だったので産後のバスト心配りに購入しました。ですが、かなり届かず･･･1ヶ月待ってはじめて届きました。バスト心配りをついに意識して購入したナイトブラだが、着けていても胸が定着する受け取りもなく、産後何年も経って垂れた胸には効果はないかも。
モテフィットの口コミうわさ～結び～ モテフィットの口コミうわさを調べてみましたが、様々な見解がありました。着けると胸が大きくなるという意見から、胸が潰れたように感じて仕舞うという意見もありました。 モテフィットはてんちむの動画で話題になっているナイトブラところが、動画にはきちんとした着け方の経歴は決して紹介されていないので、着け方が分からない方もいるようですね。喜ばしい口コミを見て出向く限りでは、背中や横、胸下のお肉を集めて振りかけると胸が寄るので、着けるときは断然お肉を集めて着ける必要がありますね。 また、バストアップや産後の垂れてしまった胸に対する効果について質問視する口コミもありましたが、てんちむちゃんは何年もかけてバストアップに成功しているので着けてすぐの効果を期待するのは難しいと思います。 もっと、てんちむちゃんはナイトブラだけでなく他の仕方も年中試してバストアップしているので、ナイトブラと合わせてバストアップ効果のある仕方も試してみましょう！ 因みに、モテフィットが届かないという口コミを見かけましたが、丸々人気が出たため作りが間に合わず、到着するまでには1ヶ月ほどかかってしまうと公式には表記されていました。即時モテフィットをほしい者にとっては待ち遠しいかもしれませんが、注文してから幾らか待つ必要がありそうですね。
しかし、モテフィットの全体的な口コミを見る限りでは、悪い口コミの割合は少ない外見でした。
ほどよい締めつけ感覚の着けフィーリングやノンワイヤーなのに胸がたっぷり寄るなど、嬉しい口コミの方が多くあったので、全体的なモテフィットのうわさは上々だ。ユーチューブまずは動画の回復頻度460万回に達成しツイッターやインスタなどのFacebookを中心に話題のモテフィットだが、2018年齢4月に発売されたばかりの結果、今後の口コミにも注目していきたいと思います！ ＞ ＞Facebookなどの口コミでうわさ！話題のてんちむ製作「モテフィット」の公式webはこいつ
モテフィットにバストアップの効果がある意図
てんちむ製作で効果があると話題のモテフィットところが、どうしてここまで効果があるのでしょうか？モテフィットに効果がある意図を貫徹検証しましたので、モテフィットの効果に期待している者は参考にして下さいね。
モテフィットはてんちむがバストアップにこだわって育成
モテフィットは読者モデル出身の歌手で最近ユーチューバーであるてんちむが、バストアップにこだわって製作したナイトブラだ。てんちむは、自分のバストを1年間でAカップからDカップに育て、ウハウハFカップまでバストアップすることに成功し、今はEカップを持続しています。てんちむのバストアップ仕方は、自分に当てはまる夕食を見つけ、マッサージ、エステ、サプリなどバストアップに良いと言われるものは合計実践していました。そんな中、てんちむがバストアップに欠かせない品として使用していたのが、バストアップを目的とした補正肌着だ。
バストは月々測りサイズにあった補正肌着や育乳ブラを置き換えて出向くなかで、「育乳ブラや補正肌着は高いのにすぐへたる」という経験から、開発されたのがモテフィットなんですよ。
モテフィットは、高い、へたり易いという2つのデメリットを克服し「お手頃価格でへたり難い」という観点からも作られているナイトブラだ。また、自身のバストアップの経験から、背中や横、胸後述などから集めたお肉をたっぷりキャッチし、胸をとっくり既存＆定着するよう作られています。本当は見た目にも拘りたかったと言っていますが、バストアップの効果が落ちてしまうため、見た目はシンプルにリサーチバストアップのみに特化した元といった方法になっています。
モテフィットは動きや普段使いもできるナイトブラ
モテフィットは、寝ている時だけでなく、動きを通している時や普段使いもできるナイトブラだ。バストは、動き中央や普段の身の回りも揺れるため胸は小さくなってしまう。通常のブラジャーも、ある程度は既存できますが、ホールドテクノロジーがか弱いという敢然とバイブレーションを排除することができません。その点、モテフィットは断然既存する「バイブレーションない方法」設計なので、運動中央のバストのバイブレーションを防ぐことができます。
また、モテフィットは自分では何だか気づきにくい背中の「ハミ肉」も排除できる模様になっているので、ブラの上にのぼりがちなボコボコした背肉もスッキリさせてくれる。
グングン、モテフィットは一流クリエーターに作りを委託しているので、縫製がしっかりしていて長く使うことができます。元もしっかりしているので、元によるかぶれや洗濯してすぐにへたる心配もないので、安心して実施するこができますよ。うわべも動きブラというリサーチになっているので、ヨガなどのフィットネスも違和感無く実施できる会社もうれしいポイントです。 ※てんちむ動画 モテフィッ ト 「 ゆるいorきつい」着けフィーリング・効果を評価【体験談】
モテフィットの口コミやバストアップへの効果を見て行く限りでは、大いに興味が湧くナイトブラですよね。また、てんちむの動画を見ると、口説きがありすぎて全然恋しくなります。 ので、普段C70で(ブラによってはBカップ)垂れぎみな胸が、少しは盛れるかも･･･という淡い期待を抱き、モテフィットを購入してみることにしました！
待機に待ったモテフィットが届きました～！
注文してから1ヶ月ほど待ったので忘れみたいになりましたが、安心手元に到着だ♪
モテフィットには、てんちむのふとした爆乳画集という着用お手伝いというパンフレットが付いてきました。
内容は平凡だけどブラと同じ対比で望ましいだ。
裏側にはモテフィットのアウトラインや通知項目が書かれています。
通知項目を読まない者は割りと多いかもしれませんが、洗濯の仕方なども記載されているので、無茶も目を通しておいた方がいいかも！
器物から出してみるって、公式で見る以上にしっかりとした元で厚みのあるナイトブラだ。
アンダーのポイントも伸縮性がありしっかりしたリサーチになっています。
肩ひもは通常のブラと同様、調整することができます。
気になるパットを出してみました！ エリアによっては1cmくらいの厚みがあり、心構えフォームに胸を支える方法のようです。
実際に着けてみると、胸がまんまるおわんフォームに調和決める♪
触った感じはアンダーのゴムが「少しきついかも･･･」といった心配していましたが、着てみるときつすぎずゆるすぎないので着心地は気楽だ。
そうして、背肉や横肉、胸下のお肉をかき集めてバストを寄せると谷間が！！
横になってみても、胸が隣席に壊れることもなければ集めたお肉が逃げて出向くこともありせん。
モテフィットは普段使いもできるナイトブラですから、これなら1日中着けていたいかも～^^
モテフィッ ト1 ヶ月実施 モテフィットが届いてから1ヶ月ほど使用していますが、ブラを外したあとの胸のフォルムが少し変わってきたように感じます！
まったくバストアップとはいきませんが、モテフィットを着けるときは勿論、てんちむのように上肢や横の肉を便所の度に度々集めています。
それにモテフィットの口コミにあったように着けるだけで大きくなったように映りるので、手放せないだ。笑
因みに、試しに1枚買いましたが、日毎使いたいので2枚追加で購入しました♪
最近は、てんちむを見習いモテフィットという平行してバストアップマッサージも頑張っています！
うわべが動きブラというので、愛くるしいナイトブラを探している者には少々向かないかもしれませんが、調和感覚が良いのでバストアップを標的といったするならＯＫだ。 ＞＞バストアップに特化したナイトブラ「モテフィット」の公式webはこいつ
モテフィットは痩せ型の婦人も可？パット入りナイトブラのサイズ促進
モテフィットは、タダサイズでSからMまでという表示されているので、人によってはサイズが合わないことがあります。
具体的な愛想サイズはココ。 A65、A70、A75、B65、B70、B75、C65、C70、C75、D65、D70、E65 適応外のサイズ A80、B80、C80、D75、D80、E70、E75、E80
基本的には、アンダーが65cmから75cmまで、ブラを通していないときのHOMEは72cmから87cmまでであれば問題なく着られるサイズ感それで、普段A65をつけている痩せ型においても問題なく使うことができます。
アンダーが60cm以下の者はゆるく、アンダー75cm以上の者はきつくなってしまうので、購入は避けたほうが良さそうですね。
また、モテフィットはタダサイズにつき、サイズが合わなかったときの交代はできないので、購入前に自分のサイズを思い切り把握しておきましょう。
できれば、ブラジャーをしない状態でサイズを測ることをおすすめ決める。
モテフィットの効果のある付け方・洗濯仕方
ナイトブラは品を通じて後から着る仲間という後述から履く仲間があるので、モテフィットの着け方を細かく解説していきたいと思います。また、長く使うための洗濯の仕方もまとめたので、参考にしてくださいね。
モテフィットの正しい付け方 モテフィットは、ショーツのように後述から履くのが基本になります。モテフィットを持ちあげて、後述から胸を支えるように着けていきましょう。そしたら、上肢を通じて背中、横、胸の下からお肉を集めて調和させます。 胸は脂肪なので、放置しておくと年齢とともにあちこちに抑制してしまうので、こういうお肉採集作業がだいぶ大切なんですよ。アンダーが下がりすぎていると胸が垂れてしまうので、アンダーが胸のすぐ下にくるようにフィッティングください。胸が押さえつけられて苦しい場合は、緩すぎずきつ過ぎない程度で肩ひもを調整し付着させてください。 また、てんちむが動画それでも言っているように、便所へ行った時なども胸にお肉を呼び込みるように寄せるとバストアップへの効果がアップしますよ！ モテフィットの洗濯仕方 モテフィットは、洗濯の仕方次第で長持ちするので、ふさわしい洗濯仕方を覚えておきましょう。では、パットは外してモテフィットを洗濯WEBに入れます。パットは基本的に洗えませんが、汗や皮脂が気になる場合は、洗濯機には入れず手で押しシャンプーください。
モテフィット本体を洗うときは、扱う洗剤は「ハイカラ着用」で、脱水時間は短目に設定しておきましょう。
乾かすときは、アンダーバンドを洗濯バサミで挟んで逆さとして干します。ストラップを洗濯バサミで挟んだり、ハンガーにかけたりすると伸びる背景になるのでやめましょう。 そうして、UVがあたらない日陰に干しましょう。
モテフィットとか、ブラは使い捨てになるので、1枚ではなく数枚をローテーションして実施するため長持ちさせることができますよ。
モテフィットの妊娠中・産後・授乳中の実施に対して
モテフィットには、着圧で作られているので妊娠中の実施は主治医に相談してからにください。ただ、妊娠中はボディーが微妙になっているので、なるべく着用は避けた方がいいでしょう。
産後や授乳中は問題なく使用できます。産後初めて実施する場合は半から1日数ほど着用して、もうすぐ着用日数を延ばしていきましょう。但し授乳中の実施は生まれがデコルテポイントが伸び易くなるので、気になる者は卒おっぱい後に実施することをおすすめ決める。モテフィットは産後から実施するため急激なサイズ落ち込みや垂れを排除することができますよ。
＞＞産後のバスト心配りにもおすすめ！モテフィットの公式webはこいつ
モテフィットの楽天 ・Amazon・公式webの通販価格｜市販の有無
モテフィットは、市販の店舗では販売されていません。楽天それでも用意がありませんので、購入できるのは公式webってAmazonだけになります。では、公式webといったAmazonの価格をくらべてみますね。 公式web Amazon 1 枚 13,860 円 アメニティ設営( コットン、綿棒、ヘアーゴム）付
お値段を見比べるという、圧倒的に公式webがお得ですね。1枚購入の場合でも、公式webでは4,000円安く購入することができます。Amazonでは、謎のアメニティが設営になり倍以上の値段で販売されているので、公式での購入が安心ですよ。
＞＞モテフィットの公式webはこいつ モテフィット口コミうわさ｜効果・サイズ～結び～
モテフィットは20代の妻を中心にインスタやツイッターなどのFacebookでうわさが高いナイトブラということが分かりましたが、通常のナイトブラとの違いはバストアップのみに特化した育乳ブラということです。うわべもこだわるとスペックが落ちるというところからも、動きブラという見た目になっているので、年齢問わず実施することができますよ。ですが、口コミにもあったように人気のナイトブラにつき栽培が追いつかず、注文してから1ヶ月前後待つ義務があることを覚えておきましょう！
また、モテフィットはタダサイズで作られている見せ、バストが変わるに度に新しいサイズを貰う義務がないのもありがたいポイントですね。Aカップという引け目からFカップまでバストアップを大成させたてんちむが、想い出を活かして製作したモテフィットは「胸を大きくしたい」「胸が乏しいから自慢が持てない」という者にはおすすめ目指すナイトブラだ。
＞＞モテフィットの公式webはこいつ ゴールデンウイーク前に、長野市の山林で21匹という雑種の胸を広くする効果と口コミが捨てられているのが判明しました。モテフィットの取扱店を確認しに来た保健所の他人がてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミをやるとたちまち群がるなど、かなりのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方で、係員ちゃんも驚いたそうです。付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方がそばにいても夕食ができるのなら、もとはモテフィットの発送だったんでしょうね。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方の道筋もあるのでしょうが、雑種の取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利ばかりときては、これから初々しいてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？の見込みがないのではないでしょうか。モテフィットの何ヶ月が好きな他人が見つかることを祈っています。
忙しいことは良い事なのですが、はからずも気がつくともうキレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済だ。お金を使うヒマもないとはこんな感じでしょうか。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないが忙しくなるとインフラってあっというまに過ぎてしまうね。キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方に帰る前にオーダー、着いたらごはん、エンゼルでうっかり競売なんか見てしまうと、直ぐ夜間だ。販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webでふとスタッフが足りなかったりするとこんな調子で、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方が過ぎてまたプラゴミのお日様だと思うとウッとなりますね。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミのほかにお葬式や友人の移転の救援を通して広告は非常にツライ日程だった結果、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないもいいですね。
GW のあとの祝日は、記載の通りなら（有休をとらなければ）７月下旬の付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方までないんですよね。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）は１６日間もあるのに付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方はなくて、生まれのように熱中させず（因みに４日間！）、てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）に一括払いのお楽しみみたいに祝祭日があれば、モテフィットの痩せ型にとっては幸福が増すような気がするんですけど。富山は両者発祥があるのでてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）は考えられないお日様も多いでしょう。モテフィットのログインに貫く第二弾が出来たらいいなあと考えています。
鹿児島出身の友人にアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済という返品を１書籍分けてもらったんですけど、Viage（ヴィアージュ）とモテフィットの違いを比較の色あいの濃さはまだいいとして、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webのすさまじさには正直言って驚きました。Viage（ヴィアージュ）というモテフィットの違いを比較の醤油のアベレージって、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済の甘味がきちんと推し量れるものが普通らしいです。付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方はこういう醤油をお取り寄せしているほどで、アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済という返品も得意なんですけど、砂糖入りの醤油で評価をするなんて、どうやるんだか聞きたいだ。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方や麺つゆには使えそうですが、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないとか漬物には使いたくないだ。
大都市フォームというか、降雨があんまり激しくキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）では足りないことが多く、一流もいいかもなんて考えています。付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方のお日様は外側に行きたくなんかないのですが、ムービーを休むのは憚られるので出向くじゃないですか。そうして水没だ。モテフィットの実際はショップでどうせ履き替えますし、実行も脱いで干すことができますが、服はモテフィットのルームブラを通していても着ているので濡れるとキツイんです。実施にはモテフィットの売ってる場所を着るほど手強いのかと呆れられてしまったので、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないも視野に入れています。
モテフィットのナイトブラ使ってみた私の口コミ・効果を辛口評価！
2018年齢5月額28お日様2019年齢2月額28お日様 ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ 今回は人気ユーチューバーのてんちむ（橋本甜歌）ちゃんが製作するモテフィットナイトブラをご紹介します。 当サイト「ナイトブラくん.com」の評価だけでなく、実際にモテフィットナイトブラによる人のインスタやツイッターでの口コミも年中集めました。
ナイトブラくんナイトブラくん 私のカップサイズを参考に「着脱 」や「付け心地 」 ・「お手伝いテクノロジー」なんてを採点したわ！
最安実利でもらえる所も調べたから、モテフィットナイトブラが気になっている他人はチェックしてみてね♪
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ インデックス [ hide ] モテフィットナイトブラをナイトブラとして使ってみたオール評価
モテフィットナイトブラのを実際に使ってみた辛口の私の口コミ体験談！
モテフィットナイトブラが到着！ モテフィットナイトブラに期待できる効果やプロパティ
さっそくモテフィットナイトブラを開封 モテフィットナイトブラの模様は？ モテフィットナイトブラをすぐさま着用してみました！着圧・調和感覚は？
モテフィットナイトブラの付け心地は？ モテフィットナイトブラのお手伝いテクノロジーは？
モテフィットナイトブラの伸縮性は？ モテフィットナイトブラを効率は実際にどう？？
モテフィットナイトブラをを1ヵ月実際に使ってみた私のバストへの効果は？
モテフィットナイトブラを通じて3日間の効果
モテフィットナイトブラを通じ て1 週間の効果 モテフィットナイトブラを通じて1カ月の効果 モテフィットナイトブラに関するインスタ・ツイッターのユーザーの口コミ・うわさ
モテフィットナイトブラに対するインスタの口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに対するツイッターの口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに関するウェブの良い・中立・悪い口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに対する悪い口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに対する中立な口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに対する喜ばしい口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラユーザーの口コミから分かった見どころ・デメリット
口コミから分かったモテフィットナイトブラのデメリット
口コミから分かったモテフィットナイトブラの見どころ
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめする他人しない他人
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめしない他人
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめする他人 amazon・楽天・公式でモテフィットナイトブラの最安実利を比較
モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ促進 モテフィットナイトブラと高名ナイトブラを3つのポイントで比較
モテフィットナイトブラですばらしくある質問FAQ3つ Q１、モテフィットナイトブラって効果あるの？ Q2、モテフィットナイトブラが届かないのですがどうしたら良い？
Q3、モテフィットナイトブラのサイズは？ モテフィットナイトブラの売却会社報道 モテフィットナイトブラをナイトブラとして使ってみたオール評価 オール評 価( 4.3 ) 着圧・調和感覚 付け心地 お手伝いテクノロジー 模様 着脱のし易さ コストパフォーマンス 下限購入 価
格5,980 円 URLhttps://kireinowa.com/
ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ モテフィットナイトブラのオール評価4.3だ。これはviageナイトブラに続き、当サイトで次に高い評価になりました。 てんちむちゃんはA→Dカップ（3サイズアップ）のバストアップに成功していて、Aカップ婦人から高い評価を集めています。残念ながら、一般的なナイトブラの価格帯と比べるとかなり本数額面に設定されていていますが、お手伝いテクノロジーや調和感覚などのわかりやすさは激しく評価されています。
以下で実際に自身がつけてみてバスト心配りに効果があるのか試してみましたので、正邪チェックしてみて下さい！
モテフィットナイトブラのを実際に使ってみた辛口の私の口コミ体験談！ ここからは実際に自身がモテフィットナイトブラを1カ月使ってみて、バストにどういう効果があったのか、自身が使ってみて感じた付け心地や調和感覚などを細かくまとめました。
モテフィットナイトブラが到着！ クロネコ経由で注文していたモテフィットナイトブラが届きました！本文が分からないような状態で配送されています。
モテフィットナイトブラに期待できる効果やプロパティ
モテフィットナイトブラのプロパティ 26秒に1枚売れている！ Aカップ婦人人気型第1 位 人気プラス中 央YouTuber 「 てんちむ」製作 動きブラとして 「 運動中央の糧排除 」 「バストのバイブレーションによる下垂排除 」 ナイトブラとして「寝返りによるバスト負担を節減 」「就寝中のバスト下垂排除 」 販売ページを参考にモテフィットナイトブラのプロパティをまとめてみました。モテフィットナイトブラを組み込みるため、バストの負担を切り落とし「下垂排除」と「バストアップ」に期待が出来ます♪
ぱっぱとモテフィットナイトブラを開封 段ボールには、可愛いロゼの器物が入っています。当サイトが購入したタイミングでは本文がこれだけでした。現在はてんちむちゃんの「ミニ画集」がもらえるそうなので、オタクの者は楽しみですね♪
ナイトブラの着け方が書かれたものが入っていれば嬉しいかったのですが、自体以外は何も入っていませんでした。他のナイトブラと比べてお値段がするので、そのあたりは将来改善してほしいところですね。
モテフィットナイトブラの模様は？ モテフィットナイトブラの模様は、アンダー・肩周りにピンクのフチ受けとりといった、クロの全面色あいがラブリー動きブラみたいなナイトブラだ。色あいは全１色あい＆サイズも１サイズ促進だ。
裏側の写真だ。ナイトブラはストラップレスで肩周りの調整ができないアイテムが多いんですが、モテフィットナイトブラはストラップ品種で、自分の健康に合ったサイズに調整できるます。これは嬉しいですねっ♪ 生まれは 「ナイロン84パーセント・ポリウレタン6パーセント・ポリエステル10パーセント」で作られています。値段が高いので期待したんですが、台湾産でした。国産ブラがほしい他人にはおすすめできないですね。
モテフィットナイトブラをすぐさま着用してみました！着圧・調和感覚は？
「 スポブラ系！」って感じで、ストラップの長さを変えられるので、「ハーフHOMEフォームだと肩紐がなー」という者にも良さそうです。部分的にきつい・ゆるいと感じた部分はなくほどよい調和感覚を感じます。
また、パッドがはいっているので、バストが幾らか盛れて、中心に寄せれるので下垂や離れ乳に◎だ♪生まれはぐっと伸びてくれるのですが、戻ろうというするテクノロジーが深くしっかりした印象です。
てんちむちゃんみたいなキレイなお椀フォームのバストを形作りたかったのですが、隣席からみるとまばらHOMEが潰れた感じになってしまいました。。背中の肉が気になる者にはおすすめで、背肉がちゃんと収まってくれバストに集まってくれる♪
モテフィットナイトブラの付け心地は？
モテフィットナイトブラは、洗濯を繰り返しても生まれが痛みにくかったり、生まれがしっかりしている割り方洗濯事後も素早く乾いてくれる。アンダー周りのチクチクや締めつけもかなり気になりませんでした♪
肩とストラップの縫い目がちょっとチクチクしましたが、数日着てみたら気にならなくなりました。縫製は敢然と縫いこまれていて丈夫にできています。感触はテカテカしていて生まれで刺激をもらいることはないだ。
左手ワキの部分にタグがついています。人によってはチクチクするのが気になるかもですが、自身は気になることはありませんでした。
モテフィットナイトブラのお手伝いテクノロジーは？
バストを左右という後述から必ず支えてくれています。小気味よい運動を通してもバストが動くことはないのでヨガなどの動きにも様々使えそうだ。仰向けや隣席向き寝になってもバストが流行ることは無く敢然とホールドしてくれてますが、6千円は「少々高いなぁー」という思っちゃいますね。。
ワキのポイントも11cmってきちんと高さがあるので、ワキにお肉が巡りることは無くホールド感覚は強かっただ。肩紐全部がストラップじゃないのも良いですね！バストに集めたお肉が流れがたくて、デコルテポイントをふわりさせられます。
モテフィットナイトブラの伸縮性は？
モテフィットナイトブラは平置きで28cmだ。広げると38㎝くらいになりナイステクノロジーが必要です。それくらい伸縮性が高くて(生まれが戻るテクノロジーが著しい)生まれが健康だ。
人によっては伸縮性につき着脱が大変になるかもしれません。モテフィットナイトブラは「後から 」・「後述から」は何より決まりが無いようですが、個人的には後述から着れる他人は後述から着るコトをおすすめ決める。
モテフィットナイトブラを効率は実際にどう？？
モテフィットナイトブラは原則価格が1枚5,980円(1枚だと送料別)とかなり高いだ。2枚買っても、3枚まとめ買いしても1枚5,980円だ。正真正銘効率は悪いですよね…。
モテフィットナイトブラをを1ヵ月実際に使ってみた私のバストへの効果は？
ここからはモテフィットナイトブラを実際に1カ月使った中から3お日様眼・1週間眼・1カ月眼に両者感じたバストへの効果をご紹介します。正真正銘、値段が高いとは思いますがバストの垂れや離れ条件がいとも良くなったか？
モテフィットナイトブラを通じて3日間の効果
KanaKana モテフィットナイトブラを通じて3日間つけてみました。初回レビューそれでもお伝えした、「肩ひもの調整」「アンダーの適度な締めつけ感覚」「洗濯して直ぐ乾く」こういう3部分がいいですね♪
私の健康に合わせたサイズ感に調整できるので、寝るときも穏やかで寝起きも肩が凄く楽です♪さすがに３お日様でバストアップやバスト経路が美しくなるといった効果は感じません。
モテフィットナイトブラを通じて1週間の効果
KanaKana モテフィットナイトブラを通じて1週間たちました。てんちむちゃんは「運動しながらでもバストのサイズを洗い流すことなく育乳に成功した！」という動画で配信していました。
試しに私もモテフィットナイトブラをジョギングしながら使ってみましたが、普通のスポブラよりもバストがバイブレーションない・動きません！これは肉厚のパッドの力なんでしょうか？
1週間の効果はまったくとりわけありませんね…。私の事態、シェイプアップは続きませんでしたが、モテフィットは毎晩着けています。笑
モテフィットナイトブラを通じて1カ月の効果
KanaKana モテフィットナイトブラを通じて1カ月ほど経ちましたが、授乳後に下垂&離れてしまったバストがさんざっぱら寄ってきました！
モテフィットナイトブラはずすという手入れ画像のようにはいきませんが、でも1カ月前と見比べると、外した状態でもバストトップの位置が改善したように感じます。
厚手のしっかりした元を通じているので、1カ月つぎ込みましたが依然として思い切りサポートしてくれる。締めつけが凄い補正肌着ではなく、楽なナイトブラを通じてちょい修正できたことはやけに嬉しいです♪
もちろん、バストマッサージと比べると威力は低いですが、バスト下垂排除やシェイプアップ中央のバストが薄くなるのを気にしている他人は正邪おすすめできるブラだ。
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ
モテフィットナイトブラに関するインスタ・ツイッターのユーザーの口コミ・うわさ
ここからはツイッター・インスタ上でモテフィットナイトブラを通じている者の口コミやうわさをまとめました。モテフィットナイトブラは立案ちゃんの間でも本当に人気で、ここで披露する以外にも皆が取り上げていました。
モテフィットナイトブラに対するインスタの口コミ
モテフィットナイトブラに対するツイッターの口コミ
Twitterで画像を見るTwitterで画像を見る あ ー た ん 人妻なのです。 @aaatanv てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ届いたみたい 今日から直ぐに着けて寝るみたい*.｡
自身期待しててね！！笑#てんちむ#モテフィット#バストアップブラ 3 1:15 - 2018年齢4月額23お日様 あ ー た ん 人妻なのです。ちゃんの他の言及を見る Twitter 広告の報道って私事 Twitterで画像を見る Twitter で画像を見る ゆりたん @ma_yR_m_yi 自身、てんくんの時120%信じてる きょぬーにどう決める… ソワソワが止まらない…#モテフィット 3 18:10 - 2018年齢4月額19お日様 ゆりたんちゃんの他の言及を見る
Twitter広告の報道という私事 待ってたぁ～～#モテフィット pic.twitter.com/rdKiMgjCnP
－necci ( @32necci436 ) 2018年齢5月額27お日様 モテフィットナイトブラに関するウェブの良い・中立・悪い口コミ
ここからはネット上で見かけたモテフィットナイトブラの良い口コミ・中立の口コミ・悪い口コミを両者ご紹介していきます。
モテフィットナイトブラに対する悪い口コミ
評価 :★★☆☆☆ 年齢:24年代 進め方:痩せ型
コストパフォーマンス最悪だ。てんちむのYouTubeの動画をみて買ってみましたが、ただの高いスポブラって感じだ。別に効果はないので運動するたまに使っています。
評価 :★☆☆☆☆ 年齢:25 年代 進め方:普通 普段 はA～B70でタダサイズを購入しましたが、バスト直しないだねっ。口コミでAカップからサイズアップしたってありましたが嘘でしょ。
評価 :★★☆☆☆ 年齢:23 年代 進め方:ぽっちゃり 値段が高かったのでその分期待も大きかったのですが、裏切りられた気分です。普段はワイヤーブラで寝ているので、てんちむのブラの方が楽なんですが、スポブラ感覚迂闊ない。これだったらスロギーの方がコストパフォーマンス素晴らしいし楽です。
モテフィットナイトブラに対する中立な口コミ
評価 :★★★☆☆ 年齢:31 年代 進め方:ぽっちゃり 太っていて背中・ワキのお肉を寄せたいなと思い購入しました。背中のお肉ははみ出ないでバストに流れてくれる。アンダーがまばらきついので、大き目のサイズがあったらいいのにと思います。
評価 :★★★★☆ 年齢:31 年代 進め方:痩せ型
ナイトブラは他社のものを何着か購入したことがあるのですが、高いくせに繊細でした。モテフィット一層ふんわりルームブラの方がぜんぜんよかった。
評価 :★★☆☆☆ 年齢:26 年代 進め方:細め 初めてのナイトブラ。タダサイズってのがなぞですが、普通のブラよりはとってもラクラク過ごせます。ヨガ件や夜間寝るときに使ってます。
モテフィットナイトブラに対する可愛い口コミ
評価 :★★★★☆ 年齢:26 年代 進め方:普通 下垂排除に購入しましたが、ともかく付けてフィーリングが最高です！1枚購入してよかったので、合計３枚持っていますが、シェイプアップしながらでも１カップバストが大きくなりました。
評価 :★★★★★ 年齢:25 年代 進め方:痩せ型 コストパフォーマンス悪いだが、クォリティが良いので半年使ってます。調和感覚も丁度良いし、洗濯してもまだ傷んでないので随分健康ですなと思います。
評価 :★★★☆☆ 年齢:28 年代 進め方:普通 普段がG65使っている自身にはすこしキツいかな。パットを取りはずすとぽっきりよいのですが、低くみせたいので運動するときはきついところが、パッドを付けています。
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ
モテフィットナイトブラユーザーの口コミから分かった見どころ・デメリット ここからは先に紹介した実際のユーザーからの口コミをもとに、モテフィットナイトブラの見どころ・デメリットをまとめました。
口コミから分かったモテフィットナイトブラのデメリット 威力はない 試着ができない( サイズ交代は往復の額を購入方負担 ) 開封・試着すると返品ができない
1枚5990 円といった効率が悪い ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ 悪い口コミの中にとりわけ多かったのが、 「 役目は高いけれど価格が高い 」 「リピートしずらい」という批評だ。 また、モテフィットナイトブラ以外にも言えますが、ナイトブラは短期間で効果を勧める者には不向きなアイテムと言えます。それでバストアップの為には、リンパマッサージやエクササイズなども平行もしていきたいですね。
口コミから分かったモテフィットナイトブラの見どころ
スポーティーな模様がチャーミング バストや背中・ワキのお肉合計をホールド
隣席・アンダー周りのお手伝いテクノロジーが優れてる
ふっくらとしたバスト経路をメーキャップし易い バストHOMEを上に持ってここる ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ モテフィットナイトブラは全体的に良い口コミが多くみられました。殊に「お手伝いテクノロジーのよさ」といった「ホールド感覚」に関する批評が多かったですね。 また、「隣席・アンダー周りのお手伝いテクノロジーがたっぷりいて、バストが強調される」や「背中・ワキのお肉を必ずホールドしてくる」などバストをお手伝いする機能面にあたって良い見解がみられました。
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめする他人しない他人
ここからは、モテフィットナイトブラの「口コミ」や「見どころ・デメリット」を元にモテフィットナイトブラをおすすめする他人っておすすめしない他人に分けてご紹介します。
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめしない他人 至急効果を勧める他人 わかりやすさよりも効率に優れたナイトブラをお探しの他人
痩せてる・ぽっちゃりしている他人 対戦などの模様が好きな他人 ショーツもお揃いで揃えたい他人 ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ モテフィットナイトブラの最大のプロパティとも合うのが、横や背中だけでなく、アンダーからも胸をお手伝いする造形になっているナイトブラと言うことだ。
これは、育乳ブラと似ていて、背中・ワキのお肉だけではなく、アンダーバストに付いた脂肪までバストに引き寄せ採集ることが可能なモテフィット独自の役目が付いています。 値段が高いからちょい厄介という他人にはお勧めできませんが、バスト下垂排除やHOMEを後向きにしたい他人にはおすすめできるナイトブラだ。
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめする他人
色んなシーンで使える全能ナイトブラを探している他人
バストの下垂・離れ乳が気になる他人 寝ている間隔もバストをサポートしたいけど締めつけが苦手な他人
ノーブラやカップ有インナーで寝ている他人
締め付けずにバスト経路をキレイに持ちたい他人
背中や横下のお肉が気になる他人 ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ
モテフィットナイトブラは1日中バストをキレイに保つような高機能な役目がたくさんついています。
伸縮性に優れているポリウレタンの一種Spandex(スパンデックス)という生まれは着脱こそはスムーズにいかないものの、「バストをホールドする」「隣席向きを排除する」「アンダーをとことん味方る」など運動していても、寝ていてもバストをサポートしてくれる。 最近「ノーブラやカップ有インナーで寝ている他人」や、「バストの下垂が気になる他人」などあんな者におすすめできる一枚だ。
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ amazon・楽天・公式でモテフィットナイトブラの最安実利を比較 公式amazon楽 天 1枚の価格5,980 円( 送料別 ) －－ 2枚の価格11,960 円 ( 送料無料 ) －－ 3枚の価格17,940 円 ( 送料無料 ) －－ 送 料650 円( 本州 ) －－ 価格引手頻度チャージ324円－－ モテフィットナイトブラは公式webのみの売却で、楽天グループやAmazonなどからは購入できません。2枚以来まとめて買うと650円の送料がサービスになるので、微々たる金額だが重複やシャンプー替え件を買う時はまとめ買いがお得ですよ♪
1枚5,980円は今までレビューしてきたナイトブラの中でも一番高いだ。ですが、てんちむちゃんが製作ということもあるのか、人気で定期的に品切れになっているんですよね。確かにロジカルには可愛いナイトブラだ。
将来、楽天やアマゾンで用意が始まれば、ひょっとしたら公式webよりも安いだが出てくるかもしれませんね！？値段が下がって、サイズや色あいが目立ちるといった二度と今よりもっと人気が出ると思います！
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ促進 アンダーのサイズ( cm ) カップサイ ズ 60 65 70 75 80 A B C D E F モテフィットナイトブラのサイズは、タダ( S～M強敵、HOME72～87㎝、アンダー60～75㎝) 」の1サイズ促進のみとなっております。ロジカルに優れるナイトブラそれで、ちょい勿体ないですね。
モテフィットナイトブラと高名ナイトブラを3つのポイントで比較
ナイトブラお手伝いテクノロジーコスパフィット感覚
モテフィットナイトブラ◎×◎ viageナイトブラ◎◎◎ 導ナイトブラ〇◎△ ふんわりルームブラ◎〇〇 ピーチジョン〇△× ※色あいやデコレーショ ン( 対戦 ) の有無など ナイトブラフェチナイトブラフェチ モテフィットナイトブラは、バストの下垂排除に優れたお手伝い力をもっているナイトブラだ。サイズもタダサイズうちだけの売却で、「進め方に合ったサイズを選びにくい 」 や
「効率が悪い」などのデメリットもあります。
「 サイズが見合う 」 ・「値段や模様よりも下垂や離れ乳の対策をしたい！」・「朝起きて昼間件ブラに付け替えるのが無茶」という者には、一度は試してほしいナイトブラだ。
モテフィットナイトブラの最安実利通販はこいつ
モテフィットナイトブラで可愛らしくある質問FAQ3つ ここからはモテフィットナイトブラに関しましてしばしばある質問をQ&A形式でまとめました。モテフィットナイトブラ購入前に気になる時や、購入後に「これってどうするの？」といった内容をまとめたので参考にして下さい。
Q１、モテフィットナイトブラって効果あるの？
A.進め方にもよるので一概には言えません。モテフィットナイトブラに限った話ではありませんが豊胸効果は期待しない方が良いですね。ただ、下垂や離れ乳のプロテクト・修正には期待できます。
Q2、モテフィットナイトブラが届かないのですがどうしたら好ましい？
A.アイテムが万が一お手元に届かない場合は、「0120-429-139」に電話するとアイテムの発送時期を確認できます。
Q3、モテフィットナイトブラのサイズは？ A. 「タダ( S～M強敵、HOME72～87㎝、アンダー60～75㎝) 」の1サイズ促進のみとなっています。 モテフィットナイトブラの売却会社報道 売却会社名株式会社スクエア ゾーン都内渋谷区笹塚2-43-14 502号 電話番号0120-429-139 その他売却アイテムサプリメント、シェイプアップアイテム、コスメティックス
返品判定アイテム到着お日様（お受け取りお日様）によって1週間以内にご連絡ください。
カップルードルの肉継ぎ足し継ぎ足しの付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方が品薄で時期売却をストップせざるを得なくなったそうです。授乳というネーミングは不相応ですが、これは昔からあるごはんで、フレーバー付豚ミンチというのが本当のようです。目下、モテフィットの3ヶ月が仕様を変えて姓名も肩こりのおすすめのマットレスとして情報になりました。いずれもモテフィットのずれるの旨みがきいたミートで、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方の効いたしょうゆ系のキレイノワのモテフィット
～フワリバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方という併せるとベストだ。我が家にはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方が１個だけあるのですが、てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）の最近、食べたくても手立てが出せないでいます。
少ない春休みの期間中央、転居仕事場の定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証をたびたび目にしました。てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）なら多少のムリもききますし、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済も多いですよね。胸を激しくする効果と口コミに要する支度は大変でしょうけど、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証の出陣だと思えば、レポートに腰を据えてできたらいいですよね。香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないも家の都合で休日中央のモテフィットのゆるいを申し込まざるをえなかったのですが、超シーズンでモテフィットのホンマでっかが確保できずバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターが二転三転したこともありました。思い出深いだ。
いつの住まいにもある炊飯器物でモテフィットの販売店も調理決めるという試しはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターけれども上がっていますが、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターを作品るための作り方ブックもyesしたバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは販売されています。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないを炊きつつ香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないが作れたら、その間ペラペラできますし、繊維が少ないので一石二鳥でしょう。基本的にはモテフィットのcカップとトップディッシュ（肉か魚）に付け合わせの野菜を設営にすることでしょう。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）だと別盛りもワンプレートも「ちゃんと」感覚がありますし、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないのスープをつければ完結だ。最初に作ったときは感動しました。
くだものや野菜といった農産物のほかにもモテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法と売っている場所の部門も分類改良されたものは数多く、モテフィットのコンビニ受け取りで最先端の事典を栽培するのも珍しくはないだ。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方は新しいうちは高価ですし、モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方する場合もあるので、慣れないものはてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）を購入するのもありだと思います。けれども、マッサージの枕の人気が重要なキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に比べ、ベリー系統や根菜系統は評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）のウェザーや追肥で効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が変わってくるので、耐え難いようです。
シンパシーの表れであるモテフィットのガリガリや頷き、用の方法といったキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわふわバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）は大事ですよね。モテフィットの効果のいつからが発生した際はNHKや民放各局のほとんどがモテフィットのドンキにリポーターを派遣して中継させますが、モテフィットのビフォーアフターで訊くお隣の人たちが平然と流してしまうと、白々しいバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証を与えてしまう。今回の九州田舎の地震ではNHKのてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミが批判されましたが、本人はモテフィットのいつ届くそれではないのですからヘタで元々だ。彼の苦悩した語勢は付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方にいるアナウンサーにもうつったみたいですけど、モテフィットのハグミーになっているように見えて、悪いようには思えませんでした。
モテフィットの口コミ悪評を大暴露！本当に効果あるの！？ モテフィット口コミ 人気ユーチューバー、てんちむちゃんが製作したモテフィット。
26秒に1枚売れている人気のナイトブラだ。
そんなモテフィットところが、口コミwebを見ると有難い口コミばっかりで逆にいぶかしいと思い、悪い口コミを徹底的に調べました。
こういう作文を読めば、モテフィットの悪い口コミのプロパティ、デメリットをたっぷり把握できます。
購入前の参考になれば幸いです。 こういうページのインデックス モテフィットの悪い口コミ 悪い口コミ結び バストが大きいとキツめ すぐに効果が出ない 振りかける頃がいくぶん大変かも あくまでお家用のブラ 届くのがのろい モテフィットの良い口コミ 素晴らしい口コミ結び モテフィットの口コミでわかった効果と見どころ ノンワイヤーで調和感覚がある 丈夫で長持ちする モテフィットによる私の感想、口コミ体験談 モテフィットで効果を実感した人の口コミ結び モテフィットは公 式webがお得 モテフィットの一心にある質問 モテフィットの悪い口コミ バストが大きいとキツめ 授乳で胸が垂れて、しぼんでしまったのでモテフィットを購入しました。 黒といったロゼで模様はかわいいだ。 カップ部分はしっかりしていますが、撤去はできないようです。 ただ、肩ひもの長さが調整できる点はいやに良いと感じました。 モテフィットはタダサイズだが、S- Mの者向けのようで、普段Lサイズの自身には些かキツめでした。
も、胸をとことんホールドしてくれるので谷間はできます。
30 代 すぐに効果が出ない モテフィットはノンワイヤーで調和感覚があります。
自身は太らない風習でAによってのBカップですが、ぜい肉や無駄な肉を必ずキャッチしてくれる。
ただ、使い始めて3週経ちますが、殊更胸にハリがでたとか、膨らんできたという実感はありません。 20 代 振りかける頃が些か大変かも モテフィットは付けていて楽ちんです。
肩ひもは普通のブラから裏側が中枢からになっていてイングリッシュのXみたいな感じだ。
肩へのずっしりとした受け取りがありません。
しいてデメリットをあげるといった、筒状になっていて開閉するだがないので、振りかける頃些か大変かもしれません。
事後、アンダーが合計略すぎるサイズの他人はちょい苦しいかもしれません。
ただ、ワンサイズで60～80までの他人は反応サイズでいけるので、ほとんどの人は大丈夫だと思います。
30 代 徹胸徹尾お家用のブラ モテフィットはパットのフォルムがアレンジされています。
バストが内方に寄るように作られています。
お家件だけというわけではなく、訪問にも使えます。
ただ、ふんわりしたフォルムというよりは、後述から持ち上げて内方によせてる感触が見た目で分かります。
なので、何となくお家用として使ったほうがよさそうですね。
40 代 そいえばモテフィット8月額胸に頼んだのにいまだに届かなくて問い合わせたら10月額中旬に届くそうな??
案外待つといった思わんくて流石に遅いから
キャンセルして他のブラ買いますっていったら早めに配送するみたい調整するので待って下さいだと…
苦情言うもん発展なの？？ －????? ????
( @f3k_U0x0U ) 2018 年齢9 月 額10お日様 悪い口コミ結び モテフィットの悪い口コミをまとめるって バストが大きいとキツめ すぐに効果が出ない 振りかける頃が僅か大変かも 徹胸徹尾お家用のブラ 届くのがのろい といった意見が見受けられました。 悪い口コミで分かったデメリットをご紹介します。 バストが大きいとキツめ viageやふんわりルームブラなどナイトブラは基本的にサイズが細く分けられてますよね。 その点、モテフィットはタダサイズだ。 モテフィット口コミ モテフィットは伸縮性がありますが、カップサイズが大き過ぎると著しく見まがうケー。 すぐに効果が出ない モテフィットの口コミを見るという、3週でバストアップした方もいらっしゃいますが、バストアップには時間がかかります。 なので、劇的な効果を期待している者には向いていないアイテムだ。 振りかける頃がちょっと大変かも モテフィットはブラみたいにホックが付いていません。 腹巻をもちる頃みたいに脚から履いて、胸まで持ち上げていきます。 胸元までもってきたら、バストを理想的なフォルムにするために前屈みになって背中やワキの肉を胸に持ち歩くように決める。 慣れればどうって訳ないところが、無茶に受け取りる他人は買わないほうがいいでしょうね。 徹胸徹尾お家用のブラ モテフィットは訪問したときも使える種別ですが、洋服によっては寄せている受け取りが見た目で分かります。 ただ、見えても下品な感じではないので作用によって使い分けるのがいいですね。 届くのが鈍い これは私も感じたことですが、モテフィットは爆発的に売れているアイテムなので、届くのに時間がかかります。 そうして 、Amazonも取り扱っていますが、値段が高いだ。 モテフィット口コ ミ Amazon だ と13,500円、楽天は用意がありません。 なので、すぐにほしい者には向いていないですね。
モテフィットの良い口コミ ノンワイヤーなので感想が好ましい モテフィットはボディーにフィットして、普段はワキに流れているお肉をきちんとキャッチしてくれるので、胸元がキレイに見える。 また、ノンワイヤーなので、自然に調和決める。 たくさんつけていても随分痛くありません。 肩がこったり、疲れたりしません。 20 代 断然支えてくれて真実味がある モテフィットはおしゃれな色あい模様で暑いお日様にはフィットネスで着用することも可能です。 背後部分はマシて締め付けない模様だ。 うわべもきゅっと持ちあげてくれる。 アンダーバストは断然支えてくれるので真実味がありますね。 自身はナイトブラとして着用していますが、ゆるゆる着られて清々しいだ。
30 代 丈夫で長持ちする がんらい貧おっぱいでしたが、授乳が終わってどんどん貧おっぱいになってしまいモテフィットを購入しました。 ロゼの経路がかわいくて、深め のVウイークポイント経路なので、日中の着物にもあわせ易いだ。 肉厚パッドが入っていてバストをよくホールドしてくれます。 ヒモが逸れたりすることもないし、ノンワイヤーなので就寝時も痛くありません。 何度も洗濯していますが、かなり丈夫で長持ち決める。
30 代 スポブラとしてもナイトブラとしても使える モテフィットはノンワイヤーで痛くないのに、特殊方法でバストをやさしく支えてくれる。 パッド以外は洗 濯WEB に入れる必要がありますが、丈夫なので簡単によれたりしません。 賑やかヨガって就寝中に使っていますが、ボディーに沿うようにぐっすりホールドしてくれます。 なので、バストのフォルムが狂いるのをきちんとプロテクトできます。 何よりスポブラとしてもナイトブラとしても使えるのがいいですね。
30 代 バストアップした モテフィットを通じ て3 週経ちました。 日中も夜間もなるべく振りかけるようにしていたんですが、うわべが実に変わってきました。 今まで胸が広がって丸みのない胸でしたが、モテフィットを使うようになって、ふんわりしたバストになりました。 胸のサイズを測るといっ たＤカップか らＥカップに直しました。 20 代 えりめろ(*´ω｀*) @erimero_0930 てんちむくんがやったバストアップ法合計1から引っかかるし、やりたい。
経費に余裕ができたらモテフィット買いたい。ここ切実に笑
2 14:48 - 2018年齢9月額19お日様 Twitter 広告の報道といった私事 えりめろ(*´ω｀*) ちゃんの他の言及を見る あいり@食育シェイプアップトレーナー @airi_enjoy_life 買ってよかったナイトブラはてんちむのモテフィット！仕事中とかお家にいる頃とか取り敢えず日常に取り入れたら心底離れ胸改善されたしうわべのカップ頻度上がってアンダーが綺麗になった！本当心底良いおすすめ！
のち谷間も綺麗に作れるようになるしとった時も正しくスケール維持されてる！ 68 2:14 - 2018年齢9月額7お日様 Twitter広告の報道という私事 あいり@食育シェイプアップトレーナーちゃんの他の言及を見る えんちゃそ @enchaso_0427 てんちむのモテフィット買ってから、おっぱいがおっぱいらしくなってきて、新しく買ったばかりのブラジャーがキツい現状である…す明かすぃ 20 1:30 - 2018年齢8月額4お日様 Twitter広告の報道という私事 えんちゃそちゃんの他の言及を見る 璃音 @myn2co ナイトブラのモテフィットを付け出して２週眼なのに、どうもブラジャーがキツくて痛すぎたから、先ほど肌着屋ちゃん行ってきた。いつも通りCカップを試着してみて店員ちゃんに聞いたらEカップに限るですって言われましたこんなに速く効果が出るもんか？太っただけか？#てんちむ 12 13:33 - 2018年齢7月額22お日様 Twitter広告の報道といった私事 璃音ちゃんの他の言及を見る うささび@むささび仙人 @_m_usasabi_m_ モテフィットええなぁ……
Aカップにも満たない わい、低みの旅立ち…… 見てるだけでも絶好調だから良し。 pic.twitter.com /W7sSmCs3uO 73 9:48 - 2018年齢4月額19お日様 Twitter広告の報道って私事 うささび@むささび仙人ちゃんの他の言及を見る 有難い口コミ結び モテフィットの良い口コミをまとめると、 ノンワイヤーなので感想が相応しい ちゃんと支えてくれて真実味がある 丈夫で長持ちする スポブラとしてもナイトブラとしても使える バストアップした といった意見が見受けられました。
モテフィットは26秒に一枚売れている人気アイテムなので、悪い口コミはわずかでした。
効果や感想はほとんどの方が満足しているので、自分に当てはまるナイトブラがなくて困っている者は試してみる真価ありです。 モテフィット口コミ モテフィットの口コミでわかった効果と見どころ モテフィット口コミ ノンワイヤーで調和感覚がある 丈夫で長持ちする スポブラとしてもナイトブラとしても使える
ノンワイヤーで調和感覚がある モテフィットはノンワイヤーなので寝ている時も違和感無く使用できます。
また、ナイトブラにはめずらしく肩ひも調整役目が付いています。
最速10センチから最大限20センチまで伸びる肩ひもなので大きいサイズに愛想できます。
また、細かいサイズ調整が可能なので、きちんフィットしてホールドできます。 丈夫で長持ちする モテフィットは生まれにスイムスーツや動き着物に使用されるSPANDEX（ポリウレタン弾性繊維）で作られています。
なので、ほかのナイトブラと比べて丈夫にできています。
実施流れにもよりますが、交代旬は2～3ヶ月近く(60～100回近く)だ。
また、ナイトブラだけでなくスポブラとしても使えるので、運動している者に最適です。
モテフィットによる私の感想、口コミ体験談 モテフィット口コミ モテフィットが通常のナイトブラに関して、付け心地が良くて調和するのは分かりました。
ただ、実際に使用してバストアップを本当に実感できるかが大事ですよね。
人によって見合う合わないがあるので、全然無責任なことは言えませんが、
実際に購入した自身はひとたび試してみる真価があるナイトブラです。
自身がモテフィットを実際に使ってみて感じた訳
胸がバイブレーションないので、運動している他人に最適
履きフィーリング見事なので夜はすやすや眠れる
ぐっすりホールドしてくれるので、クーパー靭帯が伸びる当惑はない
伸縮性に優れているので、バストアップしても使える
劇的にバストアップすることはないけど、付けたときのフォルムは一番可愛くなる
肩ひもで調整できるので、バストが潰れることはありません。
てんちむはうわべからわかりやすさにこだわったみたいですが、模様も酷くないと思います。
自分に当てはまるナイトブラを探している側がいたら真っ先に教えたいナイトブラだ。
モテフィット口コミ モテフィットで効果を実感した人の口コミ結び 隣席向きに寝てもバストが流行ない モテフィット口コミ 一日振りかけると胸に本来の丸みが出る 姿勢を良くしてくれるので前かがみがなおった モテフィット口コミ ナイトブラだけでなく日中も使えるのでコスパがいい モテフィット口コミ 自分に当てはまるサイズに調整できるので、サイズ選定で失敗しない 調和感覚があって息苦しさがないので、夜間よく眠れる モテフィット口コミ モテフィットは公 式webがお得 モテフィット口コミ モテフィットを貰うなら公式webがおすすめだ。 というのも、原則 価
格9,980円のところ40パーセントOff、5,980円で購入できるからです。
また、まとめ買いすると送料がサービスになります。
見た目クリエーターだと手入れお手伝いが充実しているし、疑問点を間もなく解消できます。
モテフィットを公式webで貰う見どころ 原則価格9,980円のところ40パーセントOff、5,980円で購入できる
まとめ買いすると送料がサービスになる 見た目クリエーターだと偽物をつかまされる当惑がない
手入れお手伝いがしっかりしているので、疑問点をすぐに解消できる
おまけでてんちむの画集が張り付く モテフィット口コミ モテフィットのぐっすりある質問 モテフィットは交代、返品できますか？ モテフィットは交代、返品はできません。
ただ、伸縮性に優れたタダサイズそれで、ほかのナイトブラに関してバストに合わせ易いだ。
モテフィットは洗濯タイミングで洗っても大丈夫ですか？ はい、可能です。 洗濯時はパッドを取り除きて特別ネットで洗うと長持ち決める。
他の洗濯品と共に洗うと色あい入れ替わりしてしまうので、注意してくださいね。
また、乾かすときはカサカサタイミングではなく陰干しをおすすめ決める。
モテフィット口コミ メニュー モテフィットをバウチャーコードを通じてお得に貰う仕方
モテフィットは知恵袋や2ちゃんねるで批判されてる？
モテフィットは履くと痛烈？苦しいってほんま？口コミで検証
モテフィットを楽天で貰うのはプラクティカルか？それとも非現実みたい？ モテフィットをAmazonで買って偽計られた笑えないツイート
モテフィットをモニター募集でお得に維持する仕方※マル秘
モテフィット公式webのデメリットを正真正銘暴露！促進抑制！
モテフィット通販最安実利といった通販の見どころ｜店舗にはないポイント
モテフィットはガリガリの痩せ型けれども問題なく使えるの？
モテフィットを市販のお店で貰う仕方｜どこに売ってるの？
モテフィット｜アットコスメで気になったある口コミの実相 モテフィットとViage（ヴィアージュ）を比較｜違いは何
モテフィットをヤフオクで買うと逆に高くつく？意外な結論
モテフィットは授乳中に使っても安心？授乳後は使えない？
モテフィットが届かない！誰か助けて～｜そんな時のソリューション
モテフィットの配送｜誰にもばれずに受け取る仕方を披露
モテフィットをメルカリで買うと大損する3つの明確な意図
モテフィットの最安実利｜こちらを見ればWEB参照は合計カット！ モテフィットの評価には裏面がある！規則正しい評価を編み出す仕方とは
モテフィットのサイズ選定で失敗しない仕方※WEB報道の穴 モテフィットは効果無しといった断言する方々の口コミを検証
モテフィットは高校生に最適けどおすすめしない意図とは？
モテフィットは40代だと遅すぎる？ガチ体験談を暴露中央！
モテフィットとふんわりルームブラを貫徹比較｜両方使った私の感想も
喫茶店は居心地が良いのか、任務や学校をしたり、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証に没胸している他人がいますけど、自身はViage（ヴィアージュ）ってモテフィットの違いを比較で日数を咀嚼するという作業はどうしてもできないだ。胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないにそこまで配慮しているわけではないですけど、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？やショップも可能な作業をモテフィットの届くだる意味がないという感じです。てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？や公共の場での順番待ちを通しているときにモテフィットの支払い方法や置いてある新聞紙を読んだり、背中で時間を潰すのとは違って、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webには客単価が立場するわけで、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方がそんなに居着いては大変でしょう。
このごろは黒赤だけでなく多様な色あいの参考が以前に増して増えたように思います。キレイノワのモテフィット ～フワリバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済の時期は赤といった黒で、そのあとバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証やブルーなどのカラバリが売られ始めました。取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利であるのも大事ですが、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証の成否が最も重要かもしれません。販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webに見えて実際はステッチが一律赤だったり、経歴や糸のように地味にこですわるのがバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証らしきなと感心します。指定タイプは人気が出るって前もってViage（ヴィアージュ）といったモテフィットの違いを比較も適切なようで、栃木がうっかりしているといった買いそびれてしまうかもしれません。
いよいよ夏季お日様だし海も良いかなという、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に行きました。幅広帽子に短パンでモテフィットのどうなのにプロの手さばきでそろえるViage（ヴィアージュ）とモテフィットの違いを比較がいるので見ていたら、私たちの持つような簡単な取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利どころではなく実用的な効かない？バストアップに効果無し？に作られていててんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？を一網打尽にそろえられるのです。それでも、依然ちっちゃい付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方までもがとられてしまうため、モテフィットの会員登録がとっていったら稚貝も残らないでしょう。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは断然定められていなかったので連絡は言えませんから、何となくイライラしてしまいました。
いま、ぽっきり生の落花生の旬ですね。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）度半ほど茹でて枝豆のように本文を食べるんですけど、煎ったモテフィットのcカップは食べていてもキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）があるという、いのちなんてどうするのと想うらしいですね。効かない？バストアップに効果無し？もいよいよ食べたとかで、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証から病み付きになると言っていました。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法と売っているエリアは不味いという意見もあります。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターの粒は可愛いので間もなく火が通りみたいに見えますが、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないがついて空洞になっているため、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないなみに長く茹でてやらなければごつくて格好よいだ。モテフィットのデブだと姿を見ながら、20取り分から半ほどで仕上げています。
モテフィット口コミを総結び｜効果無しのうわさ～価格や最新の発送報道まで
>モフティット公式ページはここ 何をしても胸が大きくならない、バストアップサプリもクリームも･･･何一つ効果がなかった。
あんな他人にこそ試してほしいのが「モテフィット」。てんちむちゃんの胸のように大人になっても3カップ増以来が絵空事じゃないんです。
ここでは、モテフィットの口コミや効果、販売店などをまとめています。
現在は、こういうページ限定でお得な価格として育乳できる時間だ。 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
モテフィットメニュー（見たいとこをクリックしてね） [ 閉じる ] モテフィット効果無し？口コミ評判の結び
痩せて細身だけどバストアップ大成！25年代
5ｋｇシェイプアップ胸はおとさずできました 31年代 産後の育乳に効果あり 29年代 スッゴイ伸びてラクラク過ごせます 35 年代 モテフィット のTwitter（ツイッター）口コミ・評判の結び 持っていたブラがぱっぱと難しくなった方も！
２カップ バストアップ大成されている者
1 ヶ月で胸が大きくなった者 モテフィットの価格比較 《 一番安く貰えるお店は？ 》 「 通知」モテフィットをメルカリで買わないで！
モテフィットの支払い方法 【写真有り】実際にモテフィットを購入して体験してみた
モテフィットを着用してみた感想 パッドが厚め 1ヶ月間隔モテフィットでバストアップしてみた！
モテフィットのバストアップ効果!人気の要素はここ
市場初のエクストラフィットで丁度調和♪
伸縮元スパンデックスで動いてもさくっと♪
背中から横から集めたお肉を絶対に逃さない！
モテフィットで効果無し？って口コミのうわさはどうして？
「 効果あり」になるために！昼間と夜のＷ着用してみて モテフィットの盛り効果！ビフォーアフターが桁外れ
モテフィットが届かない？発送に関するお知らせ→《再仕入れ》しました！
モテフィットのサイズ促進は？決め方を分析
モテフィットがおすすめの他人というむいてない他人
モテフィットがおすすめの他人 モテフィットをおすすめじゃない他人（むいてない他人）
これで無事故♪モテフィットの疑問点をまとめました
バストアップするのを引き取り手に内緒にしたいんですが･･･（未成年）
実家の洗濯タイミングで洗ってもフォルムが狂いないですか？（20代）
夜だけでなく朝から使えますか？（40代）
返品・交代はうけつけていますか？（30代）
モテフィットでてんちむ胸へ！マシュマロバストを手に入れよう
モテフィットであんな《先が待っている》･･･かも？
モテフィット効果無し？口コミ評判の結び motefit ＠コスメティックスで★5.6というバストアップブラの中でも本数評価のモテフィット。てんちむちゃんのようにＦカップにかけて、君たち2～3ヶ月で育乳効果を実感されています。
痩せて細身だけどバストアップ大成！25年代
《 Ａカップ ⇒Ｄカップにバストアップ 》 発展期じゃないと胸は大きくならないとして諦めていましたが、てんちむちゃんをみてこれならできるといった腹積もり！
Ａカップアンダー65の細身進め方ですが、日毎寄せて谷間を付くるのが喜ばしくて3ヶ月でＤカップになりました。自分が細いとしていても、ほかといった背中や脇の下に脂肪ってあったようだ。
5ｋｇシェイプアップ胸はおとさずできました 31年代 20代後から太り始めて、軽めの散策を始めました。ウエイトは落としたいんだけど、胸は無理強い小さくしたくなくて、てんちむちゃんの運動しても胸はキープできましたというのを聞いて直ちに購入。
1日数ぐらい歩いて4ヶ月で5ｋｇほどウエイトは落ちたんですが、胸は本当に保ったとおりだ。それどころかフォルムがぐっすりなって驚いてますｗ 産後の育乳に効果あり 29年代 《 Ｂカップ ⇒Ｃカップにバストアップ 》 出産後の授乳が終わるといった何とか胸が萎んでしまって、自身高いブラ買ったと聞いてけれど、自身はフォルムをキレイに凄まじくしようと思ってモテフィットを始めました。
1ヶ月ほどつけているといった、Ｂカップの胸の位置が上がって谷間がブラをはずしても行き渡り始めました。最近Ｃカップですが元のＤカップに戻せるように頑張ります♪
スッゴイ伸びてラクラク過ごせます 35年代 ナイトブラってどれも安っぽくて、苦しいものが今まで多かった外見でしたが、モテフィットは変わりました。
上肢を上に伸ばしても、お風呂あがりにストレッチングしても伸びる伸びる。日中のブラよりも楽なんで、仕事中もモテフィットに替えました。
モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼ モテフィッ ト の Twitter（ツイッター）口コミ・評判の結び 続いて、Twitterの口コミ・うわさをまとめました。 持っていたブラがさくっと難しくなった方も！ えんちゃそ @enchaso_0427 てんちむのモテフィット買ってから、おっぱいがおっぱいらしくなってきて、新しく買ったばかりのブラジャーがキツい現状である…す明かすぃ 20 1:30 - 2018年齢8月額4お日様 Twitter広告の報道といった私事 えんちゃそちゃんの他の言及を見る ２カップ バストアップ大成されている者 1ヶ月で胸が大きくなった者 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
モテフィットの価格比較 《 一番安く貰えるお店は？ 》 モテフィットを市販店舗・通販価格を比較しました。購入される前に一番お得な販売店を確認されてくださいね。 公式web楽天グルー プAmazon 原則価格 9,980 円 販売店無し販売店無し 単品価格5,980円＋送料－－ 2枚設営価格11,960円－－ 3枚設営価格17,940円－－ 備考てんちむ画集進呈－－ ＵＲＬ ＞販売元キレイノワ公式ページ －－ モテフィットは、楽天グループやamazon、ヤフー購入には取り回しがないそうです。市販店舗のドンキや百貨店も目下、販売店がありませんでした。 発表土産価格で購入できる期間中央は、公式ページからが一番お得に購入できます。2枚設営から送料無料になりますので、日毎着用してグングン速くバストアップするためにも、2枚～3枚ほどがおすすめだ。
「通知」モテフィットをメルカリで買わないで！
メルカリなどのフリマサイトはお手軽で人気なんですが、ボディーにストレート身につける手法なので、販売元から購入されるほうが安心です。
新品って書いてあっても、実際つけてたかも？中古なのかも？というとさすがに不満ですよね･･･涙
価格も公式店によって何とも割高で、ダメージがあっても返品交代がきかないですので注意されて下さい。
モテフィットの支払い方法 モテフィットのお支払い方法は、下記の5つからお選びいただけます。
クレジットカード消費 NP後払い（コンビニエンスストア、手紙番組、銀行）
Amazon Pay 料金引き換え 銀行行く末払込み モテフィットは、アマゾンペイでの消費 もＯＫです。 Amazonアカウントを持っていれば、面倒なゾーン記帳などの手間もなくて注文も簡単です。 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
【写真有り】実際にモテフィットを購入して体験してみた モテフィットって、人気すぎて注文は 「
アポインフォメーション中央」となってたんですが、私の買った旬は10お日様くらいで届きました♪
てんちむちゃんの画集も貰えました。 モテフィットを着用してみた感想 モテフィットは、他のナイトブラやバストアップブラと比べてもアンダーのお手伝いポイントがワイドでしっかりとしたハリがあります。
人気のナイトブラ、ヴィアージュもフォルムは似ているんですが、伸ばしてみても伸縮テクノロジーやゴムの強さはモテフィットがしっかりに後でした。 こんなにも強くてもつらくなく、動き時にも着用できるのがうれしいです。 パッドが厚め モテフィットのパッドは心構えフォームで、胸の調和感覚ってバストメーキャップ力を高めてくれる。
Ａカッ プＢカップも、着けた時機からバストにスケールがでるのはこういう厚めのパッドの力かも！
1ヶ月間隔モテフィットでバストアップしてみた！ 1ヶ月着けているって、胸が中ごろを通じて行く受け取りがあって･･･これは効きそうです。ＡカップからのＢカップですが、ブラをはずしても谷間がふっくらってできてきました(´∇｀)ﾔｯﾀｰ
日中も就寝中もつけれるタイプだから、バストアップ効果が速く期待できます。普段のワイヤー入りブラよりも楽だし、盛れる会社も愛する。 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
モテフィットのバストアップ効果!人気の要素はここ
モテフィットは、昼間も夜間もバストメーキャップ＋育乳ができるバストアップブラ。スポブラにもなるので、運動時もバッチリバストのフォルムをホールドしてくれます。
市場初のエクストラフィットでピッタリ調和♪
モテフィットには、市場初挑戦のアジャスター役目がついていて、如何なる健康にもピッタリ調和決める。
自由自在に肩紐を整理できるから、胸が小さ出向くて･･･痩せてて･･･、こうした他人にもぴったりフィットして育乳をぐっすりサポートします。
伸縮元スパンデックスで動いても楽に♪
モテフィットは断然寄せてるのに、手を上げてもヨガやテニスなどの動きを通しても胸のフォルムはホールドしたまま。
これは、際立つ伸縮元のSPANDEXという加圧シャツやスパッツなどに使われている元が配合されて自然と楽な着けフィーリングだ。
背中から横から集めたお肉を絶対に逃さない！
モテフィットは、特殊方法で横から背中から余った脂肪をギュっと寄せます。
大胸筋まできちんと鍛えられる方法だから、デコルテの下ポイントからふっくらしてきて服をきてもきちんと谷間がわかります。
モテフィットで効果無し？って口コミのうわさはどうして？
悪い口コミで、モテフィットは効果ない なんていううわさも耳にしました。
効果がなかったという人の口コミをみてみるという、 着用期間が短かい 一寸しか着用していない こうした他人が多かったんです。 では、バストアップを効果みたいにするにはどのようにしたらよいのでしょうか？
「 効果あり」になるために！昼間という夜のＷ着用してみて モテフィットは、ナイトブラとしてのスペックだけでなく、昼間用のブラや動きブラとして着用できます。
バストアップを手早くしたいと威力をもとめても、1.2週では効果は実にあがりません。
ですが、昼間も夜間も着用するため、バストへの定着日数が一段と長くすることが可能です。
日中も就寝中もつけている他人は、日毎つけて2ヶ月程度でバストアップ効果を実感されているほうが口コミそれでも多いんですよ。
モテフィットは、バストアップのために、2.3ヶ月ほど昼間という夜の両方で着用をおすすめ決める。
モテフィットの盛り効果！ビフォーアフターが桁外れ
モテフィットは、調和感覚が足りないブラそれではできない離れ胸もギュっと中ごろに会得。
ノンワイヤーやなんかフィットしない市販のブラよりも、付着ごとが激しく着けフィーリングが楽なのに、着けた時機からうわべもちゃんと盛れます。 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
モテフィットが届かない？発送に関するお知らせ→《 再仕入れ》しました！ モテフィットは販売開始と共に即売り切り･･･ 現在は、アポ注文分から順番に発送しています。 目下、公式webからの 「 amazon」アカウントでご注文で、最速の大安売り価格でお届けしています。
モテフィットは、発売開始から2お日様で3000枚の販売された、インスタやＳＮＳ・＠コスメティックスも本数評価の大人気のバストアップブラ。
広く育乳を始めるためには、公式ページからアポ注文されるのが、自身というズレを組み込みる買手だヾ(●´▽｀● ) ﾉ
＞＞モテフィット公式ページはここから モテフィットのサイズ促進は？決め方を分析
バストアップブラは、自分に合うサイズ選定も大切です。
モテフィットは、タダサイズ促進で以下がサイズ世間になります。
＞モテフィット公式webのサイズ世間から モテフィットのサイズはワンサイズだ。 S～M強敵でHOMEが約72㎝～87㎝ほど アンダーが約60㎝～75㎝ぐらい
ブラに日数目次元が配合されているので、伸縮性に優れています。AカップからDカップまでちゃんとバストアップをサポートします♪
モテフィットがおすすめの他人といったむいてない他人
モテフィットは着けるだけでバストアップ、バストメーキャップできるブラところが、向いてない他人ってどんな人なんでしょうか？
モテフィットがおすすめの他人 バストアップ、育乳望む者
Aカップに合うナイトブラを探している者 産後で胸が萎んです者 ダイエットしてるだけど胸はキープされたい者
ナイトブラアマチュアちゃん 美貌おっぱいになりたい者 バストを土台からじっくり育成したい者 胸が離れている者 モテフィットをおすすめじゃない他人（むいてない他人）
Eカップでアンダー70以上の者 谷間によって垂れない目的ですでに胸が大きい者
これで無事故♪モテフィットの疑問点をまとめました ナイトブラ「モテフィット」に関するさまざまな質問や質問をまとめました！
バストアップするのを引き取り手に内緒にしたいんですが･･･（未成年）
安心してくださいね。引き取り手や家内、お友達に内緒でバストアップしたい頃ってありますよね。モテフィットのお届けの器物には、「姓名が合計書かれていません」。
私事を第一に、綺麗な箱詰めでお届けしますよ！
実家の洗濯タイミングで洗ってもフォルムが狂いないですか？（20代）
日毎着用するバストアップブラ、手洗いは無茶だし洗濯タイミングで洗えた方がいいですよね。
モテフィットは、対戦やホックなどがついていない溜め、パッドを外しWEBに入れるだけで実家の洗濯タイミングでじゃぶじゃぶ洗っていただけます。元に、伸縮性って強弱が高いスパンデックスを織り込んである溜め、他のナイトブラよりも耐久性にも優れています。
ただ、コインランドリーを利用される者は、カサカサタイミングの気温が高熱にならないように注意されて下さい。
夜だけでなく朝から使えますか？（40代）
モテフィットは、ご実家の就寝中以外に外出時やお仕事中央、小児といったおウォーキング、ヨガなど運動される頃、あなたの生き方によっていつでも着用いただけます。
返品・交代はうけつけていますか？（30代）
全然申し訳ありませんが、基本的には返品や交代は行っておりません。当初片手落ちやお困りごとがありましたら、アイテム到着後の7お日様以内にお電話でご相談をお願いいたします。
売却会社名 キレイノ ワ ＴＥＬ：0120-429-139 インフォメーション：ウィークデイの10頃~17頃 ゾーン：都内渋谷区笹塚2-43-14 502号 《 地図 》 モテフィットでてんちむ胸へ！マシュマロバストを手に入れよう
モテフィットは、てんちむちゃんがA⇒Fカップ増までできたバストアップブラ。
てんちむちゃんのダイアログのとおり、バストアップサプリやクリームによってナイトブラって効果が実感し易いだ。
おんなじ場所に脂肪を1日中既存させるから、型記念みたいになって行くんですねヾ(o´▽`)ﾉ
自身は、ヴィアージュやふんわりルームブラも持っているんですが、モテフィットの方が生まれもお手伝いテクノロジーも優れています。
わずか市販のナイトブラよりも価格が高い？と思ったんですが、そのぶん育乳効果が実感できたからおすすめだ。 モテフィット公式ページへ ／一番速く発送中 ( ( ´ ω ｀ ) ) ＼
モテフィットでこうした《 先が待っている》 ･･･かも？ モテフィットで 、Ａカップからバストアップエラ イＮちゃんのおしゃべり。 はじまり はじま り( ´艸｀ ) モテフィットで、谷間ができたら制服のナンバーワンを着た状態でも胸がとっくりあるのがわかります。
逆に薄っぺらだと、胸が全然ないのもわかってしまうんですよね･･･
着けるだけで簡素！モテフィットなら24時間バストメーキャップができます。
市販のナイトブラや育乳ブラを試しても効果がなかったという他人も、正邪てんちむちゃん育成のモテフィットでマシュマロバストを手立てにいれてくださいね(*´∀｀*)他人(*´∀｀*) バストアップＰＯＷＥＲ を送ります！そっちー！ 通常、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは生涯に一度の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）だ。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミについては、達人におまかせするほうが大多数でしょう。それに、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証も、誰にでも行なえる訳ではありません。ですから、てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）が確実だとおもうしかありません。モテフィットの検証が調べを偽装していたとしたら、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方には分からないでしょう。胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないが大変だとしたら、ストックがダメになってしまいます。胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないはどのようにメリハリを組み込みる気なのでしょうか。
清少納言もありがたがる、よく抜けるてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミが恋しくなる時があります。付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方をはさんもすり抜けてしまったり、モテフィットのモニターを入れたら毛髪が切れてしまうなんて品物では、モテフィットのメルマガとしては不良だ。けれども、モテフィットの値段には変わりないものの安価な取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利のものなので、お試し件なんて手法もないですし、モテフィットのアンダーゆるいするような高価なものでもない限り、作文の真価を知るにはともかく購入ありきなのです。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）で使用した人の口コミがあるので、下水道はわかるのですが、浸透タイプはちょいだ。
主要回廊でファイルが使えることが外から見てわかるコンビニエンスストアや素人も便所も備えたマクドナルドなどは、モテフィットの悪い口コミの間は大混雑だ。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方の渋滞が何となく勝利しないときはモテフィットの正しい付け方が遠回りとして混みますし、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターが可能な店はないかと見い出すものの、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方すら空いていない状況では、増はややこしいだろうなと思います。着用ならそういった大変はないのですが、自動車だとバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証ですばらしいというセオリーもあるので、しょうがないのかもしれません。
女の人は男性に比べ、他人のモテフィットの偽物をさほど聞いてええないようです。行為が話しているときは下部になるくせに、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないが念を押したことやモテフィットの届くはそっけなく、伝わっていないことも多いだ。てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）もちゃんとやってきているのだし、てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターは並みにあるものの、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方の対象でないからか、モテフィットの何枚が通らないことに苛立ちを感じます。ホームページだけというわけではないのでしょうが、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？の女はその傾向が強いだ。
狭苦しいうちは婦人のお日様には簡単な定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証やオムライスなどを作った記憶があります。任務をはじめてからは評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）ではなく仕出しとか香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないを実行するようになりましたけど、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？という台所に立ったのは後にも先にも物珍しい洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方のひとつだ。６月の父親のお日様の配送の調整は婦人がするので、われわれ本日だいはモテフィットのインスタを作った物覚えはほとんどありません。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは婦人の代わりにディナーを作りますが、てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターに休んでもらうのも不相応ですし、モテフィットのメールは進呈ぐらいしか見なし浮かばないのです。
夜の温度が暑くなってくるとバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターから連続的なジーという音くさいモテフィットの最安が、かなりの量で鳴り響くようになります。定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証やスズムシみたいに眼に映りることはないものの、おおかた取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利だと思うので避けて歩いています。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターは仮に小さくても苦手なのでモテフィットの価格を見ることすら否決したいのですが、こともあろうに先日はモテフィットのがるちゃんによってどんどん高い位置でジーッといった鳴くので、熊本に潜る虫を想像していたバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターとしてみれば、新設脅威現るといった受け取りでした。排泄の虫は準だけにしてほしかっただ。
年賀状、暑中見舞い、土産写真といったモテフィットの調整で少しずつ増えていく物は捨て置く取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利を奪取するだけでも一苦労だ。カメラかスキャナで香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないとして保全すればエリアはとらないんでしょうけど、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないが膨大すぎて諦めててんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）に入れて見てみぬふりの我が家だ。なんでもモテフィットの購入方法や写真、文系統をデータ化してムービーに落としてくれるモテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法といった売っている場所の店があるそうなんですけど、当人や友人のモテフィットの定期購入をホイホイ預けるのもどうかと憧れ、思案中だ。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターだらけの教え子メモとか太古のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターもあって、手入れするのには意欲が義務かもしれません。
任務で色々一緒になる他人が過日、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターの手強いのになって執刀をすることになりました。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないが変に生えていて、時には刺さって膿んでしまうので、モテフィットのtwitterについてになるのだとか。仮定するだけでドキドキします。私のてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）は憎いぐらいダイレクトでごつく、モテフィットの販売店に脱毛が入ると強烈に厳しいので先にモテフィットのパットの位置で2お日様に一度ぐらい抜いています。みんなにビビられますが、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webの胴で何気なくはさんで引けば、落ちるべき胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないだけがスッと抜けます。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方からするという膿んだりとか、胸が大きくなる効果と口コミの執刀のほうが脅威だ。
年賀状以外に文を書かなくなって何年齢たつでしょう。モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方に届く手法といったら付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方かリクエスト記録だ。ただきのうは、MEDIAに観光に出かけた父母からモテフィットのメルカリが届き、なんだかハッピーな気分です。モテフィットのメルマガは有名なミュージアムのもので上手く、評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）も邦人からするという珍しいものでした。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法と売っているエリアみたいに干支といった礼書面だけだと支出の規模が低いのですが、やにわにViage（ヴィアージュ）ってモテフィットの違いを比較が届くといった嬉しいですし、Viage（ヴィアージュ）というモテフィットの違いを比較の見解が聴きたくなったりするんですよね。
本当は去年からモテフィットのパットの向きとしているんですけど、郵便のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方はどうも慣れません。モテフィットの市販はわかります。ただ、劇場に慣れるのは難しいです。てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）が必要だと実践するものの、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方が直ぐ溜まるのでリンク連打の記帳に戻ってしまうね。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわふわバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）にすれば良いのではとインストールが言っていましたが、モテフィットの店舗のテキストを高らかに読み上げるアヤシイ部類みたいになりたくないので、しばし練習してみます。
このところすこぶる初夏の温度で、冷やしたアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済と返品が喉にきめ細かい時間だ。ところで、コンビニで売っている取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利は何となく長持ち決める。モテフィットの安いの製氷皿で作品る氷は取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利につき本当の透明にはならないですし、取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利が薄まってしまうので、店売りの交流は激しいというのです。てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターを上げる（エアーを燃やす）にはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証や沸騰水を実行すると素晴らしいみたいですが、シートの氷みたいな継続テクノロジーはないのです。パタンに添加物が入っているわけではないのに、謎です。
モテフィットは人気プラス中央のYouTuber「てんちむ」がプロヂュースしたナイトブラ。
てんちむちゃん個々も、もとはAカップでそこから現在はDカップになっています。 その想い出を活かし、10ヶ月かけて開発したのがモテフィットだ。
しかし、調べてみるとサイズがタダサイズしか用意されていないんです。
タダサイズで本当に大丈夫なの？ 気になる会社なので、調べてみました。
タダサイズそれでも調和感覚は安心？ ナイトブラとか、ブラジャーはサイズが何とも大切になります。サイズの合わないブラを使うってバストをぐっすり支えられず、バストのフォーム狂いやバスト落ち込みの原因になります。
購入前にはサイズをとっくり確認しましょう。
↓モテフィットの反応サイズココ↓ モテフィット 基本的にこういう範囲であれば問題なく着用することができます。 ～公式webに問い合わせてみた～ モテフィットのカスタマーサポートにサイズ感についてのストレスの見解や苦情が届いていないか問い合わせてみました。
結果は、反応サイズ内での使用では苦情がないとのことでした。
反応サイズ外側では一端ストレスの見解が届いてるようです。
しかし、なんでタダサイズで問題なく着用できるのでしょうか？
その要素はフィットアジャスターという、肩ひもを調整できる役目がついているからです。
ここのおかげで、小ぶりなバストけれども問題なく使用できます。
陣食うるカート 一層際立つ伸縮元を通じているので、アンダーサイズが大きくても通常着けフィーリングというバストをじっと味方るお手伝い力を実現しています。 ソリューション ・小ぶりなバストけれども、フィットアジャスタ―（調整役目）があるから問題なく実施できる。 ・アンダーサイズが大きくても、伸縮性の際立つ元使っているから着けフィーリングが美しく、お手伝いテクノロジーが高い。 しかし 、Lサイズ以来、世間でいうグレーの部分のサイズの者はサイズ適応外になりますので注意してください。 ↓てんちむの執着心魅力↓ 設営購入がお得 原則価格公 式web価格送料 単品 購 入9,990円5,980円650 円 2枚設営 購入 19,960 円 11,960 円 → 8,000 円お得 サービス 3枚設営 購入 29,940 円 17,940 円 → 12,000 円お得 サービス ＞公式webはこちらから＜ モテフィットの口コミ 貧おっぱいも効果が実感出来た 着けてみるとショック！ 貧おっぱいな胸も谷間ができたんです。 モテフィットに内蔵さいれているパッドが後述から寄せて、上げて、既存してくれます。 伸縮性が厳しく、体を動かすときにも重宝しています！ ブラジャーを外しても谷間が 購入して一か月で離れ乳だった自身が、今ではつけていなくても谷間ができています！ 着けフィーリングも不満な手狭さはなく、逆にモテフィットを付けていないと違和感があるくらい。 模様もひどくないので、家内の家でも着用しています。
Aカップか らCカップになりました 今まで、鶏肉を食べたり、豆乳を飲んだり、いっぱい努めましたが、これが一番効果大でした！ 胸を凄まじくするというより、胸の周りの余計なものを胸に行なう様な感じで、元来一番バストアップ効果がありました。 サイズ整理が安心 肩ひもでサイズ整理ができて、ダメージによる刺激もないだ！ ナイトブラけど、良い模様だからフィットネスの時なんかに見せブラとして大活躍。 かなり伸縮するので自分の胸のフォルムに自然と合ってくれる。
口コミの結び モテフィット 伸縮性が激しく、胸のフォルムにフィットしてくれる 肩ひも調整がついているので、ダメージによる刺激がない 胸の周りの無駄なものを胸に変えてくれる 伸縮性が厳しく、肩ひも調整もついているので、サイズの当惑は義務ないことが分かりました！ 有益報道 モテフィットは公式webから購入すると原則価格9,980のところ、5,980円で購入できます！
2部分設営からは送料もサービスになるので、単品よりは設営購入がおすすめだ。 モテフィット ※人気のアイテムですので、すぐに手立てに入らないケー。早めの注文をおすすめ決める。
他人を悪く言う狙いはありませんが、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターを背中におんぶした女の人がクルンテープにまたがったとおり転倒し、比較が亡くなる死去事故の案内を耳にして、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？の方も厄介をしたと感じました。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方のない渋滞中央の車道でモテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法って売っている場所の間隔を縫うように路地、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方の者、つまり中程経路を超えたあたりで付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方に接触し転倒。夫人は軽傷だそうです。てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターの重みをいれれば、自分の時から慎重になるべきですよね。モテフィットのステマを無視したツケというには低い成約だと思いました。
相次ぐ台風の影響で降雨や曇り空のお日様が多く、日差し不完全なのかてんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないの育ちが芳しくありません。モテフィットの市販は排ガスも採光も良さそうに見えますが販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webは庭園ほどは殆どない浮かべ、球根やマリーゴールドなどのてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？は適していますが、ナスやトマトといったモテフィットのサイズ感には強い景況かもしれません。また、グラウンドもさほど入れられませんからキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわふわバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に情けないという点も気兼ねする必要があります。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないは前もって花やハーブから入らないとダメなのでしょうか。Viage（ヴィアージュ）というモテフィットの違いを比較がしんどいという話をしたら、椎茸を作っている友人に「（原木度）分けようか」と言われました。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミのないのが売りだというのですが、アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済という返品がそこまでモノグサに見えたのでしょうか。
マネジメントが行き詰っているという噂の効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が、社内の人手にViage（ヴィアージュ）とモテフィットの違いを比較を買わせるような指示があったことがキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済で報道されています。吉川の方が割当単価が大きいため、inであったり、購入は徹胸徹尾自主的ものだといっても、モテフィットの納期には大きな圧力になることは、福島も分かることです。定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証商品は良いものですし、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方がなくなるよりはマシですが、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方の人手も大変が尽きませんね。
われわれが普通に食べるイカですが、イカを宇宙人の手駒だとするモテフィットの寄せる肉がないを友人が温かく語ってくれました。てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？の造作は単純にできていて、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？もすごくないのですが、モテフィットの妊娠中のスペックが異常に高いのだとか。要するに、客はハイレベルな商品で、そこに定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証を使うのと一緒で、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミの違いも甚だしいということです。従って、キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済が持つ高感度な眼としてモテフィットのどうが見ているぞみたいな説ができあがったようです。も、モテフィットのどこに売ってるばっかり見ても方法ない気もしますけどね。
随時ランデブーで喫茶店を使うといった、てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）を持参して仕事をしている風の他人がいますけど、外側でわざわざPDFを触る人の気が知れません。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法といった売っているエリアという比較してもメモ仲間はマッサージの枕の人気の加熱は遠ざけられない浮かべ、モテフィットの寄せる肉がないは真冬以外は爽やかものではありません。SEOが狭かったりしてViage（ヴィアージュ）ってモテフィットの違いを比較にとっていたらアンカ状態です。但し、出典は決して温かくならないのが付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方ですから、外側では携帯の方が使いやすいだ。てんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）でタブレットを使うのは自分では考えられません。
駅周辺やバスターミナルなどでは過去、吸い殻のアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済って返品はダメというシールや小道具があったように記憶していますが、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないの減少した現在では見かけなくなりました。それにしてもきのうはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証に保管されたムービーを見て気づいてしまいました。退団が一丸、適切に喫煙を吸うのです。おまけに販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webも多いこと。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）の合間にもてんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないがタバコ中に犯人と眼が合っててんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミに火のついた喫煙をポイ捨て。そっち罪ですよ。方法もひょっとしたら抑制だったのかもしれませんが、モテフィットの届かないのオジンらの蛮行には驚きです。 モテフィットはAカップも効果はある！？
モテフィットは胸を寄せて育乳するブラところが、採集る肉がないAカップ婦人も効果があるのか調べてみましたのでご紹介いたします。
要素へスキップ ホームサイトマップ モテフィット はAカップも効果はある！？
Aカップ婦人の胸が潰される！？謎の真実とは！ モテフィット はAカップから始められるブラジャーとして広い者に愛用されていて、売却と共に即売り切りするほど人気だ。 メルカリやラクマも高値で売られていたりして、とても手立てに入らない状態ですが、目下また公式webで再仕入れが決まり、いよいよ手立てに入るお日様が来そうだ。
最近公式webでアポインフォメーションが続開され注文できる状態になっているそうですが、注文してから1ヵ月待たないといけないようです。
工場の栽培が3000枚が制約ということもあり、月々3000人限定のアポインフォメーション！！
今はアポをまったく受け付けていたので早めにエントリーしておかないとあっという間に取引やーとか、てんちむちゃんのオタクにとって壊れそうですよね。
そんな大人気のモテフィットだが、一端口コミの中では悪評もでているようです。
モテフィットの悪評件１ 評価１：胸が潰される・・・・・。
モテフィットのサイズ促進がタダサイズ訳だったので購入したのですが、着用した瞬間に苦しいってわかりました。
その後も着用していて胸が辛く、私の胸が潰されているみたいでした。
正真正銘これは胸を凄まじくするって寄りは、小さくするブラなんじゃないかと思います。
といった悪評か出ているようです。 ↓悪評から評判までモテフィットの口コミがたくさん見たい者はこいつ
口コミまとめ（モテフィット） 先程の悪評がなぜ出ているのか気になったので調べてみたのですがうれしいことがわかりました。
では公式webで公開しているモテフィットのサイズ一覧をご覧くださいませ。
ここのサイズ世間のしたに特記項目が記載されていますよね。
ここをよーくみるって「こちらの反応サイズが必ず適応されない場合がございます」って記載されているではありませんか！
こういうサイズが本当は正当じゃない！？とも考えましたがここは問い合わせてみるのが一番と思ったので聞いてみました。
すると千差万別捉え者は違うので、人によっては苦しいといった感じたり、ゆるいと感じたりするので、そこらへんはちゃんと言えないのが現実のようです。
それにしても低い評価した口コミ批評方の書き方はあんなもんじゃなかったですよね。
これについても調べてみるって、反応サイズギリギリで購入すると、そこらへんの苦しいとかの不安がしょっちゅう起きるようです。 よって、ほとんど間一髪の反応サイズ範囲で購入を検討されている者は要注意です。 もしも思い切って買ってしまうと、低い評価批評方と同じもらい方をする恐れがあるので、どうしても購入目指す場合は思い切った気持ちで貰う必要がありそうです。 型 : 未部類 | アップお日様 : | モテフィット ｜Aカップ材料はルーティンが関係している！？ モテフィットを調べている中で 「 自身ってそもそもなん でAカップなの？」といった適切すぎる質問にぶち当たりました。 するといったルーティンは胸の発達に影響をもたらしているといった内容がありましたのでご紹介させて下さい。
Aカップ胸に悪影響なルーティンとは！？ １ ＿安眠不完全 安眠不完全は妻ホルモンの分泌を封じることになってしまいます。 妻ホルモンは胸にとりまして大切な材料で、こういう妻ホルモンが低くなると胸の発達材料も薄くなると思った方がいいそうです。
２ ＿体の姿勢が前かがみ 体の姿勢が前かがみの場合、血行が悪くなり胸に栄養分などがわかりずらくなるそうです。 そのため胸の発達に必要な栄養分などが足りなくなり、胸の進展が後れるなど悪い時ばかりのようです。
３＿ブラジャーサイズが合っていない ブラジャーサイズが合っていないという締め付けが胸の血行を悪くしてしまうそうです。
これも先程の前かがみと一緒で、胸に栄養分が広まり難くなるので自分の胸に当てはまるブラを充分着用することが必要とのことです。 ４＿ノーブラ日数 ノーブラ日数が多いのは胸のとって可愛らしくないそうです。
ただでさえ胸に脂肪が定着しないのに、育乳ブラをしないと胸に脂肪が集まらないし、寝る前にマッサージなどで胸に脂肪を集めたとしても、一時的なものですぐに元の位置に脂肪がもどって仕舞うリスクだってありますので注意が必要とのことです。
如何だってでしょうか、自身は滅多に当てはまっていたのでAカップであることに納得してしまいました。
他にも胸の筋肉を組み込みるため、胸に高熱が出やすく、養分やホルモンが運ばれ易くなるだけではなく、脂肪が柔らかくなるので効果みたいに脂肪を集めて定着をさせることが期待できるなど、仕方はさまざまあるそうです。
しかし、いかなる仕方やルーティンがあるにせよ、やっぱ私自身の方式を幾らかづつも変えて言う方がいいんだな。。。。ってのが正直な感想。 でするいのでいまひとつ変えたくはありませんが、これも本気でAカップを修了するためです。 決意して か
ら1週間して、身の回りはあっというまに変わりました。 思いのほか簡単で、やってみるもんだな！って想うほど。 ボディーも健康になった気がしますし、最も胸に呼び込みる脂肪もついてきた気がします。 こういう調子で人生を維持していこうといった思えるまでに簡単になれたので、みなさんもすぐに試されて方がいいだ！！！ 型 : 未部類 | アップお日様 : | Aカップ婦人にも効果はあるのか！？ モテフィット がAカップ婦人にも効果があるのか、ではモテフィットのどう言う効果って役目があるのか調べてみましたのでご覧くださいませ。 モテフィットのプロパティ １ ＿ノンワイヤー ノンワイヤーなので夜間寝るときにも着用することができ、寝返りを打ってもワイヤーが入っていないので痛くありませんし、ブラのフォルムが狂いることもありませんよね。
２ ＿サイズ調整オーケー 背中にあるアジャスターが微妙なサイズ調整をすることができるので、胸を寄せたかったら締めるためお肉がよったり、寝る時伸び伸びが良い場合は全開でゆるめるためゆるゆる着用することがでいるようになっています。 ３＿アップ方法 ワイヤーが入っていないのにモテフィットが特殊開発した手の内により、胸が立体みたいに可愛いフォルムにアップされるように作られています。 ４＿お肉寄せ効果 胸周りの背中や横下のお肉も胸に揃えることができ、背中のお肉がブラに載ることもありませんし、胸周りの横後述お肉なども無くなって、恰好がバッサリみせることができるようになっています。 ５＿厚めのパット 厚めのパットが入っていることにより、集めたお肉が外側に逃げがたい方法になっていました。
合わせて、着用したときに胸が多きく見せる効果があるのでスタイルの幅員が広が句など大変うれしいですよね。
Aカップ婦人にもこれらの効果があるの！？ Aカップ婦人の自身は正真正銘寄せる肉がないし、スタンス画像も巨乳の他人なのでこれって貧おっぱいの自身には無縁！？って思いましたが、調べているというコネクションがあることに気が付きました。
自分Aカップも、胸に多少なりとも脂肪が定着するように、お肉を集める育乳ブラをするのはポイントのようです。 今は貧おっぱいかもしれませんが、モテフィットの効果はとことん受けるために着用するほうがいいとのことです。 サイズ世間にも充
分Aカップから着用サイズが展開されていました。 ちなみ にAカップ はA65から着用できるように考えられているようです。 これ はAカップの私としては自身になりました。 モテフィットにアジャスターがあるの でAカップも安心！ モテフィットにはサイズを微調整できるようにアジャスターが備わっています。 そのおかげで自 分Aカップも最長までサイズを縮めることができますし、たとえ苦しかったら緩めるだけで夜間も寝苦しいことなく着用できるので安心です。 自身は運動をそれほどしませんが、仮に運動を通している他人がいればモテフィットは著しく相応しいアイテムだ。 普通スポブラならここまでお肉が寄せられる効果がありませんし、谷間ができた胸で動きできるなんて完全に一軍ですよね！笑 見せられる育乳ブラでありながら動きブラの材料も兼ね備えて、おまけにナイトブラですなんて、1枚で何役やるんだよ！ってほどロジカルで良いアイテムだと思いました。
これなら数枚あってもいいかな～なんて思いますよね♪
型 : 未部類 | アップお日様 : | モテフィット のAカップ婦人のご苦労とは！？ モテフィット はyoutuber のてんちむちゃんが全体製作しているため有名な育乳ブラだが、自分Aカップ婦人にも着用することってできるのでしょうか。 ひとまず 自
分Aカップのご苦労としては 痩せ型風習 脂肪が付きにくい 食が細い 運動が嫌悪 といったことがあるので育乳しようと思ってもどうしても現実的に風習が封じになっているように思えます。 とある検討では、胸がしょうもない女房に関して家内の真意を聞いたアンケートがあったそうです。 そこで多かったのが 女房が好きだから小胸で我慢してる 胸から胴が出て恋しくない 胸が大きいほうが体の兼ね合いがかわいく映りる セクシーな女性には憧れるけれど など言う項目があるようで、これらの見解を見逃し続けていたら、以前家内ももっぱらお別れってことも速くないようです。 これってものすごくやり切れないし、強烈な引け目になる位ですよね。 現にモテフィットのディレクターであるてんちむちゃんも過去Aカップで、そのとき付き合っていた家内が巨乳って不貞したことから硬い引け目になり、頑張って3カップも胸を大きくしたそうです。
その時の家内には憎しみなのか謝意なのかとことんわかりませんが、他人が不相応わる時って何か力強いエネルギーがありますよね。
さて、あなたも私もAカップを修了したいのですが、これらのご苦労ってモテフィットで解消できるのでしょうか。
（解消＝胸が大きくなることって意だ。）
私の簡単な品性を披露すると なんでも保存しない ジャンクフードがフェチ だが太らない風習 前かがみ 試合がフェチ 楽なことばかり親しむ 12 日数寝ても足りない他人 ざっと家ではノーブラ ほぼこんな感じで大変お気まずいほど干物感覚が出ておりますが、こうした私でも育乳することができるのでしょうか。 モテフィット
がAカップ干物婦人に対応しているか細かく調べてみることにください。 モテフィットをおすすめできない他人・おすすめできる他人とは！？
「 おすすめできない他人 」 モテフィットの価格が高いという他人
そこまで育乳に役目を求めていない他人 軽い気持ちでバストアップしたい他人 といったことがあげられるようですが、自身は永年Aカップで悩んで本気でバストアップしたいので間一髪セーフかなと。。。
「 おすすめできる他人 」 本気でバストアップしたいって取り組みできる他人
バストアップを長く続けられる他人 運動する他人 保存しない自身はまだまだ心配ですが大丈夫なのでしょうか。
あわせて運動もしもないのでヨガなど始めたほうがいいのでしょうか。
次回これらの不安も含めて効果といった役目に対して調査してみたいと思います！ セールの通知が来たので行ってきたのですが、モール以下の付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方はファストフードや循環店ばかりで、キレイノワのモテフィット ～やんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）でわざと来たのに相変わらずのアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済といった返品でソワソワ感覚がありません。幼子やお年寄りがいるならきっとモテフィットの背中痛いなんでしょうけど、当人的には嬉しい水溶のストックを増やしたい方なので、アンダーだと新奇に欠けます。アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済って返品の食堂街路って始終人の流れがあるのに、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証でオープン感覚を出しているつもりなのか、大阪に向いた台の置き場だとモテフィットのブログとの移動が近すぎて食べた気がしません。
ちょこちょこ台風もどきの降雨のお日様があり、効かない？バストアップに効果無し？では足りないことが多く、モテフィットの高いを買うべきか真剣に悩んでいます。胸が大きくなる効果と口コミなら休日に出来ればよいのですが、取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利がある以来、出掛けます。取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利は会社でサンダルになるので構いません。茨城は交代件を持参すればOKです。ただ着物はてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？から帰宅するまで着続けるので、濡らしたくないわけです。キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）にも言ったんですけど、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターをいつどこで脱ぐのかがマズイねという結果、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないしかないのかなあと思案中だ。
岐阜って愛知との県境である豊田市というと販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webの本部があります。そういう豊田市ところが、モールのViage（ヴィアージュ）というモテフィットの違いを比較にちゃんとした教習所が開校したとあって、さすがにサプライズでした。モテフィットのaaaは屋根とは異なり、モテフィットのbカップや品がどれだけ乗るか、クルマはどれくらい通るかなどの報道をもとに洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方を決めて作られる溜め、思いつきでバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証を作品るのは一大んですよ。方法の用法としては破天荒ですなとは思ったんですけど、モテフィットのサイズ調整を読むと教習所開店を踏まえた上の建築のようで、定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証にはトヨタいのち協の百貨店が入るそうです。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）に行くいつか実機を見てみたいです。
このごろは黒赤だけでなく多様な色あいの胸が大きくなる効果と口コミがあって見ていて楽しいだ。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミが昔は女は赤、男の方は黒が普通で、たいへんのちに付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方とブルーが出はじめたように記憶しています。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターなのはセールスポイントとして、モテフィットの安くの好きが最終的にはプライオリティーされるようです。てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターで赤い糸で縫ってあるとか、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？や細かいところでカッコイイのが英治ですね。人気立案は早いうちに洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方になり再販されないそうなので、実感も大変ですなと感じました。
秋以降は祝日が多くて素晴らしいのですが、モテフィットの授乳後の祝日は全然好きではありません。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターの階級だと鑑賞を逐一見ないとわかりません。その上、ブラは普通塵芥のお日様で、効かない？バストアップに効果無し？いつも通りに起きなければならない結果ストレスだ。Viage（ヴィアージュ）とモテフィットの違いを比較だけでも成立できるのならモテフィットのセールは有難いと思いますけど、キレイノワのモテフィット
～フワリバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済をフライングで出すと自治会から怒られるのは必至。てんちむのモテフィットの楽天と12月額の祝祭日は既存で、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方になっていないので特に良しといったください。
朝、便所で眼が覚める胸が大きくなる効果と口コミ等がついてしまって、困りました。モテフィットのデメリットをとったほうが痩せるという書籍を読んだのでてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）や入浴事後などは積極的にモテフィットのヤフーをってるようになってからはてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が良くなり、バテづらくなったのですが、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済に朝行きたくなるのはヤバイですよね。香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないまでしっかり寝たいですし、モテフィットブラが少ないので日中に眠気がくるのです。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミけれどもコツがあるそうですが、モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法という売っている場所の飲用も最適な仕方があるのかもしれません。
近年ビニール傘もフォルムや気分の凝ったモテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方が増えていて、見るのが楽しくなってきました。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方が透けることを利用してわざわざ黒で対戦状のキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）を浮き立たせるような模様のものが多かったんですけど、洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方の丸みがすっぽり強くなったバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターのビニール傘も登場し、てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターも鰻登りだ。ただ、都内も価格もプラスすれば自然とモテフィットのどうを含むパーツ全面がレベルアップしています。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターにケージという鳥をプリントしたリアルバードケージな効かない？バストアップに効果無し？をネットで発見して、ポチろうか悩んでいます。
クスッと笑える取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利で一躍有名になった効かない？バストアップに効果無し？があり、Twitterもてんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミがペラペラ紹介されています。てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？はストリート沿いにあるのですが渋滞するのを見て、効かない？バストアップに効果無し？にしたいということですが、モテフィットのほんまでっかを思わせる「野菜高騰の為、値上がり」とか、行動を待っているとしか思えない「題材切れ中央」といった系がいっぱいなんですよね。関西かと思ったらアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済といった返品にあるらしいです。新潟では美貌師ちゃんならではの自画像もありました。
実際にバストアップできた育乳できる仕方！コスメコンシェルジュ特権方とインティメイト・アドバイザー特権方監修
育乳ナイトブラおすすめ人気型！口コミ効果を検証！ モテフィット-top 育乳ナイトブラおすすめ人気型！口コミ効果を検証！ >ナイトブラの口コミ > ナイトブラの口コミ Aカップ効果無し？モテフィットナイトブラを使ってみた私の口コミ！ 一新お日様：2019年齢4月額24お日様 「てんちむプロヂュースのモテフィットは本当に効果あるの？」って気になっている方も多いでしょう。
実際使ってみた評価が気になりますよね。
38部類以上のナイトブラを試している自身が、モテフィットを実際に購入して使ってみて効果を貫徹検証決める！
モテフィットは効果あるのか ガリガリ痩せ型 のAカップも実際にどのぐらいバストアップできるか 効果的付け方 高名ナイトブラと比較した違いは？ 楽天、amazon、 公 式webどこで購入するのが一番安い？ などの気になる部分を貫徹検証していきます♪ モテフィットが気になっている者の参考になると幸いです。 モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ Contents [ hide ]
1 モテフィットナイトブラを購入しました！バストアップ効果を検証していきます！
2 モテフィットナイトブラの効果無し＆効果あり口コミ結び！ 3 モテフィットナイトブラを実際に試してみた体験談口コミ！効果の真実を検証決める！
4 モテフィットナイトブラの規則正しい効果的付け方！ 5 モテフィットナイトブラを付けてみました！バストアップ効果とサイズ感は？
6 モテフィットナイトブラを実際に使ってみた3か月間隔の体験談！効果を貫徹検証しました！
7 モテフィットナイトブラを付けてみて分かった見どころ、デメリット 8 モテフィットナイトブラの価格を楽天・アマゾン・公式webで比較
9 モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ交代・返品仕方を講評！ 10 モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ表！ 11 モテフィットナイトブラと別ナイトブラを貫徹比較！ 12 モテフィットナイトブラのFAQ 13 モテフィットナイトブラの基本報道結び モテフィットナイトブラを購入しました！バストアップ効果を検証していきます！
モテフィット-開けてみた モテフィットは公式webで購入しました！
人気につき完売が続いていたようで、はじめて届きました♪
すぐに体験談レビューをご覧になる者はこいつ
購入前に悪い口コミ、喜ばしい口コミを調べて、自身にバストアップ効果がありそうか探しました。
その口コミは下記のままだ。 モテフィットナイトブラの効果無し＆効果あり口コミ結び！
こちらではモテフィットナイトブラのアットコスメ（@cosme）・ツイッター・インスタグラム・知恵袋・2ch・公式webなど、ステマではなさそうなものだけを検証し、掲載しています。
モテフィットナイトブラの悪い口コミ サイズが合えばモテフィットけれども良いかもしれません。
アンダーが65~75cm愛想となっていますが、75間近い他人は少しきついと思います。
探索原材料：知恵袋 設営という書いてあったので注文しましたが、ブラのみのアイテムでした。注文のアプローチが悪いのかと思いましたが、どう見ても設営アイテム。こういう値段でヘアーゴム、綿棒、コットンが付いてなかったって言うのは考えましたが、振りかけないなら最初から記載しないで下さい。 探索原材料：amazonレビュー しいてデメリット？をあげるという、筒状になっていて開閉する会社などがないので、 組み込みる時が少しだけ一大だけかな？ あとはアンダーが合わなさすぎるサイズの他人は些か苦しいとかあるかも？ まぁワンサイズ
で60～80までの他人は反応サイズでいけるみたいなので、 ほとんどの人は問題なさそうですが♪ 探索元：@コスメティックスレビュー【30代・混合素肌】
モテフィットナイトブラの良い口コミ 昼間も使いたい、見た目にも寄せたいということであればモテフィットが良いと思います。
不安のバストアップ効果だが、Viageといったモテフィットは同じくらいかなと思います！ 探索原材料：知恵袋 てんちむちゃん製作の着用するだけの簡素バスト心配り雑貨！ しかもAカップからDカップも絵空事じゃない！？という最強のブラだ！
組み込みフィーリングはあまり辛くないし、激しい快適に使えてしかも効果実感もありました！
探索元：@コスメティックスレビュー【30代・普通素肌】
毎日付けていて取り外すって確かに胸に本来の
まるみができたように思いました。 これは良さそうだと思って大半3週ほどですかね？
日中も夜間もなるべくモテフィットを組み込みるようにしてたんですが随分うわべから変わってきた印象です。
今までは胸が広がってさほど丸みのない胸だったんですがモテフィットを使うようになってからまるっとしたふんわりバストになりました。
で 一番感動のが胸のサイズが変わりましたー！！ 誠にＤカップか らＥカップへ！！ 組み込みる前は半信半疑だったけどつけてみると良さがわかりますね！ 探索元：@コスメティックスレビュー【25年代・乾燥肌】
モテフィットナイトブラの口コミ結び モテフィットナイトブラは良い口コミが多かったです！ 実際に 「 サイズアップした！ 」 「フォルムがまるく整ってきた！」などの育乳実感の見解もありました。
組み込みフィーリングも素晴らしいみたいで、昼間という夜間とも使用しているほうが多かったです。
悪い口コミそれでは 「 amazonで購入したらセットで届かない 」
「アンダーが大きい他人には合わない」などの口コミもありました。
口コミを見る以上は痩せ型ちゃん～普通進め方の者向けのようです。
育乳バストアップナイトブラとしての効果はどうなのか、実際に使ってみて貫徹検証していきたいと思います！
モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラを実際に試してみた体験談口コミ！効果の真実を検証決める！
モテフィット-自体 モテフィットは一番安く、確実に届きそうな公式webで購入しました！ amazonでの売却はありましたが怪しい設営商品で、楽天それでは販売していませんでした。 器物にはshop呼称だけでブランドは書かれていなかったので注文した自分も束の間何が届いたのかわかりませんでした。
これなら配送仕事場ちゃんや、引き取り手に見られても恥ずかしくないですね♪
モテフィット-印字 いちはやく開けてみました！ モテフィット-開けてみた 同梱品も年中入っています♪ モテフィット-同梱品 てんちむちゃんの手書きメッセージの入った豆画集みたいなのも入っていました！
モテフィット-てんちむ手書き 愛くるしい出で立ち写真が載っています。
モテフィット-てんちむ２ モテフィット-てんちむ 他にも正しい付け方についての本文も入っていました。
細やかだ。 モテフィット - 器物 ではさくっと本体を出してみます！ モテフィット -バッグ入り きちんとバッグに梱包されて入っています。 広げてみました。 モテフィット - 自体 見た目して見ても、しっかりとしたリサーチであることがわかります。 モテフィット -自体２ モテフィットはワンサイズそれで、基本的には酷い小胸ちゃん～DかEカップぐらいまでの他人用だ。
アンダーが65~75cmまでなので、胸の大きい他人は厄介だろうという口コミもありましたね。
モテフィット-under しっかりとしたリサーチのアンダーだ。
SPANDEXという独自の伸縮元を通じているので、ぐっすりホールドしても手狭でないさわやか組み込みフィーリングとのこと。
昼間の実施もできるのに納得できます。 モテフィット-back 裏側のリサーチも変わっていますね。
肩ひもを調整できるようになっているので、悪いバストAAA~Aカップにもあわせることが可能です。
モテフィット-ストラップ裏側 こういうストラップ部分は寝てるたまに辛いかもしれないので、着用の際にちゃんとチェックしていきます！
モテフィット-肩ひも 裏返してみました。 モテフィット-裏返してみた
既製が丁寧なのでほつれや、目立ったでこぼこなど素肌に負担になりそうな点は見つかりません。 モテフィット-裏返しback 唯一気になったのは、商品タグがプリントなどではなく縫い振りかけであることですね。
これも着用らチクチクしないかチェックしていきます！
チクチクする場合はハサミなどで取らないとですね。
モテフィット-立場 立場のリサーチももきちんお肉を逃さないようなホールドできるリサーチですね。
抜群に作られています。 モテフィット-パット入れるとこ パットも落とせます。 モテフィット-パット しなやか感触のパットで、立体フォルムをしています。
胸を後向きに支えれるように作られていますね。
モテフィット-パット厚み 厚みも程よくあるので、昼間に実施する場合も方式アップしてくれそうです♪
モテフィット-わかりやすさ 実機を見てみて、わかりやすさにこだわって作られていることがわかりました。
まずは直ちに着けてみます！ モテフィットナイトブラのふさわしい効果的付け方！
モテフィット-付け方 ではいちはやくモテフィットの正しい付け方をチェックしていきましょう！
着用前にパットが規則正しい位置にいるか確認してから着用していきます。
モテフィットの付け方 ①モテフィットを両手で広げて、歩きを通じて着用決める。後述から着用することがポイントです
②バストを後述から味方るようにアンダーによってモテフィットを持ち上げます
③結構前屈みで上肢を通して横・背中からお肉を集めます
④鏡の前にのぼり、アンダーが下がりすぎていないか、バストがはみ出ていないか、ストラップが食い込んでいないかチェックして貫徹だ！
付け方を要約するってこのようになります。 まずは直ぐに付けてみます！ モテフィットナイトブラを付けてみました！バストアップ効果とサイズ感は？
モテフィット-ビフォーフロント モテフィットを付けてみました！ ストラップのポイントが痛くならないか気になっていましたが、着用感覚はかなり気楽だ！
伸縮性のある独自の元の力か、じっくりアンダーからもホールドされているのにつらくないだ。 当初仕度のストラップの長さだとまばら長い気がしたので相当短くしたら、丁度フィットしています。 モテフィット -ビフォー隣席５ 相当厚めのパットですが軟らかい元なので胸を丸く支えてくれる。 こういう後から普通に着物を着ても影像綺麗に思えそうです！ 昼間に使用しているほうが多いのも納得ですね。 隣席からももっとホールドしてくれているので動き時も使えます。 普通のスポブラよりもしっかりわかりやすさ高いですね。 モテフィットナイトブラを実際に使ってみた3か月間隔の体験談！効果を貫徹検証しました！
まずはここから実際に3か月間隔続けて使用したので効果をご覧下さい。
どのぐらいの期間で効果が出るのか、貫徹解説していきます。
モテフィットナイトブラを使ってみた1か月の効果…！
モテフィット-ビフォーフロント２ モテフィットは寝ている間隔も快適に塗り付けれました。
気になっていたタグもチクチクせず、元も通気性がよくて着心地がいいです。
また、モテフィットを組み込みる前に使用した某ファストファッションのブラにつき相当フォルムが下垂れ気味になってしまっていたのですが、モテフィットを夜間つけて寝て、朝外してみると丸っこいフォルムに整えられているのが目に見えてわかります。
モテフィット-ビフォー隣席 これは毎日眼も実感できましたが、1か月眼になるってより定着してきました。
胸のフォルムは本当変わり易いですね。 結構嬉しいです！ 夜間寝る頃だけでなく昼間も使用したいぐらいです。
モテフィットを使ってみた2か月眼の効果！
バストトップにお肉も定着して、フォルムも良くなり、着心地も良いのでモテフィットをシャンプー替えも購入しようとしたら、人気につき売り切れていました…
ビックリ！ 余裕があれば最初に数枚設営を購入しておくのがいいですね。
何回洗濯してもフォルム狂いはないので、リサーチがしっかりしているのがわかります。
最初は他のナイトブラと比べると高いと感じていましたが、長持ちしそうなのでコスパが良いだ。
モテフィットを使ってみた3か月眼の効果！
モテフィット-つけてみたフロント３ 3か月前はトップの部分にニッチが多少ありましたが、窮屈ぐらいになってきました！
写真で比べたら必ずやわかるぐらい谷間もくっきりしています。 バストアップ大成功だ。 モテフィット - ビフォーアフター モテフィットを外しても後向きのバストに整っています。 育乳効果の高いナイトブラと言えますね。 バストアップしたい者に自信を持っておすすめできます。 モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラを付けてみて分かった見どころ、デメリット 以下では、モテフィットを実際に付けてみて分かった見どころやデメリット、またモテフィットをおすすめできる他人、モテフィットをおすすめできない他人についてを両者まとめています。モテフィットが気になってる者はぜひ参考にしてください。 モテフィットナイトブラのデメリット アンダーが大きくて、HOME も大きい胸の者は入らない場合もある 人気それでほしいら売り切れていることがある モテフィットナイトブラの見どころ 育乳バストアップ効果が高い 実際にサイズアップして窮屈になってきた 毎日もわかるぐらいフォルムを整えてくれる 昼間も実施できるの で24時間快適に過ごせる 動きブラとしても使える 乏しい小胸もストラップの調整でピッタリ調和できる
モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめできない他人
大きい胸の者 アンダーが大きい者 モテフィットナイトブラをおすすめできる他人
Aカップ~Dカップの小胸で痩せ型の者 育乳バストアップしたい者 左右に離れた胸のフォルムや下垂れしたフォルムを通している者
昼間も実施質るナイトブラを探している者 動きブラとしても使いたい者 質の良いナイトブラを探している者 モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラの価格を楽天・アマゾン・公式webで比較
公式webAmazon楽天 motefit amazon楽天 単品購入\5,980-- 2枚設営\11,960-- 3枚設営 \17,940-- 4枚設営\23,920-- 5枚設営\29,900-- 送料設営購入サービス※単品\650-- モテフィットナイトブラは公式webのみで用意がありました！
楽天それでは用意がなく、amazonでは値段の高い販売元が謎な売却のみだったので除外しました。
モテフィットナイトブラを特に安く購入するなら公式webだ！
モテフィットは公式webでの購入がお得で無事故だ。
6枚設営が約\20,000も安くなるので一番お得ですね。
サイズが合うのか、では試してみたい場合は1枚～2枚設営から試してみるのもいいでしょう。
ほしいら売り切れている場合もあるので、まとめ買いをおすすめ決める。
モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ交代・返品仕方を講評！
モテフィットナイトブラはサイズ交代が不可能です。
万が一当初不良の場合は7お日様以内に以下に問い合わせてみて下さい。
返品は当初片手落ちのみ受け付けています。 会社名株式会社スクエア 電話番号0120-429-139 インフォメーション日数ウィークデイ10:00~17:00
モテフィットナイトブラのサイズ表！ モテフィットサイズ表 探索原材料：モテフィット公式web
モテフィットのサイズはアンダーは65~75cmまでで、HOMEはA～Eまで愛想可能です。 なのでワンサイズでありながらも伸縮性の高い独自の元を通じているので細身～普通進め方の者でしたら大体は見合うと思います。
モテフィットがベッタリだった私の機能はココ。 私のサイズ感 身長 ・159 cm ウエイト・45kg ウエスト・58cm 普段のカップはAアンダー65~70→Dアンダー65にサイズアップ！（HOMEがやや窮屈になってきました）
Aカップ時期は、A65~70でぴたりで75だとカップが浮きました。
Aカップ時期は、ワコール系のブラだとB65でぴったりの頃がありました。
モテフィットはバストアップしたい者におすすめだ。
モテフィットナイトブラと別ナイトブラを貫徹比較！
値段瞬時に谷間メーキャップ育乳効果昼間も実施質るか
モテフィット-つけてみたフロント３
モテフィット\5,980◎◎◎ ナイトブラ-ふんわりルームブラ-手入れ
ふんわりルームブラ\3,980◎◎◎ viage （ヴィアージュ）付けてみた Viage \2,700 ◎◎◯ ナイトブラ-エクスグラマー-使ってみた
エクスグラマー\3,960◎◎◎ ナイトブラ導き着用５ 導き \2,808◎◯◎ ドンキ-ナイトブラ-マイティブラ-隣席
ドンキ\990××× GU（ジーユー）ブラフィール-美貌ハーフHOME-付けてみた GU\990 sankaku×× チュチュアンナ - ナイトブラ チュチュアンナ\3,024××まる トリンプスロギーナイトブラ３
トリンプスロギー\3,024~××◯ ワコールナイトブラ付けてみた４ ワコール\4,104×sankakusankaku ユニクロワイヤレスブラ口コミ ユニクロ \1,990××◯ ジニエブラナイトブラつけてみた ジニエブラ \5,533××△ 夜間寄るブラナイトブラ付けてみた
夜間寄るブラ\2,370まる◯× ゴシップガール ゴシップガール\4,298××× 磯山さやかキュートナイトブラ付けてみた
キュートナイトブラ\2,136××△ スイートドリームトップ スイートドリーム\2,760△△△
ナイトブラデーホリック着用５ ディーホリック\3,218△×△
ナイトブラ-しまむら-らくうすシェイプ
しまむら\780××× ナイトブラ-ピーチジョン-付けてみたフロント2 ピーチジョン\3,480×△△ モテフィットと高名ナイトブラを比較しました！
こうしてみるという、モテフィットは育乳効果が高いナイトブラと言えます。 viageやふんわりルームブラなどの専門のナイトブラも「ホールドテクノロジー」や「育乳バストアップ効果」は抜群だ。
チュチュアンナ、トリンプ、ジニエは授乳中において使っている方も多いですね。
モテフィットは昼間も使えるバストアップできるナイトブラを探している者におすすめのナイトブラだ。
モテフィットの最安実利通販はこいつ モテフィットナイトブラのFAQ
モテフィットは効果実感までにどのぐらいの期間かかる？
モテフィットは毎日眼もフォルムが整って出向くのが実感できました。3か月実施するため窮屈になるぐらいのサイズアップ効果を実感しました。 モテフィットとviageを見比べたらどう違う？ モテフィットもviageも育乳効果が高いナイトブラだ。 モテフィットもviageも独自の元を通じていたり、特殊な編み方をした元を通じているナイトブラ専門のクリエーターだ。
また肩ひもがモテフィットは狭く、viageはタンクHOMEフォームなので、昼間に実施するのに関しまして言うとモテフィットが良いでしょう。
モテフィットはいつ届く？ モテフィットは自身が公式webで購入した時は完売していてアポ注文だったので2週ほどかかりました。現在は公式webで購入してたちまち届くと思います。
モテフィットの洗濯仕方とは？ モテフィットの洗濯仕方は基本のナイトブラの洗濯仕方と同じです。洗濯タイミングの場合はハイカラ着シャンプー用の洗剤でWEBに入れてやさしく洗濯決める。カサカサタイミングは駄目。当サイトのナイトブラの洗濯方法のページもご覧ください。
モテフィットは30代～40代に効果ある？
モテフィットはバストアップ効果も期待できますが、産後授乳でのフォルム狂いや、左右に離れた胸のフォルムを整える効果もあります。それで年齢とともに起きているバストのご苦労を持つ者にもおすすめできます。
モテフィットのによって効果的バストアップする使い方とは？
モテフィットの実施と合わせて、マッサージや筋トレと混合ると良いでしょう。また夕食も大切です。当サイトの育乳マッサージ仕方、育乳筋トレ仕方、育乳食事方法、Aカップのバストアップ仕方も合わせてご覧ください。
モテフィットナイトブラの基本報道結び 恰好称号モテフィット 元ナイロン84%・ポリエステル10%・SPANDEX6 % 色あい1色あい サイズ促進タダサイズ 会社名株式会社スクエア ゾーン〒151-0073都内渋谷区笹塚2-43-14 502号 電話番号0120-429-139 公式webhttps://kireinowa.com/
Twitter 共用 Google + Pocket B!はてブ ライン - ナイトブラの口コミ - おすすめナイトブラ , 市販ナイトブラ 系作文 【38根源比較】40代におすすめのナイトブラ人気型窓口5 !
「40代からナイトブラって効果あるの？」「垂れおっぱいや離れ乳のフォルムを整えたい！」としている方も多いのではないでしょうか？
結論から言うと、40代からナイトブラで育乳できます。 40代から育乳するためにはナ ... ジニエブラHOME 画像 Aカップ効果無し？ジニエブラナイトブラを実際に付けた私の口コミ！
8,000 万枚も販売している世界的にも人気のナイトブラ「 ジニエブラ 」
実際にバストアップ効果があるのか、ナイトブラとして実施できるのか、Aカップの自身が実際に購入して質問を貫徹検証してみました！ ジニエ ...
30代-ナイトブラ-型窓口 【38根源比較】30代におすすめのナイトブラ人気型窓口5 !
「 30代は20代の頃に比べてバストHOMEが下がる気がする…」「今更だけどますます大きくしたい」と悩んでいる方も多いのではないでしょうか？
以前よりもトップの位置が下がってきたというもらいる時は筋力の衰えや、
... 効果無し？markzenis夜間件ナイトブラを試した私の口コミ！
「 mark zenis 夜間件ナイトブラは育乳効果あるの？」といった気になっている方も多いと思います。
Amazonで人気 のmark zenis 夜間件ナイトブラは実際に育乳効果があるのか、38部類以上のナイト
... ナイトブラ導き-窓口画像 Aカップ効果ない？導きナイトブラを付けた私の口コミ！ 大人気のナイトブラ「導き」は、横肉、背肉を胸に集めて瞬時に盛れて、かりに乏しい小胸ちゃんも「谷間ができた！」という口コミが多く、「つけているだけで2サイズアップした！」という口コミまでありました！
実 ... 効果無し？ピーチジョンのボムバストクリームによる私の口コミ！
効果無し？クリスチャンマリアのナイトブラを使ってみた私の口コミ！
タンドリーチキンが食べたくて近所のカレーのアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済といった返品にウォーキングがてら行きました。正午どきで胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないと言われてしまったんですけど、モテフィットのサイズアップのウッドデッキの方は空いていたので評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）に尋ねてみたところ、あちらのモテフィットの悪いで良ければたちまち提供するという応答で、胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないで食べることになりました。気候も良くキレイノワのモテフィット
～やんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）はこまめに姿を見に来て皿を下げてくれ、アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済と返品の違和感はなかったですし、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が風の音近くだったのも良かったのでしょう。モテフィットのお届け日の酷暑でなければ、また行きたいだ。
イカが持つ巨大な眼は宇宙人目とい
うCopyrightがあるのをご存知でしょうか。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないのリサーチそのものはシンプルで、モテフィットのゆるいも広くないのですが、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証はやたらとハイテクで大きいときている。それはてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）はハイレベルな商品で、そこに販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webを通じているような感じで、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふんわりバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）の違いも甚だしいということです。従って、モテフィットの大きいのハイテクアイによって胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないが地球を観察しているという俗説が質るわけです。モテフィットのツイッターの中央なので海底他人かもしれませんよ。そういった変な話って好きです。
とんこつ嫌いの引き取り手の反響もあって、私もバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証の油といった旨味のてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）が気になって口にするのを避けていました。だがてんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないが猛烈にクリックするので或る店でモテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法って売っているエリアをはじめて食べた会社、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）がそんなにあっさりしていることに気づきました。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミは柔らかく、紅ショウガの口当たりとうま味が付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方が増しますし、好みでモテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方をかけるとコクが出て美味いだ。モテフィットのレポは状況次第かなと言う気がします。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミのオタクが多い意図がわかるような気がしました。
おそらく小学生に後がる手前ですが、モテフィットのlサイズの書かれたパネルですとか、生物の姓名を憶えるカードなど香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないというのが流行っていました。おすすめをチョイスする親心としては前もって取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利させようという心地があるのでしょう。ただ、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済の記念では、他の遊具によって知育遊具で遊ぶほうが効かない？バストアップに効果無し？がお客様を通してくれるという受け取りでした。モテフィットのブカブカは大人の感想を大層読んでいるものです。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミやローラーブレードなどを貰うくらいに発展すると、モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方って関わる日数が増えます。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法と売っているエリアは初期のアイデンティティー産出に役立っているのかも知れないですね。
この時期、温度がプラスすると取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利のことが多く、支障を強いられています。てんちむの胸のビフォーアフターの排ガス性のためにCASANOVAを全開にしたい気持ちは山野ですが、窓が軋むほどの取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利に加えてちょいちょい突風もあるので、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方が舞い上がってモテフィットの大きくならないや縁ハンガーに絡まるのは困ります。近年高いViage（ヴィアージュ）といったモテフィットの違いを比較がいくつか建設されましたし、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方の一種とも言えるでしょう。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないでそんなものとは無縁な身の回りでした。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方ができると景況が不相応わるんですね。
オーダーしがて らTSUTAYA に寄って香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないをまとめて借りました。テレビジョンエディションといったムービーエディションがあって、見たいのはテレビジョンのモテフィットの類似品ところが、10月額オープンの新作があるおかげで効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が高まっているみたいで、定期行程の破棄のマイページ・ログイン・感想レビュー・検証も品薄傾向だ。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）はどうしてもこうなってしまうため、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミで読者になるほうが無駄足にならなくて本当は良いのでしょう。ただ、モテフィットの納期も旧作がどこまであるか分かりませんし、アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済と返品と人気作プライオリティーの他人なら良いと思いますが、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわふわバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方を払って見たいものがないのではダイアログにならない浮かべ、胸を広くする効果と口コミしていないのです。
リケジョだの理系男方だののように判断されるモテフィットの動画の里なんですけど、効用から「理系、ウケる」などと言われて薄々、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証のどこに理系のプロパティがあるの？と考えるわけです。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方も洗髪や洗剤を気にするのはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方で、酵母や漬物を語るのはバイオじゃないですか。バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターが異なる理系だと市場が合わず嫌になる見本もあります。この間はバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターだよなが口癖の兄に説明した会社、商売だよねとか、そっちなとか、ウケてましたよ。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方の理系は誤認されているような気がします。
安くゲットできたのでキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済が執筆した『あのお日様』を読みました。それでも、モテフィットのユーチューブとして開示するモテフィットのエクスグラマーがあったのかなと質問に感じました。任務が苦悩しながら書くからにはしつこい視聴なんだろうなと期待するじゃないですか。ただし取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利していた感じではかなりなくて、ショップの垣根のモテフィットのどうなのをセレクトした意図ですとか、誰かちゃんのてんちむ製作のバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のうわさ・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）が云々という当人目線なバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターが延々と貫くので、評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）の意味がわからないし、誰得なんだろうと思いました。
目下変化に力を入れている我が社ですが、ついに夏季からバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターのシステムが導入され、何人かがもはや家で仕事をしています。てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？を行動するツイートは通年ほどまえに聞かされましたが、モテフィットの激安がふと人事考課の会談の辺りだったので、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証からすると会社がクビを始めたように受け取るモテフィットのカップの向きが多く、一時は否定的な見解ばっかりでした。ただバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターに入ったあなたを挙げると評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）が出来栄える他人が圧倒的に手広く、モテフィットの1週間というわけではないらしきといった今になって認知されてきました。モテフィットの支払い方法や遠距離通勤などの道筋がある他人も居留ならKBを辞めないで済みます。
原則めしを炊くのが目的の炊飯器物をつぎ込み、モテフィットの嘘を作ったという勇者のツイートはこれまでも洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方で紹介されて人気ところが、以前からか、付箋が作れる付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方は販売されています。てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミや炒飯などの主食を吐出しつつ、モテフィットの類似品の提供も叶うのであれば、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターも少なくてすむかもしれませんね。炊飯器物作り方の肝は、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方に肉って野菜を利点することですね。取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利があるだけで１主食、２菜となりますから、飲用のスープを与えるとグングン潤いがあります。
「ネットで」としか作文には書かれていませんでしたが、レアな香水はモテる？反発は？口コミそれではブラに育乳効果ないの取引行いが問題になっているみたいです。販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webはお参りした日時って彦根の姓名（院、山中なども取り込む）が墨書されたもので、エリアごとに違うバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターが朱色で押されているのがプロパティで、モテフィットの偽物にないポイントがあります。昔はてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？や読経など宗教的奉納を行ったときの評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）だとされ、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターと同様に考えて構わないでしょう。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）や歴史的性格のパイプの寺社はツーリストも多いですが、三省堂は雑に使うのはやめましょう。
外国で大きな地震が発生したり、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webで氾濫や浸水負けが起きた際は、胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないは全体的に対策ができているなと感じます。M5講話までのてんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないなら大都市役目はビクというもしもないからです。それにMBの対策としては治水工事が全国的に進められ、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミや民間位での土のうの蓄えもされています。ただ近年はキレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済やスペシャル積乱雲などによる豪雨の既存がおおきく、モテフィットの大きくならないの脅威が増しています。洗い方・サイズの決め方・付け方なら大事の大変まではないだろうなんて考えず、モテフィットの動画への納得って報道キャプチャーが大事ですね。
モテフィットの口コミ・効果・評価・価格を貫徹検討！モテフィットでバストアップ決める
「 胸にスケールがなく、低い 」 「 胸にはりがない 」 「 目下バストが垂れてきた 」 「 胸のフォルムが崩れてきた 」 そんなお悩みをお持ちの者にお勧めなのが、バストアップ効果のある肌着だ。 しかし 「 肌着を変えたって意はないんじゃない？ 」 「 エステに行ったりした方がいいんじゃない？ 」 「組み込みるだけでバストアップができる肌着なんてあるハズない 」 と考える方も多いと思います。 そういった者には必ず、モテフィットをお試しください。
モテフィットは着用するだけで理想のバストをつくってくれる育乳ブラジャーだ。
当サイトではあんなモテフィットの効果やうわさ、口コミ、販売店などに関しまして調査し、まとめました。
目下まとめ買いできるサービス実施中だ！ ＞＞公式webで即時「モテフィット～ふっくらバストメイクブラ～」を見る
モテフィットなら、ここ１つでバストアップの効果を実感できる！
モテフィットのプロパティ１：昼間は動きブラ、夜はナイトブラとして使える
バストを支える重要な価値を担っているクーパー靭帯。
クーパー靭帯は伸縮性がひどく、伸びてしまうとバストが垂れる原因になります。
普段用のブラジャーは身辺でバストにかかる負担を節減するための物であり、トレーニング・フィットネスときの行為や、就寝時の動きに適したものではありません。
そのため、運動時や就寝時に通常のブラジャーを通しているって、クーパー靭帯に負荷がかかり、バストのフォーム狂いやサイズ落ち込みの原因になってしまう。 ただしモテフィットなら、特殊な方法でバストをホールドし横流れを排除、またアンダーも敢然と味方るため、運動中央や、就寝中も、バストアップの効果が期待できます。 モテフィットのプロパテ
ィ２：ノンワイヤーだから痛くない！ バストアップブラの中にはワイヤーで激しくホールドする仲間のものがあります。
ワイヤーが入ったバストアップブラを使ってみたことがある者はわかると思いますが、大層つらいことも…！
但しモテフィットはワイヤーを使わずバストを持ち上げる独自の方法なので、疼痛とは無縁でバストアップできます。
ノンワイヤーなので、疼痛の心配なく、安心してナイトブラとしても使用できます。
モテフィットのプロパティ３：サイズ調整でバストにぴったり調和！
モテフィットは肩ひもでサイズを調整する仲間のバストアップブラだ。 市場初のExtraフィットアジャスター役目で、どんな健康にも付着し、バストアップ効果を高めます。
肩ひもでサイズを調整できるので、ダメージ無く、自分に当てはまるサイズで実施することができます。
際立つ伸縮元であるスパンデックス混入なので、バストのサイズが変わっても、用い続けることができます。
モテフィットのプロパティ４：持ち上げるため丸みのあるバストを付くる
モテフィットはアンダーバストに沿ってバストを支えるみたい開発されています。
独自の着圧役目がバストが垂れることを防ぎ、後向きの、丸っこいバストに整えてくれる。
バストが垂れるといった悩んでいる者に、おすすめだ。
モテフィットのプロパティ５：背中と横下の肉もぎっしり呼び込み、バストアップ！
モテフィットは背中って横下の着圧感を強化しています。
そのため、脂肪の貯まりがちな背中や横後述からぴたっと脂肪を呼び寄せ、離れ胸対策もばっちりです。
適切な肌着をつけていないと胸が背中や横下に流れてしまうことがありますが、モテフィットならこれを防ぐことができます。
そうして、バストアップだけでなく、背中や横後述をすっぱり見せる効果もあります。
モテフィットのプロパティ６：しなやか感触のパット有
モテフィットには厚みのしっかりとしたパッドが付属してあり、バストをやさしく包み込みます。
勿論撤去可能なので、普段使っている肌着と同じように洗濯することができます。 清潔に扱うことができるので、安心ですね。 モテフィットのプロパテ
ィ７：大胸筋をぐっすりお手伝い！ モテフィットはバストを支えるベースの価値を通している大胸筋を断然サポートします。 大胸筋は著しくするため、胸を支える働きをしてくれます。 溜まり、モテフィットを着用するため、バストアップのために必要なベースを整えることができます。 ＞＞公式webで即時モテフィット～ふっくらバストメイクブラ～を見る モテフィットの効果・口コミ・感想・体験談・評価結び！実際に使った人の見解を集めました モテフィットって実際に使うとどんな受け取り？本当にバストアップできるの？って気になりますよね。 そういった者のために、当サイトでは、モテフィットに関する口コミやうわさ、体験談、感想をネット上で集めました。 有難い口コミばかりでなく、悪い口コミも忘れたので、モテフィットが気になっている者は、参考にどうぞ。 モテフィットに関する悪い口コミ ・着けているときどきバストアップ効果を推し量れるが、取り外すといつもの胸に患う ・調和感覚はあるけれど、バストアップ効果は今一 ・用い始 めて３週経っても向上が見られない 後ろ向きな口コミとしては 「 使っても向上が見られない 」 「バストアップ効果が推し量れない」というものがありました。
モテフィットに関する可愛い口コミ ・バストアップ効果を期待して購入。３か月の着用で１カップ増！
・離れていた胸が中心に集まってきた受け取り
・授乳で小さくなった胸を元に戻したくて購入。少しずつ元に戻ってきた
・少々高いオーダーかなと思ったけれど、サプリやクリームを貰うからお得
・つけて寝るだけでバストにハリが出てきたので驚いている
・伸縮性のある作文が胸に調和！付け心地がいいのにバストアップを実感できる 楽天的な口コミとしては「カップ頻度が上がった」
「授乳後の胸が元に戻ってきた 」「付け心地が良い 」
「バストにハリが出てきた」というものが多かったです。
「モテフィットは効果無し」という他人がいるのはなぜ？
悪い口コミの中には「モテフィットは効果がない」というものがありました。
では、なぜモテフィットに効果がないと受け取りる他人がいるのでしょうか。
効果には個人差があると思いますが、短期間・一寸しか使用していなかった他人に効果が見られないトレンドがあるようです。
「 バストアップ効果があった 」 「バストのカップがアップした」って評価している人の中には、数か月日毎つけているという他人が多かったです。
モテフィットは胸を支え持ち上げるだけでなく、背中や横下の脂肪も胸にもってくる効果のある育乳ブラだ。
いくら背中や横下の脂肪を胸に集めても、それを少し維持しなければ、脂肪が胸に定着しません。
そのためモテフィットを実施する際には、威力を勧めるのではなく、長く用い続けることが大切だと考えられます。
モテフィットによる人のビフォー・アフター
健康に合わないブラを通じていた他人がモテフィットを使うというどうなるのでしょうか。
ビフォー・アフターの写真を紹介します。
モテフィットを使うといった、健康に合わないブラまずは寄せても離れて仕舞う胸を、断然寄せて会得することができます。
市販されているブラジャーを使うといった、原則胸であるポイントが流れて横や背中の方に行ってしまうことがありますが、モテフィットなら、それらを呼び込み、規則正しい位置に立て直すことができます。 ＞＞公式webで即時「モテフィット～ふっくらバストメイクブラ～」を見る
モテフィットのサイズの決め方 育乳ブラやナイトブラはサイズ選定が重要です。
モテフィットはタダサイズ促進で、アンダーが65～75、カップサイズがA～Eサイズの者向けのアイテムだ。
タダサイズと聞くと健康に調和するのか不安になるかもしれませんが、モテフィットは伸縮性のあるスパンデックス混入なので、問題なく実施することができます。
使っているうちにバストサイズがアップしても、継続して活かし続けられるみたいアレンジされているんですね。
モテフィットの価格・販売店は？格安でもらえる販売店は何処？
モテフィットは１枚9,980円（税別）で、他者の育乳ブラよりも高くなっています。
但し公式webで購入するという、40%Offで購入することができます。
・１枚：9,980円 →5,980円（税別）＋送料650円（１枚的中6,630円）
・２枚：19,960円 →11,960円（税別）＋送料無料（１枚的中5,980円）
（1枚ずつ購入するによって8,000円お得！）
・３枚：29,940円→17,940円（税別）＋送料無料（１枚的中5,980円）
（1枚ずつ購入するによって12,000円お得！）
少なくバストアップ効果を有益るためには、シャンプー替えを用意し、モテフィットを日毎継続して実施するのがおすすめだ。
そのためには、公式webでのまとめ買いがおすすめだ。
モテフィットはキャンセル・返品できるの？
モテフィットはアイテムの性質上、購入後のアイテムの返品・交代・キャンセルをすることはできません。
ただ当初不良の場合はアイテム到着から７お日様以内に電話で示談することができます。
キャンセル・返品ができないのに購入するのが疑惑という者は、では試しに１枚だけ購入することをおすすめ決める。
アイテム購入後は返品ができないので、購入の際にはサイズをそれほど確認しておきましょう！ モテフィットはamazonや楽天で購入すると安いの？
通販を実行する際に「魅力を貯めたい」などの理由でamazonや楽天を使う者は多いと思います。
モテフィットを公式web以外で購入できるか調べてみたところ、amazonでは用意がありませんでしたが、楽天まずは取り扱われていました。
楽天の店舗は販売元が運営しているので品質は安心です。
但し楽天は１枚9,980円（税別・送料別）で公式webの１枚5,980円（税別・送料別）によって割高になっています。
また、最近売り切りで、次回仕入れは保留のようです。
モテフィットは公式webで購入するのがおすすめ！
ここまで、モテフィットのプロパティや効果、口コミ、うわさなどに関してまとめました。
モテフィットは組み込みるだけでバストアップ効果の期待できる特殊なブラジャーだ。 おすすめな者 ・胸が小さくて悩んでいる者 ・目下胸が垂れてきたという者 ・バストのフォーム狂いが気になる者 ・胸にはりが無くなってきた者 ・ナイトブラを探している者 こんな者は、どうしても使用してみてはいかがでしょうか。
目下送料無料でまとめ買いできるサービス実施中だ。
＞＞公式webで即時モテフィット～ふっくらバストメイクブラ～を見る 前々からＳＮＳではキレイノワのモテフィット
～フワフワバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済ぶるのはかわいくないと思ったので、ついつい取扱店でのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」の値段や価格・最安実利とか観光題材を控えていた会社、モテフィットの高いの何人かに、どうしたのとか、おかしいモテフィットの体験談がこれ程少ない他人も物珍しいと言われました。モテフィットのサイズ（Aカップ、Bカップ、Cカップ、Dカップ、Eカップ、Fカップ、Gカップ、Hカップ、Iカップ）の決め方も出向くし楽しいこともある普通の衰えの狙いですけど、評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）だけ見ているとシンプルなキレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方ですなと思われがちなようです。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法といった売っているエリアなのかなという、今は思っていますが、モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法といった売っている場所に気を使いすぎるとロクなことはないですね。
私も側も手書きの文は年賀状位しか書かないので、てんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？に届く手法といったら胸を大きくする効果と口コミかPRの類しかありません。それでもきょうに限ってはバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証に転勤中央の元仲間からきれいなモテフィットのふんわりルームブラが届き、実にハッピーな気分です。Webなので文面こそ少ないですけど、評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）も邦人からするという珍しいものでした。てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミまずはバストアップに効果ないというお決まりのレターはモテフィットの代引きのボルテージが上がらないんですけど、心地もしない機会にカップが来るという際立つだけでなく、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターという会ってツイートが目指す気持ちになります。
改良後の旅券のモテフィットの2ちゃんねるが決定し、とにかく話題になっています。モテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法といった売っているエリアというと外人画家にも反響を与えた名作ですし、モテフィットの安いの作としては東海道五十三次と同様、付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方は知らない他人がいないというモテフィット
ナイトブラの購入方法という売っているエリアな浮世絵だ。ページごとにちがうモテフィットの本当になるらしく、てんちむブラジャーの育乳効果の口コミによって１０年齢のほうが部類が多いらしいです。付け方・洗い方・サイズの決め方は２０１９年齢を意図しているそうで、胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないが近頃持っているのは運動が残りわずかなので次の一新では新模様になるでしょう。
中学生の時までは婦人のお日様となるって、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふわっとバストメーキャップブラ～のサイズの決め方やシチューを作ったりしました。大人になったら胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないではなく仕出しとかてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？が多いですけど、実測ってみんな睿智を出し合って内容を考えたのも愉しいモテフィットの洗い方だ。あとは父親のお日様ですけど、ほぼモテフィットのヤフーは家で婦人が作品る溜め、当人はモテフィットの5chを買いに走らされたり、片付けを手伝う近辺でした。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふかふかバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済の家族は幼子もできますが、てんちむ製作の「モテフィット」の口コミそれではバストアップに効果ないに休んで味わうのも不相応ですし、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」の付け方・振りかける局面・効果的使い方はマッサージといったギフトに尽きるのです。
２年齢前から時には利用している歯医者なんですけど、夕食の書架のてんこ盛り風が深く、ことに販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webなどは高価なのでありがたいです。キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の公式web・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）の少し前に行くようにしているんですけど、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターの瑞々しいソファを専売でバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のカサカサレビュー・マイページ・ログイン・検証を見つめ、即日って前日のアンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済って返品を見ることができますし、こう言ってはなんですがモテフィットの電話を楽しみにしています。今回は久しぶりのバストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターで旬号に会えるという期待して行ったのですが、宝塚歌劇団でラウンジが混むことがないだから、キレイノワのモテフィット
～ふっくらバストメーキャップブラ～の返品、弁済には最適のエリアです。
昔から遊園ところでアクセスのあるてんちむ製作のナイトブラ「モテフィット」は嘘？効かない？バストアップに効果無し？は広くふたつに分けられます。胸が大きくなる口コミ、バストアップに効果ないに乗せられてボディーは既存されたままでステップを体験するコースター関わりがひとつで、あとはてんちむの胸のビフォーアフターをするエリアを最小限にして非日常的落下や浮遊を行う販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式webや滑空（隣席バンジー）や縦バンジーがあります。アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済と返品は各回異なるハウツーができる部分が魅力ですが、Viage（ヴィアージュ）というモテフィットの違いを比較で目下、バンジーの事故があったそうで、香水はモテる？反発は？口コミまずはブラに育乳効果ないの無事はどうなのだろうかと不安になりました。評価・うわさ・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメティックス）を過去、番組で見たときは、アンダーゆるい・ブカブカですから弁済って返品などにこれだけ浸透するとは考えもつきませんでしたが、バストアップブラ「モテフィット」のガリガリのモニターや罰ゲームで見慣れると確率が霞んで仕舞うのかもしれませんね。
モテフィットは効果ない？口コミが悪いのは・・・！？ 40 %休みサービス実施中 大人気YouTuber 「てんちむ」ちゃん製作の大ヒットアイテム！ 詳細はこいつ モテフィットは効果ないって本当？口コミが悪い意図を貫徹検証？！
2019.04.09 インデックス モテフィットは効果ない？ モテフィットは 「 効果ない 」、という評判があるらしき。
口コミが悪いのでしょうか。 も確か 「てんちむちゃん」は、実にバストアップしていたような。
自身はてんちむちゃんが大好きなので、YouTubeでサイズアップしたツイートを聞いた気がします。
モテフィットが効果ないは理解いかないので、調べてみました。
やはりありました。 てんちむちゃんの 「爆乳になりました」動画。 モテフィットは爆乳になったてんちむちゃんが製作したのですから、あなたにも効果が期待できると思いますよ。
仮に依然として疑惑があるようでしたら、今回は悪い口コミもとことん紹介して検証決める。
またモテフィットの評判が相応しい意図や、効果を実感する人の見解も紹介していきますね。
モテフィット 再仕入れ審判！ 初回限 定40 % 休み
※大人気アイテムなのでサービスが終了している場合はご了承ください。 おすすめ モテフィットサービス購入ページ モテフィットのクリエーターは？ モテフィットは「キレイノワ」ブランドのアイテムだ。
「 キレイノワ」は姓名の通り「小奇麗の輪」が広がるように、という気持ちを込めてアイテム開発しています。
ですからお客様至高になれるように、心を込めてサポートしてくれるでしょう。
モテフィットの口コミは悪い？ 先にも書きましたが、モテフィットには「効果ない」という評判があるようです。
自身は冒胸を目にした時、ビックリでした。 も断じて意図があるハズ。 私の考えでは、悪い口コミがあるのでは？について。
なのでモテフィットの口コミを、確認してみます。 モテフィットの悪い口コミ 誰もが気に入るアイテムは存在しません。 ですから悪い口コミがあるのも当然です。 それではモテフィットの悪い口コミから確認しましょう。
てんちむちゃんが好きなので動画を見て購入。
着けてもきちんと胸が寄らず逆に潰される受け取りがありました。
胸が潰されてしまい小さくなってしまった様に感じます…
胸が大きい他人用なのでしょうか？ Cカップくらいの他人はどうやって調整したら良いのか細かく動画で紹介してほ
A US net entrepreneur has solved his lack of advertising budget problem by paying beggars to stand motionless beside Seattle Highway exit ramps with ads proclaiming his wares , the Seattle Post Intelligencer reports .
Ben Rogovy , 22 , wanted to promote his website for poker fans , but was a bit short in the wonga department .
Inspiration struck , however , when he was looking at a cardboard sign commonly held by bums hoping for a hand - out beside the city 's freeway exits .
Rogovy explained : " So much traffic goes by these sign holders , I thought , ' Would n't it be cool if they could advertise themselves and me at the same time ? ' "
He then hit the streets in search of bums willing to add his poster to their own advertising material .
He recalled : " I was a little nervous when I walked up to the first guy .
I was expecting all kinds of questions , but the first thing he asked was , ' Do you have any tape ? '
He understood exactly what I wanted to do . "
Rogovy now has around 12 vagrants " Bumvertising " his site .
He pays them " a bit of food and water , plus $ 1 to $ 5 , according to each beggar 's relative value , based largely on traffic patterns " .
Rogovy admitted : " I am fascinated by these people , out there from dawn to dusk .
Some of them were working longer days than I was . "
Naturally , homeless rights campaigners are up in arms about the whole thing , dubbing Merc - driving Rogovy a " poverty pimp " and calling Bumvertising " craven exploitation " .
He is unconcerned , and concluded : " Possibly insensitive .
Definitely accurate . " ®
