Two years after Representative Newt Gingrich helped draft the Contract With America to advance Republican positions , Ms. Palin and her passion for Republican ideology and religious faith overtook a town known for a wide libertarian streak and for helping start the Iditarod sled dog race .
Image Sarah Palin taking office in Wasilla , Alaska , in 1996 .
Credit ... Photograph via Associated Press
“ Sarah comes in with all this ideological stuff , and I was like , ‘ Whoa , ’ ” said Mr. Stein , who lost the election .
“ But that got her elected : abortion , gun rights , term limits and the religious born - again thing .
I ’m not a churchgoing guy , and that was another issue : ‘ We will have our first Christian mayor . ’ ”
“ I thought : ‘ Holy cow , what ’s happening here ?
Does that mean she thinks I ’m Jewish or Islamic ? ’ ” recalled Mr. Stein , who was raised Lutheran , and later went to work as the administrator for the city of Sitka in southeast Alaska .
“ The point was that she was a born - again Christian . ”
For all the admiration in Alaska for Ms. Palin , her rapid ascent from an activist in the P.T.A. to the running mate of Senator John McCain did not come without battle wounds .
Her years in Wasilla , her first executive experience , reveal a mix of successes and stumbles , with Ms. Palin gaining support from a majority of residents for her drive , her faith and her accessibility but alienating others with what they said could be a polarizing single - mindedness .
“ She is an aggressive reformer who is n’t afraid to break glass , to bring change to Wasilla and later to the state of Alaska , ” said Taylor Griffin , a spokesman for the McCain campaign , who declined to address specific aspects of Ms. Palin ’s tenure as mayor .
“ Washington needs some of that . ”
A Turkish court has banned internet users from viewing the official Richard Dawkins website after a Muslim creationist claimed its contents were defamatory and blasphemous .
Adnan Oktar , who writes under the pen name of Harun Yahya , complained that Dawkins , a fierce critic of creationism and intelligent design , had insulted him in comments made on forums and blogs .
According to Oktar 's office , Istanbul 's second criminal court of peace banned the site earlier this month on the grounds that it " violated " Oktar 's personality .
His press assistant , Seda Aral , said : " We are not against freedom of speech or expression but you cannot insult people .
" We found the comments hurtful .
It was not a scientific discussion .
There was a line and the limit has been passed .
" We have used all the legal means to stop this site .
We asked them to remove the comments but they did not . "
Oktar , a household name in Turkey , has used hundreds of books , pamphlets and DVDS to contest Darwin 's theory of evolution .
In 2006 his publishers sent out 10,000 copies of the Atlas of Creation , a lavish 800 - page rejection of evolution .
Dawkins , one of the recipients , described the book as " preposterous " .
On his website the British biologist and popular science writer said he was at " a loss to reconcile the expensive and glossy production values of this book with the ' breathtaking inanity ' of the content . "
It is the third time Oktar and his associates have succeeded in blocking sites in Turkey .
In August 2007 Oktar persuaded a court to block access to WordPress.com .
His lawyers argued that blogs on WordPress.com contained libelous material that the company was unwilling to remove .
Last April , he made a libel complaint about Google Groups , which was subsequently blocked .
He failed to ban Dawkins ' book the God Delusion in Turkey after a court rejected his claims that it insulted religion .
PHOENIX ( Reuters ) - U.S. immigration agents have arrested 595 people at a Mississippi factory in what was the largest workplace enforcement raid in the United States to date , an immigration official said on Tuesday .
An Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent in an undated photo courtesy of the agency .
Immigration agents have arrested 595 people at a Mississippi factory in what was the largest workplace enforcement raid in the United States to date , an immigration official said on Tuesday .
REUTERS /ICE / Handout
Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez said federal agents arrested the workers in a raid at the Howard Industries Inc. factory in Laurel , Miss , on Monday ,
“ This is the largest targeted workplace enforcement operation we have carried out in the United States to date , ” Gonzalez told Reuters by telephone .
The swoop at the plant , which makes electrical equipment including transformers , was part of an ongoing investigation into identity theft and fraudulent use of Social Security and for illegal immigrants .
The nationalities of the detainees was not immediately available .
Gonzalez said 475 detainees were transferred to an ICE detention facility in Jena , Louisiana , while nine unaccompanied minors -- eight males and one female -- were placed in the custody of the office of refugee resettlement .
A further 106 people were released based on “ humanitarian concerns , ” Gonzalez said .
Immigration , particularly what do about some 12 million illegal immigrants living in the shadows in the United States , is a divisive issue in this election year .
Last year , Republicans in the U.S. Senate killed an immigration overhaul that would have offered many workers in the U.S. illegally a path to citizenship .
The measure was supported by both Republican presumptive nominee John McCain and Democrat rival Barack Obama .
Since its failure , immigration authorities have stepped up workplace enforcement raids , which have nabbed more than 4,000 people nationally since October 1 last year .
Previously the largest single immigration sweep was conducted at Agriprocessors Inc , a kosher meat plant in Postville , Iowa , which arrested 390 people in May .
One day 10 years ago , Richard Wrangham was lying in front of the fire in his home thinking about human evolution .
People like to think in front of fires , and Wrangham , a Harvard professor of biological anthropology , likes to think about human evolution , so it was n't really a special occasion .
Then Wrangham put the two together .
( Full article : 927 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Is it wise to assume that food will always be available if you can afford it ?
“ If It ’s not viable , if you ca n’t make it work during the good times , for crying out loud , it wont work when the country ’s economy is falling apart ”
About what people “ whish ” will happen when the economy goes down , and what ’s more likely to happen when there ’s an economy crisis .
There ’s people out there that hate their jobs , probably hate their lives , and think “ Yes , SHTF , then quickly comes TEOTWAWKI and everything will be ok , I wont have to work anymore , just grow food in my small piece of land , and people will drop by paying with gold coins for a few tomatoes ” Maybe you think I ’m exaggerating but you should see what some people out there think .
We joke about it with some internet buddies at Minion Report ( linked in the upper left corner ) .
Ended up in a terrific warlord parody thread , lots of keyboards died that day because of coffee or sodas :) , but there are places were people SERIOUSLY think they ’ll become warlords , shooting zombies all day , and have several nubile girls at their disposal …
A poster asked ;
In most cases yes .
Other than war and planned genocide , people die of hunger around the world because they can’t afford to buy food .
When food is cheap , everything is ok , when food becomes expensive , only those that can afford it will stay fed .
I ’m hearing right now as I write this a radio program that ’s talking about starvation and food problems in the country .
Yes people STILL starve to death in this country , a country with 44.000.000 in habitants , that produces food for more than 300.000.000 .
Problem is , most of that food gets sold to foreign nations .
I repeat , the problem you face with an economic crisis , is not that food just disappears , but that due to inflation it ’s only something fewer people can afford .
Now , rice , pasta and flour is still relatively cheap .
The problem most people are having regarding nutrition is affording protein rich food ( meats ) and fresh vegetables .
Both of these are just easy to grow in an orchard that people can set up in their backyards .
No need to run to the hills and start growing wheat .
It was and still is pretty common here for people ( specially in the suburbs ) to have a chicken coop , and some veggies in the back yard .
My grandparents did this , my wife ’s parents did this too .
And they did it without moving to the sticks or quitting they day jobs .
My grandfather worked all day in his carpenter shop and my grandmother had a rather successful bakery .
( closed because of robberies )
If farming is your trade and that ’s what you ’ve been doing your entire live and you are doing well , by all mean , continue doing what you are good at .
All I can advice you is to google up “ Farmer ’s crisis Argentina ” and read about the many problems they had .
It ’s best to know these things because with an economical crisis it ’s very likely to expect this to happen in USA too .
Farmers with small lots suffered the most .
Basically anyone with less than 400 hectares or so was sooner or later out of business .
You need a critical production mass to stay on business .
Maybe this will happen in USA , maybe not , but it DID happen here already and it ’s definitely something you should think of .
You have some land , a job that pays well , and as someone mentioned here , you enjoy working on your orchard and it produces food for free , but of course , do so and enjoy it !
What I mean is do n’t sell your home and move to 12 acres and think that living out of what you ’ll be able to grow is a good idea because it ’s definitely not .
Again , some people already know , this but many others that are very serious about survival think this way , and many actually did it and found out on their own that after a few years they where broke .
Guys , now the important part , as a general rule .
Another big mistakes is thinking that for some reason cities will just go up in flames .
Why do people think this ?
Because Katrina ?
Do people living in the sticks stay when there ’s floods , hurricanes , forest fires or volcano activity ?
You never know when you ’ll be forced to bug out , nothing guarantees you wont no matter where you live .
Rioters destroying the city .. when was the last time that happened ?
Riots start , there ’s looting and life just goes on .
I ’ve watched riots and even some looting while eating a burger in my lunch brake maybe 20 meters away from the rioters .
Sooner or later peace is restored and life goes on .
Problems living in the city ?
Of course .
Air sucks , a city without power is a grave within a couple of weeks , and if there ’s diseases they spread much quicker .
What you average doom worshiper does n’t know and I do :
When resources are limited , any mayor , any governor will concentrate those where the population is greater ( larger towns and cities ) .
Meaning if crime goes nuts , they ’ll post 3 cops per block in the nice parts of town , and let the rest be damned , like in Roman times were the roads are full or throat cutters and the cities are kept safe .
If the power goes down , there ’s already a grid , it ’s not as if power plants will suddenly disappear .
We have a nuclear power plant here that ’s been operational since the 60’s in spite of all the troubles , in spite of minimum maintenance .
When there ’s a need , people find a way to keep things going .
When dengue disease turned into a serious problem and resources where limited , guess where they fumigated first ?
When yellow fever became pandemic at the northern border with Brazil in Misiones , the first ones to be affected where the ones living in some of the most isolated places you can think of .
There ’s pro and con to both living in the city and the country .
The best thing in my opinion is to live in between but closer to a city large enough to ensure health care and job opportunities .
Guys , there 's some questions in the replies on the previous post , I 'll answer those tonight .
Take care .
FerFAL
Do you have need of a place to host your Boston bike related website ?
Let us know , we can help .
The Latest From BostonBiker.org
News , Events , Updates
Boston By Bike … At Night This Weekend Written by Boston Biker on Aug 05
From the email :
This year ’s ride will be 8/17 – 8/18 , 2019 .
It ’s very helpful whe we have a few more HAM radio operators to run
commuications with communication .
If you are a HAM or know one who is
interested in the ride , please let me know .
We ’re always happy to have
more helpers .
We also have spare radios this year , so if you ’re
licensed , but do n’t have a radio , please do n’t let that stop you from
volunteering .
I have some help coordinating radio operators this year , so if you ’re
interested , please reply to [ email protected ] .
Please note that there is ( intentionally ) no Midnight Ride email list .
I ’ll try to be helpful about letting people know what I know , but make
no promises .
Quoting from this year ’s flyer : >>>
Boston By Bike … At Night
>>>
Midnight ’ til dawn
>>>
Saturday , August 17 , 2019
>>>
Thirty - first Annual Tour of Architectural and Historic Sites
>>>
Meet at * 11:15 pm* in front of Trinity Church in Copley Square
>>>
Bring a bicycle with a light and wear something reflective ; helmet recommended .
>>>
Commemorative T - shirts available .
>>>
Bring something for pot luck breakfast Sunday in Christopher Columbus Park .
>>> –>
Please bring a spare inner tube that fits your tires .
>>> Sponsored by the Back Bay Midnight Pedalers
>>>
For information call 617-522-0259
>>> Ride Support provided by Ferris Wheels Bike Shop , Jamaica Plain
Tweet Add to Reddit .
Posted in No Comments »
Tags : boston by bike at night Posted in fun
The Word On The Street
FAIR USE NOTICE
This blog may contain copyrighted material .
Such material is made available for educational purposes , to advance understanding of human rights , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues , etc .
This constitutes a " fair use " of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the U.S. Copyright law .
This material is distributed without profit .
SUNDAY AM : It was n’t just my imagination — this turned out to be the slowest box office weekend of the entire year , and the worst weekend in 5 years .
The overall weekend was expected to generate around $ 66 million in box - office when all the final figures are tallied on Monday , according to Media By Numbers .
The last time a weekend was lower was the post - Labor Day weekend in 2003 ( start date of 9/5/03 ) when the overall weekend generated $ 66.7 million .
Of course , the bad weather in big parts of the country had to be a factor , too .
But even with no competition since it was the only new wide release , Nicolas Cage in Lionsgate ’s predictable hit man action pic Bangkok Dangerous still could n’t attract an audience .
It barely opened in 2,650 theaters for just a $ 7.8 million weekend — much less than the tracking showed , or about what his film Next debuted to in 2007 .
Clearly the only reason anyone wants to see Cage is if he ’s starring in a Marvel comic book movie like Ghost Rider ( and Sony is making the sequel , Ghost Rider 2 ) or Disney ’s National Treasure franchise .
Other than those , he has n’t starred in a movie that ’s made money since , like , forever .
Really , Cage needs to take a long , hard look at his career since constantly appearing in bad pics like this is a price quote killer .
( And he needs to pay his taxes , too . )
DreamWork / Paramount ’s moviemaking spoof Tropic Thunder took 2nd place with $ 7.5 million from 3,446 venues and finished the weekend with a new cume of $ 96.8 M .
Sony ’s Playboy - meets - college comedy The House Bunny was No. 3 Friday with $ 5.9 million from 2,736 dates and new cume of $ 36.9 million .
In the 4th spot was Warner Bros ’ mega - blockbuster The Dark Knight which eked out another $ 5.7 million from 2,575 plays a new cume of $ 512.1 M .
And in 5th place for the second week ( - 31 % ) is Overture ’s Traitor starring Don Cheadle which made $ 4.6 million from 2,066 runs for a new cume of $ 17.6 million .
Time Signature and Meter :: Key words :
time signature
meter
beat
pulse
simple time
simple meter
compound time
compound meter
divisive rhythm 1 Time Signature and Meter
Where we divide time into various units of measurement ( hours , minutes , seconds ) , so we divide music into beats .
You can think of the beat as the ' pulse ' of the music .
The association of music with ' dance ' is central to much of Western music and demonstrates how responsive we are to repetitive rhythmic patterns .
Dancers require that dance music be regular .
It should neither speed up nor slow down .
This is best achieved by imitating the dancers ' steps in the rhythm of the musical line .
The shape or pattern of the step sequences finds itself reflected in the pattern of strong and weak beats in the accompanying music .
A march , for example , imitates the ' left - right ' pattern of the marchers ' steps - the meter comprises two beats ; the first strong and the second weak .
By convention , the first beat in a bar is usually the strongest .
Bar Pattern of Beats or Meter Pattern over Four Bars 1 beat bar S trong 1 : S | S | S | S | 2 beat bar S trong W eak 2 : S W | S W | S W | S W | 3 beat bar S trong M edium W eak 3 : S M W | S M W | S M W | S M W | 4 beat bar S trong W eak M edium W eak 4 : S W M W | S W M W | S W M W | S W M W 6 beat bar S trong M edium W eak S trong M edium W eak 6 : S M W S M W | S M W S M W | S M W S M W | S M W S M W
The regularity of the meter is imposed on the musical line by using a regular number of beats in each bar but we have to choose which note sign is going to be the beat .
The time signature is written as two numbers , one set above the other , usually placed immediately before the first note .
The upper number tell us the number of beats in a bar .
The lower number tells us which note sign is to represent the beat .
Some examples are explained below .
Time Signature Description Beat Time Duration Explanation Bar Time Duration 2
1 two beats in the bar
the beat is a semibreve ( whole note ) a bar contains 2 times 1/1 ( semibreve=a whole note ) 3
2 three beats in the bar
the beat is a minim ( half note ) a bar contains 3 times 1/2 ( minim=a half note ) 4
4 four beats in the bar
the beat is a crotchet ( quarter note ) a bar contains 4 times 1/4 ( crotchet=a quarter note ) 6
8 six beats in the bar
the beat is a quaver ( eighth note ) a bar contains 6 times 1/8 ( quaver=an eighth note ) 11
16 eleven beats in the bar
the beat is a semiquaver ( sixteenth note ) a bar contains 11 times 1/16 ( semiquaver=a sixteenth note ) A bar may be made up of notes and / or rests .
We give some examples below which demonstrate the use of notes and rests to complete bars .
In each case the total number of beats in a bar reflects that expected from the time signature .
Lesson 15 discusses in detail how to distinguish simple time / simple meter and compound time / compound meter .
Click here to read about how we ' say ' or ' vocalise ' time signatures .
When we write them as text , for example when writing about time signatures , time signatures are generally written with the top number separated from the bottom by a slash , like a fraction , e.g. 3/4 .
The time signatures we have discussed above are examples of what in music is termed divisive rhythm , a rhythm in which a larger period of time is divided into smaller rhythmic units .
While time signatures usually have no particular connotation as time signatures , experience shows that certain signatures are associated with certain tempi and particular musical forms .
We give a summary below .
Time signature Associated information 1
1 used very rarely : several times by Edward Elgar ( 1857 - 1934 ) in several of his studies and in Variation 7 ( Troyte , Presto , C major ) of his Variations on an Original Theme ( later called ' Enigma ' ) , Op. 36 , and by Alexander Borodin ( 1833 1887 ) in the Scherzo of his Symphony No. 2 in B minor 2 usually used instead of 2/2 , the mark , as applied up to the mid-eighteenth century , is employed in music that is very slow and also in music that is extremely fast .
Hotteterre , who points out that the marking is never found in Italian music , recommends the use of supplementary signs to distinguish the slow from the quick .
For example , the markings alla cappella or alla breve indicate an exceeedingly fast 2 - in - a - bar tempo 2
1 cut time or alla breve , used for marches , sometimes marked 2
2 cut time , alla breve or ' in 2 ' , sometimes marked used for marches and fast orchestral music , and frequently occurs in musical theatre 3 an alternative to 3/4 , usually signifying a quicker tempo although Hotteterre ( 1719 ) indicates that music in 3 might be very slow or sometimes very fast 3
2 also known as double triple or major triple , because its pulse should be twice as slow as that of ordinary triple time ( i.e. 3/4 ) , the meter is usually taken in three slow beats 4
2 alla breve , rare in music since 1600 , although Brahms used it occasionally .
Marpurg ( writing in about 1755 ) informs us that " this metre is used only in counterpoint and fugues " 2
4 used for polkas or marches .
About its use in pre-mid - eighteenth - century music , Choquel ( 1759 ) writes that the meter is used for music that is neither too slow nor too fast ; in other words , the speed is generally moderato 3
4 used for waltzes , minuets and scherzi and country & western ballads .
In pre-mid - eighteenth - century French music , 3/ 4 signifies music that is neither too fast nor too slow occasionally published time signatures can be incorrect .
The Beatles ' Norwegian
Wood is published with a 3 / 4 time signature , possibly the result of a mistake by an assistant editor in a publishing house .
McCartney did n't read music , at least not then .
But in fact it is phrased in 6/8 , which would be the correct time signature 4
4 common time widely used in classical music ; the usual time signature in rock , jazz , country , and bluegrass , and most modern pop or dance music .
4/4 was rarely used before the mid-eighteenth century , when the standard symbol for four beats in a bar was .
Hotteterre ( 1719 ) informs us that common time metre is suitable for Preludes or first movements of Sonatas , Allemandes , Adagios , Fugues , etc. but not Airs de Ballet 5
4 used for Dave Brubeck 's Take Five and the original versions of the theme from Mission : Impossible 1 .
It is also used in classical music by Gustav Holst in Mars from The Planets ; usually grouped as 3+2 or 2+3 6
4 in pre-mid - eighteenth - century French music , sometimes called ' the meter of six slow beats ' .
Although originally used in slow music ( and seldom found in Italian music ) , it was used later for lively buoyant airs and particularly for Reprises in French baroque opera 7
4 used for numerous Genesis songs , Money by Pink Floyd ( see also 7/8 below ) and The Unsquare Dance by Dave Brubeck 9
4 in pre-mid - eighteenth - century French music , suitable for music with three slow beats in each bar , neither too slow nor too fast 12
4 Brossard ( 1703 ) writes that this meter " is suitable for tender , affectionate kinds of expression , and sometimes for lively and animated kinds " .
Other writers indicate that the meter is performed with four beats to the bar , but gravely , each beat having three crotchets ( quarter notes ) or the equivalent 2
8 as applied to pre-mid - eighteenth - century music , the marking 2/8 is usually to be thought of as a metre of one rapid beat , suitable for Tambourins and other pieces of like character 3
8 or minor triple , as applied to pre-mid - eighteenth - century music , generally very quick , twice as fast as music in 3/4 4
8 as applied to pre-mid - eighteenth - century music , although sometimes used in place of 2/4 , the marking 4/8 is usually to be thought of as a metre of two rapid beats 6
8 used for light , double and triple jigs , fast waltzes or marches .
In general , music in 6/8 is taken at a faster speed than music in 6 / 4 and is most commonly felt as two beats to the bar 7
8 the sheet music for Money by Pink Floyd shows a predominant time signature of 7/4 ( simple septuple ) .
David Gilmour , the guitarist , states it as being 7/8 on the documentary , The Making of The Dark Side of the Moon .
Most rock music is in 4/4 , or common time , and most of the exceptions are in 3 / 4 or a similar triple meter .
During the guitar solo the song changes to 4/4 , then returns to 7/4 , then ends in 4/4 again .
This was done because David Gilmour thought it would be too complicated to write the solo in seven beat form .
Critics have commented that the change in dynamic ( maintaining tempo but changing from seven beats to the bar to 8 beats making the song feel quicker ) is one of the track 's strengths a distinction between 7/4 and 7/8 is discussed and demonstrated in this video 9
8 compound triple time , used today rarely although it occurs in Dukas ' The Sorcerer 's Apprentice and in traditional slip and hop jigs .
It appeared in late seventeenth - century France as a meter that is to be taken half as fast again as its parallel 9/4 , and was thought suitable particularly for gigues 12
8 common in blues and doo - wop , as well as some traditional single jigs or slides .
In the eighteenth century the 12/8 metre was taken in 4 , with three quavers ( eighth notes ) to each beat .
In the opinion of Brossard ( 1755 ) this meter was used by the Italians for tender and affectionate feelings although it would then bear a marking such as adagio affettuoso without which the movement would be spirited and lively 3
16 a rare compound time ( one sixteenth note triplet to the bar ) which in the opinion of Brossard ( 1755 ) is suitable for extremely lively and exceedingly rapid music 6
16 a rare compound time ( two sixteenth note triplets to the bar ) used for extremely rapid pieces , what the Italians would describe as a prestissimo 9
16 a rare compound time ( three sixteenth note triplets to the bar ) for very fast music 12
16 suitable for extremely lively and rapid music which the Italians describe with the word prestissimo [ Brossard ( 1755 ) ] .
Hotteterre ( 1719 ) suggests that one of the earliest to use this marking in France was François Couperin 14
16 used by Philip Glass ' Mad Rush although , as we mention above , rock music uses a basic 4/4 beat ( however accented or syncopated ) , math rock frequently uses compound time signatures ( meters ) such as 7/8 , 11/8 , or 13/8 , or features constantly changing meters based on various groupings of 2 and 3 .
This rhythmic complexity , seen as " mathematical " in character by many listeners and critics , is what gives the genre its name
One of our readers , Kenneth J. Nessing , posed an interesting question : " Is there an advantage , or other reason for , writing a piece in 5/ 4 as opposed to 5/8 ?
There is a convention whether to notate the lower figure in a time signature as an 8 or a 4 .
Usually , a 4 , as the lower figure in a time signature , indicates that the music is to be played more slowly than when the lower figure is an 8 .
The speed difference is not as great as that found in Ars Nova mensuration ( with its modus , tempus and prolatio ) and so we may regard this now as just a convention .
So , a jig ( which is a quick 3 in a bar ) is usually written in 3/8 , while a minuet ( which is usually a slower 3 in a bar ) is written in 3/ 4 .
References : List of works in irregular time signatures
On the Perception of Meter Unusual Time Signatures and Hypermeasure :: Key words :
odd meter
hypermeasure 1 Unusual Time Signatures and Hypermeasure
The second movement of Tchaikovsky 's Symphony No. 6 in B minor , Pathetique , begins like a typical waltz , except for the unusual feature of a five over four time signature broken into two plus three crotchet beats per bar .
Click Allegro con grazia to hear the opening of the second movement .
Charles Ives , in his 114 Songs published in 1922 , employs a number of unusual time notations .
In some cases , for example songs no 21 , 27 and 30 , he uses no time signature at all , while in song no .
6 he marks a time signature of four and a half over four .
In song no .
37 there is no time signature or bar lines and the performer is directed to mark off the bars to suite his taste .
These effects demonstrate how composers have always tried to bend formal notation to produce novel effects .
Ives used this particular set of songs to explore notation , harmony and the relationship between the artist , the music and the listener .
Charles Ives : Postface to 114 Songs ( selections from " Postface To 114 Songs " , Essays Before a Sonata , The Majority , and Other Writings ) . . . .
Be that as it may , our theory has a name : it is , " the balance of values , " or " the circle of sources " ( in these days of chameleon - like efficiency every whim must be classified under a scientific - sounding name to save it from investigation ) .
It stands something like this : that an interest in any art - activity from poetry to baseball is better , broadly speaking , if held as a part of life , or of a life , than if it sets itself up as a whole -- a condition verging , perhaps , toward a monopoly or , possibly , a kind of atrophy of the other important values , and hence reacting unfavorably upon itself .
. . . . . .
To illustrate further ( and to become more involved ) : if this interest , and everyone has it , is a component of the ordinary life , if it is free primarily to play the part of the , or a , reflex , subconscious - expression , or something of that sort , in relation to some fundamental share in the common work of the world , as things go , is it nearer to what nature intended it should be , than if , as suggested above , it sets itself up as a whole -- not a dominant value only , but a complete one ?
If a fiddler or poet does nothing all day long but enjoy the luxury and drudgery of fiddling or dreaming , with or without meals , does he or does he not , for this reason , have anything valuable to express ? -- or is whatever he thinks he has to express less valuable than he thinks ?
This is a question which each man must answer for himself .
It depends , to a great extent , on what a man nails up on his dashboard as " valuable . "
Does not the sinking back into the soft state of mind ( or possibly a non-state of mind ) that may accept " art for art 's sake " tend to shrink rather than toughen up the hitting muscles -- and incidentally those of the umpire or the grandstand , if there be one ?
To quote from a book that is not read , " Is not beauty in music too often confused with something which lets the ears lie back in an easy - chair ?
Many sounds that we are used to do not bother us , and for that reason are we not too easily inclined to call them beautiful ? " . . .
Possibly the fondness for personal expression -- the kind in which self - indulgence dresses up and miscalls itself freedom -- may throw out a skin - deep arrangement , which is readily accepted at first as beautiful -- formulae that weaken rather than toughen the musical - muscles .
If a composer 's conception of his art , its functions and ideals , even if sincere , coincides to such an extent with these groove - colored permutations of tried - out progressions in expediency so that he can arrange them over and over again to his delight -- has he or has he not been drugged with an overdose of habit - forming sounds ?
. . . .
References : The Music of Charles Ives - including excerpts from the 114 Songs The Music of Charles Ives - Exercises - showing examples of Ives ' extraordinary ideas about tonality and rhythm Notation is but a means to an end .
If the notation is formal nonsense then the composer 's instructions will no longer have any meaning .
Our task as performer is to discover the notion behind the notation .
The time signature four and a half over four may be unusual but it is not nonsense .
Using the information above , we realise that each bar will contain the equivalent of four crotchets plus one quaver .
There is no reason why time signatures should not show more complicated groupings ; for example , a group of four crotchets followed by a group of five quavers repeated over several bars might be notated 4/4 + 5/8 .
Rhythmic patterns like this , called odd meters , can be found in Balkan folk dance music .
Time signatures compounded from smaller units , for example 4 / 4 next to 3/4 , appear in music where the bars alternate , in this case with four and three crotchets in alternate bars .
That a time signature might relate to groups made up of more than one bar has led to the concept of the hypermeasure , where the individual bars in a hypermeasure perform the same rhythmic role as individual notes in a single measure or bar .
The example above , four over four plus three over four , is an example of a two - bar hypermeasure while a twelve - bar blues is an example of a twelve - bar hypermeasure .
Mensuration :: Key words :
mensuration
modus
tempus
prolatio
major
minor 1 Mensuration
Time signatures arose from mensuration , a system devised in the thirteenth century to govern rhythmic relationships in music .
Relationships between the duration of different notes were defined as follows :
The relationship between the longa and the breve was called the modus ;
The relationship between the breve and the semibreve , the tempus ;
The relationship between the semibreve and the minim , the prolatio ;
These relationships could be either 3:1 ( perfect , or in the case of modus or prolatio major ) or 2:1 ( imperfect , or in the case of modus or prolatio minor ) .
By adjusting these relationships and mixing them amongst each other , many different divisions of time ( just like modern time signatures ) were constructed .
The ' perfection of 3 ' comes from its association with the Holy Trinity .
Reference :
Mensuration - An Introduction Common Time & Alla Breve / Cut Time :: Key words :
common time
modus
tempus perfectum
tempus imperfectum
alla breve
alla cappella time
cut time 1 Common Time & Alla Breve / Cut Time
In earlier times it was common practice only to indicate the number of beats in a bar .
Triple metre , e.g. 3/4 , or tempus perfectum was represented by a circle ( according to Pythagoras the sphere represents perfection ) , while tempus imperfectum , i.e. 4/4 , was represented by a half circle in the form of a letter C. Duple metre , i.e. 2/2 , was represented by a semicircle with a vertical line .
The two latter symbols have remained in use even if they now appear in a somewhat stylised form .
The half circle intersected by a vertical line can be used also for the time signature 2/1 .
The first symbol is called ' common time ' , representing four crotchet beats in a bar .
This is illustrated in the first example below .
The second symbol , similar to the first but crossed with a vertical line , is called alla breve ( Italian , literally ' according to the breve ' ) , alla cappella time or cut time .
It usually represents two minim beats in a bar .
This is illustrated in the second example .
Again , bars can be made up of notes and / or rests .
Reference : Metrical Displacement and the Compound Measure in Eighteenth - Century Theory and Practice Cut time as used in dance music or jazz generally means that the music is played twice as fast as you would ordinarily expect , based on the notes .
Where normally a crotchet would correspond to a beat , now the minim becomes the unit of counting .
Merengue music is usually notated in cut - time ; each of the " one - two " steps corresponds to a minim instead of a crotchet as might have been expected .
Changing Time Signatures :: Key word :
time signature 1 Changing Time Signatures
When the time signature of a piece remains unchanged it will only appear at the beginning of the first bar of the work .
However , if the composer wants to change the time signature during the piece , this takes place at the beginning of the bar where the change is required , and the change remains in force until the end of the piece or until a further change is made .
An example of this is given below .
A number of readers have asked whether the tempo changes when the meter changes .
In the example above , two bars ( measures ) of 2/4 followed by two bars ( measures ) of 3/4 and ending with one bar ( measure ) of 4/4 , the duration of the crotchet ( quarter note ) remains the same through the five bar ( measure ) section unless there had been other markings to the contrary ( for example , rall . , accel. , etc. ) .
The Whole Bar Rest :: Key word :
whole bar rest
multiple bar rest 1 The Whole Bar Rest While , in general , every bar will contain the number of beats set by the time signature , in the form of notes , rests or both , there are occasions where a bar appears to have beats that do not add up to that given by the time signature .
The most common difference occurs when a whole bar rest , identical to the semibreve rest ( or whole - rest ) , is being used .
The written time value is always 4 crotchets ( or 4 quarter notes ) .
However the played time value of a whole bar rest is set by the time signature .
Thus , in 2/4 , the whole bar rest has a played time value of 2 crotchets ( or 2 quarter notes ) , while in 3/4 , the whole bar rest has a played time value of 3 crotchets ( or 3 quarter notes ) .
This rest is illustrated below in four bars each with a different time signature .
There is one exception to this usage : when the time signature is 4 / 2 the whole bar rest is the breve or double whole rest .
Where there are a number of successive bars all marked in the score as whole bar rests and all bearing the same time signature they may be ' collected together ' when printed in an individual part .
We illustrate below a multiple bar rest lasting 21 bars .
Incomplete Bars :: Key word :
incomplete bar
incomplete measure
anacrusis
1 Incomplete Bars A bar may not contain the expected number of beats when the first beat of a work is not a strong beat and so the first bar is incomplete .
An opening that begins on a weak beat is called an anacrusis , a term derived from poetry .
An example of a weak beat opening is given below .
It is good practice to balance the incomplete bar at the beginning of the piece with a truncated or short bar at the end .
The two bars taken together should have the same number of beats as an inner bar .
However , this is no more than a ' convention ' and nowadays it is often ignored .
Time signatures are considered further in lesson 15 .
Ametric Music :: Key word :
ametric music 1 Ametric Music
One of the earliest needs for a methodical approach to musical notation arose from a desire to systematise religious chant .
Guido d'Arezzo was not the first to notice that an oral tradition where the learning of musical lines passed from teacher to pupil , from choir director to choir member , would lead to the introduction of error and variation from the prescribed forms laid down in Rome , but he was one of the first to suggest how this might be overcome .
The rhythmic detail in chant follows from the words and so a musical line with the words written above or below the notated line would suffice to guide the singer .
There is no need to add bar lines to show a regular underlying pulse because chant , on the whole , does not have any formal regularity .
In performance and conception the musical line is tied to the religious text and this is irregular .
In early consort music , interesting musical effects were produced by placing parts together where the juxtaposition of rhythm in one line against a different rhythm in another made it impossible to bar both in any meaningful way .
For the performer , the absence of barlines actually makes the individual part easier to play and produces a greater freedom in the interpretation of the musical line .
In essence , the music is less ' vertical ' , less ' harmonic ' ; rather , it is more ' horizontal ' , more ' melodic ' .
In the twentieth century , composers looked again to ametric music as a way of freeing musical expression from the repetitive rhythmic patterns that the use of formal time signatures implies .
Chant , which is generally unbarred , much of the consort music from the seventeenth century , and more modern compositions , where barring is irregular or absent and the music has no rhythmic regularity , is said to be ametric .
Non-European folk traditions may also offer examples of ametric music , for example , honkyoku repertoire for the shakuhachi .
During the 1930s , Messiaen took rhythmic ideas from India ( deci tala ) , ancient Greece and the Orient and developed ametrical rhythm , describing it in a treatise published in 1944 .
The techniques he used included augmented or diminished rhythms , retrograde rhythms and polyrhythm , also called cross-rhythm .
Michael Ball writes about Messiaen and about his approach to rhythm : " ( As ) teacher and lecturer at the Paris Conservatoire , he held classes in analysis , theory , aesthetics and rhythm but it was n't until 1966 that he was officially appointed Professor of Composition .
Many famous ' names ' passed through these classes including Pierre Boulez , Karlheinz Stockhausen , Iannis Xenakis , Alexander Goehr and later George Benjamin for whom Messiaen had a particular fondness and admiration .
Perhaps the one thing that rubbed off on all these composers was Messiaen 's avoidance of regular metre , citing it as artificial , relating to marches and more popular music .
Messiaen supported his argument by pointing out that in nature things are neither even nor regular .
For example , the branches of a tree and the waves of the sea are not even patterns .
However , what is ' true ' is ' natural resonance ' , and this ' true ' phenomenon is what his music is based on . "
For other examples of ametric music you might examine Gregorian chant , seventeenth - century consort music in facsimile ( much was originally unbarred although some editions may include modern - day editorial barring ) and , from the twentieth century , Ligeti's Atmosphères ( 1961 ) or , from the end of the nineteenth century , Debussy 's Prélude à l'après - midi d'un faune ( written between 1892 - 1894 ) . :: next lesson
Tags
A Tyson Chicken plant in Shelbyville , Tennessee has agreed to grant its workers a day off for the Muslim holiday Eid el - Fitr , replacing Labor Day at the request of the union that represents approximately 1200 plant employees , among them approximately seven hundred Somali Muslim immigrants .
Predictably , the decision has created a firestorm of controversy and attracted considerable criticism .
This criticism is largely unwarranted , however .
First , how firms and workers contract with one another is none of our business .
Second , granting a different holiday harms no one .
As I understand it , workers who wish to take time off for the Muslim holiday may do so and work on Labor Day .
Those who wish to celebrate Labor Day will probably not be prevented from doing so .
Finally , it is n't clear that Labor Day is worth celebrating .
According to the US Department of Labor , Labor Day " is a creation of the labor movement and is dedicated to the social and economic achievements of American workers . "
It is also a holiday that is largely grounded in fiction .
Part of the traditional narrative of the labor movement is encapsulated in this passage from the US Department of Labor 's website :
The vital force of labor added materially to the highest standard of living and the greatest production the world has ever known and has brought us closer to the realization of our traditional ideals of economic and political democracy .
It is appropriate , therefore , that the nation pay tribute on Labor Day to the creator of so much of the nation 's strength , freedom , and leadership — the American worker .
What creates wealth , though , is the capital investments and technological changes that allow us to produce more and more with less and less , to adapt the terminology of mid-20th - century economist Joseph A. Schumpeter .
Labor is important , but what makes us rich is the capital and technology that make labor more productive .
The second part of the traditional narrative argues that strong unions were important because they prevented workers from being exploited .
Dickensian caricatures of the Industrial Revolution paint vivid pictures of employers exploiting workers .
However , recent evidence suggests that pretty much all of the gains from the Industrial Revolution went to unskilled labor : rents barely changed , therefore the gains from industrialization were not absorbed by landowners ; interest rates barely changed , therefore the gains from industrialization were not absorbed by capitalists ; wages — particularly unskilled wages — exploded .
The idea that collective bargaining was necessary to prevent worker exploitation is a historical myth .
Therefore , if anything should be looked at critically , it is the fact that Tyson is essentially coerced via New Deal–era Federal legislation into bargaining with the union , which restricts their options considerably .
An August 2 , 2008 article from WorldNetDaily records angry comments from Shelbyville Times online forum participants .
One commenter , apparently without irony , remarked ,
This is America , founded by the blood of our forefathers and should not be challenged by Somalians [ sic ] , Hispanics , or any other immigrants .
If they come to America , they need to learn our language and our ways .
They can practice their culture in private if they so please , but not shove it down our throats .
The commenter ignores the fact that the United States is a nation of immigrants dedicated to the proposition that all are equal .
Second , nothing is being shoved down anyone 's throat .
This illustrates an important principle about freedom .
Ignoring for now how unions distort markets , the sanctity of private contracting is part of the essence of America .
Whether a firm and an employee wish to agree to let people have time off for Christmas , Eid el - Fitr , Yom Kippur , Kwanzaa , or Festivus is between the firm and the employee .
Firms hire managers to make those kinds of decisions , and as a private citizen , I do not have the right to interfere .
We can , on grounds of personal liberty and economic wisdom , dispute the workers ' right to extract concessions from their employers .
This is n't the criticism people are making , though .
The bargains the firm makes with its workers are nobody else 's business .
There is no One Right Way to do things , and I , as an interested observer in Memphis , cannot tell factory workers in Shelbyville how they can and cannot write their contracts .
Movies were born when Auguste and Louis Lumiere ( and ultimately Thomas Edison ) projected a series of still photos in rapid succession , causing the viewer to perceive motion where there was none .
Matching the projector ’s speed with the speed of the camera made the motion lifelike .
Undercranking ( running the camera slowly ) and overcranking ( running the camera faster than the projector ) caused a film to appear faster or slower than reality .
It was n’t long after the invention of motion pictures that camera operators and directors intentionally ran the camera faster or slower than normal to create special effects .
Time - lapse photography is a variation on this .
With time - lapse photography , it ’s possible to compress time into short periods , making days or weeks pass by in seconds .
Hackneyed examples include flowers unfolding in the sun and clouds passing across scenic horizons .
But cobble together a cheap digital camera , a $ 129 timer , and a motorcycle battery , and you ’ve got the basics of a system that can go far beyond clichés .
Old School “ Educational Experience ”
The traditional time - lapse photography materials include motion picture film ; cameras with one or two pin-register mechanisms to keep the picture accurate relative to the sprocket holes ; and an intervalometer , an electronic timer that exposes a frame or series of frames at a set interval .
I first attempted a time - lapse film more than 20 years ago .
I rented a 16 mm time - lapse camera with a double pin-register mechanism and an electronic timer to expose the frame and advance the film ( Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 .
This old - school time - lapse camera is a Mitchell 16 mm animation camera with an electronic intervalometer .
This old - school time - lapse camera is a Mitchell 16 mm animation camera with an electronic intervalometer .
My plan was to photograph the launch of a dozen hot - air balloons .
I set the camera on a tripod on the hill above the event , loaded it with 400 feet of 16 mm motion picture film , and set the timer to take one frame every few minutes .
That calculation was based on how many frames there were on 400 feet of film ( 16,000 frames , running time about 11 minutes ) divided by the number of hours I estimated the event to last ( about three ) .
I started the camera before sunrise on the appointed day , then joined the balloonists .
But the wind picked up , making balloon launches dangerous , so only two pilots chose to fly .
My film , after processing , suffered from several problems .
The most significant was that it ran way too quickly ; the balloons were inflated and disappeared out the top of the frame in less than a second .
I had chosen too long a period between frames .
Double - or triple - speed would have been fine .
This turned out to be an “ educational experience ” — that is , a flop .
Documenting GlobalFlyer
Years passed before the next time - lapse opportunity : to document the construction of Global Flyer , an airplane designed and built by the legendary aircraft designer Burt Rutan at Scaled Composites in Mojave , California .
( The plane flew non -stop around the world in March 2005 , setting numerous world records ) .
My project partner Jim Sugar and I had been given exclusive photo access to that plane , and we were there when the first spar of carbon - fiber epoxy was removed from the curing oven .
We attached two Nikon F3 35 mm film cameras on the hangar walls and began a time - lapse project that lasted well over a year ( Figure 2 ) .
Figure 2 .
One of the Nikon F3 cameras with a long - roll film back affixed .
The lens is a 20 mm wide - angle .
The other camera was fitted with a 15 mm lens .
The camera is on its own mount , which was then attached to the limpet mounts on the walls of the hangar .
One of the Nikon F3 cameras with a long - roll film back affixed .
The lens is a 20 mm wide - angle .
The other camera was fitted with a 15 mm lens .
The camera is on its own mount , which was then attached to the limpet mounts on the walls of the hangar .
Jim and I bought two 250 - exposure long - roll backs for the film cameras we already owned and soon were up - and - running with intervalometers custom - made by D.K. Philbin and Harold Hallikainen in San Luis Obispo , California .
We calculated the interval between frames , 19 minutes , by dividing the number of frames on 33 feet of film into the working hours in a two - week period .
We positioned one of the two cameras to look down the fuselage of the plane , almost perfectly centered .
The second camera looked across the right wing at an angle .
They each shot the same number of frames daily ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 .
The camera ’s view of Hangar 63 , in which GlobalFlyer was taking shape .
The camera ’s view of Hangar 63 , in which GlobalFlyer was taking shape .
Every two weeks , a technician put in fresh film and mailed the exposed film cartridges to a processing lab in Burbank , which sent me the processed film .
I reloaded the film cartridges and mailed them back to the hangar for the next two weeks .
Over 15 months , the cameras made a total of about 11,000 frames .
It all would have worked fine except for mechanical problems with one of the cameras .
Nikon F3s are not frame - accurate because they do n’t have a pin-register mechanism .
The relationship between the image and the sprocket holes varied considerably during the project .
Sometimes one camera skipped a sprocket while advancing the film , which was fatal to the film from that camera .
Converting the film frames to video requires a device called a telecine machine , and these devices presume frame - accuracy .
The inconsistent feed was beyond the range of correction possible on the telecine machine .
The film exposed by the second camera worked quite well .
Why did n’t I fix the problem ?
It took five months to accumulate enough processed film to make a test of the telecine conversion ( a pricey $ 300 per hour ) .
By the time I could see the extent of the problem , I was five months into a 15 - month project .
Any change or movement at that point would have made a visible difference in the film , so I stayed with the status quo .
I thought I would be able to solve the problem with a little ingenuity .
That ingenuity took the form of a digital copy stand , which I still use today .
It comprises two 35 mm film rewinds , a Nikon D1 digital camera , a 55 mm macro lens , and a Nikon film transport and diffuser .
I run the film , which is held in place by two spring - steel tensioners , through the transport mechanism by hand .
Several things never moved during the 15 months , so I can look through the viewfinder to position the film and shoot a copy of each frame .
Later , I convert the frames from negative to positive , make color corrections , and batch process them for the time - lapse video .
At my current rate of copying , I estimate I ’ll finish in 2016 !
But the results are quite good , as you can see .
Raising the Roofs
Despite the technical problems I had with the GlobalFlyer shoot , I was hooked .
I started looking for opportunities to make more time - lapse photography , this time with more stable and frame - accurate digital cameras .
My next assignment was to document the construction of a barn and house over a period of years .
I built a weatherproof box for the new digital time - lapse camera and mounted the box on top of a telephone pole on the property in view of the construction sites ( Figure 4 ) .
To power the camera and its intervalometer , I employed two 12 - volt motorcycle batteries .
I installed a solar panel on top of the camera box to keep the batteries charged .
Figure 4 .
The camera in its weatherproof box sits atop a telephone pole .
With its 19 mm equivalent lens , the camera has a wide view of the construction site .
The solar panel on the top of the box charges the batteries .
The camera in its weatherproof box sits atop a telephone pole .
With its 19 mm equivalent lens , the camera has a wide view of the construction site .
The solar panel on the top of the box charges the batteries .
The intervalometer , Harbortronics Digisnap , is wired via USB cable to control the Nikon Coolpix 5400 digital camera ( Figure 5 ) .
Digital video ( DV ) standard frames are 720 x 480 pixels , so even the modest Coolpix 5400 can record images of adequate resolution for time - lapse .
Figure 5 . The Nikon Coolpix 5400 on its bracket .
The slotted bars let me position the camera vertically once it was inside the weatherproof box .
Lock - nuts ensure it does n’t move once it ’s in position .
The Nikon Coolpix 5400 on its bracket .
The slotted bars let me position the camera vertically once it was inside the weatherproof box .
Lock - nuts ensure it does n’t move once it ’s in position .
The DigiSnap ( Figure 6 ) is a delightful piece of technology , hampered only by its reliance on conventional serial communications for programming .
I find serial communication to be a black art that requires a fair amount of experimentation .
I succeeded with a freeware terminal emulation program called ZTerm , a Keyspan USB - to - serial adapter , and a cable that came with the unit .
Figure 6 . The Digisnap electronic camera controller is fully programmable and can control accessories , such as external lighting , in addition to the camera .
The Digisnap electronic camera controller is fully programmable and can control accessories , such as external lighting , in addition to the camera .
The camera is programmed to take one frame every 12 minutes during work hours , and it ’s recorded over 50,000 frames so far .
The barn is now complete , but the house has about a year to go .
When I ’m finished , I ’ll have a magnum opus of time - lapse imagery .
I use a 512MB Compact Flash card , which holds two weeks of images .
I change the card every other Saturday .
The camera box needs occasional cleaning because spiders spin webs around the lens .
( One spider makes a four - day appearance in my video ! )
When I collect the memory card , I download the images to a folder on my disk drive , creating thumbnail images simultaneously using the Macintosh application ImageCapture .
After transferring the images , I weed out obviously underexposed images — the camera records a few frames in darkness each day .
The images are JPEGs , each 1024 x 768 pixels in size .
The camera numbers the frames automatically , so they ’re always in a four - digit sequence .
I sort the photos into folders by month , then I use Adobe Bridge to renumber them with the month name and a five - digit sequence number .
( For more on my workflow , see “ Find Your Photos Fast . ” )
From Still to Motion
Combining a series of still images into a movie is the simplest part of the process .
I use Apple ’s QuickTime Pro ( $ 29 for Mac or Windows ) .
It can assemble a movie from a folder of images ( Figure 7 ) , set the frame rate to a speed of your choice , and then create a QuickTime movie in a few moments .
It ’s that easy .
Figure 7 . QuickTime
Pro combines sequences of images into complete videos .
Simply direct the application to a folder of sequentially numbered images , and it does the rest .
QuickTime Pro combines sequences of images into complete videos .
Simply direct the application to a folder of sequentially numbered images , and it does the rest .
When the house is finished next year , I ’ll assemble the frames ( more than 100,000 images by then ) into a complete time - lapse story of the construction .
I ’ll probably discard the stunningly boring sections — whole months where nothing happens .
I ’ll choose the playback rate then to correspond with the apparent speed of the video .
Demolition Derby
For another project , I made a time - lapse video of the demolition of my friend Chris ’s house .
He had built a new house in front of the old house , and the time came to demolish the old .
I placed my Canon digital camera on the balcony of the adjacent house , installed a time - lapse timer ( Canon Timer Remote Controller TC - 80N3 ) , and shot for three days as Chris and a group of his friends dismantled the house ( Figure 8 ) .
My frame rate was set by the capacity of my memory card : 4GB , which stores more than 900 frames at the JPEG quality I selected .
I divided eight hours into 900 and came up with 25 seconds per frame .
Figure 8 . Chris ’s residence is demolished in my time - lapse QuickTime video .
Chris ’s residence is demolished in my time - lapse QuickTime video .
I clamped and taped a tripod to the balcony so it would n’t move , and I put the camera on the tripod each morning .
Then I left it to snap a frame every 25 seconds until I retrieved it each evening .
I copied the frames to my computer and went back the next day to start again .
When finished , I had 2,700 frames and an amusing short video of the destruction of the old house that ’s also a visual event impossible to enjoy in real time , unless you want to camp out on a construction site for three days .
Opus 129
This summer , my local performing arts center got a new C.B.
Fisk pipe organ with 2,768 pipes ( Figure 9 ) .
This colossal instrument , named Opus 129 , was erected in about eight weeks .
My friend Bert and I put two time - lapse cameras in the hall to photograph the installation .
We chose an exposure interval of approximately two minutes .
Figure 9 .
The beautiful pipes of the C.B. Fisk Opus 129 organ at the Performing Arts Center at Cal Poly State University , San Luis Obispo .
My time - lapse camera recorded just under 10,000 frames during its construction , culminating in a ten - minute time - lapse video .
The beautiful pipes of the C.B. Fisk Opus 129 organ at the Performing Arts Center at Cal Poly State University , San Luis Obispo .
My time - lapse camera recorded just under 10,000 frames during its construction , culminating in a ten - minute time - lapse video .
For this project , I used the Harbortronics DigiSnap , the Nikon Coolpix 5400 , and a single motorcycle battery backed - up by a trickle - charger connected to 110V power .
I mounted the camera on a very sturdy video tripod and weighted that down with three sacks of lead shot to keep it from moving during its 56 - day assignment .
I placed the camera in Row C , Seat 17 in the hall ( Figure 10 ) .
Figure 10 .
The time - lapse camera in the hall of the Performing Arts Center .
The time - lapse camera in the hall of the Performing Arts Center .
The DigiSnap was connected to the Coolpix camera by a USB cable , and it received its time of day from the camera .
I programmed the device with start time , interval , and count of photos to take ( as opposed to stop - time ) .
For the organ project , I programmed the Digisnap to take a photo every 2:18 in a series of eight 90 - minute programs so that I could interrupt the operation of the camera if necessary without losing much .
Digisnap ca n’t begin in the middle of a program ; on this schedule ( Figure 11 ) , the most I would miss was 87 minutes of action .
Figure 11 .
My eight camera programs each ran for 90 minutes and made 34 photos .
If the camera was interrupted , it started again no more than 90 minutes later .
Click on this image for a larger version .
My eight camera programs each ran for 90 minutes and made 34 photos .
If the camera was interrupted , it started again no more than 90 minutes later .
Click on this image for a larger version .
Every three days , I changed the 1GB memory card and transfered its 340 frames to my computer .
Every few days , I posted that video to my Web site so anyone could view the organ ’s progress .
To watch the final movie , go to http://www.lawlervideos.com/Video/Organ_1.mov.
Digital vs. Film
My digital time - lapse efforts are so superior to my film experience that it ’s hard to say it more emphatically : I will never use film again .
Ever !
The digital process is more accurate , and it results in better exposures and better color .
The detail is much better .
There is no grain .
ISO speed is not a big issue , and the files are easier to manage .
It ’s a heck of a lot less expensive , too !
Anyone Can Do It
If your curiosity has been piqued , try your hand at time - lapse photography .
All it takes is a digital camera ( consumer cameras work fine ) and a method for exposing a frame on an interval .
The Canon Powershot line of consumer cameras , among others , has a built - in interval timer controlled from the camera ’s menus .
With that ability , you do n’t need anything else except a tripod to take a series of time - lapse photos .
Then assemble the frames into a movie using QuickTime Pro or the equivalent .
One note of caution : Beware of battery failure !
A consumer camera will run for just a few hours on a standard battery .
An external power supply is a necessary investment .
Motorcycle batteries , for example , run a camera for several days without failing .
With the right vantage point , a time - lapse camera system , and enough storage , you too can make time fly with professional - looking results .
Tags
Rails : Performance Tuning Workflow
Note : Even if you 're familiar with benchmarking and profiling , take a look at the profiling section of this post .
There 's a nice helper method and an interesting real world example .
Improving the runtime for a page from 0.75 to 0.25 seconds may not make much of a difference to the end user 's experience .
But it triples the number of requests that your app servers can handle .
This post covers improving performance at this level .
Before you get here , you need to have your database well tuned with proper indexes , etc .
Going through this workflow will make your website a little snappier and increase your overall capacity .
I recently went through this process with CarePages , and we were able to make significant performance improvements in one afternoon .
CPU Time is Precious
The first performance bottleneck for a web app is always external resources .
Most web apps use a database , so that 's the common resource that can slow down your web app .
But let 's say your database is well indexed and handling the load of the web app fine .
Also , let 's assume that you do n't have any other slow external resources like webservices that you call .
The next bottleneck is usually the CPU if you have your own servers .
If your website is running on a small slice or on shared hosting , you might hit memory limits before you max out the CPU .
Consider a box with 8 CPU cores and 4 GB of memory .
8 Rails processes with no slow external resources could likely max out 8 CPU cores .
But for the example let 's say it takes 16 Rails processes under full utilization to max out the CPU .
Even if each Rails instance is using 150 MB of memory , that 's only 2.4 GB of memory .
So if CPU time is your precious resource , you need to know how you 're spending it .
It helps if you have some custom logging in place , but essentially the information that you need is which page is taking up the most CPU time .
It might not be your slowest page .
You need to multiply the mean runtime for a page by the number of times it 's hit .
So if one page averages 0.2 seconds runtime , but it gets hit 20 times more frequently than a page that takes 1 second , you 're spending four times as much time processing the 0.2 second page .
Note that when I 'm referring to a page , I mean the controller and action .
For example , I 'm not considering / people / 1 and / people / 3 separate pages - they 're both the people / show page .
At CarePages we have an Apache log that logs the controller , action , and Rails runtime .
We run a script that groups the runtimes by controller and action , and then calculates the total runtime for a controller / action divided by the total runtime for all requests .
What we found the first time we did this was that one of our pages was taking nearly 40 % of the overall CPU time .
It was n't the slowest page , but it was the most frequently hit page .
We had two other pages that were taking about 19 % and 13 % of the overall CPU time .
This gave us a good place to start - if we could make the 40 % page twice as fast , we would lower our overall CPU usage by 20 % .
If you go through this process and find a relatively even distribution of CPU time across pages , you should look for ways to improve performance across the board rather than focusing on improving the performance of a few individual pages .
Benchmarking
So now that you have a page to work on , it 's time to benchmark .
There are tools for Benchmarking in the form of Rails tests , and Rails 2.1 and 2.2 will have more of these tools , but I find that it 's easiest to benchmark by hitting a web server .
A QA environment is usually perfect for this as it will have hardware that is comparable to the hardware being used in production .
The goal of benchmarking to produce a baseline .
We need to be able to make changes and know if those changes make things better , worse , or have no effect .
I usually use curl or apache bench for benchmarking .
With either tool , you need to log in to your web app , navigate to the page you want to benchmark , and then grab the session cookie .
Firefox 's web developer toolbar provides a nice view of the cookies .
Once you have the cookie , hit the page using curl a few times and grep for the X - Runtime response header .
I 'm going to go through these steps myself right now so I can provide a real world example and get some work done while blogging .
Replace the cookie and URLs that I 'm using with URLs for your app .
curl -- silent -- head \ -- cookie " _carepages_session=eb52948f037bda387dfa9d83b6bad62986a624cf " \ http://undisclosed.carepages.com/forums/cancer | grep X - Runtime
Throw it in a bash while loop to hit the page a few times .
while true ; do curl -- silent -- head \ -- cookie " _carepages_session=eb52948f037bda387dfa9d83b6bad62986a624cf " \ http://undisclosed.carepages.com/forums/cancer | grep X - Runtime ; done
You should get a list of runtimes .
X - Runtime : 0.32921 X- Runtime : 0.33260 X- Runtime : 0.33032 X - Runtime : 0.33234 X- Runtime : 0.33143 X- Runtime : 0.33070 X- Runtime : 0.33100 X - Runtime : 0.32865 X- Runtime : 0.33608
You can also use apache bench , which will calculate the mean response time per request .
ab -c 1 -n 20 \ -C " _carepages_session=eb52948f037bda387dfa9d83b6bad62986a624cf " \ http://undisclosed.carepages.com/forums/cancer
That command will make 20 requests , 1 at a time .
Look for the time per request in the output .
It should be fairly close to the X - Runtime values .
... Time per request : 336.413 [ ms ] ( mean ) ...
Hopefully you get fairly consistent response times .
If not , you 'll need to keep the inconsistency in mind while making changes .
Now you have a baseline .
In my output , I 'm hitting the / forums / cancer page for CarePages .
It consistently takes around 0.33 seconds to process .
Profiling
The next question is why is this page taking X seconds to process ?
You need to profile the code to find out where you 're spending those CPU cycles .
To do this you 'll need to install the ruby - prof gem .
It 's easiest to start by profiling the entire processing for a request , and then making it more focused only if necessary .
I use an around_filter in my ApplicationController to make profiling easier .
require " ruby - prof " class ApplicationController < ActionController ::
Base around_filter : profile def profile return yield if params [ : profile ]. nil ?
result = RubyProf .
profile { yield } printer = RubyProf :: GraphPrinter . new ( result ) out = StringIO .
new printer .
print ( out , 0 ) response .
body .
replace out .
string response .
content_type = " text / plain " end end
This allows you to profile a request by tacking ?
profile=true on to the end of a URL .
The response will then contain the profiling results instead of the normal response body .
You may want to add a line of code so that this is only available in non-production environments .
You also could update this code to embed the profiling in the response body rather than replacing the entire body with it .
I 'm going to use this to profile the cancer forum page that I benchmarked by opening http://undisclosed.carepages.com/forums/cancer?profile=true in my browser .
If you do the same for your web app , you should get the profiling results back in plain text call graph form .
Here 's a snippet of output from the profiling that I just did that looks quite suspicious .
( I removed a few columns to make the output narrower ) .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.55 96/96 Rsm::SeoUrls :: InstanceMethods#to_param 65.48 % 0.00 % 0.55 96 Rsm:: SeoUrls :: InstanceMethods#seo_urls_permalink 0.00 96/281 String#tr 0.00 96/408 String #downcase 0.55 192/192 ActiveRecord :: Base #attributes 0.00 96/283 String #+ 0.00 96/1914 String#strip 0.00 192/12138 Hash # [ ]
0.00 96/2035 String#gsub 0.00 96/10887 Kernel#nil ?
0.00 96/7006 String#to_s 0.00 96/96 String #squeeze 0.00 192/192 Topic#attribute_for_url
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The percentage in the left column is the percent of the total processing time that a certain method took .
You want to look for anything that jumps out as taking longer than you think it should .
This chunk of profiling means that 65.48 % of the time spent processing / forums / cancer was inside the Rsm:: SeoUrls : : InstanceMethods #seo_urls_permalink method .
Spending more than half of the processing time generating permalinks is way too long .
Let 's take a look at the seo_urls_permalink method from the seo_urls plugin .
def seo_urls_permalink if !
self .
attributes [ attribute_for_url ] begin string = self .
title rescue begin string = self .
name rescue raise ( " No attribute was specified for seo_urls to use and ' name ' and ' title ' were n't available " ) end end else string = self .
attributes [ attribute_for_url ] end if string .
nil ?
return " " else t = " - " + ( string .
to_s .
downcase .
strip .
gsub ( / [ ^ - _ \s [ : alnum : ] ] / , ' ' ) . squeeze ( ' ' ) . tr (' ' , ' - ' ) ) end end
There are definitely a few inefficiencies here .
The first is the multiple rescues .
They 're pointless - Ruby 's respond_to ?
method should be used instead .
The other inefficiency is the call to attributes .
We only need to access one attribute , but we 're accessing the entire hash .
This would n't be a problem , except that Rails does typecasting when accessing the attributes .
In particular the time zone conversion on time columns is a little slow .
Let 's rewrite this method .
def seo_urls_permalink attr = attribute_for_url attr = : title if attr .
nil ? && respond_to ? ( : title ) attr = : name if attr .
nil ? && respond_to ? ( : name ) unless attr raise ( " No attribute was specified for seo_urls to use and ' name ' and ' title ' were n't available " ) end string = send ( attr ) return " " if string . nil ? " - " +( string .
to_s .
downcase .
strip .
gsub ( / [ ^ - _ \s [ : alnum : ] ] / , ' ' ) . squeeze ( ' ' ) . tr (' ' , ' - ' ) )
end
I ran the tests for the seo_urls plugin , and they passed .
It 's time to find out if this change makes a difference by running the benchmarks again .
while true ; do curl -- silent -- head \ -- cookie " _carepages_session=eb52948f037bda387dfa9d83b6bad62986a624cf " \ http://undisclosed.carepages.com/forums/cancer | grep X - Runtime ; done
X- Runtime : 0.07943 X- Runtime : 0.16852 X- Runtime : 0.07982 X- Runtime : 0.16367 X- Runtime : 0.07924 X- Runtime : 0.16349 X- Runtime : 0.07905 X - Runtime : 0.16404 X- Runtime : 0.07916 X- Runtime : 0.16441 X- Runtime : 0.07875
Awesome .
The processing time is now half of what is was before .
I 'll submit a patch for the seo_urls plugin .
Interestingly , some response times are quite a bit faster than others .
I may be hitting the point where garbage collection is kicking in more during some requests than during others .
Here 's the new profiling for my / forums / cancer page , looking at the seo_urls_permalink method .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.01 96/96 Rsm::SeoUrls :: InstanceMethods#to_param 4.76 % 0.00 % 0.01 96 Rsm:: SeoUrls :: InstanceMethods#seo_urls_permalink 0.00 58/333 Kernel#send -3 0.00 96/2207 String#to_s 0.00 96/96 String #squeeze 0.01 10/13 Kernel#send -5 0.00 96/282 String#tr 0.00 96/217 String #downcase 0.00 96/283 String #+ 0.00 96/186 String #strip 0.00 96/2041 String#gsub 0.00 96/1766 Kernel#nil ?
0.00 192/192 ActiveRecord :: AttributeMethods#respond_to?
0.00 28/578 Kernel#send-2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I 'm now spending 4.76 % of the total processing time in seo_urls_permalink , compared to 65.48 % before .
Repeat
Continue repeating this process until the processing time distribution per controller and action is mostly even .
At that point , it 's time to look to improve the performance of the pages with the slowest mean processing time .
Or you could look for ways to improve the performance of every page .
Do n't get too caught up on the distribution though .
If you have a page that takes 20 % of the overall processing for your site , but you do n't see any easy wins , take a look at the next page .
Doubling the speed of page that takes 10 % of the overall time will still increase capacity by 5 % .
Cameron Peak
Fire burns more homes , structures
The fire west of Fort Collins has damaged 93 structures , including 31 homes .
The fire is at 124,026 acres with 21 % containment .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
As the Mayor of San Jose showed us , cities are becoming very eager to implement green practices , and they can act as the first line of defense for fighting climate change .
So , what are the greenest cities over all ?
According to researchers at SustainLane this morning , Portland , Ore. , is the tops , followed by San Francisco , Seattle , Chicago and New York ( check out their complete list of the 50 greenest cities ) .
SustainLane says the criteria includes issues such as air quality , clean energy , how residents commute to work , LEED buildings and green businesses .
Portland has been working on a green vision since Oregon adopted a sweeping progressive land - use policy ( PDF ) in the early ’ 70s and is still working on getting all car trips — commute , home - to - store — to under 20 minutes , says SustainLane .
The city ’s focus on transit - oriented development , regional development , non-pipe stormwater management , successful redevelopment of the Pearl District , Recycle At Work program and Bicycle Master Plan are among the initiatives that have earned the city it ’s green cred , and likely played a role in earning the SustainLane ’s kudos .
The list is relatively unchanged since previous years , where Portland remained No. 1 and San Francisco , Seattle and Chicago filled in the rest of the top four stops .
San Jose Mayor Reed can be happy to note that the city went up two in the rankings to 21 , and New York , Boston and Minneapolis all moved up too .
Oakland dropped several rankings , as did San Diego and Colorado Springs .
Sept. 12 , 2008  -- Gov. Sarah Palin says Sen. Barack Obama just might regret not picking Sen. Hillary Clinton as his vice presidential running mate .
" I think he 's regretting not picking her now , I do .
What , what determination , and grit , and even grace through some tough shots that were fired her way -- she handled those well , " the Alaska governor told Charles Gibson in her third and final exclusive interview with ABC News .
Read the full excerpts from all three of Charlie Gibson 's exclusive interviews with Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin by clicking here .
Palin , 44 , took the mantle of the campaign 's only female contender after Obama defeated Clinton for their party 's nomination and picked Sen.
Joe Biden , D - Del. , as his Democratic running mate over Clinton and others .
Palin has praised Clinton on the campaign trail , and when she was first introduced as Sen.
John McCain 's running mate last month in Ohio .
" The women of America are n't finished yet , and we can shatter that glass ceiling once and for all , " Palin said as she accepted McCain 's invitation to join the 2008 Republican ticket , referring to a line made famous in Clinton 's concession to Obama .
Palin also cited the performance of Rep. Geraldine Ferraro , a Democrat who ran as Walter Mondale 's vice presidential running mate .
In her June speech ending her historic campaign , Clinton invoked the suffragists who fought for women 's right to vote and civil rights leaders who fought on behalf of equal rights for African - Americans as she insisted , " The path will be a little easier next time ... that has always been the history of progress .
" Although we were n't able to shatter that highest , hardest glass ceiling , thanks to you it 's got about 18 million cracks in it and the light is shining through like never before , " she said .
Clinton has been reluctant to criticize Palin on the campaign trail so far .
" We should all be proud of Gov. Sarah Palin 's historic nomination , and I congratulate her and Sen. McCain .
While their policies would take America in the wrong direction , Gov. Palin will add an important new voice to the debate , " said Clinton in a written statement as Palin took the national stage .
Palin Emphasizes Blue Collar Roots , Conservative Credentials
In her debut on the party 's ticket , Palin emphasized her blue collar roots , describing herself as " just your average hockey mom in Alaska " and her husband as a member of a steelworkers union .
And some female supporters of Hillary Clinton have been slow to accept Obama as the Democratic nominee .
Though many liberal women say they would not vote for Palin , whose positions on issues such as abortion rights and stem cell research contrast sharply with those of Clinton , the McCain - Palin ticket has pulled into a dead heat with Obama - Biden in recent national polls .
Some of McCain 's biggest gains in the most recent ABC News / Washington Post poll are among white women , a group to which Palin has notable appeal : Sixty - seven percent view her favorably , and 58 percent say her selection makes them more confident in McCain 's decision - making .
Among those with children , Palin does better yet .
And enthusiasm for McCain among his female supporters has soared .
White women have moved from 50 - 42 percent in Obama 's favor before the conventions to 53 - 41 percent for McCain now , a 20 - point shift that 's one of the single biggest post - convention changes in voter preferences .
In light of such success , Palin 's nod to Clinton may not be entirely unexpected
Follownig ABC News ' interview with Palin , Obama campaign surrogates were quick to respond .
" Sarah Palin should spare us the phony sentiment and respect .
Governor Palin accused Senator Clinton of whining and John McCain laughed when a questioner referred to her by using a demeaning expletive .
John McCain and Sarah Palin represent no meaningful change , just the same failed policies and same divisive , demeaning politics that has devastated the middle class , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D - Fla .
On Monday morning , as the nation was waking up to the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the buyout of Merrill Lynch , John McCain continued his steady migration into obliviousness , declaring that " the fundamentals of our economy are strong . "
Obama 's campaign rightly plasters him for it :
" Today of all days , John McCain 's stubborn insistence that the ' fundamentals of the economy are strong ' shows that he is disturbingly out of touch with what 's going in the lives of ordinary Americans .
Even as his own ads try to convince him that the economy is in crisis , apparently his 26 years in Washington have left him incapable of understanding that the policies he supports have created an historic economic crisis , " said Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton .
By the afternoon , McCain has realized his goof , and needs a way out .
His response ?
Oh , he meant workers .
So Obama is attacking American workers !
The Arizonan pushes back against Democratic criticism for his saying in Jacksonville that the " fundamentals of the economy are strong , " suggests he was referring to American workers .
Says during a town hall in Orlando that the working class is the backbone of the U.S. economy , and their industry , skill and competitiveness can help keep the economy afloat .
" My opponents may disagree , but those fundamentals of America are strong ....
Our workers have always been the strength of our economy , and they remain the strength of our economy today . "
Yep , " fundamentals " and " the working class " are pretty much interchangeable references .
I can see why everyone else on the planet ( aside from McCain ) is confused .
I think at this point we 're all pretty tired of this supposed maverick hiding behind everyone else 's skirts .
Ca n't criticize him , or you 're criticizing POWs .
Ca n't criticize Palin , or you 're sexist .
Ca n't criticize the war , because that makes the soldiers feel sad .
Ca n't criticize the crappy economy , because that 's attacking workers .
That 's the McCain way -- and yet another thing he seems to have learned from the masters , the Bush administration , which piped up with similar crap to justify every one of their policy actions of the last eight years .
So according to McCain , everything 's fine , and if you think otherwise you 're attacking Americans .
What a charmer -- you can really see why the press fell for him , those many months ago .
DIGG THIS
What is the difference between the two Georgias ?
In 1861 Georgia seceded from a union and after four years of bloodshed was forcibly pulled back into the union .
It suffered almost 100 years of poverty as punishment .
In 1992 the other Georgia seceded from a union and got away with it , but 2 little counties ( provinces ) seceded from Georgia .
The counties were given passports and a militia was armed and trained by their big friends to the north ( 2nd amendment anyone ? ) .
After 17 years the governor ( President ) of Georgia decided to go and make them come back home .
He invaded the breakaway redneck counties ( provinces ) with his new highly trained and equipped army uniformed in US Marine camouflage with desert boots , all of whom were combat vets (? ) from Iraq .
His rough and tough army rocketed and mortared the county seat ( Provincial Capital ) and killed hundreds of old people who were unable to run to the safety of their cousins to the north .
His little army met a bunch of 15 to 50 year old militia men who stopped them cold !
Then the big ol ' bad guys from the north came in and kicked him back out of the little redneck county ( province ) .
The governor whined and screamed to the US who whined and screamed to NATO who whined and screamed to the UN who did nothing .
The good old boys from Georgia ran so fast the hounds could n't catch 'em and left their big guns and rockets behind .
They then complained that the bad bullies from the north were too big for them ( What about them picking on the little county militia ? ) .
The big bad guys now say they had an election and the county rednecks voted to join them .
So what is the difference between the two Georgias ?
Nothing !
When a group of people who speak a different language , have a different religion or just hate the other fellow why not just let them leave ?
Outside military support usually means the difference between breaking away or not .
There are false ( Made up ) countries all over the world with two or more groups who detest each other .
Where are they ?
All countries in Africa have colonial borders across tribal lines , any wars there lately ?
Afghanistan 's borders were drawn to split the Pashtun tribe , any problems there ?
Belgium was created to give a stupid prince a kingdom after the Napoleon lost at Waterloo , it has two different languages and the productive Flemish are tired of paying for the lazy French speakers , a split is coming soon .
Great Britain has three groups left after the Irish got away , the Scotch , the Welsh , and the English some of whom really do n't care for each other .
The Scotch are close to voting for freedom .
Yugoslavia has three revolts and all three are now independent .
The province of Kosovo is not a different country , Albanian wetbacks slipped in and when Serbia tried to kick the Albanians and their drug running bosses out , NATO whined to the US to bomb the Serbians civilians back to the Iron Age .
Did the warplanes even hit a military target besides a train full of women and children ?
India was a bunch of little separate kingdoms until the Brits put them together and when they left in 1947 hell broke loose as all the religions tried to kill each other so it was split into three countries who still hate each other .
The US has some big problems ; look at the red and blue states and you 'll see where they are and how different the people are .
The elected officials from the red states are detested by the many of the blue states and I guarantee the many in the red states hate the blue state 's elected .
Why not let the US divide like Czechoslovakia , the only country to divide without a civil war .
The Czech Republic and Slovakia are now friends and trading partners .
Will we see more rebellions and revolts in the near future , yes and almost all will be accompanied by war until we let everyone go their own way .
September 1 , 2008
“ The rubber band eventually snapped , \ " said Ralph Nader of the recent investment bank troubles .
Nader on bank woes : ' I predicted this '
As banks reeled and presidential campaigns scrambled to react to the crisis on Wall Street Monday , color one man unsurprised .
“ I predicted this , ” said Ralph Nader , the independent presidential candidate .
“ All this I ’ve written about five , 10 years ago . ”
Advertisement
In a meeting with Politico reporters and editors , Nader laid the blame for the current economic upheaval squarely at the feet of corporate America .
“ Pure greed , coupled with concentrated power on Wall Street and elsewhere ” brought about the crisis , Nader said .
Though Nader would not comment specifically on the news of the Lehman Bros. decision to declare bankruptcy —
“ I just heard about it this morning , ” he explained — he argued that banks and other corporations had engaged in “ a massive , imprudent acceptance and transfer of risk . ”
Nader , who made his reputation as a consumer advocate , concluded : “ The rubber band eventually snapped . ”
It was n’t just banks that Nader criticized .
In a letter to congressional leaders , Nader also attacked the idea of a government loan to major automakers , alleging that Congress was rushing to pass “ panic legislation without due deliberations , without even having public congressional hearings . ”
As Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain attempt to present themselves as plausible economic stewards , Nader told Politico both major party candidates fall short of addressing the root causes of the latest bank failures .
According to Nader , Obama and McCain are too worried about containing fallout to take on the banks ’ irresponsible behavior .
“ Look at how they are knee - jerking similar approaches , ” Nader said , chiding the Democratic and Republican presidential nominees for their support , earlier this year , for bailing out Bear Stearns .
“ McCain , Obama : Rubber stamp .
No detail .
We will go along with the bill . ”
“ They ’re twins , ” Nader continued .
“ If you look at their economic policies , other than taxes and so on … they ’ll curtsy to the , quote , prestige of the Treasury . ”
Though Nader attacked both major political parties — alleging that their platforms showed ideological “ convergence ” — he suggested the GOP is in a particularly tenuous position as it responds to continuing economic turbulence .
“ The Republicans are going through ideological schizophrenia , ” he said , noting that many conservatives continue to support government - backed bank bailouts even though “ they ’re supposed to be capitalists . ”
Nader , 74 , is in the midst of his fourth bid for the White House ; he ran in 1996 and every election cycle since then .
As in his previous campaigns , he has struggled to gain traction with the electorate and has expressed frustration at limited media attention to his campaign .
“ Our main problem is the uniquely pronounced blackout by national TV , ” Nader said , adding that television networks had devoted 10 seconds of news coverage to his campaign .
“ This is not journalistically sustainable . ”
Nader recounted a recent meeting with editors at The Washington Post , who he said told him the paper was n’t covering his campaign because he had no chance of winning .
According to Nader , he replied : “ Then why are you covering the Nationals ? ” a reference to Washington ’s long - suffering baseball team .
Along with his running mate , former San Francisco supervisor Matt Gonzales , Nader held rallies in Denver and St. Paul , Minn. , during the major party conventions that failed to generate media interest .
More recently , he held a news conference with Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , the former GOP presidential candidate , and several other independent candidates to urge voters to consider third - party options .
The event attracted some attention , but not enough to ease Nader ’s anger at the news media .
“ The press is bad ” , “ I ’m not here to make the press / pundits happy , I ’m here for the people ” .
Paraphrasing Palin ’s comments in my mind from tonight ’s Republican National Convention , I quickly began to realize I have heard all of this before again , and again , and AGAIN !
The lightweight Republican Vice Presidential candidate tried to make the case that she and McCain are the real agents of change while recycling the same inane rhetoric conservatives have spouted since Reagan ’s 1980 Presidential campaign .
It ’s even more ironic and pathetic when you consider that Reagan ’s attempt at populism was itself an obvious rip - off from the movie Mr. Smith goes to Washington .
When she was n’t regurgitating old Republican talking points , Palin was attacking Obama ’s job as not offering enough experience .
Not the one he has now and has had for four years , of US Senator from Illinois .
Not the one he had before that for four years , State Senator in the Illinois legislature .
She was attacking the job Obama had ten years ago as not giving him enough experience and contrasting that with the one she had a year and a half ago , Mayor of a city with around 6000 people .
I ’m wondering why Palin stopped there ?
If you are going to be intellectually dishonest and pick on the job someone had ten years ago as an example of their not having enough experience , why did n’t Palin just say , “ And Obama ’s Preschool when he was three years old did n’t offer him enough experience to run for President ” .
Palin delivered the lines against Obama like a comedian that specializes in nasty sarcasm , like a kind of right - wing female version of David Spade .
“ Obama ’s Pre-school , look into it ” .
In fact , I wondered if Palin was trying to convince people she would be a good Vice President , or auditioning for the open position at Saturday Night Live .
She did n’t sound like a Statesperson .
She did n’t sound like someone we would want representing us on the world stage .
There is nothing wrong with David Spade ’s brand of humor and those who like it , it just does n’t work for the potential leader of the free world .
Did Palin address any of the concerns we had about her being up to the job of taking over for John McCain if he was unable to live out his term should he be elected ?
Not in the least .
We know she knows how to take swipes at the fact that Obama was a one time community organizer ten years ago , that ’s about it .
Did Palin address any of the ethics concerns we had about her ?
She did n’t even try .
She obviously did n’t mention that she has a new ethics issue just today as the Alaska State Troopers Union has filed an ethics complaint against her http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D97irw24gzg .
Not only is Palin the least qualified candidate either party has put on a National ticket in modern times , she has the most ethics and abuse of power concerns of a national candidate before taking office in history .
Note to Palin , usually , Presidents and Vice Presidents are in office a few months before committing crimes and abusing their power .
The fact that Palin has these issues going in is a serious red flag that we the American people ignore at our peril .
Where are we left with Palin ?
If someone writes a speech , she can read it from a teleprompter .
I guess we are supposed to be surprised by that .
I disagree with some of the pundits who said they thought it was a good speech .
I have different expectations for what the potential leader of the free world and the world ’s democracies should sound like .
When you compare Palin and her speech with leaders like Franklin Delano Roosevelt , Kennedy , Lincoln here in the US , or even former and current leaders from abroad like Margaret Thatcher , Winston Churchill , Tony Blair , Jacques Chirac , there is not even a remote resemblance .
Palin remains the pretender to the throne she was three weeks ago when no one had heard of her .
When Father Antonio Rungi from Mondragone , Italy ( that 's him in the photo ) announced his intention to hold an online beauty contest for nuns , it seemed quite reasonable .
" Nuns are -- above all - women , and beauty is a gift from God , " he explained .
Sadly , not all members of the clergy are so enlightened , and almost as soon as his plans were revealed to the world the Church rammed them back into the closet .
( Rungi quickly canceled the competition , describing his superiors as " not happy . " )
Still , a good idea is a good idea , so in the spirit of keeping Father Rungi 's dream alive here are the five hottest nuns of all time .
David Kadlubowski/ The Arizona Republic
# 5. Christa Parra
The Phoenix Fox
Despite being voted " Most Likely to Become a Nun " at Alhambra High School , Parra seemed an unlikely choice to receive the calling ( she was a cheerleader with a boyfriend , which the Vatican tends to frown upon ) , so when she did join the Loreto sisters , it warranted a story in The Arizona Republic , then additional pieces in other area publications .
The Phoenix New Times quickly sensed a story in these other stories , noticing that the articles tended to snub other , less physically attractive women just taking their vows and declaring it was " obvious the real hook of the story is this : Parra 's a hottie . "
Hey , it 's about time someone stood up to the Catholic Sun and their relentless sensationalism .
# 4 . Sister Mary Benedict ( Ingrid Bergman )
Nun on the Run
With The Bells of St. Mary's , Ingrid Bergman received her third Best Actress Academy Award nomination ( she 'd already won her first of three Oscars for Gaslight and established herself as one of the screen 's legendary sirens with her role opposite Bogie in Casablanca ) .
The tale of a nun and a priest ( portrayed by Bing Crosby ) trying to save a school was hardly pitched at the devout believers , as posters for the movie made a point of showing the pair in street clothes .
Nevertheless , playing a nun did make Bergman seem a wholesome figure , which made the public outcry all the greater when the married mother became pregnant with also married Italian director Roberto Rossellini 's child in 1949 , leading U.S. Senator Edwin C. Johnson 's memorable denunciation of the couple ( he referred to Rossellini as a " love pirate " ) .
Bergman left the country and would n't return to American good graces until 1957 , when she won her second Oscar for Anastasia .
# 3. Maya Takigawa ( Yumi Takigawa )
Kinky Convents
The 1970s saw a lot of interesting cinematic trends ( it was both the arguable Golden Age of Hollywood and the undeniable highpoint for porn ) , but none can compare with nunsploitation .
Consisting of films that allegedly showed the " true " inner workings of convent life ( which inevitably involved rampant soft - core girl - on - girl action ) , it experienced its greatest popularity in Europe -- but Japan created its masterpiece .
Superbly directed by Norifumi Suzuki and featuring color designs Douglas Sirk would have applauded , 1974's School of the Holy Beast tells the story of Maya , an adorable young woman who joins a convent to learn the truth behind her mother 's suspicious death -- and , during the learning process , undergoes erotic indignities that include being bound with thorns and whipped with rose bush branches while topless -- in a film that is truly bizarre , even by Japanese standards .
# 2. Mother Teresa
Calcutta Cutie ?
Granted , looks are n't the first thing people think of when it comes to Mother Teresa ( there 's a tendency to focus on the nearly 70 years she spent ministering to the destitute ) , but photos prove in her youth she was a genuinely attractive woman .
The upcoming movie version of How to Lose Friends and Alienate People clearly recognizes this , and created a trailer for a fake biopic about Mother Theresa , starring Megan Fox .
Some may object to the casting , but it 's still less ridiculous than Nick Nolte playing our third President in Jefferson in Paris .
# 1. Saint Brigid of Ireland
One Hot Hibernian
Born around 450 A.D. , Brigid grew up to be a woman so lovely she allegedly prayed to have her beauty taken away so she could protect her virtue .
Legend has it God restored her looks only after she 'd been ordained a nun ( Tara Reid , enter a convent now ) .
Known as the female patron saint of Ireland , she founded the Kildare Abbey and is said to watch over everyone from newborns and midwives to dairymaids and fugitives , so if you 're pregnant , from Wisconsin , and on the lam , you know where to turn .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The odds that John Sidney McCain will reach the age of 76 or 80 may be considerably higher than in the population at large .
McCain and the politics of mortality
ST . PAUL , Minn . — Since John McCain announced Friday that first - term Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin would be his running mate , Democrats have been quick to point out that the 44 - year - old governor could soon be just “ a heartbeat away from the presidency . ”
The veiled reference to McCain ’s advanced age is hard to miss .
It ’s a macabre point to raise on the night when Palin will speak to the convention here — but a look at the actuarial tables insurance companies use to evaluate customers shows that it ’s not an irrelevant one .
According to these statistics , there is a roughly 1 in 3 chance that a 72 - year - old man will not reach the age of 80 , which is how old McCain would be at the end of a second presidential term .
And that does n’t factor in individual medical history , such as McCain ’s battles with potentially lethal skin cancer .
Advertisement
“ For a man , that ’s above the expected lifetime at the present , ” said Michael Powers , a professor of risk management and insurance at Temple University ’s Fox School of Business .
The odds of a 72 - year - old man living four more years , or one full White House term , are better .
But for a man who has lived 72 years and 67 days ( McCain ’s age on Election Day this year ) , there is between a 14.2 and 15.1 percent chance of dying before Inauguration Day 2013 , according to the Social Security Administration ’s 2004 actuarial tables and the authoritative 2001 mortality statistics assembled by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners .
Going by the Social Security Administration ’s tables , that ’s nearly ten times the likelihood that a man aged 47 years and 92 days ( Barack Obama ’s age on Election Day this year ) will die before Jan. 20 , 2013 .
Using the NAIC tables instead , which factor in the fact that Obama has been a smoker for most of his adult life , a non-smoker McCain ’s age is still six times as likely to die in the next four years as a smoker Obama ’s age .
Actuaries are quick to point out that mortality statistics describe broad population trends .
They insist the models ca n’t necessarily be applied to individual people .
See Also How to follow Politico's math
“ Actuarial models are good for estimating the average future lifetime of , say , 100,000 50 - year - olds , or how many out of 100,000 50 - year - olds will survive to 60 , but are lousy at estimating about one particular 50 - year - old , ” explained Jim Daniel , a professor of actuarial studies at the University of Texas .
The odds , then , that McCain will reach the age of 76 or 80 may be considerably higher than in the population at large .
Jack Luff , an actuary with the Society of Actuaries , also notes that the NAIC statistics are slightly weighted toward a higher probability of death .
“ The [ Commissioners Standard Ordinary ] table is directed at life insurance and does have a margin in it with respect to extra deaths for financial reporting purposes , ” said Luff .
The same calculations made by utilizing an annuity table , which is used for the purposes of disbursing pensions and tends to predict slightly greater longevity , suggest that a man McCain ’s age has a marginally reduced one in ten chance of not reaching age 76 .
Still , the quarter - century age gap between Obama and McCain is the widest ever between major - party presidential candidates .
And no matter what table is applied , the difference in average mortality rates of men McCain ’s age and men Obama ’s age is enormous .
According to the Social Security Administration , there is a roughly 1.6 percent chance that a man Obama ’s age would die before completing one term in the White House .
Even factoring in Obama ’s cigarette usage , there is , on average , still only a 2.4 percent chance of death between Election Day this year and Jan. 20 , 2013 , according to the NAIC .
And since the actuarial risks of cigarette smoking are believed to wear off over time and Obama has not suffered from lung cancer in the past , the Democrat ’s long - term odds could be closer to those of a non-smoker , according to several actuaries .
Powers observed that these statistics would be incomplete without factoring in the two men ’s full medical histories , adding : “ McCain ’s expected age of death is probably higher than Obama ’s because he ’s already lived to the age of 72 . ”
But for voters , the most important question is how well the candidates are likely to fare during one or two terms in office .
With Obama and McCain , it ’s not clear that factoring in outside medical information would make the comparison any more flattering to the presumptive Republican nominee .
“ It ’s not just a matter of McCain being age 72 , ” said Lois Horwitz of Boston University ’s department of mathematics and statistics .
“ It has to do with , of course , the underwriting characteristics of their lives . ”
Actuaries say different insurance companies might factor in McCain ’s history of cancer differently , but that in any case it probably would n’t help the Republican candidate ’s odds .
“ If they have a known condition they ’re going to be looked at very carefully , ” Luff explained .
With melanoma , he said , “ they ’d probably look for five years with no recurrence . ”
“ My understanding is that with even the worst forms of skin cancer , if they ’re caught early the lethality is not that great , ” said Powers , who added : “ The risk associated with that lesion would probably have more to do with the probability of having future lesions . ”
Plus , Powers noted , serving four or eight years in the White House could wear down the presidential candidates even beyond what actuarial statistics would predict .
“ Probably , there is a substantial effect associated with being in an office like the presidency , ” said Powers .
“ I think people do believe it tends to age you rather quickly . ”
McCain has acknowledged in the past that his advanced age would be a factor in the presidential campaign , particularly when it came to choosing a running mate .
In April , the Arizona senator told radio host Don Imus : “ I ’m aware of [ the ] enhanced importance of this issue given my age . ”
As early as 2007 there was speculation that McCain might pledge to serve just one term , in light of his advanced years .
McCain ruled out that possibility in an Aug. 20 interview with Politico , saying simply : “ I ’m not considering it . ”
The McCain campaign has pushed back hard on any traces of ageism coming from the candidate ’s critics , accusing Obama of age discrimination in May when the Illinois senator responded to a McCain statement by saying the Republican was “ losing his bearings . ”
During the Republican primaries , actor Chuck Norris also cited McCain ’s age as a factor in his own decision to support former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee .
“ That ’s why I did n’t pick John to support , because I ’m just afraid the vice president will wind up taking over his job within that four - year presidency , ” Norris explained in January .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Why drinking water to shed weight is a waste of time
Weighty issue : Drinking lots of water does not make you lose weight
Drinking water does not help keep you trim , research shows .
Dieters who down up to eight glasses a day in the hope of slimming could be wasting their time .
They could be better off eating foods rich in water , such as fruit , vegetables , rice , soups and casseroles , the research suggests .
In a study the weight and waist size of more than 1,000 young women was compared with the amount of water they consumed each day - both from drinks and food .
It found no link between water in drinks , including water itself , tea , coffee , soft drinks and fruit juices , and body shape .
But there was a link between water taken in from food , with women who ate the highest quantities of water - rich foods tending to have slightly smaller waists .
They also had a lower body mass index - meaning they were a better weight for their height , the journal Nutrition reports .
The link held firm even when other factors such as the amount of exercise done and whether the woman was dieting were taken into account .
The researchers , from the University of Tokyo , said it was unclear why water in food but not water in drinks should affect weight .
The result could be due to water - rich foods such as fruit , vegetables and rice also being high in fibre .
This makes people feel full faster , so preventing them from overeating .
The finding echoes other studies which have shown we eat less after eating water - rich foods but not after drinking water .
' These studies suggest that when water is consumed as an integral component of a food , it promotes satiety and decreases subsequent dietary intake , thus possibly working to prevent obesity , ' the researchers said .
On the other hand , water consumed alone or even alongside food had no such effect .
The study is not the first to question the widely - promoted theory that we need eight glasses of water a day to stay healthy .
An earlier review of every published clinical trial into the benefits of water found there was no solid evidence that drinking plenty was good for the skin , warded off weight gain or helped rid the body of toxins .
Instead , most of us get all the fluids we need to avoid dehydration from food and other drinks , including tea and coffee , the analysis found .
The American researchers said those living in hot , dry climates have a need for extra water , as do athletes and patients with some illnesses .
' But no such data exists for average healthy individuals , ' their report said .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters Life ! ) -
My eldest son made his first public political statement at the tender age of three .
It was just after President ’s Day and his preschool teacher asked if he could name the current president .
A boy boards a school bus wearing his father 's opinions .
REUTERS / Daniel Mather
“ George Bush , ” he said .
“ He ’s a bozo . ”
True , it was petty name calling .
But seeing my son quoted in the school newsletter , I could n’t have been prouder .
He not only had the right answer , he ’d come up with what I felt was an impressively concise characterization of our commander - in - chief .
Never mind that the dear boy had no idea what he was saying , that he had no way of understanding the actual policies that contribute to Bush ’s bozo - ness .
He had a hard enough time using a fork .
But if he was fuzzy on specifics , he clearly grasped the essential truth of the man .
And so , like many other parents on both sides of the political divide , I fanned the flames of his partisanship .
He could barely write his own name before he ’d learned to say “ universal health care . ”
At an Obama rally before the California primary , I hoisted him on my shoulders in the hopes that he ’d get a little CNN facetime .
It was ridiculous , but I could n’t help it -- all my familiar old convictions sounded so fresh coming from him .
No one wants to hear a twitchy minivan dad rant about carbon emissions ; the same material regurgitated by a fuzzy - haired kindergartner could soften the granite heart of Dick Cheney .
Of course I ’m not the only parent to exploit his children for political gain .
Parents now involve their offspring in politics like never before .
From mommy - and - me trips to campaign rallies to debates on the Nickelodeon series “ Kids Pick the President , ” children are entering the political arena earlier , and with more fervor , than ever .
“ KIDS TALK POLITICS ” “ Kids get as worked up as the pundits on cable news , ” says Ken Sheetz , who interviewed more than 250 kids for his documentary “ Kids Talk Politics , ” which can be viewed at www.kidstalkpolitics.com.
Argument at one group discussion erupted over “ which candidate stunk worse , ” he says .
“ One kid yelled that McCain stinks worse than poop .
That pretty much ended the debate . ”
Kids now sport T - shirts printed with slogans like “ Little Liberal , ” “ Weepublican , ” “ Bush is my homeboy , ” or , for the more theoretical political thinkers on the playground , pictures of Noam Chomsky or Ayn Rand .
Meanwhile infants slobber into bibs with faux - crayon fonts declaring “ Babies for Barrack ” or “ I only cry when Democrats hold me . ”
For some parents , dressing up their kids in political attire and coaching them in killer talking points is harmless bonding , no different than teaching them a favorite Beatles song or dressing them in a Yankees jersey .
Other parents take the sloganeering more seriously .
For these true believers , the intensity of the current election is n’t so much about politics as it is about core values .
And imparting those values to their kids is what parenting is all about .
I fall into this second category .
I’ gotten so wrapped up in the epic nature of this election that I feel it is my fatherly responsibility to make sure my kids , ages 3 - 9 , fully appreciate the inconsistencies of McCain ’ energy policy .
The miracle is , they listen .
In fact , they absorb it with such ease and eagerness that it ’ lately led me to question the very basis of my beliefs .
After all , where did all these grand ideals of mine come from exactly ?
As much as I ’d like to think my politics grew out of careful consideration , the truth is that the bulk of my ideals were formed in childhood , listening to my mom talk about civil rights and apartheid , the Sandinistas and nuclear disarmament .
I was thankful for the high ideals , less so for being sent to school in a florescent green T - shirt printed with the full text of the Equal Rights Amendment .
I picked up politics the same way my kids are today .
They are n’t so much learned as they are imparted , passed down , transmitted via an intimate family rite .
Which is both depressing and heartening .
Depressing because it suggests political beliefs are based mostly on indoctrination .
Heartening because it underscores how personal politics can be , how our families are so deeply embedded in the most unlikely places .
So I ’ll keep on talking to my kids about why this election matters so much .
But I ’ve learned my lesson .
I ’ll try to leave some breathing room for them to make up their own minds .
And most importantly , there will be absolutely no florescent green T - shirts .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - S.F. , has done something worse than commit a crime against the First Amendment .
The speaker 's censorship of nonobtrusive posters featuring men and women who gave that last full measure of devotion in service to their country is a blunder that could alienate 23 million veterans and their families from the Democratic Party .
If she is endowed with a crumb of constitutional or political sense , she will reverse course .
The tale of Pelosi 's folly begins with Rep. Walter Jones , R- N.C .
He wished to pay tribute to the service members of Camp Lejeune who had been killed in Iraq or Afghanistan .
Accordingly , Walter placed a poster flat against the wall in the corridor outside his office showing their names and pictures .
It was altogether fitting that Jones saluted the fallen soldiers on congressional premises .
Congress authorized the wars that occasioned their tragic deaths .
Congress appropriated the money that dispatched them to mortal danger .
The posters communicated to congressional visitors that war is a combination of heroism and hell .
Voters would leave with more informed judgments about the costs of the twin wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
There was no tension between Jones ' wall poster and the ordinary use of the House Rayburn Office Building to host direct communications between Members of the House and the public .
On one occasion , for instance , a mother from Minnesota entered Jones ' office with tears in her eyes to thank him for displaying the picture of her son who had been killed while serving the nation .
Speaker Pelosi apparently took umbrage .
Under federal law , she is empowered to issue and enforce rules and regulations governing the use of the House office buildings .
A 1999 rule prohibits " displaying any flag , banner , or device designed or adapted to bring into public notice any person , party , organization or movement ... "
On April 17 , Pelosi issued a sister hallway policy to improve compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act by restricting " the display of flags and the placing or storing of any items within a hallway exit access , exit or stairwell of the House Office Buildings . "
On Aug. 2 , the architect of the Capitol removed Jones ' name and picture poster from the Rayburn Office Building wall .
Borrowing a page from Humpty Dumpty in " Through the Looking Glass , " the removal notice insisted that the poster violated the hallway policy , although it was neither a flag nor a stored item within a hallway .
The architect also hinted that the wall poster constituted a " flag , banner , or device " prohibited by the 1999 rule , although no one associates any of those nouns with a wall poster .
Displaying homage to fallen soldiers constitutes core political speech .
The U.S. Supreme Court has routinely invalidated unreasonable restrictions on the use of government property for speech purposes .
And as applied to the wall poster , the hallway policy amounts to censorship for the sake of censorship .
Irrespective of free speech , the prospect of losing the veterans ' vote in November should concentrate Pelosi 's mind on honoring the right of all members of Congress to display wall posters in House office buildings commemorating those who died in furthering wars that Pelosi has voted to fund .
September 17 , 2008
The U.S. State Department lodged a sharp protest over ongoing Pakistani missile strikes and ground raids today , saying the Islamic Republic was violating American sovereignty .
" We will try to convince Pakistan . . . to respect [ the ] sovereignty of the United States -- and God willing , we will convince , " State Department Spokesman Sean McCormack told reporters .
1
The controversy stems from the Pakistan Army 's recent decision , leaked in a prominent Pakistani newspaper , to mount intensifying air attacks and new ground assaults against extremists hiding in American safe havens across the ocean .
American papers reported that under the new policy , the Pakistani military will no longer seek America 's permission in killing Americans , but will inform American diplomats about these killings as a friendly gesture between close allies .
2 Pakistan Army General Ashfaq Kayani told reporters outside Islamabad late last night that the new strategy was justified .
" We are working to prevent more attacks on the Pakistani people , " he said .
3
The general 's stance signified strong Pakistani dissatisfaction with America 's reluctance to crack down on religious fundamentalists and neoconservatives , who , experts note , have deep ties to American intelligence services and military leaders .
The largely unchecked extremists , experts observe , have used America to bolster the agenda of their ideological counterparts across the ocean in Israel , and to strike directly against Pakistan and other parts of the Muslim world .
" We have to strike them over there so that they cannot order strikes against us here at home , " General Kayani said , referring to American firepower that has terrorized hundreds of thousands of civilians on either side of the Pak - Afghan border and in the Middle East .
As Kayani spoke , new precision attacks and commando raids were being conducted against ranches in Texas , small towns in Alaska , the offices of AIPAC and energy - related lobbying firms in Washington , D.C. Commandos were also dispatched to America 's unruly federally - administered Bible Belt , where resentment of government authority runs high .
Several high - value targets were killed in the attacks .
Local media outlets claimed 50 civilians were also killed , but these assertions could not be independently verified .
Pakistani officials said they would send in their own team to investigate the claims , time permitting .
Seeking to assuage domestic concerns , American officials downplayed the actions of their staunch ally .
" The nation should not be upset by the statement of Pakistani General Kayani , " White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said in an official statement .
4 " Pakistan respect U.S. sovereignty and looks at us as partners , " she added .
5 U.S. officials also insisted no secret deal had been reached beforehand allowing Pakistanis to strike inside American territory .
" Media reports about authorization for Pakistani raids into the U.S. are incorrect , " the American ambassador to Pakistan , Anne Patterson , told Fox News last night .
She added that the South Asian country had " no aggressive designs or postures " toward America .6
Regimes allied to Pakistan , including those in Iraq , Iran , Lebanon , Venezuela , Bolivia , and Palestine , expressed support for the new Pakistani strategy , citing the need to " remove and destroy " strongholds where key militants have masterminded attacks against their countries .
7
Informed of this , Ambassador Patterson appeared unfazed , saying , " Pakistan respects American sovereignty . "
She insisted that Pakistani officials provided her with assurances that " no such order had been given " for new rules of engagement .
8
Finally , the ambassador explained , America had already carried out its own recent military offensive that left hundreds of rural Americans dead , relieving the need for further Pakistani intervention .
But in Islamabad , Pakistani corps commanders said their new strategy would see continued implementation in the coming weeks .
Speaking on condition of anonymity , one commander said that as far as Pakistan was concerned , " most things have been settled in terms of how we 're going to proceed .
" 9 Notes Except for note 2 , all the above - quoted statements are real quotes ; only the roles have been switched .
1 Quote actually taken from Pakistani PM Yousaf Gilani .
Reuters , Sept. 12 , 2008 .
( http://wiredispatch.com/news/?id=343756)
2
It was actually the Pakistan daily , Dawn , which reported on the U.S. policy shift as follows : " Under this new policy , the US military will notify Pakistan 's government when it conducts raids , but will not seek its permission . "
Sept. 12 , 2008 .
3 Quote actually taken from US Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen .
Dawn ( Pakistan Daily ) , Sept. 12 , 2008 .
4 Quote actually taken from PM Gilani .
( Source : note 3 ) 5 Quote actually taken from Pakistani Ambassador Husain Haqqani .
( Source : note 3 ) 6 Quotes actually taken from Ambassador Haqqani .
( Source : note 3 ) 7 Quote actually taken from U.S. ally and Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
Washington Post , Sept. 12 , 2008 . () 8 Quotes actually taken from Ambassador Haqqani .
( Source : note 7 ) 9 Quote actually taken from anonymous U.S. official .
( Source : note 7 ) M. Junaid Levesque - Alam is a Pakistani -American who blogs about America and Islam at Crossing the Crescent ( www.crossingthecrescent.com).
He writes about American Muslim identity for WireTap magazine and has been published in CounterPunch , Dissident Voice , The Nation ( online ) , and The American Muslim .
He works as a communications coordinator for an anti-domestic violence agency in the NYC area and obtained his undergraduate degree in journalism from Northeastern University .
He can be reached at : junaidalam1 AT gmail.com
By Mark Kinver
Science and nature reporter , BBC News
The tallest living Douglas - fir tree measures 100 metres Douglas firs , one of the tallest tree species , are unlikely to surpass 138 m ( 453 ft ) in height , a study suggests .
A team of US researchers found that there was a limit on how high the giant trees were able to pull water up their trunks to supply upper branches .
As the firs reached their physical limit , the upper foliage experienced " drought stress " , struggled to gain enough water and died back , they said .
The findings appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" The trees are moving water purely as a result of physics , " explained co-author Barb Lachenbruch , a professor of wood science at Oregon State University .
" The wood has to be designed to be safe at the top of the trees , which means preventing air bubbles getting into the columns that transport the water . "
Tall trees face a greater risk from air bubbles blocking their water supply , known as xylem embolism , because the tension in the columns increases with height as a result of conflicting forces such as gravity .
" If you had a straw that was three feet long and sucked up water before attaching it to the bottom of your tongue , your tongue would be pulled into the straw solely because of the weight of the water in the straw , " Professor Lachenbruch told BBC News .
I think it is really remarkable that wood cells , which are about the size of an eyelash but a little bit fatter , can tell us how tall a tree can get
Professor Barb Lachenbruch ,
Oregon State University
" If you do that with a 300 - foot column of water , it would pull incredibly hard ; that 's what the force is inside the trees ' cell walls , and that 's why air bubbles can get in .
" The wood has to be designed to be really safe to ensure the air bubbles do not get in .
But this also affects the development of the foliage . "
Water - tight valves
The team sampled 16 Douglas firs ( Pseudotsuga menzieii ) at five different sites , at heights ranging from six metres to 85.5 m ( 20-280ft ) .
They found that the cellular structure of the wood changed as the height increased in order to prevent air bubbles entering the wood .
Coastal redwoods can reach heights in excess of 110 m
Study limits maximum tree height " As tree height increases , " they wrote , " the structural modifications needed to satisfy safety requirements eventually will reduce water transport virtually to zero . "
The firs ' wood is mainly made up from dead cells called " tracheids " , which have pits on their sides that act as valves , allowing water to pass from one cell to the next .
The team found that the cells ' pits became increasingly smaller in relation to an increase in height , resulting in less water being transported to the upper reaches of the trunk and branches .
The point where the water supply became non-existent determined the maximum height of the tree , the researchers added .
Professor Lachenbruch said the team calculated this point as being 138 m , but added that it could be between 131 m ( 430 ft ) and 145 m ( 476 ft ) once a margin of error was taken into account .
She observed : " I think it is really remarkable that wood cells , which are about the size of an eyelash but a little bit fatter , with holes on the side , can tell us something about how tall a tree can get . "
The tallest Douglas fir standing today , measuring 100 m ( 329 ft ) , can be found in Coos County , Oregon .
However , the highest living tree is a coastal redwood ( Sequoia sempervirens ) , which is more than 112 m ( 367 ft ) tall .
Professor Lachenbruch said their modelling only applied to Douglas firs , but added that it was possible that the same mechanism could determine the maximum height of other tall species , such as the redwoods .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
AP Washington bureau chief Ron Fournier has been targeted by MoveOn , Media Matters and many liberal blogs this campaign cycle for what they consider light treatment of John McCain at the expense of other candidates — especially Barack Obama .
In July , I reported that Fournier had discussions with the McCain campaign in late 2006 — while not at the AP — about taking a senior level communications job with the campaign .
Fournier spoke with Mark Salter , Rick Davis , John Weaver and other campaign staffers , but did not take the job .
He returned to the AP in March 2007 .
So with the blogosphere enraged over Fournier , FishbowlDC writes today that Ellen Hale , the AP ’s vice president for corporate communications , has e-mailed talking points to managers on how to deal with questions about the wire 's D.C. bureau chief .
But the contents of the memo were not yet revealed .
I ’ve now obtained the full talking points which are after the jump ( and include a mention of " Politico.com , the blog " ) .
Tuesday , August 26 , 2008
Chiefs , RVPs , APME :
As many of you know , some political groups and left - leaning blogs have aligned to organize a newspaper letter - writing campaign against AP Washington Bureau Chief Ron Fournier .
The campaign started this weekend with an email writing push aimed at Kathleen Carroll and Mike Oreskes , but has now moved on to urge newspaper readers to write their local editors .
Below you will find some talking points to help guide you as this issue plays out .
Please feel free to use them in talking with editors and readers and forward to other AP staff you think might find them useful .
In addition , later this week , Corporate Communications will go live with a robust new Elections page on ap.org that will provide some real estate to deal with these issues .
It will highlight our Elections Team , include an archive of Ron 's political analyses as well as those of other AP journalists and also have a FAQ that expands on the talking points below .
This will be in addition to the elections and vote count background we normally post on the site .
Ellen Hale
Corporate Communications
AP Elections Coverage Talking Points
For Internal use only by Bureau Chiefs , RVPs , APMC
By way of background , the campaign started after Ron wrote an analysis piece about Barack Obama 's choice of Joe Biden for a running mate .
The original headline on the piece , which was labeled an analysis , read :
Biden pick shows lack of confidence .
The analysis was similar in perspective , tone and content to what other journalists for major news organizations were writing or saying .
Some of the same blogs now are also picking up the drumbeat of dissatisfaction with AP that some members have been voicing with the roll - out of Member choice , encouraging readers to write letters against AP in general .
In doing so they grossly misrepresent AP in many areas , including how much AP content is contributed by members .
For the record , member content comprises less than two percent of AP national and international content -- the slice that is found on Yahoo , Google and other portals .
This small fraction usually involved a scoop which is credited to the member paper .
On the AP State Wire , which is not distributed beyond members , about 45 percent of stories come from members .
AP has what arguably are the strict ethics and news values policies in the industry .
They are closely monitored and adhered to .
These guidelines lay out in great detail that AP reporters and editors must avoid any political activity , whether they cover politics or not .
AP journalists may not perform any kind of work for politicians and may not donate money to political organizations or campaigns , or any other organizations that take political positions .
They must avoid any activity or behavior that constitutes a conflict of interest .
You can refer anyone to The Associated Press Statement of New Values and Principles at http://www.ap.org/newsvalues/index.html.
In addition , it may be important to remind members that The Associated Press has a long and continuing legacy of aggressively but fairly reporting on how government and politicians serve the people who elect them , regardless of political affiliation .
AP fought to win the identities of those held at Guantanamo Bay detention center , for example , and Ron Fournier 's own coverage in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina was extremely critical of the GOP Bush Administration .
To help you deal with questions that may arise as a result of the ongoing issues , here is some background and also what we 've publicly said .
You can use these in public responses to queries -- Ron Fournier started in political reporting in Little Rock , Ark. , covering Bill Clinton , who was governor at the time .
He covered Clinton 's presidential campaign and moved to Washington in 1993 , where he spent 13 years covering politics and the White House .
He has a strong reputation among his peers for honesty and even - handedness .
In 2000 , Washington Post media writer Howard Kurtz described Fournier as one of the " most dogged shoe - leather scribes around , " but one who " avoids the spotlight himself . "
Fournier was AP 's chief political writer when he left in 2006 to edit Hotsoup.com , a site that was founded by a bipartisan group of prominent political strategists .
He returned to AP the following year as online political editor , charged with developing new approaches to AP 's online political and election coverage and to lead new coverage on accountability and governing .
He was named acting bureau chief in May and bureau chief on Aug .
1 .
-- The dual rule of AP Washington Bureau Chief and political writer has long roots in AP history , as well as that of other Washington bureaus .
Walter Mears , who won a Pulitzer for his 1976 presidential coverage , served in both capacities from 1977 to 1984 .
As bureau chief he continued to write news copy , usually analytical pieces .
Likewise , other leading news organizations have often had their bureau chiefs serve in both capacities .
-- The blogs and political organizations have made much of an email from Ron to Karl Rove that surfaced soon after Ron was named acting bureau chief , and which involved the death of Pat Tillman .
The email exchange between Ron and Rove occurred in 2004 , while Ron was a correspondent for AP -- long before he was named bureau chief .
Ron has widely publicly said that the tone of the email was unfortunate , but that the contact with Rove was in the pursuit of a story .
Ron has written both columns and articles that are critical of Rove .
Here 's what Ron said publicly about the email : " I was an AP political reporter at the time of the 2004 e-mail exchange , and was interacting with a source , a top aide to the president , in the course of following an important and compelling story .
I regret the breezy nature of the correspondence . "
-- Blogs also have made much of Ron 's discussions with the McCain campaign regarding a position in it .
These discussions occurred before Ron returned to AP .
he also was considered for employment by Politico.com , the blog .
Here 's what AP said about it , and what we continue to say in response to queries : " It is not uncommon for journalists to be approached by political campaigns , elected officials and government agencies about possible job opportunities .
Ron Fournier was approached by the McCain campaign and turned them down , months before he rejoined AP in March of 2007 . "
( Paul Colford , Corporate Communications )
The McCain campaign has made it clear that Ron was not interested in the position and that they never had any idea of his political leanings .
-- It also has been claimed that Ron has a conflict of interest because he is listed as a possible speaker for a speakers ' agency .
When Ron left AP , in 2006 to edit a Web site , he was briefly listed with an agency as part of a speaker 's tour to publicize a book he had written .
This is routine practice for anyone who has written a book .
He has not been involved with any speaking agency since before he returned to AP .
The listings are outdated , and were to have been taken down by the agency but were not .
comments closed
permalink
Barack Obama 's previous best monthly total was in February US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama raised $ 66 m ( £ 37 m ) in August , making it his best month in terms of election fundraising .
The amount raised makes it likely Mr Obama will have more to spend than Republican rival John McCain in the final two months before the vote .
Donations were lifted by half a million new donors signing up , an aide said .
The record figure contradicts suggestions that Mr Obama 's fundraising appeal had been slipping .
His previous record , of $ 55 m , was set in February .
The fundraising details are expected to be announced in the coming week when the rival campaigns file their monthly financial reports with the Federal Election Commission .
The public financing of presidential elections as it exists today is broken
Barack Obama
speaking in June
Tracking campaign finance Mr Obama earlier decided not to accept public financing for the rest of his campaign and now has no spending limit .
He is the first candidate not to take public financing since the system was introduced in the mid-1970s .
Mr McCain did accept public financing , which limits his direct spending to about $ 84 m after 1 September .
Recent opinion polls suggest Mr McCain has a lead of , on average , about 3 % over Mr Obama , ahead of the 4 November vote .
Breaking the mould Correspondents say Mr Obama raised more money than the Republican candidate partly because of the excitement generated by the Democratic nomination battle with Hillary Clinton , which ended on 7 June .
Mr McCain currently leads Mr Obama in opinion polls Mr McCain , by contrast , wrapped up the Republican nomination back in March .
The only donations he is accepting are those to his compliance fund - money to pay for lawyers , accountants and other expenses involved in maintaining compliance with federal election laws .
The Republican National Committee , however , can still raise money to support the McCain campaign .
The Obama campaign has also broken the mould of US election finance by making big efforts to attract small donors .
Mr Obama explained his decision to shun public finance in June by saying the system was " broken " .
" It 's not an easy decision , and especially because I support a robust system of public financing of elections , " Mr Obama said then in a video message to supporters .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
How lucky for McSame that the " suspending " of his campaign has distracted the mainstream ( " ooh , look at that shiny object ! " ) media from discussing further Palin 's substance - free meetings with foreign heads of state and Rick Davis ' continuing ties to Freddie Mac .
Luckily , unlike John McCain , we here in the blogosphere are capable of juggling more than one ball in the air .
Lindsay Beyerstein has done some basic investigation ( remember when the mainstream media practiced journalism ? ) and found that the McCain campaign , is just not being honest :
The McCain campaign claims that campaign manager Rick Davis separated from his lobbying firm , Davis Manafort , in 2006 : In fact , the allegation is demonstrably false .
As has been previously reported , Mr. Davis separated from his consulting firm , Davis Manafort , in 2006 .
As has been previously reported , Mr. Davis has seen no income from Davis Manafort since 2006 .
Zero. Mr. Davis has received no salary or compensation since 2006 .
Mr. Davis has received no profit or partner distributions from that firm on any basis -- weekly , bi-weekly , monthly , bi-monthly , quarterly , semi-annual or annual -- since 2006 .
Again , zero .
Neither has Mr. Davis received any equity in the firm based on profits derived since his financial separation from Davis Manafort in 2006 .
This record , which I retrieved from the Virginia State Corporations Commission shows that Davis is still an officer / director of Davis Manafort , Inc .
He is also currently the clerk / treasurer of Davis Manafort Partners , Inc. Corporate officers / directors do n't necessarily get paid and do n't necessarily " receive equity " based on the profits of the corporation .
But whether Davis has been paid , or received any equity based on Davis Manafort 's profits since 2006 is a separate question from whether he retains a connection to the firm .
And as Newsweek cited , " the arrangement was approved by Hollis McLoughlin , Freddie Mac 's senior vice president for external relations , because 'he [ Davis ] was John McCain 's campaign manager and it was felt you could n't say no . ' "
A British woman , who launched a courageous campaign against knife and gun crime after her son was shot by unknown assailants , has been found stabbed to death , police in the northern city of Leeds said .
Pat Regan , a 53 - year - old mother of six , founded the Leeds branch of the group Mothers Against Violence , a voluntary organisation giving support to those affected by violent crime , after her son Danny , then 25 , was shot dead in December 2002 .
Her body was found at her home in Leeds on Sunday evening .
Police said a 20 - year - old man was being held on suspicion of her murder , but did not confirm a BBC report that the suspect was her grandson .
It ’s a good thing someone is paying attention to these details !
Vanity Fair has done an estimate of the cost of the clothing worn by Cindy McCain and Laura Bush .
Laura Bush , obviously trying hard to not appear elitist , wore clothing with an estimated cost of between $ 3500 and $ 4300 .
But Cindy McCain apparently did n’t get the memo .
Her outfit is worth an estimated $ 300,000 .
Yup , that ’s more than the cost of most people ’s houses .
How hard is it to imagine her saying “ What ?
That old rag ? ” when told about the Vanity Fair article ?
As VF points out , it ’s a good thing that the GOP reporesents real working Americans , like Levi “ F–in Redneck ” Johnston .
UPDATE : When Michelle Obama appeared on “ The View ” , her outfit cost $ 148 .
UPDATE 2 : new joke – “ If Cindy McCain were a plane , Sarah Palin would sell her on eBay . ”
A Louisiana man is facing multiple charges after deputies say parents of a 15 - year - old girl found him living in their daughter 's closet .
According to Hernando County investigators , he had been living there for more than a month after traveling from Louisiana to have sex with the teen .
2 hours ago
Charles linked to it in his post , but I thought we should have the full quote in context up on Slog :
This is how Republican Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin described Barack Obamas win over Hillary Clinton to political colleagues in a restaurant a few days after Obama locked up the Democratic Party presidential nomination .
According to Lucille , the waitress serving her table at the time and who asked that her last name not be used , Gov. Palin was eating lunch with five or six people when the subject of the Democrats primary battle came up .
The governor , seemingly not caring that people at nearby tables would likely hear her , uttered the slur and then laughed loudly as her meal mates joined in appreciatively .
The Telegraph has begun publishing a new serial novel from the prolific Scottish author , Alexander McCall Smith .
In an exciting new project , and a first for UK publishing , the creation of the book has the author engaging with the readers during its development .
Through the Telegraph ’s website and simultaneous podcasts , McCall Smith ’s new novel , Corduroy Mansions , is being developed into one hundred episodes with a daily podcast being narrated by Andrew Sachs .
Readers of the serial can get involved by leaving comments and suggestions for McCall Smith on the website each day .
The serial , which began on Monday 15th September , is set in London and depicts the lives of various characters in a large Pimlico house .
Corduroy Mansions will appear in hardback in July 2009 , and paperback the following year .
Edward Roussel , The Telegraph ’s Digital Editor said : “ This is a great opportunity for Telegraph .
co.uk readers to actively engage in the creation of a novel by a leading author .
The project is part of a series of initiatives that are putting Telegraph.co.uk at the cutting edge of digital media . ”
While this is n’t McCall Smith ’s first serialised novel to hit the broadsheets , when asked to relate the idea to that of the hugely popular 44 Scotland Street , he said : “ Over the last five years I have come to realise how enjoyable it is to write a daily serial novel for a newspaper .
I am particularly pleased to be starting a new one for the Telegraph website .
Corduroy Mansions will be written as it is published , giving readers the opportunity to influence what happens in the story .
I ca n’t wait to begin . ”
Related Links
www.telegraph.co.uk/alexandermccallsmith
www.alexandermccallsmith.co.uk
—
Colin Galbraith writes articles and reviews on a wide variety of subjects .
For more information please visit : http://freelance.colingalbraith.co.uk
Relations have soured between the 2004 Orange Revolution allies Ukraine 's ruling pro-Western coalition has officially collapsed , the speaker of the Ukrainian parliament says .
President Viktor Yushchenko has been involved in a long - running dispute with Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko .
The president 's Our Ukraine bloc left the coalition earlier this month .
Parliament now has 30 days to try to form a new ruling coalition .
If those efforts fail , Mr Yushchenko can dissolve parliament and call a snap election .
The Our Ukraine party pulled out of the coalition on 3 September after the Tymoshenko Bloc sided with the pro-Moscow opposition Party of Regions to pass several laws that Mr Yushchenko saw as a threat to his presidential powers .
" I officially declare the coalition of democratic forces ... in Ukraine 's parliament dissolved , " parliament speaker Arseny Yatsenyuk announced on Tuesday .
" This has been long expected , but for me it is extremely sad , " he told the chamber .
" I would not call this a political apocalypse , though it is true that it is another challenge of democracy .
I hope we can overcome it . "
Presidential vote Mr Yushchenko and Ms Tymoshenko led the 2004 Orange Revolution , which overturned the fraudulent presidential election victory of a pro-Moscow candidate , Viktor Yanukovych .
But since then the two former allies have become bitter rivals , vying for power ahead of the 2010 presidential election .
Ms Tymoshenko leads the second largest group in the 450 - seat assembly , after Mr Yanukovych 's Party of the Regions .
Ukraine 's Vice Prime Minister Hrihoriy Nemyria , a member of Ms Tymoshenko's bloc , denied the party was trying to form a coalition with Mr Yanukovych 's party .
" Our priority is to re-establish the Orange coalition ...
The worst case scenario would be an early election in the mid winter , " he told the BBC 's HARDtalk programme .
Ms Tymoshenko dismissed the breakdown as " a storm in a teacup " .
" Let me assure you that the government is going to work for a long time and successfully too , regardless of these storms , " she said .
Opposition leader Mr Yanukovych said any new coalition should include his Party of the Regions .
" Any configuration leaving out the country 's biggest political forces is doomed to fail , " he said .
The HARDtalk interview with Hrihoriy Nemyria will be broadcast on Wednesday 17th September 2008 at the following times on BBC World News at 0330 , 0830 , 1430 , 2030 and 2330 GMT and on the News Channel at 0430 and 2330
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Federal regulators are moving quickly to broker a deal for Washington Mutual as the savings - and - loan comes under mounting financial pressure , according to people briefed on the talks .
Even as Washington moves to bail out financial institutions , the fortunes of Washington Mutual have spiraled downward .
On Wednesday , Standard & Poor ’s , a major credit rating agency , downgraded Washington Mutual ’s debt further into junk territory , citing the increased chance that the company might have to be split up to facilitate a sale .
Washington Mutual insists that it is well - capitalized and has adequate access to funding and noted “ the rating actions do not affect the safety of customer deposits , which are insured up to the limits allowed ” by the federal government .
Brad Russell , a Washington Mutual spokesman , declined to comment on speculation about a possible sale .
Still , shares fell 94 cents , or 29 percent , to $ 2.26 a share on Wednesday , leaving them down 83 percent this year .
Former GOP senator calls Palin a ' cocky wacko ' Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 11 , 2008
Print This Email This PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( AP )  Former Rhode Island Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee has called vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin a " cocky wacko " and said her selection as John McCain 's running mate has energized supporters of Democrat Barack Obama .
Chafee left the Republican Party last year after losing his bid for re-election and now supports Obama .
He told an audience Tuesday at the New America Foundation in Washington that the Alaska governor has revived a " lackluster McCain candidacy . "
" They 've just thrown this firestorm , this tornado , into the whole presidential election , " Chafee said in response to an audience member 's question about whether the Obama campaign should worry about Palin 's presence in the race .
He said her speech at the Republican National Convention had the unintended effect of energizing Democrats and Obama supporters .
Read the rest ...
Reid likens McCain to Hoover
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid likened John McCain to former president Herbert Hoover on Tuesday , as the Democratic outrage continued over McCain ’s statement that the fundamentals of the economy are strong .
“ John McCain woke up yesterday , surveyed the state of the U.S. economy , summoned the ghost of his fellow Republican Herbert Hoover and declared — and I quote — ‘ the fundamentals of our economy are strong , ' ” Reid said on the Senate floor .
“ For whom are the fundamentals of the economy strong ? ”
Speaking at a rally on Monday , McCain repeated his assertion that the fundamentals of the economy are strong , despite the latest turmoil on Wall Street .
McCain did acknowledge the trouble in the financial markets and vowed to reform Wall Street , but it was n’t enough for Democrats , who have pounced on the statement .
Reid then went on to read a quote from Hoover , who has become a favorite punching bag of the Democrats of late , for his insistence that the economy was on solid ground throughout most of the Great Depression .
“ On the morning of October 30 , 1929 , President Herbert Hoover woke the day after the biggest one - day stock market crash in American history , surveyed the state of the U.S. economy and declared — and I quote —
‘ The fundamental business of the country … is on a sound and prosperous basis , ’ ” Reid said .
What images have you found ?
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us with your pictures .
--------------
Google - branded Holden Astra cars with roof - mounted cameras began traversing our streets about November last year , taking tens of millions of detailed panoramic street - level photos .
Most Australian coastal cities and many regional and outback towns are covered but there are some notable omissions , such as Uluru .
Google Maps product manager Andrew Foster said more images would be added to Street View in the coming months as they are processed by Google .
Street View was launched in the US in May last year and has since expanded to parts of France and Italy .
Google 's camera - equipped cars have also been spotted in New Zealand , Britain , Germany , Spain , Ireland , the Czech Republic , Japan , Switzerland and Norway .
" Our ambition is to be a world map , " said Lars Rasmussen , Google Australia 's engineer and one of the original creators of Google Maps .
Google expects tourists , home seekers , students and armchair explorers to embrace Street View in their research .
The feature has already been praised by Tourism Australia , the Real Estate Institute of Australia and the Australian Geography Teachers Association .
Many of the original photographs that were part of the US Street View launch were taken down following privacy concerns .
They include a woman in a G - string , a man striding into an adult bookshop and a man relieving himself on a pavement .
Since then , Google has developed technology to blur faces and number plates in the Street View photos , although it acknowledges the automated process is not foolproof .
Privacy conscious users who notice any potentially invasive images on Street View can report them to Google using an online form .
A US couple is suing Google for invasion of privacy because photos of their home , located on a private road , appeared on Street View .
In court documents filed in its defence , Google claimed that " even in today 's desert , complete privacy does not exist " .
Google Australia spokesman Rob Shilkin said the quote had been taken out of context and no Australian private roads would be visible on Street View .
To assuage local privacy concerns , Google demonstrated Street View for the Office of the Privacy Commissioner , the Australian Privacy Foundation and various welfare groups for homeless people .
The privacy commissioner , Karen Curtis , said she would continue to monitor Street View but those with concerns could first contact Google and then her office directly .
Dan Svantesson , co-chairman of the privacy foundation 's internet subcommittee and a law professor at Bond University , applauded Google for developing the blurring technology but said its effectiveness would only be apparent after Street View went live today .
He said he was concerned that the link to the form for users to report privacy concerns with individual images was n't visible enough .
And even with the blurring technology , cars and people - particularly those in small towns or neighbourhoods - could still be identified from other features .
At a technology industry lunch in May , Google evangelist and internet pioneer Vint Cerf said that " nothing you do ever goes away and nothing you do ever escapes notice ... there is n't any privacy , get over it " , the Seattle Post - Intelligencer reported .
The US National Legal and Policy centre responded by releasing a dossier of information about an unnamed Google executive - later revealed to be co-founder Larry Page - including their address and route to work , using information compiled only from Street View images in 30 minutes .
" Perhaps in Google 's world , privacy does not exist , but in the real world individual privacy is fundamentally important and is being chipped away bit by bit every day by companies like Google , " NLPC chairman Ken Boehm said .
Yak ’éi yee xwsateení !
Welcome to Alaska Real , where I shall attempt to inform , amuse , interest - or at least create a moment of pause .
I created this blog with an attempt to get one more Alaskan Native voice out there - and with a hope that it would encourage more of those voices to speak up .
( CNN ) -- Rick Perlstein could have called his book " Paranoia . "
Richard Nixon was " the guy who exploited these tensions to create a new kind of politics , " says Rick Perlstein .
If Perlstein 's history of the 1960s and early ' 70s in America has a throughline , it 's mistrust .
Parents do n't trust their children .
Enlisted men do n't trust their officers .
Blacks do n't trust whites , Southerners do n't trust Northerners , the Silent Majority does n't trust the Intellectual Establishment , and -- soon enough -- nobody trusts the government .
And in the midst of it all was Richard Nixon : Red-baiter , former vice president , failed gubernatorial nominee , punch line , political strategist and president , a master at playing both sides to maintain his hold on power .
In doing so , he provided a roadmap for his successors .
Hence Perlstein 's actual title : " Nixonland " ( Scribner ) .
" I 'm fascinated with how Americans fight with each other , " says Perlstein , 39 , who was born the year Nixon took office .
" And the '60s is the best , the most -- besides the Civil War , I can't think of a more dramatic canvas .
And Nixon fits in as the guy who exploited these tensions to create a new kind of politics that we 're still living with now . "
Slideshow :
What made the '60s the ' 60s »
Perlstein 's book has earned rave reviews .
In The Atlantic magazine , conservative writer Ross Douthat praised the author for " the rare gift of being able to weave social , political , and cultural history into a single seamless narrative . "
Newsweek 's Evan Thomas called it " the best book written about the 1960s " in more than a quarter - century .
Perlstein says he 's long had an obsession with the '60s -- which , in " Nixonland , " start with the Democratic landslide of 1964 and end with the Nixon landslide of 1972 .
The author , now a senior fellow at the left - leaning Campaign for America 's Future in Chicago , considers the book a sequel to his earlier work , a biography of Barry Goldwater and the rise of the conservative movement .
But " Nixonland " is as much a cultural history as a political chronicle ; indeed , in the '60s the two were tightly enmeshed .
The decade saw the full flower of youth culture , which was intertwined with Vietnam War protests , increasing drug use and distinctive music .
It also saw the rise of what Nixon , in a major 1969 speech , termed the " Silent Majority " -- older , more conservative Americans buffeted on all sides by change , taking refuge in the familiar .
Both groups had their pop culture heroes and touchstones , Perlstein observes .
" The generational divide went so deep as to form a fundamental argument about what was moral and what was immoral , " Perlstein says .
" This was how people lived in the world -- through popular culture and through politics .
The two feed off each other . "
Though the era is now remembered through the rosy lenses of the baby boomers , their parents -- the heart of the " Silent Majority " -- did n't look upon the culture so fondly .
Many disdained the era's pop music , the most obvious expression of youth .
Moreover , some of the highest - rated TV specials of 1969 and 1970 were Bob Hope programs , Perlstein writes , and when a movie such as 1970's " Joe " came out -- about a hardhat who loathes the hippies -- many in the audience came to cheer for the hardhat .
Movies may have been the most revealing mirror of society .
The rise of the youth culture coincided with the death of the studio system .
Some of what emerged were films willing to show the grit and ugliness of the cities ( " the cities " being a common euphemism for civic decline ) .
" Midnight Cowboy " and " The French Connection , " the Academy Awards ' best pictures of 1969 and 1971 respectively , show a weary , cold New York crumbling under its residents ' feet .
Television tiptoed more gingerly into the new age , Perlstein says .
With just three networks catering to the entire country , " everything had to have this lowest - common - denominator mass appeal , " he says .
" You could watch TV in 1966 and it 's really not any different from what it looked like in 1956 .
" When you did get interesting shows , it was often an accident -- a midseason replacement , " he adds .
" ' The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ' was supposed to be a typical variety show .
[ CBS ] never would have signed it up had they known that they were going to start talking about how much they hated the Vietnam War and started putting on Pete Seeger and making jokes about Richard Nixon .
It was an accident . "
An underlying theme of " Nixonland " is how the various cultural and political movements eventually borrow from each other , with varying results .
The mass gatherings of youth -- " be-in , " " sit - in " -- became " Rowan and Martin 's Laugh - in , " a colorful comedy show hosted by two nightclub comics , with a writing staff that included an old Nixon hand , Paul Keyes .
The nightly arguments between parents and children became the sitcom " All in the Family , " a show whose central figure -- the bigoted construction worker Archie Bunker -- became a cultural hero .
And then there was Nixon , a controlling man who , in trying to stay at least one move ahead of everyone else , ends up consumed by his own power .
The result is Watergate , which is just being uncovered as " Nixonland " ends .
Could it have been different ?
Countless commentators have tried to replay history from the hinge year of 1968 , wondering if a surviving Robert Kennedy could have beaten Nixon and salved an angry culture .
Perlstein , whose next book will chronicle the ' 70s , will have none of it .
" I do n't like that magic thinking .
I 'm very suspicious of it , " he says .
" Martyrs seem to get 100 extra bonus points in the annals of history , and that 's a bias .
By the same token , nostalgia systematically cheats the past .
" I think that it pulls around to one of the huge themes of my book and my work , which is that we really want to believe that somehow magically we can transcend our differences in American and as Americans without working hard at it .
" If only this person had lived ; if only this event had n't gone the way it did .
But the fact of the matter is , we are a deeply divided nation , and transcending those differences is n't the work of an afternoon or a single person .
It 's something we all have to fight for . "
How to Protect Your Phone From Hackers : The Only Guide You Need
You charged your phone to 100 % capacity .
An hour later , you notice that your phone ’s battery level has drained to 60 percent .
Your phone never lost so much battery powder abruptly .
You believe that your battery is defective .
Also , your smartphone ’s Internet browser is sluggish .
You suspect malware is at play .
You must learn how to protect your phone from hackers , but you fear it ’s too late .
What can do you ?
The best way to prevent phone hacking is to update all the apps on your smartphone .
Moreover , you should also have antivirus apps on your phone to protect your phone consistently .
You can also use apps to eliminate harmful apps and other hazards that you may not be aware of .
This article will provide a comprehensive look at smartphone protection .
Read further if you wish to know more .
To prevent phone hackers from breaching your phone , ensure that you have the latest upgrades .
Software and app updates usually contain security add - ons that buffer your phone ’s security .
If you encounter an update notice , install it immediately .
You can also check your app menu to see if any apps need an upgrade .
Failing to update your phone regularly can make your smartphone vulnerable to attacks when you least suspect it .
Example :
You may receive a text in a foreign language .
The message contains a bug that can infiltrate your phone .
Hackers tend to text coded messages that contain malicious apps , even after you delete the message .
With that , you can block the harmful messages with the latest security protocols that address sophisticated hacking attacks .
Proactive Measures
To prevent phone hackers from accessing your phone , implement your common safeguards in conjunction with official security updates .
For one , avoid clicking on unfamiliar emails or links .
Regardless of the app or platform , the link could contain harmful malware or other bugs that can infect your phone .
Additionally , create individual passwords instead of using one or two passwords across many platforms .
If a hacker figures out your go - to password , many of your accounts could be in jeopardy .
Using different passwords for each account is a hassle , but you can keep a log of all your passwords to help you remember .
If you want to enhance your security measures , go to Google and conduct a check on your security protocols .
The system will recommend important security changes that can keep hackers at bay .
Another solution involves adding two - step verification requirements that make it harder for hackers to access your account .
Locking Your Smartphone
Implementing security locks can block hackers outright , especially if you lose your phone .
Smartphones offer a security feature that requires a passcode before using it .
You may get a six - digit code option , but you may also have the ability to add more digits for stronger security .
If the system allows it , include letters in your code to strengthen security .
You may also get a fingerprint security alternative where you access your phone using your finger - swipe patterns .
Do n’t Give Out Your Phone Number
Think of your phone number as your Social Security Number .
Only give your phone number to a trusted source when inputting information .
A hacker can use your number and compromise your smartphone in the following ways :
The intrusion of 2FA accounts
SMS malware
Mobile scams
If you must provide your phone number to an unknown party , consider using Google Voice instead .
Google Voice allows you to create another phone number without charge .
You can also use other apps to create a secondary number .
Instill AntiVirus Software
Many people instill antivirus software on their computers and laptops but fail to do so on their smartphones .
Think of your smartphone as a miniature computer that needs the same amount of software protections as any other computer .
Since smartphones can access email , apps , and websites , all of your everyday platforms could be at risk .
Moreover , the antivirus software that ’s on your laptop or computer may be compatible with your phone .
In addition to virus and malware protection , antivirus software offers the following benefits :
Call blocking
Theft support
Applock features
Firewalls
You can take advantage of these uses to prevent digital incursions at all times .
Also , you can get quality protection using free antivirus software .
However , you may have to purchase a subscription to unlock additional features .
Important Steps to Take if You ’ve Been Breached
If you ’re wondering , “ how to remove a hacker from my android phone ? ” the most direct way to is reset your phone to the factory settings .
From there , install the latest operating system on the phone .
You can also go to your phone ’s security settings and access the administration menu .
There , you ’ll find a list of apps that may show an infected app .
You may find an unfamiliar app that you ’ve never downloaded in the past .
Look up the name of the app to see if it has a bad review , or if consumers identified it as something harmful
If you suspect that a hacker reached your phone , refer to the following signs :
Spikes in data consumption
Sudden battery drains
Sluggish performance
You can also conduct a security check on your phone for additional confirmation .
To conduct a security assessment for androids or iPhones , you can use security apps .
With that , the security app is only as effective as the latest upgrades .
You can also conduct a security check using your antivirus software to pinpoint suspected viruses or malware .
How to Protect Your Phone from Hackers the Smart Way
The smartest way to prevent smartphone infiltrators is to prevent the breach in the first place .
You can do so through simple measures such as instilling antivirus software or enhancing your security protocols .
If you want to know how to protect your phone from hackers in other ways , you can follow the same security steps on your other devices .
Also , improve your security settings on any website where you retain an account .
Hackers can also use smartphones to penetrate online accounts .
Most importantly , avoid clicking on unfamiliar emails and links , especially attachment files that require downloading .
Interested in reading more ?
Read more of our lifestyle section to learn about other interesting topics .
Monavie FTW !
It has grapes , acai , and 17 other fruits , 1000 % more anti-oxidant potency than grapes or any other single fruit , or wine .
For those that drink Noni or Goji , Monavie 's ORAC value is 1027 compared to Goji 's 250 , and Noni's 15 .
The Active formula of Monavie has glucosamine for your joints and esterate fatty acids ( like fish oil but with out that bad fish oil after taste ) for your heart .
AND , Monavie just came out with a new product called Pulse which has all of the 19 fruits of both the original and active formulas but with added heart benefits derived from plant sterols - phytosterols and resveratrol - which allows Monavie to make the FDA approved claim that this juice can lower the risk of cardiovascular disease and can lower LDL cholesterol ( the bad cholesterol ) .
No other nutritional beverage has the approval of the FDA to make such a claim .
Also , at least for the next two years , no other beverage company can have acai and the addition of phytosterols and resveratrol in a beverage .
Mona
Vie has a patent on this combination .
So , Monavie for your health , blows grape juice and wine out of the ballpark .
If you are going to drink ANY fruit drink ( and we all need 13 fruits everyday , according to the FDA ) , then your best nutritional choice is Monavie .
I 'd be happy to answer other questions privately for those who want more information .
HERMISTON -- Austin Winters , the 10 - year - old creator of Bacon Boy , a superhero who shoots bacon bits from one hand and grease from other , has lost his battle with leukemia .
Austin created his bacon strip - shaped crime fighter after painter Frank Etxaniz began visiting Portland 's Doernbecher Children 's Hospital as part of the Children 's Healing Art Project .
Etxaniz challenged Austin to dream up a character to draw .
Austin came up with Bacon Boy , who along with his friend , Sgt. Sausage , fights the evil Fry Guy and his minions , Knife and Fork .
Austin made drawings of his characters , created iron - on images , did animation and shaped Bacon Boy in clay .
Etxaniz secretly entered Bacon Boy in a contest , and the Tacoma Museum of Glass chose to make a glass version of the superhero for a permanent collection of kids ' art .
A contingent of artists traveled to Portland in June to cast Bacon Boy in glass .
Austin served as an adviser .
Ensuing news stories led people from Oregon and beyond to send Austin encouraging cards and letters .
Austin and Etxaniz launched a line of Bacon Boy T - shirts and orders arrived from around the country .
" It 's a brutal , beautiful story , " Etxaniz said in an interview with the Pendleton newspaper .
The artist drove from Portland to Hermiston early last week to have a last chat with Austin .
The boy drifted in and out , but roused himself for a 20 - minute conversation about heaven -- a place , they decided , with sunny skies , open roads to ride motorcycles and no laws against speeding .
" He had a look on his face I 'll never forget , " Etxaniz said .
-- The Associated Press
NEW YORK , Aug 30 ( Reuters ) - Lehman Brothers has hired Jeb Bush , brother of the President of the United States , as an advisor to its private equity business , a source familiar with the situation said .
Lehman hired another relative of U.S. President George W. Bush last year -- George Walker , a second cousin , who heads up the bank ’s asset management business .
Jeb Bush is the former governor of Florida .
Lehman Brothers declined to comment .
It 's quite hard to correctly create and maintain rewrites that change dynamic URLs to static - looking URLs .
It 's much safer to serve us the original dynamic URL and let us handle the problem of detecting and avoiding problematic parameters .
If you want to rewrite your URL , please remove unnecessary parameters while maintaining a dynamic - looking URL .
If you want to serve a static URL instead of a dynamic URL you should create a static equivalent of your content .
language=en - indicates the language of the article
answer=3 - the article has the number 3
sid=8971298178906 - the session ID number is 8971298178906
query =URL - the query with which the article was found is [ URL ]
www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo/en/3/98971298178906/URL
www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo/language=en/answer=3/
sid=98971298178906/query=URL
sid=98971298178906/query=URL www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo/language/en/answer/3/
sid/98971298178906 /query / URL
sid/98971298178906/query/URL www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo/en,3,98971298178906,URL
www.example.com/article/bin/ answer.foo/en/3
www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo?language=en&answer=3
A static URL is one that does not change , so it typically does not contain any url parameters .
It can look like this : http://www.example.com/archive/january.htm.
You can search for static URLs on Google by typing filetype : htm in the search field .
Updating these kinds of pages can be time consuming , especially if the amount of information grows quickly , since every single page has to be hard - coded .
This is why webmasters who deal with large , frequently updated sites like online shops , forum communities , blogs or content management systems may use dynamic URLs .
If the content of a site is stored in a database and pulled for display on pages on demand , dynamic URLs maybe used .
In that case the site serves basically as a template for the content .
Usually , a dynamic URL would look something like this :
http://code.google.com/p/google-checkout-php-sample-code/issues/detail?id=31
.
You can spot dynamic URLs by looking for characters like : ? = &. Dynamic URLs have the disadvantage that different URLs can have the same content .
So different users might link to URLs with different parameters which have the same content .
That 's one reason why webmasters sometimes want to rewrite their URLs to static ones .
Following are some key points you should keep in mind while dealing with dynamic URLs : We 've come across many webmasters who , like our friend , believed that static or static - looking URLs were an advantage for indexing and ranking their sites .
This is based on the presumption that search engines have issues with crawling and analyzing URLs that include session IDs or source trackers .
However , as a matter of fact , we at Google have made some progress in both areas .
While static URLs might have a slight advantage in terms of clickthrough rates because users can easily read the urls , the decision to use database - driven websites does not imply a significant disadvantage in terms of indexing and ranking .
Providing search engines with dynamic URLs should be favored over hiding parameters to make them look static .
We can crawl dynamic URLs and interpret the different parameters .
We might have problems crawling and ranking your dynamic URLs if you try to make your urls look static and in the process hide parameters which offer the Googlebot valuable information .
One recommendation is to .
It 's always advisable to use static content with static URLs as much as possible , but in cases where you decide to use dynamic content , you should give us the possibility to analyze your URL structure and not remove information by hiding parameters and making them look static .
There is no limit on the number of parameters , but a good rule of thumb would be to ( this applies to all URLs , whether static or dynamic ) .
You may be able to remove some parameters which are n't essential for Googlebot and offer your users a nice looking dynamic URL .
If you are not able to figure out which parameters to remove , we 'd advise you to serve us all the parameters in your dynamic URL and our system will figure out which ones do not matter .
Hiding your parameters keeps us from analyzing your URLs properly and we wo n't be able to recognize the parameters as such , which could cause a loss of valuable information .
That 's our recommendation , unless your rewrites are limited to removing unnecessary parameters , or you are very diligent in removing all parameters that could cause problems .
If you transform your dynamic URL to make it look static you should be aware that we might not be able to interpret the information correctly in all cases .
If you want to serve a static equivalent of your site , you might want to consider transforming the underlying content by serving a replacement which is truly static .
One example would be to generate files for all the paths and make them accessible somewhere on your site .
However , if you 're using URL rewriting ( rather than making a copy of the content ) to produce static - looking URLs from a dynamic site , you could be doing harm rather than good .
Feel free to serve us your standard dynamic URL and we will automatically find the parameters which are unnecessary .
If you have a dynamic URL which is in the standard format like foo ?
key1 =value&key2=value2 we recommend that you leave the url unchanged , and Google will determine which parameters can be removed ; or you could remove uncessary parameters for your users .
Be careful that you only remove parameters which do not matter .
Here 's an example of a URL with a couple of parameters : www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo?language=en&answer=3&sid=98971298178906&query=URLNot all of these parameters offer additional information .
So rewriting the URL to www.example.com/article/bin/answer.foo?language=en&answer=3
probably would not cause any problems as all irrelevant parameters are removed .
The following are some examples of static - looking URLs which may cause more crawling problems than serving the dynamic URL without rewriting : Rewriting your dynamic URL to one of these examples could cause us to crawl the same piece of content needlessly via many different URLs with varying values for session IDs ( ) and .
These forms make it difficult for us to understand thatandhave nothing to do with the actual content which is returned via this URL .
However , here 's an example of a rewrite where all irrelevant parameters have been removed :
Although we are able to process this URL correctly , we would still discourage you from using this rewrite as it is hard to maintain and needs to be updated as soon as a new parameter is added to the original dynamic URL .
Failure to do this would again result in a static looking URL which is hiding parameters .
So the best solution is often to keep your dynamic URLs as they are .
Or , if you remove irrelevant parameters , bear in mind to leave the URL dynamic as the above example of a rewritten URL shows :
( Sorry about the title .
Do n’t you hate it when you ’ve got a syntax question and you do n’t even know what to google to find out what it means … ? )
draegtun dropped by recently to offer suggestions for tuning up some of my Perl code … and some of his code appeared to do some strange things .
( Thanks for the help , as always …. )
Maybe it was something to do with closures and maybe it was operating directly on the internal function table of Perl .
So I decided to mess with it some before rolling it out to my mini-project .
I ’m sure draegtun ‘s a nice guy and all , but I remember all to well the poor wannabe lisp hacker that picked up code for formatting his hard drive via some random use - group advice … .
You just ca n’t be too careful …. 😉
Yeah , this is silly … but this is what passes for understanding code snippets before plugging them in … .
Anyways , flipping through the Camel book I quickly came across a similar example in the section on closures .
I could n’t find out what the weird * sigil meant even after flipping around in the index .
Logically , Perl is a postmodern language .
Therefore the * sigil means the same thing as it did in Kurt Vonnegut ’s Breakfast of Champions .
Obviously , applying the * to a scalar shoves its associated reference up Perl ’s hind end .
Perl ’s DWIM features should cause it to psychically intuit which internal table you meant it to go to based on the type of reference you ’re passing ….
( Well , I figure if I can think like Larry , then learning Perl will be a lot easier .
That ’s my theory , anyway .
Let ’s see if this is right …. )
# /usr / bin / perl use strict ; use warnings ; sub hotwire { my $ number = 42 ; my $ string = " foo " ; my $ subname = " blarney " ; no strict ' refs ' ; *$ subname = sub { print " Yes , it 's $ number and $ string .
" ; } ; } hotwire ( ) ; my $ number = 12 ; my $ string = " bar " ; blarney ( ) ;
Okay , this is fun… .
Now , we know from the opening chapter of Intermediate Perl that you can use eval as a substitute for the type of error - catching try / catch block activity you might have seen in other languages .
Of course , as in other languages , using eval for what it ’s supposed to be used is generally stupid and a form of language abuse .
However we feel it is our divine right to abuse whatever language we have at our disposal , so let ’s just check to see that we can load evaluated text into our environment as a function :
sub loadme { my ( $ name , $ code ) = @_ ; no strict ' refs ' ; *$ name = eval $ code ; } loadme ( " noway " , ' sub { print " yadda yadda yadda
" ; } ' ) ; noway ( ) ;
Wow … it works !
Woo - hoo !
Okay … .
Let ’s try adding in our own syntactic sugar .
We ’ll create a function and we ’ll search for a pattern and replace it with our function call :
sub check { my ( $a , $b , $ c ) = @_ ; return " $ a...$b...$ c... " ; } sub loadme2 { my ( $ name , $ code ) = @_ ; $ code =~ s/( \w + ) ~( \w+ ) ~( \w+ ) / check ( '$ 1 ' , '$ 2 ' , '$ 3 ' ) /g ; #print " $ code
" ; no strict ' refs ' ; *$ name = eval $ code ; } loadme2 ( " yesway " , ' sub { my $ a = 99 ; print try ~ this~out , "
" , $a , "
" ; } ' ) ; yesway ( ) ;
Dumb dumb dumb !
There are surely better ways to accomplish this !
But yeah , it ’s nice to know that ( in a pinch ) we can do evil nasty things like this ….
Let ’s try one more variation that loads the text in from a file .
Also , let ’s store our reference in a scalar variable instead of hotwiring the package ’s table of functions ….
open TEXTFILE , " < loadthis " ; my $ file ; while (< TEXTFILE > ) { $ file .= $ _ ; } close TEXTFILE ; loadme2 ( " crazy " , $ file ) ; crazy ( ) ; sub loadme3 { my ( $ code ) = @_ ; $ code =~ s/( \w + ) ~( \w+ ) ~( \w+ ) / check ( '$ 1 ' , '$ 2 ' , '$ 3 ' ) / g ; return eval $ code ; } my $ C = loadme3 ( $ file ) ; print " Now we 'll try running the code from a scalar ...
" ; $ C - > ( ) ;
There we go !
Now … this is evil … this is wrong … this is bogus and brain dead .
But but by marrying this to our table parsing code , we can create our own Frankenstein style scripting language .
We already can create specialized data structures can initialize them with data parsed from a pseudo - DSL .
We can customize these structures with perl code tacked on however we like .
This can be basic event and override code like you see in GUI frameworks .
I figure that the code is already interpreted for us into compiled - ish code when the references are read in , so you wo n’t see any real performance hit when you call these things– they should be indistinguishable from any other sub .
Just look for things to slow down at startup as you add more and more of these to the script files .
( Yeah , I know .
I need to learn about hardware and assembly language– and I need to go pick up a comp sci degree , too– I ’ll get around to it sometime .
Right now I just want something that works …. )
Back in Lisp we made the mistake of trying to create an all - new language that ran on top of Lisp .
This was bad because we could n’t take advantage of Lisp ’s language features in our hacked / custom dsl - thing .
( We should have gone with the grain of the language and modified Lisp slightly so that it became our lisp - ish DSL by itself . )
In Blub , we hacked someone ’s custom evaluator to go even further to craft our own language from scratch .
This proved to be an unsustainable amount of work beyond a certain level of complexity .
With Perl , we are compromising by creating special language - interfaces for initializing data structures … and then switching over to ( maybe ) slightly - abused Perl code where it suits .
There ’s better ways to do this , but this may be sufficient for a certain class of problems … .
Probably what we ’re doing is rolling our own Meta - object protocol .
( After a fashion , anyway . )
That ’s not necessarily a complete waste of time : now maybe if we study it , we ’ll have a use for it ….
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
When it comes to cybercrime , Eastern Europe , China , and Brazil may get the lion 's share of press attention , but a new study shows a vast proportion of attacks come from computers in the United States .
Security firm SecureWorks has counted 20.6 million attacks against its customers that originated inside US borders so far this year .
China ranked No. 2 on the list with 7.7 million , and Brazil and South Korea came in third and fourth , with 166,987 and 162,298 respectively .
The study , which was released Monday , is a strong indication that there 's no shortage of compromised computers on US soil .
The findings have important implications for organizations trying to fend off denial - of - service attacks and other net - based assaults .
Namely , that they need to be aware of the threat that US - based machines pose .
In August , after Russia invaded the Republic of Georgia , many Georgian IT staff members sought to secure their networks by blocking Russian IP addresses .
They ended up getting clobbered anyway because they failed to block hostile computers from Turkey and the US , said Don Jackson , SecureWorks 's director of threat intelligence .
Whereas many of the compromised machines in the US are under the control of people outside of the country , that is not generally the case in China .
Entire university networks in that country remain under the control of hackers there , often with the help of insiders .
Miscreants in Japan and Poland use much the same approach .
In related news , Chinese hacktivists have begun defacing the websites of several companies involved in the distribution of tainted milk .
According to this post on the Dark Visitor blog , targets include the Sanlu Milk Company and the Mongolian Milk Corporation .
" When an infant with kidney stones lies weeping in a hospital bed , can the factory owners intuitively sense the condemnation ? " one defacement reads .
" In order to gain profit you have gone so far as to devastate these young lives ! "
The defacements are designed to protest the shipping of baby formula containing melamine , a toxic chemical used illegally to make the milk appear it has more protein - and hoodwink food testing agencies . ®
As a thinly veiled favor to agriculture lobbyists , the EPA has proposed to eliminate a rule that currently requires large livestock facilities to track and report their noxious gas emissions .
An individual factory farm can be responsible for as much greenhouse gas emissions as an entire major American city .
A Government Accountability Office report , however , has come out against the proposed EPA change .
The report explains that one facility can produce up to 1.6 million tons of manure each year , which causes 1.5 times more pollution to water and air than a city like Philadelphia .
In Congress , a House oversight committee convened today to try to convince the EPA away from the change.[ social_buttons ]
The GAO said the number of factory farms had increased about 3,600 in 1982 to about 12,000 in 2002 and that pollution continues to be a problem for communities surrounding the facilities .
The rule as it stands is one of the few environmental standards that the meat and dairy industry must follow .
It is hardly stringent , as it does not regulate how much methane or ammonia a farm can emit , but rather equips the EPA with information to tackle the problem in the future .
Rescinding the rule would be a backwards move for the environment and only the agriculture industry alone stands to profit .
“ This GAO study confirms that the Bush administration ’s plan to exempt industrial - sized animal feeding operations from emissions reporting requirements is nothing more than a favor to big agribusiness , ” said Democratic Congressman John Dingell , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
The EPA issued a statement saying that the rule change is restrictive and would only apply to emissions from animal waste .
However , that is where the vast majority of factory farm pollution originates .
So far , the EPA seems unwilling to relent on their plan .
Photo Credit : David Blaine on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
More on the Environmental Impact of Meat & Dairy :
What Is Clean Code ?
By Robert C. Martin
Date : Aug 19 , 2008
Sample Chapter is provided courtesy of Pearson .
Return to the article
Robert C. Martin introduces his book , Clean Code , and polls experienced programmers -- including Bjarne Stroustrup , Grady Booch , Dave Thomas , and Ward Cunningham -- on what their definition of " Clean Code " is .
You are reading this book for two reasons .
First , you are a programmer .
Second , you want to be a better programmer .
Good .
We need better programmers .
This is a book about good programming .
It is filled with code .
We are going to look at code from every different direction .
We 'll look down at it from the top , up at it from the bottom , and through it from the inside out .
By the time we are done , we 're going to know a lot about code .
What 's more , we 'll be able to tell the difference between good code and bad code .
We 'll know how to write good code .
And we 'll know how to transform bad code into good code .
There Will Be Code
One might argue that a book about code is somehow behind the times — that code is no longer the issue ; that we should be concerned about models and requirements instead .
Indeed some have suggested that we are close to the end of code .
That soon all code will be generated instead of written .
That programmers simply wo n't be needed because business people will generate programs from specifications .
Nonsense !
We will never be rid of code , because code represents the details of the requirements .
At some level those details cannot be ignored or abstracted ; they have to be specified .
And specifying requirements in such detail that a machine can execute them is programming .
Such a specification is code .
I expect that the level of abstraction of our languages will continue to increase .
I also expect that the number of domain - specific languages will continue to grow .
This will be a good thing .
But it will not eliminate code .
Indeed , all the specifications written in these higher level and domain - specific language will be code !
It will still need to be rigorous , accurate , and so formal and detailed that a machine can understand and execute it .
The folks who think that code will one day disappear are like mathematicians who hope one day to discover a mathematics that does not have to be formal .
They are hoping that one day we will discover a way to create machines that can do what we want rather than what we say .
These machines will have to be able to understand us so well that they can translate vaguely specified needs into perfectly executing programs that precisely meet those needs .
This will never happen .
Not even humans , with all their intuition and creativity , have been able to create successful systems from the vague feelings of their customers .
Indeed , if the discipline of requirements specification has taught us anything , it is that well - specified requirements are as formal as code and can act as executable tests of that code !
Remember that code is really the language in which we ultimately express the requirements .
We may create languages that are closer to the requirements .
We may create tools that help us parse and assemble those requirements into formal structures .
But we will never eliminate necessary precision — so there will always be code .
Bad Code
I was recently reading the preface to Kent Beck 's book Implementation Patterns . 1
He says , " . . . this book is based on a rather fragile premise : that good code matters .
. . . "
A fragile premise ?
I disagree !
I think that premise is one of the most robust , supported , and overloaded of all the premises in our craft ( and I think Kent knows it ) .
We know good code matters because we 've had to deal for so long with its lack .
I know of one company that , in the late 80s , wrote a killer app .
It was very popular , and lots of professionals bought and used it .
But then the release cycles began to stretch .
Bugs were not repaired from one release to the next .
Load times grew and crashes increased .
I remember the day I shut the product down in frustration and never used it again .
The company went out of business a short time after that .
Two decades later I met one of the early employees of that company and asked him what had happened .
The answer confirmed my fears .
They had rushed the product to market and had made a huge mess in the code .
As they added more and more features , the code got worse and worse until they simply could not manage it any longer .
It was the bad code that brought the company down .
Have you ever been significantly impeded by bad code ?
If you are a programmer of any experience then you 've felt this impediment many times .
Indeed , we have a name for it .
We call it wading .
We wade through bad code .
We slog through a morass of tangled brambles and hidden pitfalls .
We struggle to find our way , hoping for some hint , some clue , of what is going on ; but all we see is more and more senseless code .
Of course you have been impeded by bad code .
So then — why did you write it ?
Were you trying to go fast ?
Were you in a rush ?
Probably so .
Perhaps you felt that you did n't have time to do a good job ; that your boss would be angry with you if you took the time to clean up your code .
Perhaps you were just tired of working on this program and wanted it to be over .
Or maybe you looked at the backlog of other stuff that you had promised to get done and realized that you needed to slam this module together so you could move on to the next .
We 've all done it .
We 've all looked at the mess we 've just made and then have chosen to leave it for another day .
We 've all felt the relief of seeing our messy program work and deciding that a working mess is better than nothing .
We 've all said we'd go back and clean it up later .
Of course , in those days we did n't know LeBlanc 's law : Later equals never .
The Total Cost of Owning a Mess
If you have been a programmer for more than two or three years , you have probably been significantly slowed down by someone else 's messy code .
If you have been a programmer for longer than two or three years , you have probably been slowed down by messy code .
The degree of the slowdown can be significant .
Over the span of a year or two , teams that were moving very fast at the beginning of a project can find themselves moving at a snail 's pace .
Every change they make to the code breaks two or three other parts of the code .
No change is trivial .
Every addition or modification to the system requires that the tangles , twists , and knots be " understood " so that more tangles , twists , and knots can be added .
Over time the mess becomes so big and so deep and so tall , they can not clean it up .
There is no way at all .
As the mess builds , the productivity of the team continues to decrease , asymptotically approaching zero .
As productivity decreases , management does the only thing they can ; they add more staff to the project in hopes of increasing productivity .
But that new staff is not versed in the design of the system .
They do n't know the difference between a change that matches the design intent and a change that thwarts the design intent .
Furthermore , they , and everyone else on the team , are under horrific pressure to increase productivity .
So they all make more and more messes , driving the productivity ever further toward zero .
( See Figure 1 - 1. )
The Grand Redesign in the Sky
Eventually the team rebels .
They inform management that they cannot continue to develop in this odious code base .
They demand a redesign .
Management does not want to expend the resources on a whole new redesign of the project , but they cannot deny that productivity is terrible .
Eventually they bend to the demands of the developers and authorize the grand redesign in the sky .
A new tiger team is selected .
Everyone wants to be on this team because it's a green - field project .
They get to start over and create something truly beautiful .
But only the best and brightest are chosen for the tiger team .
Everyone else must continue to maintain the current system .
Now the two teams are in a race .
The tiger team must build a new system that does everything that the old system does .
Not only that , they have to keep up with the changes that are continuously being made to the old system .
Management will not replace the old system until the new system can do everything that the old system does .
This race can go on for a very long time .
I 've seen it take 10 years .
And by the time it 's done , the original members of the tiger team are long gone , and the current members are demanding that the new system be redesigned because it 's such a mess .
If you have experienced even one small part of the story I just told , then you already know that spending time keeping your code clean is not just cost effective ; it 's a matter of professional survival .
Attitude
Have you ever waded through a mess so grave that it took weeks to do what should have taken hours ?
Have you seen what should have been a one - line change , made instead in hundreds of different modules ?
These symptoms are all too common .
Why does this happen to code ?
Why does good code rot so quickly into bad code ?
We have lots of explanations for it .
We complain that the requirements changed in ways that thwart the original design .
We bemoan the schedules that were too tight to do things right .
We blather about stupid managers and intolerant customers and useless marketing types and telephone sanitizers .
But the fault , dear Dilbert , is not in our stars , but in ourselves .
We are unprofessional .
This may be a bitter pill to swallow .
How could this mess be our fault ?
What about the requirements ?
What about the schedule ?
What about the stupid managers and the useless marketing types ?
Do n't they bear some of the blame ?
No .
The managers and marketers look to us for the information they need to make promises and commitments ; and even when they do n't look to us , we should not be shy about telling them what we think .
The users look to us to validate the way the requirements will fit into the system .
The project managers look to us to help work out the schedule .
We are deeply complicit in the planning of the project and share a great deal of the responsibility for any failures ; especially if those failures have to do with bad code !
" But wait ! " you say .
" If I do n't do what my manager says , I 'll be fired . "
Probably not .
Most managers want the truth , even when they do n't act like it .
Most managers want good code , even when they are obsessing about the schedule .
They may defend the schedule and requirements with passion ; but that 's their job .
It 's your job to defend the code with equal passion .
To drive this point home , what if you were a doctor and had a patient who demanded that you stop all the silly hand - washing in preparation for surgery because it was taking too much time ?
2
Clearly the patient is the boss ; and yet the doctor should absolutely refuse to comply .
Why ?
Because the doctor knows more than the patient about the risks of disease and infection .
It would be unprofessional ( never mind criminal ) for the doctor to comply with the patient .
So too it is unprofessional for programmers to bend to the will of managers who do n't understand the risks of making messes .
The Primal Conundrum
Programmers face a conundrum of basic values .
All developers with more than a few years experience know that previous messes slow them down .
And yet all developers feel the pressure to make messes in order to meet deadlines .
In short , they do n't take the time to go fast !
True professionals know that the second part of the conundrum is wrong .
You will not make the deadline by making the mess .
Indeed , the mess will slow you down instantly , and will force you to miss the deadline .
The only way to make the deadline — the only way to go fast — is to keep the code as clean as possible at all times .
The Art of Clean Code ?
Let 's say you believe that messy code is a significant impediment .
Let 's say that you accept that the only way to go fast is to keep your code clean .
Then you must ask yourself : " How do I write clean code ? "
It 's no good trying to write clean code if you do n't know what it means for code to be clean !
The bad news is that writing clean code is a lot like painting a picture .
Most of us know when a picture is painted well or badly .
But being able to recognize good art from bad does not mean that we know how to paint .
So too being able to recognize clean code from dirty code does not mean that we know how to write clean code !
Writing clean code requires the disciplined use of a myriad little techniques applied through a painstakingly acquired sense of " cleanliness . "
This " code - sense " is the key .
Some of us are born with it .
Some of us have to fight to acquire it .
Not only does it let us see whether code is good or bad , but it also shows us the strategy for applying our discipline to transform bad code into clean code .
A programmer without " code - sense " can look at a messy module and recognize the mess but will have no idea what to do about it .
A programmer with " code - sense " will look at a messy module and see options and variations .
The " code - sense " will help that programmer choose the best variation and guide him or her to plot a sequence of behavior preserving transformations to get from here to there .
In short , a programmer who writes clean code is an artist who can take a blank screen through a series of transformations until it is an elegantly coded system .
What Is Clean Code ?
There are probably as many definitions as there are programmers .
So I asked some very well - known and deeply experienced programmers what they thought .
Bjarne Stroustrup , inventor of C++ and author of The C++ Programming Language
I like my code to be elegant and efficient .
The logic should be straightforward to make it hard for bugs to hide , the dependencies minimal to ease maintenance , error handling complete according to an articulated strategy , and performance close to optimal so as not to tempt people to make the code messy with unprincipled optimizations .
Clean code does one thing well .
Bjarne uses the word " elegant . "
That 's quite a word !
The dictionary in my MacBook® provides the following definitions : pleasingly graceful and stylish in appearance or manner ; pleasingly ingenious and simple .
Notice the emphasis on the word " pleasing . "
Apparently Bjarne thinks that clean code is pleasing to read .
Reading it should make you smile the way a well - crafted music box or well - designed car would .
Bjarne also mentions efficiency — twice .
Perhaps this should not surprise us coming from the inventor of C++ ; but I think there 's more to it than the sheer desire for speed .
Wasted cycles are inelegant , they are not pleasing .
And now note the word that Bjarne uses to describe the consequence of that inelegance .
He uses the word " tempt . "
There is a deep truth here .
Bad code tempts the mess to grow !
When others change bad code , they tend to make it worse .
Pragmatic Dave Thomas and Andy Hunt said this a different way .
They used the metaphor of broken windows . 3
A building with broken windows looks like nobody cares about it .
So other people stop caring .
They allow more windows to become broken .
Eventually they actively break them .
They despoil the facade with graffiti and allow garbage to collect .
One broken window starts the process toward decay .
Bjarne also mentions that error handing should be complete .
This goes to the discipline of paying attention to details .
Abbreviated error handling is just one way that programmers gloss over details .
Memory leaks are another , race conditions still another .
Inconsistent naming yet another .
The upshot is that clean code exhibits close attention to detail .
Bjarne closes with the assertion that clean code does one thing well .
It is no accident that there are so many principles of software design that can be boiled down to this simple admonition .
Writer after writer has tried to communicate this thought .
Bad code tries to do too much , it has muddled intent and ambiguity of purpose .
Clean code is focused .
Each function , each class , each module exposes a single - minded attitude that remains entirely undistracted , and unpolluted , by the surrounding details .
Grady Booch , author of Object Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications
Clean code is simple and direct .
Clean code reads like well - written prose .
Clean code never obscures the designer 's intent but rather is full of crisp abstractions and straightforward lines of control .
Grady makes some of the same points as Bjarne , but he takes a readability perspective .
I especially like his view that clean code should read like well - written prose .
Think back on a really good book that you 've read .
Remember how the words disappeared to be replaced by images !
It was like watching a movie , was n't it ?
Better !
You saw the characters , you heard the sounds , you experienced the pathos and the humor .
Reading clean code will never be quite like reading Lord of the Rings .
Still , the literary metaphor is not a bad one .
Like a good novel , clean code should clearly expose the tensions in the problem to be solved .
It should build those tensions to a climax and then give the reader that " Aha !
Of course ! " as the issues and tensions are resolved in the revelation of an obvious solution .
I find Grady 's use of the phrase " crisp abstraction " to be a fascinating oxymoron !
After all the word " crisp " is nearly a synonym for " concrete . "
My MacBook 's dictionary holds the following definition of " crisp " : briskly decisive and matter - of - fact , without hesitation or unnecessary detail .
Despite this seeming juxtaposition of meaning , the words carry a powerful message .
Our code should be matter - of - fact as opposed to speculative .
It should contain only what is necessary .
Our readers should perceive us to have been decisive .
" Big " Dave Thomas , founder of OTI , godfather of the Eclipse strategy
Clean code can be read , and enhanced by a developer other than its original author .
It has unit and acceptance tests .
It has meaningful names .
It provides one way rather than many ways for doing one thing .
It has minimal dependencies , which are explicitly defined , and provides a clear and minimal API .
Code should be literate since depending on the language , not all necessary information can be expressed clearly in code alone .
Big Dave shares Grady 's desire for readability , but with an important twist .
Dave asserts that clean code makes it easy for other people to enhance it .
This may seem obvious , but it can not be overemphasized .
There is , after all , a difference between code that is easy to read and code that is easy to change .
Dave ties cleanliness to tests !
Ten years ago this would have raised a lot of eyebrows .
But the discipline of Test Driven Development has made a profound impact upon our industry and has become one of our most fundamental disciplines .
Dave is right .
Code , without tests , is not clean .
No matter how elegant it is , no matter how readable and accessible , if it hath not tests , it be unclean .
Dave uses the word minimal twice .
Apparently he values code that is small , rather than code that is large .
Indeed , this has been a common refrain throughout software literature since its inception .
Smaller is better .
Dave also says that code should be literate .
This is a soft reference to Knuth 's literate programming .
4
The upshot is that the code should be composed in such a form as to make it readable by humans .
Michael Feathers , author of Working Effectively with Legacy Code
I could list all of the qualities that I notice in clean code , but there is one overarching quality that leads to all of them .
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares .
There is nothing obvious that you can do to make it better .
All of those things were thought about by the code 's author , and if you try to imagine improvements , you 're led back to where you are , sitting in appreciation of the code someone left for you — code left by someone who cares deeply about the craft .
One word : care .
That 's really the topic of this book .
Perhaps an appropriate subtitle would be How to Care for Code .
Michael hit it on the head .
Clean code is code that has been taken care of .
Someone has taken the time to keep it simple and orderly .
They have paid appropriate attention to details .
They have cared .
Ron Jeffries , author of Extreme Programming Installed and Extreme Programming Adventures in C #
Ron began his career programming in Fortran at the Strategic Air Command and has written code in almost every language and on almost every machine .
It pays to consider his words carefully .
In recent years I begin , and nearly end , with Beck 's rules of simple code .
In priority order , simple code : Runs all the tests ; Contains no duplication ; Expresses all the design ideas that are in the system ; Minimizes the number of entities such as classes , methods , functions , and the like .
Of these , I focus mostly on duplication .
When the same thing is done over and over , it 's a sign that there is an idea in our mind that is not well represented in the code .
I try to figure out what it is .
Then I try to express that idea more clearly .
Expressiveness to me includes meaningful names , and I am likely to change the names of things several times before I settle in .
With modern coding tools such as Eclipse , renaming is quite inexpensive , so it does n't trouble me to change .
Expressiveness goes beyond names , however .
I also look at whether an object or method is doing more than one thing .
If it 's an object , it probably needs to be broken into two or more objects .
If it 's a method , I will always use the Extract Method refactoring on it , resulting in one method that says more clearly what it does , and some submethods saying how it is done .
Duplication and expressiveness take me a very long way into what I consider clean code , and improving dirty code with just these two things in mind can make a huge difference .
There is , however , one other thing that I 'm aware of doing , which is a bit harder to explain .
After years of doing this work , it seems to me that all programs are made up of very similar elements .
One example is " find things in a collection . "
Whether we have a database of employee records , or a hash map of keys and values , or an array of items of some kind , we often find ourselves wanting a particular item from that collection .
When I find that happening , I will often wrap the particular implementation in a more abstract method or class .
That gives me a couple of interesting advantages .
I can implement the functionality now with something simple , say a hash map , but since now all the references to that search are covered by my little abstraction , I can change the implementation any time I want .
I can go forward quickly while preserving my ability to change later .
In addition , the collection abstraction often calls my attention to what 's " really " going on , and keeps me from running down the path of implementing arbitrary collection behavior when all I really need is a few fairly simple ways of finding what I want .
Reduced duplication , high expressiveness , and early building of simple abstractions .
That 's what makes clean code for me .
Here , in a few short paragraphs , Ron has summarized the contents of this book .
No duplication , one thing , expressiveness , tiny abstractions .
Everything is there .
Ward Cunningham , inventor of Wiki , inventor of Fit , coinventor of eXtreme Programming .
Motive force behind Design Patterns .
Smalltalk and OO thought leader .
The godfather of all those who care about code .
You know you are working on clean code when each routine you read turns out to be pretty much what you expected .
You can call it beautiful code when the code also makes it look like the language was made for the problem .
Statements like this are characteristic of Ward .
You read it , nod your head , and then go on to the next topic .
It sounds so reasonable , so obvious , that it barely registers as something profound .
You might think it was pretty much what you expected .
But let 's take a closer look .
" . . . pretty much what you expected . "
When was the last time you saw a module that was pretty much what you expected ?
Is n't it more likely that the modules you look at will be puzzling , complicated , tangled ?
Is n't misdirection the rule ?
Are n't you used to flailing about trying to grab and hold the threads of reasoning that spew forth from the whole system and weave their way through the module you are reading ?
When was the last time you read through some code and nodded your head the way you might have nodded your head at Ward 's statement ?
Ward expects that when you read clean code you wo n't be surprised at all .
Indeed , you wo n't even expend much effort .
You will read it , and it will be pretty much what you expected .
It will be obvious , simple , and compelling .
Each module will set the stage for the next .
Each tells you how the next will be written .
Programs that are that clean are so profoundly well written that you do n't even notice it .
The designer makes it look ridiculously simple like all exceptional designs .
And what about Ward 's notion of beauty ?
We 've all railed against the fact that our languages were n't designed for our problems .
But Ward 's statement puts the onus back on us .
He says that beautiful code makes the language look like it was made for the problem !
So it 's our responsibility to make the language look simple !
Language bigots everywhere , beware !
It is not the language that makes programs appear simple .
It is the programmer that make the language appear simple !
Schools of Thought
What about me ( Uncle Bob ) ?
What do I think clean code is ?
This book will tell you , in hideous detail , what I and my compatriots think about clean code .
We will tell you what we think makes a clean variable name , a clean function , a clean class , etc .
We will present these opinions as absolutes , and we will not apologize for our stridence .
To us , at this point in our careers , they are absolutes .
They are our school of thought about clean code .
Martial artists do not all agree about the best martial art , or the best technique within a martial art .
Often master martial artists will form their own schools of thought and gather students to learn from them .
So we see Gracie Jiu Jistu , founded and taught by the Gracie family in Brazil .
We see Hakkoryu Jiu Jistu , founded and taught by Okuyama Ryuho in Tokyo .
We see Jeet Kune Do , founded and taught by Bruce Lee in the United States .
Students of these approaches immerse themselves in the teachings of the founder .
They dedicate themselves to learn what that particular master teaches , often to the exclusion of any other master 's teaching .
Later , as the students grow in their art , they may become the student of a different master so they can broaden their knowledge and practice .
Some eventually go on to refine their skills , discovering new techniques and founding their own schools .
None of these different schools is absolutely right .
Yet within a particular school we act as though the teachings and techniques are right .
After all , there is a right way to practice Hakkoryu Jiu Jitsu , or Jeet Kune Do .
But this rightness within a school does not invalidate the teachings of a different school .
Consider this book a description of the Object Mentor School of Clean Code .
The techniques and teachings within are the way that we practice our art .
We are willing to claim that if you follow these teachings , you will enjoy the benefits that we have enjoyed , and you will learn to write code that is clean and professional .
But do n't make the mistake of thinking that we are somehow " right " in any absolute sense .
There are other schools and other masters that have just as much claim to professionalism as we .
It would behoove you to learn from them as well .
Indeed , many of the recommendations in this book are controversial .
You will probably not agree with all of them .
You might violently disagree with some of them .
That 's fine .
We can't claim final authority .
On the other hand , the recommendations in this book are things that we have thought long and hard about .
We have learned them through decades of experience and repeated trial and error .
So whether you agree or disagree , it would be a shame if you did not see , and respect , our point of view .
We Are Authors
The @author field of a Javadoc tells us who we are .
We are authors .
And one thing about authors is that they have readers .
Indeed , authors are responsible for communicating well with their readers .
The next time you write a line of code , remember you are an author , writing for readers who will judge your effort .
You might ask :
How much is code really read ?
Does n't most of the effort go into writing it ?
Have you ever played back an edit session ?
In the 80s and 90s we had editors like Emacs that kept track of every keystroke .
You could work for an hour and then play back your whole edit session like a high - speed movie .
When I did this , the results were fascinating .
The vast majority of the playback was scrolling and navigating to other modules !
Bob enters the module .
He scrolls down to the function needing change .
He pauses , considering his options .
Oh , he 's scrolling up to the top of the module to check the initialization of a variable .
Now he scrolls back down and begins to type .
Ooops , he 's erasing what he typed !
He types it again .
He erases it again !
He types half of something else but then erases that !
He scrolls down to another function that calls the function he 's changing to see how it is called .
He scrolls back up and types the same code he just erased .
He pauses .
He erases that code again !
He pops up another window and looks at a subclass .
Is that function overridden ?
. . .
You get the drift .
Indeed , the ratio of time spent reading vs. writing is well over 10:1 .
We are constantly reading old code as part of the effort to write new code .
Because this ratio is so high , we want the reading of code to be easy , even if it makes the writing harder .
Of course there 's no way to write code without reading it , so making it easy to read actually makes it easier to write .
There is no escape from this logic .
You can not write code if you cannot read the surrounding code .
The code you are trying to write today will be hard or easy to write depending on how hard or easy the surrounding code is to read .
So if you want to go fast , if you want to get done quickly , if you want your code to be easy to write , make it easy to read .
The Boy Scout Rule
It 's not enough to write the code well .
The code has to be kept clean over time .
We 've all seen code rot and degrade as time passes .
So we must take an active role in preventing this degradation .
The Boy Scouts of America have a simple rule that we can apply to our profession .
Leave the campground cleaner than you found it .5
If we all checked - in our code a little cleaner than when we checked it out , the code simply could not rot .
The cleanup does n't have to be something big .
Change one variable name for the better , break up one function that 's a little too large , eliminate one small bit of duplication , clean up one composite if statement .
Can you imagine working on a project where the code simply got better as time passed ?
Do you believe that any other option is professional ?
Indeed , is n't continuous improvement an intrinsic part of professionalism ?
Prequel and Principles
In many ways this book is a " prequel " to a book I wrote in 2002 entitled Agile Software Development : Principles , Patterns , and Practices ( PPP ) .
The PPP book concerns itself with the principles of object - oriented design , and many of the practices used by professional developers .
If you have not read PPP , then you may find that it continues the story told by this book .
If you have already read it , then you 'll find many of the sentiments of that book echoed in this one at the level of code .
In this book you will find sporadic references to various principles of design .
These include the Single Responsibility Principle ( SRP ) , the Open Closed Principle ( OCP ) , and the Dependency Inversion Principle ( DIP ) among others .
These principles are described in depth in PPP .
Conclusion
Books on art do n't promise to make you an artist .
All they can do is give you some of the tools , techniques , and thought processes that other artists have used .
So too this book cannot promise to make you a good programmer .
It can not promise to give you " code - sense . "
All it can do is show you the thought processes of good programmers and the tricks , techniques , and tools that they use .
Just like a book on art , this book will be full of details .
There will be lots of code .
You 'll see good code and you 'll see bad code .
You 'll see bad code transformed into good code .
You 'll see lists of heuristics , disciplines , and techniques .
You 'll see example after example .
After that , it 's up to you .
Remember the old joke about the concert violinist who got lost on his way to a performance ?
He stopped an old man on the corner and asked him how to get to Carnegie Hall .
The old man looked at the violinist and the violin tucked under his arm , and said : " Practice , son .
Practice ! "
Bibliography
[ Beck07 ] : Implementation Patterns , Kent Beck , Addison - Wesley , 2007 .
[ Knuth92 ] : Literate Programming , Donald E. Knuth , Center for the Study of Language and Information , Leland Stanford Junior University , 1992 .
Katydids visited our back porch on the past several weekends .
The way their bodies were designed to look like leaves impressed me , and also made me think about how much of a conundrum these insects are .
In fact , it made very confused as to my beliefs in evolution and god .
In the end I suppose that the concepts are compatible .
But what a marvel to see something designed to be so camouflaged as a katydid .
After looking on Wikipedia , I learned that there are approximately 6,400 species of katydids around the world .
I wanted to see more of these fascinating insects , and so I searched for photos on Flickr .
What you see here are some of the more beautiful and interesting photos I found , combined with several of my own .
Top Photo Credit : chdwckvnstrsslhm on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Photo Credit : © Levi T. Novey
Photo Credit : Aussiegall on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Photo Credit : Shek_Graham on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Photo Credit : Orin Optiglot on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Photo Credit : © Levi T. Novey
Photo Credit : emills1 on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Photo Credit : Wikimedia Commons
Photo Credit : James Jordan on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
( CNN ) -- Ambitious plans to build a revolutionary 420 - meter shape - shifting skyscraper in Dubai have been unveiled by architects .
The 80 - story Dynamic Tower , described as the " world 's first building in motion , " will also be the first skyscraper constructed from prefabricated units , according to a press statement released by New York - based architect David Fisher 's Dynamic Group .
Each floor would be capable of rotating independently , powered by wind turbines fitted between each floor .
" You can adjust the shape the way you like every given moment , " Fisher said .
" It 's not a piece of architecture somebody designed today and that 's it .
It remains forever .
It 's designed by life , shaped by time . "
Watch how the tower would spin and twist »
Apartments will sell for about $ 3,000 per square foot , making each unit range in price from about $ 4 million to $ 40 million .
Work on the tower is to be completed by 2010 , according to Dynamic 's Web site .
Fisher said that plans to build a second rotating skyscraper in Moscow were at an advanced stage and that the group intended to build a third tower in New York .
He said developers and public officials in Canada , Europe and South Korea had also expressed interest in the project .
But some have expressed skepticism .
Fisher has never built a skyscraper before .
He says he has teamed up with reputable architects and engineers in the United Kingdom and India .
Although he has received a development license for construction in Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates , he has not disclosed the site of the building .
The Moscow mayor 's office said that it was looking into the project and that a decision had not been made .
Fisher has called prefabricated construction techniques the " future of architecture " and says they will radically transform 4,000 - year - old " brick - on - brick " building methods .
By using preconstructed parts , Fisher said each story could be built in just seven days , resulting in environmentally cleaner building methods .
He said that just 600 people on an assembly site and 80 technicians on the construction site would be needed to build the tower , compared with about 2,000 workers for a traditional project of a comparable scale .
" It is unbelievable that real estate and construction , which is the leading sector of the world economy , is also the most primitive , " Fisher is quoted as saying on Dynamic 's Web site .
" Most workers throughout the world still regularly use trowels that was first used by the Egyptians and then by the Romans .
Buildings should not be different than any other product , and from now on they will be manufactured in a production facility . "
Dubai is experiencing a construction boom , with the Burj tower set to claim the title of the world 's tallest building when it is completed in 2009 .
It is already home to the world 's largest mall , and despite being in the Middle East , it boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world .
All About Architecture • Dubai • Middle East
NO ESCAPE'S Keegan Allen Reveals the Scariest Thing He's Ever Done
Enlarge Getty Images Sarah Palin's speech at the Republican National Convention attracted 37.2 million viewers .
• GOP .
The Republican Convention did better than the Democrats ' , thanks to a three - day average of 34.5 million in the 10 p.m. ET hour across all networks , up from 2004's 22.6 million and from the Democrats ' four - day 30.2 million a week earlier .
Sarah Palin 's speech averaged 37.2 million Wednesday ( NBC's and CBS ' coverage , aired without ads , are n't ranked individually by Nielsen ) , while John McCain 's Thursday address averaged 38.9 million .
That night , Fox News ( 9.2 million ) topped all networks , more than doubling its audience vs.
Obama 's speech , while CNN 's dropped 40 % .
• Zippy code .
The premiere of CW 's 90210 remake scored with 4.7 million viewers Tuesday , while Monday 's second - season opener of Gossip Girl ( 3.4 million ) had its best numbers since last fall 's series premiere .
One Tree Hill followed with 3.2 million , but Wednesday 's America 's Next Top Model ( 3.5 million ) had its worst start since 2003 .
CHARTS : How did other TV shows fare ?
• Raising records .
TNT legal drama Raising the Bar opened Monday with a big 7.7 million viewers , nearly matching its season - high Closer lead - in.
•VMAs up .
MTV's Video Music Awards ( 8.4 million Sunday ) had its best numbers since 2004 .
•NFL .
Top-rated Sunday Night Football ( 18.4 million ) was up slightly vs. last year .
Add Thursday 's game ( 13.5 million ) and NBC clinches the week .
• Bloody .
HBO 's True Blood averaged a modest 1.4 million for Sunday 's debut , while the fifth - season opener for Entourage ( 1.6 million ) was down 27 % from 2.2 million in June 2007 .
• Openers .
Fox stunt show Hole in the Wall ( 7.2 million Sunday ) ; FX 's motorcycle - gang drama Sons of Anarchy ( 2.5 million Wednesday ) and final - season start for The Shield ( a lowest - yet 2.1 million Tuesday ) ; and ABC Family miniseries Samurai Girl ( 1.7 million over three nights ) .
• Icy . History 's Ice Road Truckers wrapped with 2.7 million viewers Sunday , down from 4.8 million for its 2007 finish .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
1954 : With co-stars Akira Takarada and Momoko Kochi ...
1955 : With Toho staff , getting ready for the big show ...
TPM Election Central reports on the contours of the forthcoming deal between the Obama and Hillary camps on her role at the Convention : her nomination will be put to a roll call vote as a symbolic nod to her hard - fought primary campaign , but she will urge her supporters to back Obama .
COVID - 19 : Can Your Business Stop ?
April 8 , 2020
If there was a time to get creative , it is right now .
Never had businesses more of a need to …
Despite early signs of a turn in the housing market , prices still have a long way to fall .
In fact , we 're probably only halfway there .
There 's no perfect valuation metric for houses , but two measures - - price - to - rent and price - to - income - - are the best we know of .
Asha Bangalore of Northern
Trust provides recent charts of both , and a quick glance reveals how expensive house prices still are .
Price To Rent
Asha calculates the price - to - rent ratio using the Case - Shiller price index and the " Owner 's Equivalent Rent " component of the CPI .
The horizontal " means " in her chart are one standard deviation above the long term mean ( i.e. , they 're not the average ... they 're a standard - deviation higher than the average * ) .
The higher mean includes the high prices of the bubble years , and the lower one does n't .
Either way , it 's clear that house prices are still well above their long - term average level relative to rents .
( And do n't forget that prices spend about half the time below the average ) .
Price To Income
Asha 's price - to - income chart compares Case Shiller to Median Household Income :
The median price of an existing single - family home as a percentage of median disposable income rose to a record high of 469.5 % in 2005 , far above the median value of 337.9 % during the history of this series ( 1968 - 2007 ) which includes the inflationary period of the later 1970s and the sharp increase in home prices seen in the first seven years of the current decade .
Excluding the problematic period of the 1970s and the current decade , the median was 336.5 % .
Conclusion
It 's hard to say precisely how far house prices will drop and when they 'll bottom .
But based on these two valuation measures , combined with the rate of decline in house prices , it seems likely that house prices will fall for at least another year and at least as far as they have already ( at least in inflation - adjusted terms ) .
See Also :
Case - Shiller Continues to Show Early Signs of a Turn
* Prices fall within one standard deviation of the mean about two - thirds of the time .
I ’ve just got round to listening to ABC Radio National ’s two part Health Report special on the drug and alcohol dependence and was pleasantly surprised about how well constructed and informative it was .
These sorts of programmes can be a little dry , if you ’ll excuse the pun , but this two - parter in a compelling look into the effects of a number of substances , talks to some addicts in treatment , explores some residential services and discusses the evidence for various treatments .
The interviews are quite revealing and they ’re a good demonstration that addiction is not solely about the drug .
People who become seriously addicted change their lives to accommodate their addiction , and can live quite precariously as a result .
This often alters people ’s behaviour , often in quite an adaptive way considering the unpredictable and dangerous circumstances , but not in a way that is best suited to mainstream life .
For example , one gentleman notes that he had to get out of the habit of lying to people as a short term fix to problems .
This is not a direct effect of the drug , but these sorts of maladaptive behaviours also need to be addressed during treatment for addiction for it to be successful .
Stopping the drug is only a part of the battle – stepping out of an ingrained lifestyle , mindset and pattern of behaviour can be the real challenge .
Addiction is more than just problem with taking too much of a chemical , it ’s equally a social and emotional issue and we are often guilty of downplaying this aspect while clumsily trying to avoid the language of blame .
The pure ‘ disease model ’ , that says addiction is nothing more than a genetic brain disorder triggered by a particular substance , is a case in point .
It is , of course , possible to highlight individual responsibility without victimising people , but this is a difficult task for many in a society that has many double standards over the issue of drug taking .
The situation was wonderfully described in a 2003 article in the Journal of Applied Philosophy that noted that we often accuse addicts of self - deception while pushing our own self - deceptions about addiction as a substitute :
We frequently accuse heavy drinkers and drug users of self - deception if they refuse to admit that they are addicted .
However , given the ways in which we usually conceptualize it , acknowledging addiction merely involves swapping one form of self - deception for another .
We ask addicts to see themselves as in the grip of an irresistible desire , and to accept that addiction is an essentially physiological process .
To the extent this is so , we , as much as the addicts , suffer from self - deception , and the responsibility for their state is in part ours .
Conversely , since addicts are compelled to accept a self - deceptive image of themselves , they are at least partially excused from blame for their self - deception .
Parts one and two of ABC Health Report on drug dependence and treatment .
Link to ‘ Self - Deception and Responsibility for Addiction ’ article .
Link to DOI identifier for article .
Special Event Sen. John McCain Attacks Pat Robertson , Jerry Falwell , Republican Establishment as Harming GOP Ideals Aired February 28 , 2000 - 9:59 a.m. ET THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
DONNA KELLEY , CNN ANCHOR : Right now we want to take you on CNN to Virginia Beach , Virginia , where Senator John McCain is addressing a crowd there .
He plans to blast televangelist Pat Robertson for some phone calls that he had put together in this campaign thus far .
SEN .
JOHN MCCAIN ( R ) , PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : ... of that affiliation , for I have always been proud of the beliefs of our great party , our belief in personal freedom and personal responsibility , our belief in a strong national defense and vigorous and capable world leadership , our belief in small but effective government and in fiscal conservatism .
Most important , I believe in our party , because underlying all our party 's conservative principles is our respect for the nation 's greatness and our appreciation for the ennobling political and social values from which our greatness is derived .
Thus , I have always felt quite comfortable describing myself as a proud conservative , a proud Reagan conservative , and as a member of Congress I have compiled a record of a proud conservative .
I have fought many battles for small government and low taxes , for personal freedom and responsibility for a strong defense of our national interests and values .
I have fought against wasteful spending , whether its patrons were Democrats or Republican .
Moreover , I have proudly defended the sanctity of life and the values that make families strong and our country great .
I fought these battles in good times and bad for our party , and I will fight them for as long as I have the strength to fight .
( APPLAUSE )
Throughout my presidential campaign I remained true to our conservative principles .
It 's conservative to pay down the national debt , to save Social Security ... ( APPLAUSE ) ... to save Social Security and Medicare .
It 's conservative to insist on local control of our children 's education .
( APPLAUSE )
It 's conservative to expose the pork barrel spending practices of both political parties .
( APPLAUSE )
It is conservative to seek to improve the lives of our servicemen and women and the means with which we ask them to defend us , and it is conservative ...
( APPLAUSE )
And it is conservative to demand that America keep its promises to our veterans .
( APPLAUSE )
I run for president , my friends , because I believe deeply in the greatness of America 's destiny .
We are the world 's lantern of freedom and opportunity , the bright beacon of hope that our fathers fought to bequeath us and our children were born to inherit .
But I know , but I know that unless we restore the people 's sovereignty over government and their pride in public service , unless we reform our public institutions to meet the demands of a new day and unless we renew our sense of national purpose , we will squander our destiny .
Toward that end , I have called for the reform of campaign finance practices that have sacrificed our principles to the demands of big money special interests .
I have spoken against ... ( APPLAUSE )
I have spoken against forces that have turned politics into a battle of bucks instead of a battle of ideas , and for that , my friends , and for that , my friends , I have been accused of disloyalty to my party .
I am also proud to help build a bigger Republican Party , a party that can claim a governing majority for a generation or more by attracting new people to our cause , with an appeal to the patriotism that unites us and the promise of a government that we can be proud of again .
And for that ... ( APPLAUSE )
And for that , and for that , I have been accused of consorting with the wrong sort of people .
( LAUGHTER )
Well , well , my friends I 've always -- I 've always acted in what I believe to be the best interest of my country , and I always believed that what is good for America is good for the Republican Party .
( APPLAUSE ) I do n't --
I do n't believe it 's loyal to suggest that the Republican Party cannot stand on its own feet and fight for public opinion without six - and seven - figure contributions from people with interest before government but not necessarily ideas to sustain our country 's greatness .
I do n't believe it 's loyal to suggest that the Republican establishment is more important to save than a Republican majority .
I believe it is the height of foolishness , the height of foolishness to build a wall around our party in fear that we are so narrowly defined that new faces and fresh ideas in accord with our basic principles will jeopardize our values .
America ... ( APPLAUSE ) America is more than the sum of its divided parts , and so our party should be .
America is more powerful than its established power centers , and so our party should be .
America is greater than the accumulation of wealth , and so our party should be .
This is my message to my party and my country .
It is an honest , Republican message that threatens none of our party 's principles or the social values of any constituency in our party .
On the contrary , it is an inclusive but principled message that trusts in the people to guide our nation in this new century .
I am a conservative , my friends , a proud conservative who has faith in the people I serve , but those who purport to be defenders of our party but in who -- who in reality have lost confidence in the Republican message are attacking me .
They are people who have turned good causes into businesses .
Let me be clear , let me be clear .
Evangelical leaders are changing America for the better .
Chuck Colson , head of Prison Fellowship , is saving men from life -- from a lifetime behind bars by bringing them the good news of redemption .
James Dobson , who does not support me , has devoted his life to rebuilding America 's families .
Others are leading the fight against pornography , cultural decline and for life .
I stand with them .
I am a pro-life , pro-family fiscal conservative , an advocate of a strong defense , and yet Pat Robertson , Jerry Falwell and a few Washington leaders of the pro-life movement call me an unacceptable presidential candidate .
They distort my pro- life positions and smear the reputations of my supporters .
Why ?
Because I do n't pander to them , because I do n't ascribe to their failed philosophy that money is our message .
I believe in the cause of conservative reform .
I believe that because we are right we will prevail in the battle of ideas , unspoiled by the taint of a corrupt campaign finance scheme that works against the very conservative reform of government that is the object of our labors .
The Republican Party will prevail ... ( APPLAUSE )
The Republican Party will prevail because of our principles , because that 's what it 's about , my friends : principles , not special - interest money or empire or ego .
( APPLAUSE )
The union bosses .
who have subordinated the interest of working families to their own ambitions , to their desire to preserve their own political power at all costs , are mirror images of Pat Robertson .
Just as we embrace working people , we embrace the fine members of the religious conservative community , but that does not mean that we will pander to their self - appointed leaders .
( APPLAUSE ) Some -- some prefer to build walls and exclude newcomers from our support .
Apparently , appeals to patriotism can only be held by card - carrying Republican , and only certain Republicans at that , not the kind of Republicans who might dissent from the soft - money ethics of a tired party establishment .
Apparently Republican reformers , independent reformers or Democrat reform -- Democratic reformers , any group that might , like the Reagan Democrats of 20 years ago , be attracted to our cause of conservative reform and national greatness are too great a threat to the Washington status quo .
That surprises me , that surprises me since the essence of evangelism is to seek converts .
My campaign is bringing new people into the Republican Party everyday .
( APPLAUSE ) I do n't apologize for this .
No , I wear it as a badge of honor .
I will not padlock the Republican Party and surrender the future of our nation to Speaker Gerhardt and President Al Gore .
( APPLAUSE )
My friends , we 're building a new Republican majority , a majority to serve the values that have long defined our party and made our country great .
Social conservatives should flock to our banner .
Why should you fear a candidate who believes we should honor our obligations to the old and the young ?
Why should you fear a candidate who believes we should first cut taxes for those who need it most ?
Why should you fear a candidate who wants to reform the practices of politics in government so they fairly reflect your aspirations for your family and country ?
Why should you fear a candidate who would sign without hesitation a partial birth adoption -- abortion band , or who would work tirelessly with anyone to improve adoption and foster care choices for those who might be considering the taking of unborn life ?
Why should you fear a candidate ...
( APPLAUSE )
Why should you fear a candidate who shares your values ?
My friends , I am a Reagan Republican who will defeat Al Gore .
( APPLAUSE )
Unfortunately , Governor Bush is a Pat Robertson Republican who will lose to Al Gore .
( APPLAUSE )
I recognize and celebrate that our country is founded upon Judeo - Christian values , and I have pledged my life to defend America and all her values , the values that have made us the noblest experiment in history .
But public -- but political intolerance by any political party is neither a Judeo - Christian nor an American value .
The political ...
( APPLAUSE )
The political tactics of division and slander are not our values , they are ...
( APPLAUSE )
They are corrupting influences on religion and politics , and those who practice them in the name of religion or in the name of the Republican Party or in the name of America shame our faith , our party and our country .
( APPLAUSE )
Neither party should be defined by pandering to the outer reaches of American politics and the agents of intolerance , whether they be Louis Farrakhan or Al Sharpton on the left , or Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell on the right .
( APPLAUSE )
Many years ago , a scared American prisoner of war in Vietnam was tied in torture robes by his tormenters and left alone in an empty room to suffer through the night .
Later in the evening , a guard he had never spoken to entered the room and silently loosened the ropes to relieve his suffering .
Just before morning , that same guard came back and re-tightened the ropes before his less humanitarian comrades returned .
He never said a word to the grateful prisoner , but some months later on a Christmas morning as the prisoner stood alone in the prison courtyard , the same Good Samaritan walked up to him and stood next to him for a few moments .
Then with his sandal , the guard drew a cross in the dirt .
Both prisoner and guard stood wordlessly there for a minute or two venerating the cross until the guard rubbed it out and walked away .
This is my faith , the faith that unites and never divides , the faith that bridges unbridgeable gaps in humanity .
That is my religious faith and it is the faith I want my party to serve , and the faith I hold in my country .
It is the faith that we are all equal and endowed by our creator with unalienable rights to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
It is the faith I would die to defend .
Do n't let ... ( APPLAUSE )
Do n't let anyone fool you about me , my friends , or about this crusade that we have begun .
If you want to repair the people 's confidence in the government that represents us , join us .
If you want to restore the people 's pride in America , join us .
If you want to believe in a national purpose that is greater than our individual interests , join us .
( APPLAUSE )
We are the party of Ronald Reagan , not Pat Robertson .
We are the party ...
( APPLAUSE )
We are the party of Theodore Roosevelt , not the party of special interests .
We are ... ( APPLAUSE )
We are the party of Abraham Lincoln , not ... ( APPLAUSE )
We are the party of Abraham Lincoln , not Bob Jones .
( APPLAUSE ) Join us , join us , join us and welcome anyone of good faith to our ranks .
We should be , we must be , we will be a party as big as the country we serve .
Thank you and God bless , and thank you for being here today .
KELLEY : Senator John McCain with some strong and blunt comments today about several evangelical leaders .
He says he believes that some of them are changing things for the better , but he did name several : Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell , but really particularly , Pat Robertson .
Just to refresh your memory , Pat Robertson made phone calls about McCain .
And in those , he said that McCain had chosen a man as his national campaign chairman , a vicious bigot who wrote that conservative Christian politics are antiabortion zealots , homophobes and would - be censors , and they have argued back and forth about that time and time again since that happened .
The Virginia Republican primary is tomorrow and Mr. McCain saying that he is inclusive and conservative , several times going through issues where he stood , saying he was a proud conservative , a Reagan conservative , and saying that what was good for America was good for the Republican Party , that he is bringing new people into the Republican Party everyday .
Then he talked about his values against Pat Robertson particularly , and putting his images almost on the power with union bosses saying they were using political tactics and slander and corrupting influences , including money , would " shame our faith and our party and our country , " and that his faith unites not divides .
Joining us is our Washington bureau chief , Frank Sesno , with a bit more .
Frank , I know you 've talked to the McCain campaign as well this morning .
FRANK SESNO , CNN WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF :
Well , they say , Donna , that what they were trying to do with this speech was to do several things .
One is to reassure Republicans , to reaffirm John McCain 's conservative and Republican credentials .
But this was a very bold speech and , by the campaign 's own acknowledgment , a big risk because what he 's doing is he 's attempting to tell Republicans who will vote in these primaries that he , John McCain , is one of them , that he 's a " Reagan Republican , " to quote him , as he invoked several times , while at the same time , he 's taking on what he referred to as the " tired Republican Party establishment . "
He was n't merely taking on Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell , he was taking on this Republican Party establishment .
McCain is saying that he is capable of creating this new " McCain majority , " as he refers to it .
It would involve and include Independents and Democrats , as we have seen , but it also depends upon for its success McCain 's ability to connect with and attract the votes of registered Republicans .
He 's counting on the fact that those registered Republicans do n't approve of some of the rhetoric they 've heard from Pat Robertson and others , and , with the reassurance that he provided today , that he is , as he said , this " Reagan Republican , " that he can gain some traction .
It was a remarkable speech .
KELLEY : All right , Frank Sesno , our Washington bureau chief , thanks much .
SESNO : Sure .
KELLEY : And I 'm sure we 'll be seeing you more later .
TO ORDER A VIDEO OF THIS TRANSCRIPT , PLEASE CALL 800-CNN - NEWS OR USE OUR SECURE ONLINE ORDER FORM LOCATED AT www.fdch.com
Danish ISPs have rejected proposals from the IFPI for a " 3 - strikes and you 're out " policy to deal with illicit file - sharers .
In a joint statement , the telecoms companies said that they would not be a part of " detection and monitoring " activities and that the solution to piracy should come from elsewhere .
Efforts to reach a voluntary agreement between the IFPI and ISPs in Denmark on the issue of unauthorized file - sharing have failed .
The telecoms companies have completely rejected the demands of the music industry .
The IFPI wanted to be able to hunt down file - sharers , report them to their ISP and have them implement a so - called “ 3 strikes ” policy .
They proposed that the first time someone got caught sharing copyrighted files , they would receive a warning from the ISP , the second time they would have their Internet connection slowed down .
After a third warning , or strike , the user would be disconnected from his ISP and banished from the Internet .
ISPs in the UK recently reached an agreement with the IFPI to send out warnings to alleged file - sharers , but rejected any further sanctions against their customers such as speed capping or disconnection .
However , according to a Comon report , the Danish ISPs have rejected the proposals completely .
They say they will not take part in “ detection and monitoring activities ” and believe that the proposals would constitute a contravention of the law , and would upset the balance between the interests of the individual and economic interests .
“ The Internet must be protected as a credible media , where each citizen can feel comfortable with the certainty that he will be on an equal footing with other media , such as confidentiality of correspondence in the mail , etc , ” said the statement .
“ The proposals that have been seen by others in the European debate , which have also been raised in Denmark – for example , to disconnect users or deny users Internet access – will counteract this objective , and is in no way proportionate to the situation . ”
President of the Telecommunications Industry Association Jens Ottosen says the plan presented by the IFPI to the Ministry of Culture has a number of serious weaknesses .
He believes that the rights holders cannot accurately identify people who are engaged in unauthorized file - sharing .
Among other things , the IFPI model of warning / slowing / disconnecting an IP address , NOT a person , means that even if the owner of an Internet connection did nothing wrong , they would be the one who got punished .
Those who are the victim of a wireless hacking are equally vulnerable , something which the ISPs are n’t prepared to accept , and neither are the courts .
“ We are very divided , ” said Ottosen .
When asked if there is a chance of reaching any type of voluntary agreement with the music industry , he added , “ I ca n’t imagine . ”
Thanks to Peter_Pan
Today , we are listing 17 online free web based applications that are very helpful for you to process your daily work .
Whether you are designer , developer , office worker , manager , supervisor , student , home user , etc .
But we make sure to add something interesting for everyone .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
Just take a look at them and share your thought here .
You are welcome to share if you know more free online web based application that our readers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed
You maybe interested in these older posts
21 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Would Love To Use Every Day !
23 Free And Online Web Based Applications Specially If You Are Designer Or Developer
TweetLater
With TweetLater you can schedule future tweets for all your twitter accounts .
Keep your
Twitter stream ticking over with new tweets even when you ’re not in front of your computer .
Or , use it as your personal reminder system .
Screencast - O- Matic
Screencast - O- Matic is the free and easy way to create a video recording of your screen ( aka screencast ) and upload it for free hosting all from your browser with no install !
Site - Perf
With Site - Perf.com , you get an accurate , realistic , and helpful estimation of your site ’s loading speed .
The script fully emulates natural browser behaviour downloading your page with all the images , CSS , JS and other files â€œ just like a regular user .
TextReminders
TextReminders.net is a free service that allows you to send out free text messages ( sms ) to others .
Use the form below to send out an immediate text message to a friend .
It wo n’t cost you anything to send the text message , however standard text messaging rates my apply to the receiver .
Letterfu
Letterfu is a website that provides you foldable letter templates .
You can take their print out .
You will need to choose the template you like , print it , write message on it and finally just fold it according to the instructions on the website before sending to anyone .
That means you will no need for the envelope anymore .
Yammer
Yammer is a tool for making companies and organizations more productive through the exchange of short frequent answers to one simple question : “ What are you working on ? ”
As employees answer that question , a feed is created in one central location enabling co-workers to discuss ideas , post news , ask questions , and share links and other information .
DrawAnywhere
DrawAnywhere is an online diagramming website , where you can draw , modify and share flowcharts and other diagrams , with the look & feel of a desktop application .
It runs on any browser with Flash 9 installed .
There is no need to download software .
It is an always - on - access - anywhere solution .
It meets all your diagramming needs purchasing expensive software .
tinymail.me
Tinymail is an anti spam blocker and protection tool which secures and blocks out your email address from bots and stops junk mail from cluttering your Outlook Exchange , Gmail , Yahoo client .
Quarkbase
Quarkbase is a free tool to find complete information about a website .
It is a mashup of over 30 data sources and many algorithms gathering information from Internet on various topics like social popularity , traffic , associated people , etc .
Broong
Broong is an online social note service that lets people search , create and share multimedia content via a quick note from anywhere with everyone .
People use Broong to search , create and share their thoughts , videos and pictures across multiple platforms over desktop and mobile devices .
formatpixel
Create your own online magazines , fanzines , brochures , catalogs , portfolios and more .
Using the formatpixel online editor you too can design page based projects , layout text , upload your own images , add interactivity and customise their appearance .
pleasenotify.me
pleasenotify .me is a simple , free service to let you send tasks to people , and be notified when they ’re done .
You can use the form to email someone a task .
If they do n’t mark it complete by the time you specify , both of you will be notified .
You ’ll both be reminded daily until it ’s finally completed .
It ’s the simplest project management imaginable .
AbouThiSite
This website can help you to find out who is the owner of any website , where are the server located and other websites name hosted on the same server etc
kissa.be
This is really helpful and interesting multipurpose web application that integrates 3 useful features in one website .
These are URL shortener , email “ mailto ” link protector and a tool that helps you overcome max .
character limitation .
SantexQ
SantexQ , or “ the Q ” as you like to call it , is a web - based tool created to assist businesses in the detail - driven world of time and task management .
Designed to enhance team efficiency , the Q keeps the critical information close by : the progress reports , deadlines and time budgets for all of your projects … all available at a glance .
Anyvite
Anyvite is a site designed to give you the necessary tools to quickly and effectively coordinate plans with your friends , without any unnecessary or confusing features to slow you down .
Zapproved
Zapproved is a lightweight Web tool that makes group decision - making faster , easier and more accountable .
It is a unique solution that introduces peer - to - peer and organizational techniques to improve the process of building consensus .
Oy
Sarah Silverman 's plug for The Great Schlep , a push to get college students to campaign for Obama among their Jewish grandparents .
Mark Halperin challenges you not to laugh .
Twelve states , including New York , are suing the Environmental Protection Agency over greenhouse gas emissions from oil refineries .
The lawsuit , led by Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo of New York , accuses the agency of violating the federal Clean Air Act by refusing to issue standards , known as new source performance standards , for controlling the emissions .
“ The E.P.A. ’s refusal to control pollution from oil refineries is the latest example of the Bush administration ’s do - nothing policy on global warming , ” Mr. Cuomo said in a news release .
“ Oil refineries contribute substantially to global warming , posing grave threats to New York ’s environment , health and economy . ”
In a ruling last year , the Supreme Court found that the agency had the power to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act .
Since then , the agency ’s director has said it is the job of Congress to regulate them .
Over 800 years ago , an instrument started to appear in the Middle East and in Western Europe called a hurdy gurdy .
The hurdy gurdy was operated with a crank , and moved a rosin - coated wheel which “ bowed ” the strings of the instrument .
Fast forward to 1998 , when Tiger Electronics started producing a very strange children ’s toy called the Furby , which sold many tens of millions of units , resulting in a failed attempt to take over the world .
Well , some crazy person had the bright idea to combine these two weird things into – you guessed it : A Furby Gurdy .
The Furby Gurdy combines the “ guts ” of 4 Furby toys which can be made to produce music noise one after another by winding a handle , similar to a regular hurdy gurdy .
Each of the little Furbys has been genetically modified ( circuit bent ) by adding new connections and controls which create all sorts of new and wonderful sounds .
As the wheel is cranked , four wheels operate four switches each – the sequence is created or modified by adding or removing elements from 12 screw holes around the wheels .
Each Furby has six controls :
Mute
Loop Hold ( repeats a short loop of audio )
Loop momentary ( repeats a loop once )
Switch the sequence between the screws and gaps between the screws
Crash – makes the Furby go crazy
Reset
See video here .
There are also sockets on the back for audio out and a trigger out to control external devices ( the video shows it controlling a Korg synthesizer ) .
Check this out to see pictures of the building process .
If you ’re quick , you might still see the listing on Ebay for a Furby Gurdy .
If you ’d rather see a pikachu suffer the consequences of circuit bending , take a look at this .
Also , check out the BBC piece on the guy who makes them .
Iran is already under UN sanctions for its nuclear activities The European Union has agreed new financial sanctions aimed at pressuring Iran to halt uranium enrichment .
The new measures freeze all assets of the Bank Melli , Iran 's biggest bank , within the EU .
Last week the EU 's foreign policy chief Javier Solana offered new incentives to Tehran - but has not received a reply .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful , but is defying a demand from the UN that it stop the enrichment of uranium .
The UN Security Council approved a third round of sanctions against Iran over the issue in March 2008 .
Blacklist Western officials have accused Bank Melli of providing services to Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes .
Q&A : Iran nuclear issue Iran 's nuclear sites West keep Iran channel open The United States placed the bank on its blacklist last year , a measure that allows the freezing of any assets found in the US .
Existing UN Security Council sanctions block the sale to Iran of equipment and technology related to nuclear activities .
They also ban the sale of so - called dual - use items , and call on governments to withdraw financial backing from companies trading with Iran , and prevent dealings with an Iranian state bank and a number of named individuals and organisations .
Incentives Earlier this month , Russia , China , the UK , France and Germany , renewed a package of incentives to Iran to try to encourage the opening of negotiations .
Under the package , talks can start about a long - term agreement on Iran 's nuclear programme if Iran halts uranium enrichment .
Also on offer is recognition of Iran 's right to develop nuclear energy for peaceful purposes and the treatment of Iran in " the same manner " as other states under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Iran would get help with developing nuclear power stations and be guaranteed fuel for them .
It would also be offered trade concessions , including the possible lifting of US sanctions preventing it from buying new civilian aircraft and parts .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
If you are asking about the line of Presidential succession if the President dies in office or resigns , it is the President , VP , Speaker of the House , President Pro-Tempore of the Senate and then the Secretary of the Cabinets , in the order of their creation , with Sec. of State first .
Since the ratification of the 25th Amendment , if there is a vacancy in the office of VP , the President nominates a VP who then takes office upon confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress .
Grossly unfair , unreliable , biased , and pretty much delusional rants and ravings on Lisp from a simple working application programmer .
During the Olympics , on one of the many channels showing the events , we happened to catch part of the men 's marathon .
Soon after , I began the typical Q&A with my kids that accompanied the viewing of every competition :
Which athlete is from the U.S. ?
What place is the U.S. athlete in ?
What do they have to do to win ?
Those of you with grade - school - aged kids will understand when I tell you that these are just a few of the many , many questions that six - year - olds ask ... often , on an hourly basis .
But I do my best to answer them all .
When I tried to explain the distance of a marathon , they had a hard time grasping it - such are the failings of a young mind .
Time , distance and other spatial concepts are difficult to grasp because of a young child 's cognitive ability and lack of reference .
I tried putting it in terms of how many times we would have to run to the grandparents ' house and back .
I tried to make the same example , using trips to school .
Both explanations were met with blank stares .
So I considered driving the distance of a marathon to help them understand .
But then I realized that this effort would also be wasted , since , during car trips , the mind wanders , arguments break out and lost marbles or army men are often found and put to use .
So I decided on the next best solution : I would make my kids run a marathon .
Now , before you report me to Children 's Social Services , let me tell you that there 's a catch : we 're not going to run it all at once .
Rather , we 're going to break it up into many manageable pieces .
Our good friends live a quarter of a mile down the street .
Every time we go to play with them , we 're going to run down there , play and then run back .
And after about 52 trips , we 'll have done it .
Granted , it 's a tall order and - maybe - they still wo n't understand the enormity of a marathon 's length , but they will have a better understanding .
Plus , they 'll be off the couch and exercising ... and that 's an event worth competing in .
American International Group Inc. was facing a severe cash crunch last night as ratings agencies cut the firm 's credit ratings , forcing the giant insurer to raise $ 14.5 billion to cover its obligations .
With AIG now tottering , a crisis that began with falling home prices and went on to engulf Wall Street has reached one of the world 's largest insurance companies , threatening to intensify the financial storm and greatly complicate the government 's efforts to contain it .
The company , whose stock fell 61 % yesterday , is such a ...
( CNN ) -- Abe Vigoda found out he was dead in 1982 .
He was doing a play in Calgary , Alberta , while a People magazine writer visited the " Barney Miller " wrap party in Los Angeles , California .
" The Godfather " was Abe Vigoda 's first film -- and more than 35 years later , he 's still around to enjoy it .
" Somehow it mentioned in the article that ' the late Abe Vigoda ' was not [ there ] , " Vigoda recalls .
The error was corrected , but the damage had been done .
Vigoda 's " Barney Miller " character -- the decrepit , downcast Det. Phil Fish -- did n't help the image .
Never mind that the real Vigoda was a vigorous man just turning 60 at the time ; the question of whether he 's shuffled off this mortal coil has followed him around ever since .
There 's even a Web site devoted to his life - or - death status .
But Vigoda takes the attention with good humor ( and occasional appearances on " Late Night with Conan O'Brien " ) .
Now 87 , he can look back on a successful career with at least two immortal characters : Fish and the " Godfather " lieutenant , Sal Tessio .
Vigoda was a successful New York stage actor when " Godfather " director Francis Ford Coppola came calling .
( Among his credits : Robert Shaw 's 1968 play " The Man in the Glass Booth , " with F. Murray Abraham . )
Though he had n't read the book -- and was Jewish , not Italian -- he had a presence Coppola liked , and was finally cast as Tessio .
" The Godfather " -- now in a digitally pristine " Coppola Restoration " DVD edition , out Tuesday -- was Vigoda 's first movie , and it was an experience he greatly enjoyed .
Every day , a car would pick him up at his apartment to take him to the location ; at makeup , he 'd sit near Marlon Brando .
" I found him to be a quiet man .
He kept mostly to himself , " Vigoda recalls .
" I respected his privacy .
He was a great star .
This was my first big thing -- I felt lucky and grateful I was with these people . "
More amusing were some of the people on the set , actual members of New York Mob families .
" They kept looking at me , as if to say , ' What family is he from ? ' " Vigoda says .
" It was fascinating . "
After " The Godfather " came out , people started confusing Vigoda with his character .
In one case , he was driving with his wife in Los Angeles when a police car pulled him over .
One officer asked for his license ; his partner glowered at Vigoda , gun drawn .
" He said , ' You look familiar to me . ' ... I said , ' My name is Abe Vigoda , I 'm an actor . '
And he said , ' Oh !
Tom , this is Abe Vigoda , the actor .
So good to see you .
Go ahead and have a good time in L.A. , ' " Vigoda says .
" These were the incidents that followed ' The Godfather . ' "
" The Godfather " changed Vigoda 's life .
He was quickly offered a movie of the week , then the role of Fish on " Miller , " a character eventually spun off into his own show .
He 's had roles in " The Cheap Detective , " " Look Who 's Talking " and " Joe Versus the Volcano , " as well as the occasional TV guest appearance .
And -- have no fear -- he 's still in good shape .
For years , Vigoda was a top New York handball player , and he still plays .
" I 'm still quite [ involved ] , " he says .
" Which has helped me with my coordination all my life , including with my theater work .
Coordination is the key in getting things done correctly . "
All About Late Night with Conan O'Brien • Conan O'Brien
" No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public , "
" monkey "
Anti-Intellectualism in American Life
" common sense "
" intellectuals . "
" I'm a teacher . "
" I sell hydraulic couplers ,
Are You Smarter Than a Fifth - Grader ?
Just How Stupid Are We? : Facing the Truth About the American Voter ( 2008 )
What 's the Matter With Kansas ? : How Conservatives
Won the Heart of America ( 2004 ) ,
The Assault on Reason ( 2007 )
Most notably , Gore argues that the democratization of information and the community - building power of the Internet can play important roles in the creation of a " well - connected " citizenry and the restoration of a rational democracy .
Nevertheless , several books — with an emphasis on education and the young — argue that it is precisely the point - and - click culture of the Internet that is damaging our intelligence and our civic culture .
Always On : Language in an Online and Mobile World ( 2008 )
The Big Switch : Rewiring the World , From Edison to Google ( 2008 )
The Dumbest Generation : How the Digital Age Stupefies Young Americans and Jeopardizes Our Future ( 2008 ) ,
" looks dim "
The Age of American Unreason ( 2008 ) ,
" needing "
" digital natives . "
said H.L. Mencken in the era of Babbitt and the Scopestrial .
Several generations later , one might speculate that no publisher has ever lost money with a book accusing Americans — particularly young ones — of being stupid .
The most influential book in that genre is surely Richard Hofstadter 's ( 1963 ) , in which he argues that the American dislike for educational elitism derives from a number of interlocking cultural legacies , including religious fundamentalism , populism , the privileging ofover esoteric knowledge , the pragmatic values of business and science , and the cult of the self - made man .
With some cyclical variation , Americans tend to distrust , resent , and even feel moral revulsion towardAs an English professor , I can attest to the power of that element in American culture , as can just about anyone in any academic field without direct , practical applications .
When a stranger asks me what I do , I usually just say , The unfortunate follow - up remarks — usually about political bias in the classroom and sham apologies for their poor grammar meant to imply that I am a snob — usually make me wish I had said , " an answer more likely to produce hums of respectful incomprehension .
If the situation was bad in Hofstadter 's time , it 's grown steadily worse over the past 40 years .
The anti-intellectual legacy he described has often been used by the political right — since at least the McCarthy era — to label any complication of the usual pieties of patriotism , religion , and capitalism as subversive , dangerous , and un-American .
And , one might add , the left has its own mirror - image dogmas .
Now , in the post - 9/11 era , American anti-intellectualism has grown more powerful , pervasive , and dangerous than at any time in our history , and we have a duty — particularly as educators — to foster intelligence as a moral obligation .
For academics on the political left , the last eight years represent the sleep of reason producing the monsters of our time : suburban McMansions , gas - guzzling Hummers , pop evangelicalism , the triple - bacon cheeseburger , , creation science , waterboarding , environmental apocalypse , Miley Cyrus , and the Iraq War — all presided over by that twice - elected , self - satisfied , inarticulate avatar of American incuriosity and hubris : he who shall not be named . , by Richard Shenkman , argues that the dumbing down of our political culture is linked to the decline of organized labor and local party politics , which kept members informed on matters of substance .
Building on arguments put forward in books such asby Thomas Frank , Shenkman shows how the political right has been able to don the populist mantle even as it pursues policies that thwart the economic and social interests of the average voter .
Meanwhile , the political left is unable to argue that those average Americans are in some way responsible for their own exploitation because they are too shallow and misinformed — too stupid — to recognize their own interests .
One of Shenkman 's solutions is to require voters to pass a civics exam .
Former Vice President Al Gore obviously has a dog in this hunt , and his bookargues that the fundamental principles of American freedom — descended from the Enlightenment — are being corrupted by the politics of fear , the abuse of faith , the power of an increasingly centralized media culture , and degradation of political checks and balances favoring an imperial presidency .
The results of that perfect storm include the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , the continuing threat of global warming , the squandering of respect and sympathy for the United States after 9/11 , and the nation 's dependence on foreign oil . , by Naomi S. Baron , shows how the proliferation of electronic communication has impaired students ' ability to write formal prose ; moreover , it discourages direct communication , leading to isolation , self - absorption , and damaged relationships .
Worst of all , the prevalence of multi-tasking — of always being partly distracted , doing several things at once — has diminished the quality of our thought , reflection , self - expression , and even , surprisingly , our productivity .
Baron 's solution is to turn off the distractions and focus on the task and people at hand .
Carr , author of , argues that daily use of the Internet may be rewiring our brains for skimming rather than for the sustained concentration that is required for reading books , listening to lectures , and writing long essays .
Obviously , such rewiring is going to have the biggest impact on the rising generation appearing in our college classrooms : the " digital natives . " by Mark Bauerlein , provides alarming statistical support for the suspicion — widespread among professors ( including me ) — that young Americans are arriving at college with diminished verbal skills , an impaired work ethic , an inability to concentrate , and a lack of knowledge even as more and more money is spent on education .
It seems that our students are dumb and ignorant , but their self - esteem is high so they are impervious or hostile to criticism .
Approaching his subject from the right , Bauerlein mentions the usual suspects — popular culture , pandering by educators , the culture war , etc. — but also reserves special attention for the digital technologies , which , for all their promise , have only more deeply immersed students in the peer obsessions of entertainment and fashion rather than encouraging more mature and sustained thought about politics , history , science , and the arts .
For Bauerlein , the future of American democracyunless we can counter the youth culture with respect for the knowledge of those over 30 .
The most wide - ranging cultural study — extending Hofstadter 's analysis up to the present — is Susan Jacoby ' sin which she argues that American anti-intellectualism has reached unprecedented heights thanks to the converging influences of junk science , fundamentalism , celebrity - obsessed media , identity politics , urban - gang culture , political correctness , declining academic standards , moral relativism , political pandering , and the weakening of investigative journalism , among other factors .
Jacoby also supports the view that technology has damaged our ability to focus and think deeply .
Her vision of the future is a nation that is unprepared for the global challenges we face .
As someone involved in education , I take the concerns of all of those writers quite seriously :
The abilities and attitudes of students affect my life on a daily basis .
It is my job , as I see it , to combat ignorance and foster the skills and knowledge needed to produce intelligent , ethical , and productive citizens .
I see too many students who are : * Primarily focused on their own emotions — on the primacy of their " feelings " — rather than on analysis supported by evidence .
* Uncertain what constitutes reliable evidence , thus tending to use the most easily found sources uncritically .
* Convinced that no opinion is worth more than another :
All views are equal .
* Uncertain about academic honesty and what constitutes plagiarism .
( I recently had a student defend herself by claiming that her paper was more than 50 percent original , so she should receive that much credit , at least . )
* Unable to follow or make a sustained argument .
* Uncertain about spelling and punctuation ( and skeptical that such skills matter ) .
* Hostile to anything that is not directly relevant to their career goals , which are vaguely understood .
*Increasingly interested in the social and athletic above the academic , whileto receive very high grades .
* Not really embarrassed at their lack of knowledge and skills .
*Certain that any academic failure is the fault of the professor rather than the student .
On the other hand , I am not so pessimistic about the abilities of the Different generations have different ways of knowing — different configurations of multiple intelligences .
Pick your era and your subject :
How many of us know anything about farming anymore or how to read the changing of the seasons ?
How many of us know how to repair an automobile or make a cake from scratch ?
Of course , we lament that the skills we have acquired at great pains can become lost to the next generation , but we can hardly reverse all of it .
And it may be that the young are better adapted to what is coming than we are .
- Thomas H. Benton ( Excerpt : " An Academic in America : On Stupidity , " The Chronicle of Higher Education , 8.1.08 .
Image : " Fahrenheit 451 " ( based on the novel by Ray Bradbury ) directed by Francois Truffaut , 1966 ) .
Well , he 's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog .
Actually , replace " accidentally " with " repeatedly , " and replace " dog " with " son . "
i Robot has a moderate hit on its hands with Scooba , its floor mopping robot for homes .
Not surprisingly , the company wants to extend the Scooba idea to other settings .
Its latest patent application is for a robotic floor cleaner " adapted to allow sterile cleaning of sensitive environments , such as a hospital room . "
The company believes the device could also be extended for use in other settings such as laboratories .
The robot called Floor Genie would have cleaning devices such as vacuum heads , brushes , cleaning fluid sprays , and sanitizing devices such as a UV germicidal light , says the patent .
It is an interesting extension .
Hospitals with their stringent sanitary needs seem a natural market for the automated cleaning products .
But even if successful , the Floor Genie will likely be just a small step forward for iRobot .
The product is still quite niche .
iRobot has n't said anything about the Floor Genie yet .
The patent was filed in July 2006 though it was published just earlier this month .
Photo from iRobot 's patent application
via Robot Stock News
Jammie Thomas is off the hook — at least for the time being .
Judge Michael J. Davis has overturned a federal jury 's copyright infringement verdict and award of $ 222,000 in damages to the RIAA .
The verdict was handed down last October after a three - day trial and a few hours of deliberations .
Judge Davis determined that he gave the jury an erroneous instruction on the question of whether making a file available for download over a P2P network violated the record labels ' distribution right under the Copyright Act .
The original jury instructions said that it was n't , but , after a hearing outside of the presence of the jury , Judge Davis amended the instruction to follow the RIAA 's theory that making a file available equals infringement .
After becoming aware of some case law in the Eighth Circuit , Judge Davis invited both parties to submit briefs on the matter , and held oral arguments in August at which he indicated he was leaning towards overturning the verdict and ordering a new trial .
In a 43 - page decision ( PDF ) released late Thursday , Judge Davis wrote that the jury instruction in question was inaccurate .
At issue was what he described as the " plain meaning " of distribution .
" The Court 's examination of the use of the term ' distribution ' in other provisions of the Copyright Act , as well as the evolution of liability for offers to sell in the analogous Patent Act , lead to the conclusion that the plain meaning of the term ' distribution ' does not includ[e ] making available and , instead , requires actual dissemination , " reads Judge Davis ' opinion .
The ruling also deals with the right of publication under the Copyright Act .
In another P2P case where the judge ruled on the same issue , he decided that making a file available violates the copyright holder 's right of publication and therefore infringed the record labels ' copyrights .
Judge Davis disagreed with that reasoning .
" A review of the Copyright Act as a whole also supports the conclusion that publication and distribution remain distinct concepts , " wrote the judge .
" While a publication effected by distributing copies or phonorecords of the work is a distribution , a publication effected by merely offering to distribute copies or phonorecords to the public is merely an offer of distribution , not an actual distribution . "
Another issue raised by Thomas in her appeal was the question of excessive damages .
Because a new trial is in the works due to flawed jury instructions , Judge Davis did not rule on the damages issue .
He did , however , have some strong words for Congress .
The Copyright Act is in need of fixing , he argues , because the punishment does n't fit the crime .
P2P users are subject of fines of up to $ 30,000 per act of infringement , despite the fact that their copyright infringement was n't for commercial gain .
It 's worth quoting at length :
The statutory damages awarded against Thomas are not a deterrent against those who pirate music in order to profit ...
Thomas 's conduct was motivated by her desire to obtain the copyrighted music for her own use .
The Court does not condone Thomas 's actions , but it would be a farce to say that a single mother 's acts of using Kazaa are the equivalent , for example , to the acts of global financial firms illegally infringing on copyrights in order to profit in the securities market .
While the Court does not discount Plaintiffs ' claim that , cumulatively , illegal downloading has far ?
reaching effects on their businesses , the damages awarded in this case are wholly disproportionate to the damages suffered by Plaintiffs .
Thomas allegedly infringed on the copyrights of 24 songs — the equivalent of approximately three CDs , costing less than $ 54 , and yet the total damages awarded is $ 222,000 — more than five hundred [ emphasis his ] times the cost of buying 24 separate CDs and more than four thousand times the cost of three CDs ...
Unfortunately , by using Kazaa , Thomas acted like countless other Internet users .
Her alleged acts were illegal , but common .
Her status as a consumer who was not seeking to harm her competitors or make a profit does not excuse her behavior .
But it does make the award of hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages unprecedented and oppressive .
A handful of P2P defendants have argued that the damages sought by the RIAA are unconstitutionally excessive .
So far , there has yet to be a definitive ruling on the issue , and some of the cases in which the issue has been raised have been dismissed by the RIAA or settled .
But it 's clear that some judges are uncomfortable with the prospect of defendants being forced to pay five - and six - figure judgments for sharing files on a P2P network .
In a statement given to Ars , RIAA spokesman Jonathan Lamy said the ruling was n't unexpected .
" We have confidence in our case and the facts assembled against the defendant , " said Lamy .
" As with all our illegal downloading cases , we have evidence of actual distribution — an assertion this court and others nationwide have made clear constitutes infringement . "
With Wednesday 's ruling , the stage is set for a repeat of last year 's trial , but this time with a different set of jury instructions .
The judge did toss the RIAA a significant bone , ruling that the MediaSentry downloads could be used as evidence of copyright infringement in another trial — despite the fact that they were made by the rightsholders ' authorized agent .
There 's also significant evidence tying Thomas to the KaZaA account at the heart of the case .
Still , the ruling was another crushing blow to the RIAA 's pet legal theory that simply making a file available over KaZaA , LimeWire , or anywhere is enough to prove copyright infringement .
A new trial could result in a repeat of last year 's verdict — although the inevitable appeal might allow a judge to rule on the question of excessive damages — but for now , the slate is clean , and the victory the RIAA trumpeted last fall is no more .
McCain may campaign on the " immorality " of abortion , but the policies he supports seem to lead to lots more of them .
Is n't it time for Obama to turn the tables ?
Obama has a huge opportunity to
win over an unlikely voting bloc : pro-life voters .
The debate over
reproductive rights has for decades existed in the abstract ; it ’s been
a back and forth volley over " values " that ’s heavy on emotion and light
on fact .
But the facts reveal surprising truths and they ought to be
hammered home by Obama .
The data show that the pro-choice approach is
more effective at achieving what the American public views as
" pro-life " goals — i.e. reducing the number of abortions , preventing late
term abortion — than the so - called " pro-life " approach .
McCain may campaign on the " immorality " of abortion but the policies
he supports seem to lead to lots more of them .
Is n’t it time to turn
the tables ?
Obama should hold McCain and and other anti-choice leaders
accountable for their failure to find solutions to the high rates of
unintended pregnancy and abortion .
He has the opportunity to change the
debate .
It ’s not about abortion ; it ’s about preventing unwanted
pregnancy .
And it is the pro-choice movement that is finding effective ways to
do that .
This is the unacknowledged fact that should be broadcast loud
and clear during this election campaign .
Here ’s the message :
It ’s
pro-choice policies that result in dramatic declines in the need for
abortion .
That ’s a truth both pro-choice and pro-life voters would be
interested to know .
The pro-choice movement , and pro-choice politicians , alone champion
wider access to birth control , and birth control is the only proven way
to reduce unintended pregnancy and abortion .
Obama should n’t get sucked
into the silly debate about whether the Pill is an abortifacient since
even the anti-abortion movement ’s most respected physicians agree
there ’s no scientific evidence that it is .
He should ask why McCain
has n’t championed campaigns to reduce unwanted pregnancies .
The
electorate should be reminded that it ’s the pro-choice movement and
pro-choice elected officials that have fought for health insurance
coverage for contraception as well as to bring new and more effective
contraceptives to market .
( Emergency contraception , for instance . )
Also , let ’s not forget that the birth control pill itself is available
to Americans entirely because of the efforts of the pro-choice movement .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Check out any NARAL affiliate ’s agenda and you ’ll see that most
pro-choice work is devoted to increasing access to prevention .
Up until
Bush ordered it removed , the Centers for Disease Control ’s website had
a " Programs that Work " area for sex education programs that
quantitative data showed resulted in reductions in the teem pregnancy
and STD rates .
Every program was comprehensive sex-ed , the kind
promoted by the pro-choice movement .
Not one was abstinence - only , the
program that preaches that teens simply should n’t have sex , which
" pro-life " forces favor .
Obama supports the comprehensive sex-ed
programs that have been proven to work , McCain supports
no - sex - until - marriage programs which have been proven to fail .
Obama could remind the voter that only 11 % of sexually active women
do n’t use contraception and from this 11 % comes 50 % of the nation ’s
abortions .
Ninety - one percent of the American public strongly favors
contraception because of this very reason .
Very few voters are aware ,
however , that not one pro-life organization in the United States
supports contraception .
Or that instead , pro-life groups have been
spearheading campaigns to prevent Americans from accessing birth
control .
No less than 80 % of self - described pro-life voters strongly
support contraception .
Few know that McCain has a long legislative
resume devoted to voting against access to contraception and prevention .
McCain and the right to life movement may have sanctimony on their
side but , so far , sanctimony has proven ineffective in preventing
abortion .
Study after study suggests the right to life approach , which
McCain has helped execute for decades , is actually the root of the
problem : leading to more abortions and later ones too .
Obama should pose this question to McCain :
Do you support couples
having access to safe and effective birth control options , including
emergency contraception ?
When questioned about his position last year
McCain told a reporter : " I have to find out what my position was .
Brian
( a campaign staffer ) , would you find out what my position is on
contraception … I ’m sure I support the president ’s policies on it . "
( No
president has led more attacks on the right to use contraception than
Bush has . )
Birthcontrolwatch.org , a group that alerts the public to
attacks on the right to contraception , offers more questions Obama
could ask McCain–many would be devastating bombs to lob during , say , a
televised debate .
Not only would it be refreshing to see Obama go on the offensive , it
would be wise .
Scanning the globe we discover the countries where
abortion is most rare have the strongest pro-choice policies .
The
countries with the strongest " pro-life " policies are the ones with the
highest abortion rates , often twice our national average .
These are the
nations that have implemented what our " pro-life " movement strives to :
banning abortion , making contraception hard to come by , and preaching
abstinence - only to teens .
The " pro-life " paradox appears everywhere its policies are in place .
School districts in the conservative South are almost five times more
likely than in the liberal Northeast to teach abstinence - only .
Southern
states also have the highest rate of new HIV / AIDS infections , the
highest rate of STDs , as well as the highest rate of teen births .
Whereas new cases of AIDS decreased or remained constant in the
Northeast , Midwest , and West , the South alone experienced an increase .
Results should matter .
The electorate , bamboozled and misled by the
Bush administration on so many issues for so long , is hungry for fact ,
proof , and truth .
Obama should not skulk and apologize for agreeing
with the majority of the American public on reproductive rights .
Allowing Americans to make their own important life decisions is a core
conservative ideal .
Not only is McCain mucking around with Americans ’
most important decisions , he ’s imposed policies that result in outcomes
that , even by his own measures , should be considered disastrous .
If Obama takes the gloves off he will discover a much larger
cheering section .
When the discussion is about prevention ,
contraception and results , the pro-choice candidate wins big .
Obama
should reveal to the American public that the pro-choice approach , his
approach , is effective , safe and working wherever it ’s been tried .
Are you there God , and if so , will you please provide an emissary that can go head - to - head with Christopher Hitchens without getting spectacularly flayed ?
That was the pertinent issue during yesterday 's " Big Questions conversation " at the Pierre Hotel , hosted by
On Faith
and the John Templeton Foundation .
The luncheon pitted Hitchens , the anti-theist poster child , against Monsignor Lorenzo Albacete , a physicist , theologian , and author of God at the Ritz : Attraction to Infinity .
Given the pro-God squad 's spectacular failure the last time it staged a debate like this , the buzz among the predominantly male and heavily tweeded crowd was , " Will Albacete bring his A game against a man known for his periodic disembowling of religious delegates ? "
The answer , unfortunately , was a resounding no .
While the monsignor presented a charismatic and sympathetic figure — his Isaac Hayes - esque vocal resonance was worth the trip alone — his arguments , if one could call them that , did n't make it past a freshmen theology class .
Albacete 's strategy seemed to be to dance around his opponent — never has " I agree with you completely " been so frequently uttered by a Catholic priest to a hardcore atheist — and rely on his
ecclesiastical
gravitas to give credence to his chief points : that science and religion can co-exist ; that human beings are biological creatures defined by faith ; that religion and faith are separate entities ; and that science has not provided sufficient proof that God does n't exist to squelch the belief that He does .
All of which could be sound claims if argued effectively , with cogent reasoning and specific examples to counter the obvious holes that Hitchens wasted no time presenting :
The burden of proof rests on deists , not atheists , to prove there is a God ; no scientific evidence exists to support the assertion that Jesus Christ was the son of God , or even existed ; and the tenets of organized religion are nothing more than the " delusions " of humankind needed to sustain our desire for pageantry and meaning .
Rather than hit these atheist talking points head on , the Monsignor sputtered and evaded his way through the hour , clinging to an agenda focused on capitulation short of outright renunciation of belief .
Religion , he admitted , has done " a lot " of harm , but " science has been [ just ] as misused . "
When Hitchens accused Albacete of flippancy concerning the pain Christianity has caused despite the total lack of existential evidence , the priest responded : " I have seen evidence in my experience that Jesus Christ existed . "
Excellent !
An original point !
So what was this evidence ?
Too bad we never found out — either he had no answer , or was unwilling to share .
It 's unfortunate that Albacete brought so little from his distinguishedcareer and thoughtful writings , which demonstrate a commitment to open - minded discussion of an issue that has brought humanity to an impasse .
Instead he seemed intent on emerging from the Upper East Side with his dignity intact , as well as besting the king of one - liners in a soundbite contest .
A few highlights :
" To me , faith is the problem ... it's like trying to explain to your uncomprehending family why you 've fallen in love with so and so . "
" You could substitute for Christ the Great Lizard , for all I care . "
" When I was looking [ to woo ] my women , I did not send them equations . "
" As I try to live a decent life ... something extraordinary enters my life and moves me the way nothing ever has before .
Was it what I drank ?
Was it the pizza ?
Was it what I 'd been smoking ?
Most of the time , it is ! "
So there you have it :
It might be God , or it might be bad pizza .
Lets hope the next champion of God ( an imam perhaps ? ) that battles Hitchens is armed with a slightly more compelling response .
This post has been appended to reflect that Hitchens is an anti-theist rather than an anti-deist .
Hayden Panettiere Needs a Little Help
Seems like those stylish black pumpswore with her super short dress caused a near wardrobe malfunction moment as the 19 - year - old made her way to the Conde Nast Media Group ’s 2008 Fashion Rocks at Radio City Music Hall in New York City Friday evening .
The Heroes star needed a little assistance getting down the stairs outside her Manhattan hotel .
Fashion Rocks will air on Tuesday in a two - hour special on CBS .
Proceeds will benefit Stand Up To Cancer , a program established by the Entertainment Industry Foundation to raise money for cancer research .
Stand Up
To Cancer held a live telethon that aired simultaneously on ABC , NBC and CBS on Friday night .
More photos below of Hayden Panettiere before the 2008 Fashion Rocks .
photos : Wenn
Disclaimer
These are sole individual personal points - of - view and the posts and comments by the participants in no way represent the official point - of - view of Microsoft or any other organization .
This is a discussion to foster debate and by no means an enactment of policy - violation .
These posts are provided " as - is " with no warranties and confer no rights .
So chill .
And think .
Ein Polizist hat im New Yorker Stadtteil Brooklyn einen 34 - jährigen verwirrten Mann mit einer Elektroschock - Pistole getötet .
Dokumentiert wurde das Drama von einem Zuschauer – er drehte ein Video , das nun im Internet kursiert .
Der Mann stand nackt auf der Feuertreppe der dritten Etage eines Hauses und rief zusammenhanglose Sätze nach unten .
Dort hatte sich bereits eine Menschentraube versammelt .
Die Polizisten versuchten zunächst , ihn mit Befehlen zum Runterkommen zu bewegen .
Doch der Mann war nicht zu überzeugen .
Im Gegenteil : Er schnappte sich eine knapp zwei Meter Leuchtstoffröhre und fuchtelte damit durch die Luft .
„ Komm runter ! “ , rief einer der Polizisten ein weiteres Mal , doch der „ Irre “ gehorchte wieder nicht .
Plötzlich zog einer der Cops seine Elektroschock - Pistole – und schoss !
Getroffen fiel der Mann aus über drei Meter Höhe auf die Straße .
Er erlag später im Krankenhaus seinen schweren Kopfverletzungen .
Das brutale Vorgehen gegen den geistig verwirrten Mann sorgte in den USA für Empörung .
Der Polizist , der geschossen hatte , wurde in den Innendienst versetzt .
The Global Poverty Act of 2007 ( S.2433 ) is coming up for a Senate vote sometime after the July 4 recess , according the office of Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison .
Once Harry Reid and the Democrat leadership put it on the calendar , we could have as little as a week to prepare for the vote .
The bill is sponsored in the Senate by Barack Obama .
Read about it here .
If passed , it will cost taxpayers $ 845,000,000,000 over the next 13 years , in addition to our current foreign aid expenditures .
And the best part is that it will be administered in conjunction with ... brace yourselves ... the United Nations .
The same one of " Food - for - Oil " fame .
It passed ( H.R. 1302 ) earlier by a unanimous voice vote in the House .
It 's about global income redistribution .
Their distribution - our income .
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GoldenMeanFallacy
Kang : [ disguised as Bob Dole ] Abortions for all !
Crowd : Booo !
Kang :
Very well .
No abortions for anyone !
Crowd : Booo !
Kang : Hmm ...
Abortions for some , miniature American flags for others !
Crowd : Yaaay !
The Simpsons [ disguised as Bob Dole ] Abortions for all !
Booo !
Very well .
No abortions for anyone !
Booo !
Hmm ...
Abortions for some , miniature American flags for others !
Yaaay !
Advertisement :
Most people feel certain that there are two sides to every issue : their side , and the wrong side .
Authors ( and people in general ) who subscribe to the Golden Mean Fallacy have another outlook .
They believe that there are in fact three sides : the side of the complete morons to the left of them , the side of the complete morons to the right of them , and their own side , which combines the good points of each in sublime harmony while avoiding all the bad .
If one position is argued to be superior solely because it is in the middle , then this is the Golden Mean Fallacy , aka " Argument to Moderation . "
It 's also sometimes called the Gray Fallacy , between black and white options .
The fallacy is not merely saying that compromise between opposing viewpoints is good .
It is saying that extreme solutions are never reasonable or correct , and the correct solution can always be found in the middle .
For example : some say cyanide is a lethal and dangerous poison and should never be consumed .
The opposite position would be that cyanide is nutritious and beneficial to your health and should be consumed frequently .
The golden mean fallacy would state that cyanide should therefore be consumed in moderation .
Advertisement :
The Golden Mean Fallacy is turning both sides of an argument into Strawman Politicals and declaring that the only sensible " realist " approach is to take the middle road .
There is a number of benefits to this .
You avoid offending either side too much , since they can each take comfort in the fact that their enemies get just as much ridicule ; you get to come off as a sensible person who thinks for oneself and does n't blindly follow any one party line ; and you get twice as many people to insult and make fun of .
The downside is when one side is so objectively unreasonable ( see the above cyanide example ) that ceding any ground to it makes you look crazy .
Another handy ( and sneaky ) thing with this method is that you do n't actually have to be very moderate to use it .
A Strawman Political is by definition more extreme and unreasonable than any position in Real Life , note Poe 's Law notwithstanding so there is nothing stopping you from presenting a horrific parody of one side of the issue , then presenting a horrific parody of the other side of the issue , and finally presenting your own actual opinions as a moderate option .
It will look very sane and reasonable in comparison , even if in Real Life it would be considered quite extremist .
Another way of looking at it is by invoking The Horseshoe Effect : if the people on each extreme have more in common with each other than they do with the people in the centre , than the centre starts to look a lot more favourable .
Advertisement :
The technique is known among American political strategists as the Overton Window .
A few notes about this trope : it does not mean giving equal weight to two opposing viewpoints , when in reality one is far more credible than the other .
That is called " False Equivalency " .
It is also not saying that moderate compromises are always wrong .
Sometimes an option somewhere in between two polar opposites really is the best choice ; this trope is when the author claims the best choice must be found in the middle .
In other words , it is the opposite of the False Dichotomy , or Take a Third Option turned up to 11 .
In conclusion , use neither the False Dichotomy nor the Golden Mean Fallacy , but reason somewhere in the middle .
Compare Stupid Neutral .
Contrast with Take a Third Option and Both Sides Have a Point .
Named for Aristotle 's concept of virtue , which presented the golden mean as the excellent ideal of behavior .
Obviously , he did n't consider it a fallacy .
Aristotle 's golden mean also often did lean slightly towards excess or deficiency , rather than being precisely in the middle , and varied from situation to situation ; he himself made it clear that he was not espousing a purely mathematical mean between two extremes , but rather a moral best course of action that the " extremes " were defined in contradistinction to .
However , he also said that some actions were so bad that they could never be justified , let alone be made to appear moderate .
Please also note that the conflict need not have a right or wrong side in order to be this .
For example , a conflict between two foods for dinner could result in a truly disgusting " compromise " dish .
So long as the viewpoints are incapable of compromise , in that any compromise is at least as bad as either side , anybody who tries to claim compromise is always right will be guilty of this fallacy .
Compare and contrast with Intolerable Tolerance and Culture Justifies Anything , which commit the same fallacy from the opposite direction : saying that everyone is right instead of that everyone is wrong .
See also Contempt Crossfire , when the person in the middle is viewed as a Category Traitor / The Fundamentalist by his / the opposite side respectively .
Examples :
open / close all folders
Comic Books
Ex Machina :
This comic is actually pretty fair , even charitable , in its representations of both sides of a political argument .
It 's the positioning of protagonist Mitchell Hundred as between both political parties that occasionally invokes this trope .
Knightfall : Jean - Paul Valley tried to apply this logic - and failed miserably - when he temporarily became Batman after Bane broke Bruce Wayne 's back .
Having been brainwashed as a child by his father into believing that the radical Roman Catholic sect they belonged to demanded that evildoers be slaughtered by " avenging angels " , Valley experiences a Heroic BSoD when , as Batman , he finds a serial killer at his mercy ( hanging by one hand over a vat full of molten steel in a foundry ) and is tormented by visions of both his late father and the medieval French saint , Dumas , who founded their breakaway movement .
The elder Valley demands that his son shoot his blades at the killer so that he will fall into the vat , while St. Dumas insists that he must save anyone in danger , no matter how reprehensible they are .
Unable to reach a decision , Jean - Paul finally screams : " I choose neither one ! "
The inevitable result is that the murderer eventually loses his grip and falls to his death - which is even worse than it would first appear , since the murderer had to be kept alive so that Batman could find his most recent victim , who'd been placed in a sadistic torture device , with the result that the victim died too .
Comic Strips
In one strip of The Boondocks , George W. Bush says ( paraphrased from memory ) , " On one hand , Colin Powell supports affirmative action .
On the other hand , Condoleezza Rice favors the death penalty for anyone who teaches a black person to read .
So I figure that keeping black people out of college is good enough . "
( You have to expect this sort of thing from the comic . )
In one strip of Get Fuzzy , Bucky built a robot designed to be the most moderate Presidential candidate ever , with a hodgepodge of backgrounds , friendly demeanor , and spouting quotes like " my father shared your job and / or ethnicity ! "
However , Rob breaks the robot when he asks it the first controversial issue he can think of : " Do n't you need to raise taxes to pay for TheWarOnTerror ? " , causing it to explode from a Logic Bomb .
Ruthlessly mocked in a Dilbert strip .
Dilbert asks his boss whether a project 's budget should be $ 100,000 or $ 25,000 .
The Boss cited the wisdom of " Wise King Salmon " by " splitting the difference " and giving him $ 50,000 .
Dilbert concludes : " Fish are stupid . "
Fanfiction
The Harry Potter fic Amends , or Truth and Reconciliation has an argument between Harry , Ron and Hermione about what should happen to the Malfoys in the wake of Voldemort 's defeat .
Harry wants them pardoned since they switched sides at the last minute , while Ron thinks they should essentially be tortured to death because he does n't like them .
Hermione , who is the POV character of the story and is just generally shown in a far more flattering light than the other two , is the one who wants the Malfoys to pay for their crimes , but only to a suitable degree and after a fair trial .
Films — Live - Action
Literature
Live - Action TV
Puppet Shows
Team America : World Police epitomizes this as far as Americans are concerned .
Conservatives are " dicks " who are so aggressive that they cause as much harm as good , while liberals are " pussies " who are too wimpy to get anything done in the first place , but sometimes have to stop the " dicks " from going too far ( of course , neither of these characterizations are necessarily correct , but never mind ) .
Unlike South Park , which often has a character find the golden mean , the film contrasts both opposing viewpoints with " assholes " ( like terrorists or the movie 's Big Bad , Kim Jong - Il ) who make the " dicks " necessary .
Religion and Folklore
The Bible : Subverted in the Judgment of Solomon from the Old Testament .
Two women each claim to be a boy 's mother .
Solomon cannot tell who is lying , so he declares that he will cut the baby in half and give each woman her " share " .
The boy 's true mother gives up her claim so that the child lives , which reveals who truly loved him .
Subverted in that Solomon never intended this as a legitimate solution but only a trap to catch out the liar , leading to the phrase " splitting the baby " when someone destroys the subject of a dispute rather than assign it to one party .
A Japanese folktale invokes this :
Two hungry cats are arguing over two rice cakes — one large , one small — and take their dispute to a sage .
The sage decides that the only way to solve the argument is to eat part of the large rice cake so they are the same size , but he intentionally takes a too - large bite so that he subsequently has to take a bite of the other rice cake to equalize them again .
He does this until both are gone , ultimately saying " there , now you 're both equally dissatisfied . "
By giving a solution that is equally distasteful to both parties , the sage was giving An Aesop about greed and envy .
C.S. Lewis ' famous trilemma was a response to this , namely the position that one could believe in the Bible but deny the divinity of Jesus , to avoid the " extremes " of orthodox Christianity and atheism .
Lewis points out that this does n't make sense , because in the Bible , Jesus claims and acts consistent with divinity , meaning that if you want to accept the Bible and deny Jesus ' divinity , you have to either claim that Jesus was delusional or that he was lying .
Some have criticized this trilemma on the basis that Jesus could simply have been genuinely mistaken about his divinity or that the Gospels were simply fictional , but Lewis ' response was that taking this position still requires one to both deny the veracity of the Bible and deny the divinity of Christ , meaning that it 's still an all - or - nothing proposition .
Tabletop Games
Dungeons & Dragons : The True Neutral alignment , which started out as people who are dedicated to maintaining balance , to the point that they 'll switch sides in the middle of battle .
Druids had this alignment the most .
True Neutral changed to what Absolute Neutral ( or just " Neutral " ) used to be : people with no strong convictions toward any side of good or evil and law or chaos .
Creatures without intelligence and people with profound apathy would have this alignment .
Fourth Edition calls this " Unaligned . "
Video Games
Web Comics
Web Original
Parodied :
No matter what the issue , JP Nickel gives you ...
Both Sides !!!
note
For those not wanting to YouTube — the issue discussed is : Eyeglasses vs Stabbing Yourself With a Steak Knife .
Discussed in this Angry Aussie video , as an argument when discussing creationists ' arguments against evolution .
Angry Aussie video , as an argument when discussing creationists ' arguments against evolution .
Parodied in a Scientific American April Fool 's joke :
Good journalism values balance above all else .
We owe it to our readers to present everybody 's ideas equally and not to ignore or discredit theories simply because they lack scientifically credible arguments or facts .
: Parodied with the The Onion article " Government Admits It Was Only Behind Destruction of North Tower " in which the American government DID bomb the north tower , only for a random suicide plane to crash into the south tower .
" in which the American government DID bomb the north tower , only for a random suicide plane to crash into the south tower .
Reddit Parodied in r/dirtbagcenter , which is generally centrists making fun of themselves by embracing the Golden Mean Fallacy or insisting that two sides of a debate are exactly the same .
Played straight in r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
, which is a more left - leaning subreddit than r/dirtbagcenter which uses the fallacy to make fun of centrists .
CGP
Grey discussed in his video on Brexit how the UK government could do a semi-Brexit by entering the EEA , would would leave both sides - unhappy .
The only people who'd win would be the politicians who'd manage to avoid a political shitstorm .
Grey : Nothing Brexit voters actually cared about would change : Immigration , EU membership fees and binding EU laws , all this would remain the same .
The only thing different would be the UK giving up all her representatives in the EU Parliament , so she would have zero influence on EU law she would still have to follow , which is not something pro-EU voters probably wanted either .
Western Animation
The Simpsons does this a lot .
Admittedly , it might be mostly because they live in such a Crapsack World that any idea , plan or policy is almost by definition horrendously flawed , but the writers still want to offer some kind of uplifting moral at the end of the episode .
Lampshaded in the episode in which Homer gets his jaw wired shut .
In the middle of a long story about the old days , Grandpa says : " Then after World War Two , it got kinda quiet , ' til Superman challenged FDR to a race around the world .
FDR beat him by a furlong , or so the comic books would have you believe .
The truth lies somewhere in between ... "
And then there 's the debacle with the children of Springfield trying to figure out why all the adults had disappeared from the streets after Grampa started selling his aphrodisiac , with them all proposing different sinister actors behind this and arguing over them , prompting Milhouse to wind up including them all with another reason for it : Milhouse : Ahem .
OK , here 's what we 've got : the Rand Corporation , in conjunction with the saucer people , under the supervision of the reverse vampires , are forcing our parents to go to bed early in a fiendish plot to eliminate the meal of dinner .
South Park uses this trope a lot to deliver its message .
Strawman Politicals from both sides clash and make the problem worse , until someone delivers a final speech concluding that neither side is correct .
For example , we should n't support the Boy Scouts ' decision to exclude membership to gays , but we also should n't ban the organization because they should be free to exclude people who bring up their orientation ( since it 's not in line with the organization 's moral code , in that it should only be discussed outside of their groups ) in their own institution .
Other times however , the solutions have been highly unconvincing compromises presented as perfect for everyone , giving rise to complaints that the makers try to force the trope .
Through the show 's many seasons , however , they have lampshaded and subverted the common formula a number of times :
The episode on gay marriage , for example , parodied this trope by having a politician offer a " compromise " solution in which gay people could get all the legal benefits of marriage , but instead of using traditionally straights - only terms like " marriage , " " married , " and " husband and wife , " they would be called " butt buddies " .
Much like in Real Life , no one was particularly pleased .
An attempt at having a golden means solution , which shows just how fallacious this trope really is , appears in the episode " I'm a Little Bit Country . "
Half of the town opposes the war in Iraq , while the other half supports it .
After going back in time and meeting the founding fathers , Cartman believes he has the right answer .
He says that America needs the pro-war people to support America 's wars so America looks like a strong country , but we also need the anti-war people to oppose these wars so America looks like a compassionate country .
Both sides are happy with this answer , because it basically means the war will continue , and the anti-war crowd gets to continue protesting .
Futurama made fun of this at the end of one episode , where Bender states the moral he learned : " I 'll never be too good or too evil ever again , I 'll just be me . "
" Do you think you could be a little less evil ? "
" I do n't know , Leela .
Do you think you could survive a 600 - foot fall ? "
American Dad ! has one episode where Stan and Francine argue over how to raise Steve , with Stan preferring strict discipline and Francine preferring a hands - off approach .
To determine who 's right , Stan has Steve cloned and each of them will raise one how they see fit .
This results in Stevearino ( the clone ) becoming a crazy cat killer due to Stan 's overbearing rules while Francine 's coddling devolves the original Steve into a spoiled brat who does nothing but sit on the couch and eat junk food .
At the end of the episode , they realize that Steve needs both of them to parent him so he balances out .
Real Life
Other
Rational Wiki covers this under Balance fallacy .
. Fark " independents " ( read : Republicans ) use the fallacy so much , it has its own initialism : BSABSVR .
( Both Sides Are Bad , So Vote Republican . )
There 's a joke ( or riddle , or witticism ; take your pick ) asking whether half a Cute Kitten is a compromise between all of a kitten and no kitten at all .
The answer is no , it 's not at all cute and indeed more horrible than either of the other two , because it 's a kitten bloodily sawed in half .
Another joke goes :
Should we drive on the right side of the road or the left ?
Let 's compromise , and all drive in the middle !
I hated Oblivion .
There I said it .
From my perspective , it 's one of the most ridiculously overrated games I 've ever played .
I tried so hard to get into it , but was always pulled out by one of the many problems I had with it .
- Character models ugly as sin .
- Every character is voice acted , but there were so few actors that nearly every person in Cyrodiil sounded exactly the same , and save for Patrick Stewart 's very short cameo , the voice acting was just awful .
- A huge game world , but very little variety anywhere .
14 square miles of identical green hills and old forts .
Dungeons are n't much better , with only 2 or 3 different types .
- Unsatisfying combat .
Everyone complained that in Morrowind , it did n't feel like you were landing hits on enemies .
I was surprised to hear people say that this problem was fixed in Oblivion , because I certainly did n't think so .
Combat still felt disconnected , like I was just trying to swing my sword in the enemy 's general direction .
Apart from a tiny splatter of blood , enemies do n't react to being hit at all , making combat boring to watch and even more boring to play .
- Logic problems were everywhere .
Good luck trying to get immersed in Oblivion 's world , you 'll be pulled out of it every few minutes by some event that just should not happen .
My favourite example : Jumping up and down on someone 's dinner table is perfectly acceptable , but if you so much as lay a finger on a piece of their cutlery , the entire Imperial Guard will hunt you down for theft .
There you go , that 's why I hate Oblivion .
Maybe it 's not even relevant for me to be saying it .
I just wanted to get it off my chest , because every time someone talks about Oblivion now , the comments are filled with gushing praise , and I figured I 'd throw in my two cents on it .
As the Bush administration attempts to stabilize the nation ’s economy , we are witness to the final chapter of a period of perverse and dishonest leadership that has used its own crises to justify the expansion of its own power .
This was a president who came to office on promises of modesty -- who championed a “ humble nation , ” scorned nation building and promised a more limited role for government in the lives of its citizens .
Then he presided over a six - year attempt to tear down and rebuild the nations of Afghanistan and Iraq , and now has embarked on the most profound expansion of the federal government ’s role in the private economy since the Depression .
In both cases , the pattern is the same .
Ineptitude led to crisis ; crisis then became the argument for the radical expansion of executive power .
The administration insisted that it exercise its new authority with a minimum of scrutiny by Congress , the courts or the public .
In the so - called war on terror , that has meant the abdication of our most basic American principles .
We have forfeited privacy and honor -- the administration has monitored phones and e-mails without warrants and has secreted prisoners in foreign lands , arguing that they deserved none of our protections even while in our custody .
As a nation , we have stooped to torture ( while debating the meaning of the word ) and refused to recognize one of our most basic Anglo - American notions , the principle of habeas corpus ( thankfully , the Supreme Court , seven of whose members are Republicans , drew the line at that abomination ) .
We have held prisoners in detention without trial , without charge , without end .
In so doing , we have antagonized the world and debased America ’s moral authority to lead .
The same administration responsible for these catastrophes has over the last month nationalized the largest source of funding for mortgages and the largest insurance company on the planet .
And it proposed to intervene even more dramatically in the nation ’s economy by having the Treasury Department -- with no court , congressional or public oversight -- relieve financial institutions of the troubled mortgages and related securities that have locked up the lending system .
There is no doubt about the depth and range of the crisis that provokes these calls for government action .
The gyrations of the stock market have been dismaying , and the threat to the country ’s financial institutions -- and everyone who borrows from or invests in them -- is real .
Still , the audacity of this administration demanding expanded powers and curtailed accountability is a wonder to behold .
The bitter irony is that this crisis warrants dramatic intervention , but President Bush ’s record makes him difficult to trust even when he ’s right .
These troubles are about more than a president who is unfaithful to his word .
Bush has transformed the balance of power in our government .
We are seeing the erection of an imperial presidency , immune from oversight when it fights terrorists and when it rescues banks .
Politically , these developments raise two questions :
Which candidate to succeed Bush benefits most by the events of recent weeks ?
And which candidate , if either , would have the strength to roll back these expansions of presidential power if elected ?
To the first question , the answer seems to be Barack Obama , though only modestly .
Obama ’s poll numbers have inched up in recent days as voters have taken stock of a frighteningly complex economic meltdown and been left to wonder what to think of John McCain ’s abrupt , halting responses -- as McCain saw it , the “ fundamentals ” of the economy were sound one moment , at risk the next .
Questions about McCain ’s judgment in recent days have only been deepened by the performances of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
She has struggled in her rare public appearances , and her selection risks appearing all the more reckless and cynical when held against the seriousness of this financial crisis .
Even McCain ’s campaign “ suspension ” seemed like gamesmanship .
He said he was rushing to Washington , but took his time , and the talks derailed soon after he arrived .
He proclaimed that the situation was so dire he would not return to the stump until an agreement was reached , then did precisely what he said he would n’t .
It was not an impressive week for the Straight Talk Express .
Still , Obama has hardly run away with this issue , and the economic news exposes his weaknesses as well .
He is , after all , untested by executive crisis and a freshman senator of limited achievement in government .
Voters may well blanch at his relative inexperience , given the gravity of these times .
Indeed , it is telling that in a week when his opponent flailed , Obama made scant headway in the polls .
On the matter of which candidate could be trusted to roll back the excessive powers that Bush has aggregated , Obama is vague and McCain is exasperating .
McCain has properly condemned the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and said he would close it , but when the court granted detainees there the rights of habeas corpus , McCain denounced the ruling as “ one of the worst decisions in the history of this country . ”
He condemned torture , but then , with the campaign underway , voted against legislation to limit the CIA ’s use of coercive interrogation .
Those oscillations do not reassure .
Obama , meanwhile , is more consistent and encouraging but offers few specifics .
He pledges to close Guantanamo , restore habeas corpus and end the invasions of privacy undertaken in the name of fighting terrorism .
Those are welcome positions and provide some hope that he would roll back Bush ’s excesses .
But while he pledges allegiance to the separation of powers , Obama has said little about how to honor that pledge .
Rare is the politician who willingly cedes authority , and we have not heard enough from Obama to be convinced he ’s that rare person .
These are not abstractions .
They are the legacy of this grim epoch , one that should be equally offensive to conservatives and liberals .
George Bush promised humility and delivered arrogance .
The next president must not .
Salary Tools
See how your salary compares to others with the same job title in your area .
Not only can you compare your salary , but you can also see what skills you are missing to earn more money .
Learn More
A Properly Diversified Portfolio Will Help You Capture Most of the Market ’s Gains While Reducing Volatility
Diversification is the single greatest factor in determining long - term investment returns .
Do n’t put all of your eggs in one basket .
You ’ve probably heard that phrase before , and for good reason .
When investing , the less diversified you are , the more risk you ’re generally taking .
Investing in a single stock can provide tremendous returns , but it can also wipe out most of , or your entire investment .
Even if you do n’t invest in a single company , the same can be said about investing in just one asset class or sector of the market .
While the chances of your investment dropping to zero is greatly reduced , you ’ll be sure to experience a good deal of volatility .
Some years will be great , while others will leave you in the dust as other types of investments perform better .
This is where diversification comes in .
As you spread your money out across different stocks and different asset classes , you ’re in a better position for weathering the inevitable volatility of the markets .
Some of your holdings will be up , and others will be down .
But instead of betting on one or two and hoping for the best , you can take a hands - off approach that will allow you to realize most of the market ’s gains while minimizing the impact of losses .
The Periodic Table of Investment Returns
Below , I want to introduce to you one of the best ways to illustrate the importance of diversification .
It is called a period table of investment returns .
To begin , I want to show the table in its entirety .
I ’ve included some of the most popular asset classes , and you can click on the image to see a full - size version .
This table covers the past 20 years .
So , what can we gather from this at first glance ?
It becomes fairly obvious that there are no easily recognizable trends .
Some of the colors are all across the board .
Just look at the Russell 2000 Value block .
On more than a few occasions , it would go from one of the best performing one year to nearly the worst the following year , and vice versa .
And at only 3 times over the past 20 years did one asset class remain the top performer for two years in a row .
You can already begin to see that by investing in a narrow band of companies or an asset type , you ’re probably going to experience a good deal of volatility .
But , let ’s examine this chart in a little more detail .
Value vs. Growth Stocks
Both the growth and value monikers come from the fundamental analysis of companies .
Value stocks are companies that are relatively cheap when compared to its peers , have a low P/E ratio , and tend to offer dividends .
Value stocks tend to be mature companies that are not as focused on rapid growth of the company .
On the other hand , growth stocks tend to be just the opposite .
They may be priced relatively higher with higher P/E ratios and are generally younger and focused on growing the company .
This means it is not likely the company will issue dividends , and instead reinvest in the company to spur additional growth .
Two different types of companies , so let ’s see how they did over the past 20 years :
You may find this shocking , as there are quite a few instances where in the same year , there can be a significant disparity between these two types of stocks .
They are , after all , both stocks .
People tend to think that investing in stocks is investing in stocks , but as you can see , depending on what type of stocks you invested in , you could have wildly varying results .
In some cases , one may have outperformed the other by 20 % or more in the same year , and in some years , one saw a significant positive return , while the other saw a substantial loss .
Again , this clearly illustrates why it may not be a good idea to put all of your eggs into one basket .
Average Annual Returns :
Growth : 8.81 %
Value : 13.30 %
Best / Worst Returns :
Growth : 51.19 % / - 30.26 %
Value : 46.03 % / - 21.77 %
A Look at a Diversified Equity Portfolio
For the sake of comparison , let ’s take a look at what a diversified 100 % equity portfolio looks like .
For this illustration , the portfolio consists of :
35 % Russell 1000 Growth Index
35 % Russell 1000 Value Index
15 % Russell 2500 Index
15 % MSCI EAFE Index
The first thing you ’ll probably notice is the lack of extremes .
A diversified equity portfolio , while never the top performer , was also never at the bottom either .
This portfolio held in a narrower range just above the midpoint .
So , by investing in value , growth , and some foreign stocks , you take out the extremes and have a portfolio that is n’t nearly as volatile as holding just one or two asset classes .
Average Annual Return : 11.59 %
Best / Worst Return : 32.88 % / - 20.25 %
A Look at a Balanced Portfolio
So far we ’ve taken a look at a few individual asset classes and a 100 % stock portfolio , so what happens when you add some bonds into the mix ?
For this portfolio , we ’re going to look at holdings of 45 % stocks and 55 % bonds .
The portfolio holdings include :
15 % Russell 1000 Growth
15 % Russell 1000 Value
7.5 % Russell 2500
7.5 % MSCI EAFE
55 % Merrill Lynch U.S. Broad Market Bond
As expected , the balanced portfolio also has a pretty narrow range , and for an almost 50 /50 mix , it falls right about in the middle .
Clearly , adding bonds can significantly reduce volatility , and for those of you who hate to see big losses , this can really help you sleep at night .
But , even though it is n’t as volatile , how do the returns fare ?
Average Annual Return : 9.65 %
Best / Worst Returns : 27.74 % / - 3.35 %
This is where a balanced portfolio really shines .
The difference between the best and worst years is 31.09 percentage points , whereas the diversified equity portfolio comes in at 53.13 points .
With over a 20 point lower differential , the average annual return was only 1.94 % lower , and even with 55 % bonds , the portfolio saw nearly a 10 % average return .
Obviously , having a greater allocation in stocks will yield higher average returns , but when it comes to being able to stomach losses , the balanced portfolio , with a worst year of only about a 3 % loss is comforting to the average investor .
What Does This All Mean ?
You ’ve often heard that past performance can’t predict future results , and this table clearly shows this .
If you ’re jumping into a hot investment because it was a top performer for the past six months or year , the chances of it continuing to do so is a coin toss .
Look at the commodity block on the chart .
In 2005 it was the best performer at over 25 % .
If you saw these returns and listened to the media about how hot commodities were and got in , look what happened in 2006 .
Dead last in performance , and lost over 15 % .
And as quickly as it dropped , it rose to the top yet again in 2007 .
If you were basing your investment decision on the previous year ’s performance , you would have always bought high and sold low , which is no way to make money .
There also are n’t many surprises on this periodic table .
Over the past 20 years , which has seen a number of ups and downs , the average returns are pretty much what you ’d expect .
Equities hang on to the upper half of the chart with average returns from around 9 - 13 % .
Bonds are at the bottom with roughly 6 - 8 % annual returns .
You can project back even further , and the overall average returns will not differ much .
So , if you invest in stocks over the long run , you ’re bound to do pretty well .
But what you have to decide is how much volatility you are willing to stomach .
If you do n’t mind 20 % returns one year and the possibility of 20 % losses the next , then you can be comfortable in an aggressive 100 % stock portfolio .
If you like the high return of stocks , yet are n’t comfortable with such drastic performance swings , then a more balanced portfolio may help you stay the course .
You ’ll still see the bulk of the upside , but significantly minimize the downside , and reduce your volatility a great deal .
A good 401 k plan should have enough investment options to allow you to create a diversified portfolio that works for you , or many of the target date funds accomplish the same thing .
Author : Jeremy Vohwinkle
My name is Jeremy Vohwinkle , and I ’ve spent a number of years working in the finance industry providing financial advice to regular investors and those participating in employer - sponsored retirement plans .
Twitter Facebook Google +
Applied carefully , High Dynamic Range - technique ( HDR ) can create incredibly stunning pictures which blur our sense of the difference between reality and illusion .
“ In computer graphics and photography , high dynamic range imaging ( HDRI ) is a set of techniques that allows a greater dynamic range of exposures ( the range of values between light and dark areas ) than normal digital imaging techniques .
Here are 25 stunningly beautiful HDR photographs .
( photo by klados25 )
( photo by Rickydavid )
( photo by raycollister )
( photo by t.beauchemin )
( photo by Compound Eye )
( photo by cloudzilla )
( photo by stevacek )
( photo by blakelipthratt )
( photo by blakelipthratt )
( photo by Bartek Kuzia )
( photo by Dubtastic )
( photo by Kris Kros )
( photo by Stuck in Customs )
( photo by Altus )
( photo by Oblivius Dude )
( photo by svf1972 )
( photo by antiguan_life )
( photo by raymondluijbregts )
( photo by Asoner )
( photo by James Neeley )
( photo by Fort Photo )
( photo by NY_Doll )
( photo by Franck )
( photo by g.s.george )
( photo by Jeff Clow )
More Resources :
Bridal Shower Photography Tips
When my wife and I started to plan our wedding , we inevitably turned to the question of rings , and it was only a matter of time before we came to the idea of rings with little wheels on them that could be used as crypto devices , in the manner of super - duper Captain Midnight Decoder Badges .
So we asked Bruce Schneier for some advice and he suggested that we make each ring with one static band and two rotating ones , each inscribed with the alphabet .
The first wheel has dots on the letters , alternating above , none , below .
The second wheel has the repeating sequence of above , above , none , none , below , below .
The third wheel has the repeating sequence of above , above , above , none , none , none , below , below , below ( it sounds confusing , but you can see a chart here ) .
The rings were made in white gold by Isabel Rucker ( daughter of master cyberpunk author Rudy Rucker — and a fantastic jeweler in her own right ) and they turned out great .
Now it 's time that we turn to the Internet with a challenge : given these two matching rings , what crypto applications can you come up with ?
Could you use them to scramble passwords ( possibly hashed with a key ) ?
How about encoding messages for secret transmission ?
What additional common apparatus ( say , different - sized coins ) could you use to generate initialization vectors and increase the system 's security ?
This is an open competition to be judged by Bruce " Applied Cryptography " Schneier and me — the winner gets a copy of Little Brother signed by both of us .
Post your submissions to the comments or send them to cryptocontest@craphound.com before Oct 1 , 2008 .
Crytpo Wedding Ring
Minutes after having sexual intercourse with her boyfriend , a 35 - year - old woman suddenly felt her left arm go weak .
Her speech became slurred and she lost feeling on the left side of her face .
She had suffered a stroke and the conclusion was that the stroke probably was due to several related factors , including birth control pills , a venous blood clot , sexual intercourse and a heart defect .
Doctors at Loyola University Medical Center describe the unusual case in the Journal of Stroke and Cerebrovascular Disease .
Birth control pills slightly increase the risk of blood clots .
Doctors believe a small clot formed in one of the veins in her thigh , broke loose and traveled to the right atrium ( the heart 's upper right pumping chamber ) .
Normally in such cases , the clot will get pumped out of the right atrium and travel to the lungs , where it may harmlessly dissolve .
In this case , there was a hole in a wall of the heart separating the right atrium from the left atrium .
Pressure changes in the heart , triggered by sexual intercourse , enabled the clot to travel through the hole from the right atrium to the left atrium .
From there , the clot traveled up to the brain .
It lodged in a narrow blood vessel , blocking blood flow to an area of the brain that controls movements on the left side of the body , said Dr. Jose Biller , co-author of the report and chairman of the Department of Neurology at Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine .
The woman was taken to a community hospital , then transferred to Loyola .
There was still a chance doctors could reverse stroke damage , but time was running out .
In strokes caused by clots , a drug called tPA can dissolve the clot and restore blood flow before brain cells are irreversibly damaged .
tPA is safe and effective if given intravenously within three hours of the onset of symptoms .
The woman arrived at Loyola six hours after her stroke .
It was too late to receive tPA given intravenously .
But there was a chance the clot buster drug still could work if it were delivered directly into the affected blood vessel in the brain .
An interventional neuroradiologist inserted a catheter ( thin tube ) into a groin artery , and guided it up to the spot in the brain where the clot was lodged .
After the catheter delivered the tPA , the clot began to dissolve .
The improvement was immediate and dramatic .
When the woman arrived at Loyola , her stroke score was 13 , on a scale of 1 to 43 , with 43 representing the most catastrophic outcome .
Within an hour of treatment , her score dropped to 5 .
Her stroke score dropped to 3 after 12 hours and to 1 after two months .
Her only lingering symptoms were a slight weakening of her facial muscle and minimal impairment of her left hand , said Dr. Simona Velicu , who assisted Biller .
Velicu , a neurology resident at Stritch , is lead author of the case report .
Doctors prescribed aspirin and a blood thinner , advised the woman to stop taking birth control pills and scheduled a follow - up procedure to repair the hole in her heart .
The defect , called a patent foramen ovale ( PFO ) , occurs in about 1 in 4 adults .
While in many people a PFO will never cause problems , the defect might be associated with an increased risk of stroke .
How these patients should be managed remains controversial .
Dr. Fred Leya , an interventional cardiologist , used a catheter to place a device in the woman 's heart that plugged the hole .
Leya has done about 150 PFO repairs , and is participating with his neurology colleagues in a clinical trial of a leading repair device .
Leya is a professor of medicine in the Department of Cardiology at Loyola 's Stritch School of Medicine .
There are no statistics on the number of patients who have experienced strokes during sexual intercourse .
While it appears that such strokes are rare in young adults , a few case reports have been reported .
A 2004 report in the Archives of Neurology reported on four patients who had strokes during intercourse : a 38 - year - old man and three women in their twenties .
Like the Loyola patient , they all had the PFO defect .
You 're using an old version of Internet Explorer .
Please upgrade to IE 11 or above ; or try using a different browser
And yes , that figures dates back to a report in early 2006 when Henry Paulson was still there running the show and making a comfy $ 38 million .
It was a lifestyle that was never based on reality but now that the bill has arrived , taxpayers will get a splash of cold water reality in the face .
Last year , Goldman Sachs paid out $ 11.7bn ( £ 6.7bn ) to its 22,425 employees – around 3,000 of whom are in London .
Hank Paulson , the chairman and chief executive , was paid $ 38 m in salary , shares and options – a 21 per cent increase on 2004 .
An average figure per staff member of $ 521,000 bursts through a barrier not even breached during the dot - com boom in 1999 and 2000 .
This is a 12 per cent increase on the $ 466,000 average disclosed for 2004 .
It is twice the level of average pay at rivals Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley .
Wall Street banks are paying out a record $ 21.5 bn in bonuses for 2005 , according to New York State figures .
That dwarfs 2004 ’s $ 18.6bn and tops the previous record of $ 19.5 bn in 2000 .
The average bonus in 2005 was $ 125,500 – some $ 25,000 more than in 2000 .
Let ’s ignore for a moment whether Sarah Palin ’s speech at the republican convention was well - written ( it was written by a former speechwriter for Dubya ) or well delivered .
What bothered me about it was two things .
First , other than talking about her family and attacking Obama , she did n’t really say anything .
No issues , no idea of what kind of politician she is ( other than a pit bull with lipstick ) .
Secondly , she does n’t seem to have a firm grasp of reality .
Quite a few of her statements were complete fabrications .
Probably the biggest one I noticed was that she claimed that Obama had “ authored two memoirs but not a single major law or reform – not even in the state senate . ”
Say what ?
First of all , Obama has only written one memoir ( it ’s McCain who has written two ) .
But more importantly , Obama authored 152 bills in the Senate , including several “ major ” ones .
Obama wrote the Lugar - Obama bill on nonproliferation ( is protecting us from WMD not “ major ” ? ) .
As for reforms , he helped write “ the strongest ethics legislation to emerge from Congress “ .
He also wrote a major accountability bill ( co- sponsored by McCain ) that resulted in the USAspending .
gov site that tracks all goverment spending .
I suspect that this line was meant to draw attention away from the fact that not only has McCain hardly written any substantial legislation in years , he has n’t even shown up to vote .
She also repeated the claim that she said “ Thanks , but no thanks ” to the federal government over pork funding for the “ bridge to nowhere ” , even though she campaigned for it until it became a political liability .
Even after that she kept the money , but she has the audacity to claim that she turned down the money , saying that Alaska would pay for it .
Palin ’s claims to be against pork spending are shattered when you consider that as Governor she requested more pork per capita than any other state .
Even as a mayor , she was into pork .
A new lie from last night is that suddenly she is the best friend of families with special - needs children .
Then why did she slash school funding for special - needs kids by 62 % as governor ?
Some of her lies are not even worth responding to .
She claimed that Obama is “ against producing energy ” .
Give me a break .
She also trotted out the tired old claims that Obama wants to raise taxes and spend more , when most economists say that McCain ’s plans will cost more than Obama ’s , and Obama will cut taxes for 95 % of the population , and only raise them on the wealthy ( mostly to counteract Bush ’s disastrous tax cuts for the rich , which McCain opposed ) .
But the big question is whether the mainstream media will do its job and report on these lies , misstatements , and exaggerations .
So far , the only thing I ’ve seen from them is a blog entry from CBS News .
The AP has done a little fact - checking , and found that “ in some cases ” she “ stretched the truth ” .
You can also find a much more detailed list from the Obama campaign .
A Munith man was in fair condition Monday in a South Carolina hospital after surviving an estimated 9,000 - foot fall a day earlier in the basket of his hot - air balloon .
The fall occurred as experienced pilot Chuck Walz was flying in the Great Southeast Balloon Fest in Anderson , S.C.
His balloon deflated and was flapping back and forth until it landed in an oak tree in an Anderson neighborhood , said Sgt. Adam Zenoni of the Anderson Fire Department .
Although the branches cushioned Walz 's fall Sunday morning , the impact threw him from the basket about 12 feet from the ground .
He was conscious when a rescue team arrived .
" The ( basket ) snapped a branch that was about 10 inches in diameter , " Zenoni said .
" If he had n't landed in that tree , it would have been a lot different of an outcome .
I do n't think he would have survived without the tree . "
Marvin TenBrink , a member of Walz 's crew in the balloon fest , said Walz gave him the thumbs - up when he arrived at the scene of the crash landing .
" I knew we had a good guy there that was n't ready to be taken , " TenBrink told The Greenville ( S.C. )
News .
Efforts to reach Walz were unsuccessful Monday .
One of his family members said Walz hopes to be transferred to the University of Michigan Hospital , but would stay overnight in the South Carolina hospital .
David Seekell of Jackson has flown in ballooning competitions for 14 years with Walz , whom he described as a highly skilled pilot .
He said the local balloonist community was shocked to hear the news .
" Everybody I 've talked to that 's down there , or has talked with him or his family , has said that he is in good spirits , laughing , joking and being his old self , " Seekell said .
" We call him ' Chuckles ' because he 's always smiling and he always has a pleasant thing to say to you . "
Walz was one of about 90 pilots flying in the Great Southeast Balloon Fest , a national competition that tests navigational abilities , event coordinator Dan Stukas said .
The competition has not had a similar incident in any of the last nine years that Anderson County has hosted the event , he said .
The National Transportation Safety Board has assigned an investigator to determine what caused the balloon to deflate , spokesman Peter Knudson said .
The board 's investigation will take six to 12 months .
Walz is a utility technician and weighmaster for the Jackson County Road Commission .
He has worked for the commission for about 30 years , Road Commission Chairman Anthony Philipps said .
Phillips said he was awaiting more information about Walz 's condition .
NEW CASTLE , PA , Sep 08 , 2008 ( MARKET WIRE via COMTEX ) -- On August 30 , Neshannock , Pa. Township Police Patrolman Matt Seamans and Fire Captain David Congini arrived on scene as smoke billowed from the front and side doors of a New Castle , Pa. home .
Using ARA Safety 's FIT - 5 , the men were able to work together and take immediate action to control the basement fire until additional members from the Neshannock Fire Department arrived .
Knowing that basement fires are the most dangerous for firefighters to control , Seamans and Congini -- thinking on their feet -- recalled that the fire department recently purchased the FIT - 5 , a new handheld fire interruption device in their first response toolkit .
Seamans grabbed the device from the truck and quickly handed it to Captain Congini , who deployed it through the basement stairwell .
Two minutes later , nine firefighters from the Neshannock Fire Department arrived and entered the home with a thermal imaging camera to find that the FIT - 5 had brought the room temperature down to less than 130 degrees and smothered the flames ( according to the U.S. Fire Administration , the average home fire burns at temperatures upwards of 600 degrees ) .
The crew then extinguished one small remaining fire in a basement closet with only one gallon of water , which is less than 500 - 1000 times the amount that would have been needed without the use of the FIT - 5 .
" First responders on scene have to act fast , so when we got there and realized we had this new tool we thought ' hey , let 's give this thing a shot ' , " Captain Congini said of the deployment .
" We 're very impressed with the results and have already ordered a replacement for the one we used this weekend . "
The FIT - 5 deployment in New Castle is the fifth in the U.S. since its debut in late 2007 .
Currently , 37 fire departments across the country are equipped to use the device to extinguish structure fires .
The powerful new technology is gaining national recognition as a valuable tool that helps firefighters suppress fires safely and efficiently .
" We 're seeing communities across the country embrace this technology and each is equally impressed with the human and financial impacts it can provide , " said Michael Gardiner , director of marketing , ARA Safety .
" We look forward to more successful deployments where the FIT - 5 will continue to help firefighters save lives and reduce property loss . "
About ARA Safety
ARA Safety is a world leader in innovative fire and life safety technology .
ARA Safety 's revolutionary Fire Interruption Technology ( FIT ) fire knock down tool is saving lives and reducing property loss in cities and towns across North America .
ARA Safety 's fire and life safety technologies also include the Zero Combustion line of fire proof sprays , paints and coatings , and its world leading line of Photoluminescent products .
ARA Safety 's technologies have been used by NASA , the Pentagon , the United States Military and are featured prominently on the Vancouver Shangri - La. ARA Safety Inc. is based in Vancouver , Canada .
To learn more about ARA Safety visit , www.arasafety.com
SOURCE : ARA Safety
この記事へのトラックバッ クExcerpt : 童 Ｔ包Ｋでずっと悩んでたけど、これ始めてから大人気な俺ｗｗ ってか、童Ｔ包Ｋでマジ良かったって思うよ(｀･ω･´)
だってそのおかげで、初めての時は２０マソも貰えたもん（・∀・） ちなみにティンカス付..
Weblog : みし ゃTracked : 2008-09-28 02:29
Excerpt : 先週の『週報』でも話題の『リーマン・ブラザーズ』ですが、実は過去にPCネットワークのセットアップみたいな仕事をしていた時に、当時溜池の『アークヒルズ』にあったオフィスに出入りしていたことがあります。（..Weblog : 課長ほど素敵なショーバイはない！？Tracked : 2008-09-29 15:12 Excerpt : 子供のころから不思議だったことがある。 「 銀行は利息をつけてお金を返しているのに何で儲かるの？ 」
ということで、今回は銀行についての話。そして、これからの経済についての話。 ここのところ世界経済..
Weblog : 地方の中規模印刷会社で苦悩するWebデザイナー改めWebディレクターの日記Tracked : 2008-11-30 11:28 Excerpt : アメリカ大統領に就任したばかりのバラク・フセイン・オバマ・ジュニア氏のファビコンを公開します。
... Weblog : ファビコン 工 房Tracked : 2009-01-22 00:46 Excerpt : 歌原奈緒のイメージDVD 「奈緒の栞」のメイキング映像を発見!やじうまサタデー（テレビ朝日）でお天気キャスターを担当している歌原奈緒さんが初のイメージDVD「奈緒の栞」を発売が決...
Weblog : 《 歌原 奈緒 》 が 「 奈緒の栞」で大胆になる!?
Tracked : 2010-12-08 13:15 Excerpt : 矢吹春奈と折口社長が体の関係!?
ネット上で矢吹春奈と某社長折口氏が体の関係をもっていると話題になっていたのですが…ネット上に流失していた矢吹春奈さんが体の関係をもったとされる矢吹春奈さんと折口..Weblog : 《 矢吹春 奈 》 と折口の枕が流失!?
Tracked : 2010-12-08 13:30
Excerpt : 篠田麻里子の熱愛相手は社長だった!?
AKB48の中でもトップの位置をキープしてWeblog : 篠田麻里子/社長と熱愛/流失!?Tracked : 2010-12-08 13:37 Excerpt : 吉野紗香がFRIDATでヌ-ド姿に!メイキング映像発見したのでご紹介! [ 画像 ] [ 画像 ] 今回の吉野紗香さん がFRIDATで見せたヌ-ド姿は今まで見せてきたのとは、また違った感じでしかもメイキ..
Weblog : 《 まとめ》吉野紗香がFRIDATで大胆にヌ-ド!Tracked : 2010-12-08 13:50
Excerpt : JUGEMテーマ：グラビアアイドル紹介滝沢乃南がグラビアを引退したら、即AVデビューが待っている!?
Ｉカップの爆乳グラビアアイドル・滝沢乃南がグラビアを引退後AVデビューすると噂が囁かれている。現..
Weblog : 《 滝沢乃南》が引退…人類最強でAVデビュー!?Tracked : 2010-12-08 14:07 Excerpt : 小林麻央さんが元彼とプリクラ機の中でラブラブ中&元彼との流失動画を発見!ネット上で小林麻央さんが彼女とプリクラでラブラブしているところ&元彼と個人的に撮影した流失映像...
Weblog : 【小林麻央】が元彼との流失映像発見!Tracked : 2010-12-08 14:24 Excerpt : 森 口博子さんがシャワーを入っている時に彼氏に撮影された流失動画を発見! [ 画像 ]
森 口博子さんは元バラドルとしても活躍していた彼女が…
元彼の仕業だとネット上の噂では言われていますが、
森 口博子.. Weblog : 元祖バラドル 《 森口博子 》 のシャワー流失動画!Tracked : 2010-12-08 15:22 Excerpt : JUGEM テーマ：倉科カナ 倉科カナのイメー ジDVD ぽろんって見えちゃった!?動画発見!
連続テレビ小説など、ドラマやCMなどでも活躍中の倉科カナちゃんのイメージDVDの動画を見ていたんだけど…倉..
Weblog : 《 倉科カナFカップぽろりんちょVv》Tracked : 2010-12-08 15:47 Excerpt : 渡辺奈緒子のヘア画像&動画を発見!
渡辺奈緒子さんがAVで人気のみひろの映画nudeで主演で出演した渡辺奈緒子さんが完全にヘアヌ-ドになったヘア画像を発見。 しかも渡辺奈緒子さんのヘ..
Weblog : 《 渡辺奈緒子》がnudeで見せたヘア画像特集 !
Tracked : 2010-12-08 16:20
Excerpt : 過激なシーンなためにカットされてしまったGANTZでの夏菜ちゃんのヌ-ド動画発見!映画GANTZで過激なシーンの一つの夏菜ちゃんの体を張ったヌ-ドシーンがカットされてしまったと聞いてシ...
Weblog : 《夏菜のGANTZ未公開ヌ-ド動画発見!》 Tracked : 2010-12-08 17:08 Excerpt : 葵つかさがアリスJAPANで本性を見せる!?絶対少女動画発見!
アリスJAPANWeblog : 絶対少女 葵つかさ アリスjapのブ ロ
グTracked : 2010-12-08 17:53 Excerpt : JUGEM テーマ：夜用動画 桐谷ユリアの最 新AV 動画「 First Impression 」をご紹介 !
「 First Impression 」で１０年に一度の逸材!極上美女の肩書でAVデビューする桐..
Weblog : 【動画】桐谷ユリアAVビュー「 First Impression 」 Tracked : 2010-12-08 18:02 Excerpt : 葵つかさがアリスJAPANで本性を見せる!?絶対少女動画発見!
アリスJAPANからAVデビューした関西の着エ口の葵つかさのデビュー作品「絶対少女」の動画を発見しました!最近みつけた新人さんなん..
Weblog : 《 アリ スJAPAN 》葵つかさAVの絶対少女/動画発見!Tracked : 2010-12-08 18:07 Excerpt : 桐谷ユリアの最新AV 動画「 First Impression 」をご紹介 ! 「 First Impression 」で１０年に一度の逸材!極上美女の肩書でAVデビューする桐谷ユリアちゃんの最新のAV動画を発..
Weblog : 【動画】桐谷ユリアAVビュー「 First Impression 」 Tracked : 2010-12-08 18:12 Excerpt : 渡辺奈緒子のヘア画像&動画を発見!渡辺奈緒子さんがAVで人気のみひろの映画nudeで主演で出演した渡辺奈緒子さんが完全にヘアヌ-ドになったヘア画像を発見。しかも渡辺奈緒子さんの...
Weblog : 《 渡辺奈緒子》がnudeで見せたヘア画像特集!Tracked : 2010-12-08 18:30
Excerpt : 過激なシーンなためにカットされてしまった
GANTZでの夏菜ちゃんのヌ-ド動画発Weblog : 《夏菜のGANTZ未公開ヌ-ド動画発見!》 Tracked : 2010-12-08 18:44
American missiles are not the only threat to Iran ’s physical stability .
A geological study has found that the nation ’s groundwater is running so low from decades of over - use that many parts of the country have sunk dramatically , causing damage in both agricultural and urban areas .
[ social_buttons ]
Fifty percent of the country ’s water is sourced from the wells and only ten percent of the population is able to survive on rainwater alone .
The groundwater level has decreased by 1.5 feet annually for the past 15 years , and with little rain and increased water use for Iran ’s growing population , the aquifers have had no chance to refill .
As a result , some areas have been sinking up to 20 inches a year .
A team of researchers from the German Research Centre for Geosciences compared satellite imagery with water table figures and found a correlation .
“ Most of the aquifers have recharge times of thousands of years , ” said Mahdi Motagh , who led the research .
“ We see sinkholes and cracks that can be one or two meters wide and several meters deep . ”
Earthquakes in the region could also become more severe under the dry conditions , Motagh added .
The problem is not unique to Iran .
Many basin areas worldwide have had similar problems in the past , including the California ’s Bay Area .
The solution was simple enough in that case — they began to pump water from the Sierras instead of digging wells — but Iran will have a tougher time since rainfall in the country could soon become scarcer than ever .
Climate scientists predict that global warming will only make arid regions like Iran even drier .
Photo Credit : Zongo69 on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Other Posts Relating to Water and Climate Change :
Taser use in naked man 's death broke rules , NYPD says David Edwards
Published : Thursday September 25 , 2008
Print This Email This " The firing of a Taser stun gun that led a man to fall from a building ledge to his death Wednesday in Brooklyn appeared to have violated departmental guidelines , the police said on Thursday , " The New York Times reports .
The statement begins , " On Wednesday , September 24 at approximately 1:50 PM , members of the NYPDs Emergency Service Unit responded to the report of an emotionally disturbed person at 489 Tompkins Avenue in Brooklyn .
The individual , Inman Morales , fled out the window of his third - floor apartment to the fire escape .
After unsuccessfully trying to enter the apartment of a fourth - floor neighbor from the fire escape , Morales fled to the second - floor fire escape , and from there onto the housing of a roll - down security gate , which was 10 - feet , five inches from the sidewalk . "
Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne , New York City Police Department notes that none of the " officers on the scene were positioned to break his fall , nor did they devise a plan in advance to do so . "
" The order to employ the Taser under these circumstances appears to have violated guidelines , re-issued June 4 , 2008 , which specifically state that ' when possible , the CED should not be used in situations where the subject may fall from an elevated surface , ' " the statement continues .
" The lieutenant who directed the use of the Taser has been placed on modified assignment , " Browne writes .
" The officer has been assigned to administrative duties .
The Brooklyn District Attorney has asked that neither officer be interviewed by the Police Department as the investigation into this incident continues . "
The Times reports , " The use of Tasers in New York has a troubled history .
In the early 1980s , the police were condemned for using them to force drug suspects to confess .
Mr. Kelly , then a deputy inspector , was assigned to reform the police practices . "
" The study on police shootings , which urged the department to consider expanding its use of Tasers , was conducted by the RAND Corporation and commissioned seven weeks after the shooting of Sean Bell , who died in a hail of 50 police bullets in Queens on his wedding day in November 2006 , " reports the New York Times .
This video is from NYPost.com , broadcast September 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Full NYPD statement follows :
####
On Wednesday , September 24 at approximately 1:50 PM , members of the NYPDs Emergency Service Unit responded to the report of an emotionally disturbed person at 489 Tompkins Avenue in Brooklyn .
The individual , Inman Morales , fled out the window of his third - floor apartment to the fire escape .
After unsuccessfully trying to enter the apartment of a fourth - floor neighbor from the fire escape , Morales fled to the second - floor fire escape , and from there onto the housing of a roll - down security gate , which was 10 - feet , five inches from the sidewalk .
As an ESU officer was in the process of securing himself on the second - floor fire escape , Morales jabbed at him with an eight - foot long florescent light .
An ESU lieutenant directed another ESU officer on the sidewalk to employ a Conducted Energy Device ( CED ) , commonly known as a Taser , against Morales , who fell to the sidewalk , striking his head .
He was removed to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead .
While officers had radioed for an inflatable bag as the incident unfolded , it had not yet arrived at the scene when Morales fell .
None of the ESU officers on the scene were positioned to break his fall , nor did they devise a plan in advance to do so .
The order to employ the Taser under these circumstances appears to have violated guidelines , re-issued June 4 , 2008 , which specifically state that when possible , the CED should not be used in situations where the subject may fall from an elevated surface . 
The lieutenant who directed the use of the Taser has been placed on modified assignment .
The officer has been assigned to administrative duties .
The Brooklyn District Attorney has asked that neither officer be interviewed by the Police Department as the investigation into this incident continues .
Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne , New York City Police Department
####
New 527 Group Plans Attack on Obama Themes
by Josh Gerstein
Mon , 8 Sep 2008 at 12:56 AM
Republican political strategists in California are setting up a new political organization which hopes to run television commercials undermining the central themes of Senator Obama 's presidential campaign while underscoring the strengths of his Republican opponent , Senator McCain of Arizona .
Leadership for America 's Future was formally created on Thursday by a Sacramento , Calif . - based attorney , Thomas Hiltachk , according to a form registering the so - called 527 group with the Internal Revenue Service .
The organization 's slick Web site includes a 30 - second video ( click on " MEDIA " ) that shows images of war and misery around the world as an announcer gravely warns of the dangers of putting America in untested hands .
" It 's not always the world we dream of .
It can be belligerent and unpredictable , where an unsure response can have lasting consequences for generations , " the announcer says over a montage that includes a plane crashing into the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 and video of an American flag fluttering at the gutted site after the terrorist attacks .
" No matter how eloquently spoken , hoping for change wo n't change the world .
Only the strength of experience can do that . "
Other portions of the Web site pay tribute to leaders such as presidents Reagan , Eisenhower , and Lincoln , as well as Mayor Giuliani , and " the American Soldier . "
The site was created by a Sacramento - based political consulting and advocacy firm which does work for Republican candidates , McNally Temple Associates , Inc .
One of the partners in that firm , Raymond McNally , told The New York Sun last night that no solid funding was lined up for the so - called 527 group .
" We wanted to get this up and running , have something for people to look at and kick the tires , " Mr. McNally said .
He said he was inspired to start the group after traveling to Iraq and Israel earlier this year .
" I came back believing the election is about how we conduct ourselves internationally .
There 's a lot at stake because countries like Iran are sitting there and are not going to be happy until they incinerate Israel , " Mr. McNally said .
" It 's not just domestic issues that will decide America 's future . "
Neither the video nor the site mentions Mr. Obama or Mr. McCain .
A disclaimer on the Web says that the group will not " advocate the defeat or election of any candidate . "
However , the language in the online video seems clearly intended to cut at the Democratic presidential nominee , Mr. Obama , while boosting Mr. McCain .
Asked if the script should be understood that way , Mr. McNally said , " The bottom line , honestly , is people will interpret it as they will .
This is the world the way we see it .
We 'll leave it to the viewers to walk away taking away what they will . "
The new organization could be particularly attractive to Republican donors , since Mr. McCain 's campaign is relying on public funding and will likely be outspent several times by Mr. Obama , who is not .
A link to contribute on the site was not active last night , but in an indication that the group may seek to keep its donors secret the site indicates that gifts are " not .reportable under federal law . "
Mr. McNally supported Mr. Giuliani in the Republican primary , but the consultant said the new group has no tie to the former mayor despite touting him as a personification of courageous leadership .
" We were looking around for people who are bona fide leaders .
By anyone 's means , Giuliani conducted himself in a strong and frankly heroic fashion after 9/11 .
He steeled our nerves and reassured us , " Mr. McNally said .
" It is the purpose of the association to educate the public on the traits of leadership , " Mr. Hiltachk wrote in the IRS filing registering the group under Section 527 of the tax code , which is reserved for political organizations .
The lawyer did not return phone or e-mail messages last evening seeking comment for this article .
If the group 's purpose is solely educational , it could have registered under section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the tax code as a charity .
In that event , donations would have been tax deductible .
However , the 527 registration signifies a political purpose , even if the group claims not to be expressly supporting any political candidate .
Mr. Hiltachk drew significant press attention last year for launching a drive for a referendum that would have reallocated California 's electoral votes by Congressional district , effectively giving the Republican candidate about 20 of the state 's 55 electoral votes instead of the zero the GOP candidate has gotten in recent elections under the winner - take - all system .
The effort was attacked by Democrats as an underhanded attempt to fix the election for the Republicans and in particular , as a proxy for Mr. Giuliani 's campaign .
Last September , Mr. Hiltachk resigned , citing his difficulty in getting full disclosure of funding for the electoral vote referendum .
A New York hedge fund manager who supported Mr. Giuliani , Paul Singer , later disclosed that he had given $ 175,000 to collect signatures for the referendum .
The drive was ultimately abandoned , at least for this year .
Related Topics : General Election
Latest Politics Homepage
There 's a mantra here at the Ars Orbiting HQ when staffers and freelancers invariably switch from whatever to the Mac , and then find themselves stuck when it comes to watching their porn video collections .
" PERIAN , " everyone chants .
" Duh , Perian .
Maybe VLC but ... Perian . "
Perian , known as the " Swiss - army knife of QuickTime components , " is an extremely popular QuickTime plugin that allows you to watch a huge variety of video codecs from within Apple 's native video player .
( Read an interview we did in 2006 with Perian lead developer Augie Fackler . )
The software went 1.0 in the summer of 2007 , so why are we talking about it now ?
Well yesterday , the Perian team released version 1.1.1 .
A x.x.1 release may not normally be something we write about , but the list of changes is pretty extensive for a mere x.x.1 release .
Taken straight from the support page , the changes include :
H.264 in AVI fixed
Some anamorphic AVI files are now supported
Performance problems due to PIC fixed with Xcode 3.1
Incorrect frame skipping on H.264 intra frames fixed
Better character set detection
The update checker is now much more polite
Several parsing and rendering bugs with subtitles fixed
Player freezing while loading subtitles with embedded fonts fixed
Audio fixed for some older MKV files with AAC / FLAC
Strange values in MKV chapters or video sizes are handled better
Initial support for SAMI subtitles added
Worked around a QuickTime bug ( #5770288 ) causing frames to be lost during export
New codecs : DosBox ZMBV , VP6 + Alpha , Nellymoser ASAO
FFmpeg : Crashing on PPC G3 fixed
Fraps decoding artifacts fixed
Whew , I 'm so glad someone addressed the rudeness in the update checker ; I was beginning to get seriously offended .
Considering that it has been just over half a year since the 1.1 release ( and nothing in between then and 1.0 ) , perhaps this update deserves a little more credit .
Regardless , if you 're a Perian fan like we are , then it's in your best interest to update and make sure you can keep up - to - date on all of the latest codecs that the , ahem , video world is using .
As usual , Perian is entirely free , so get to downloading already !
In science fiction , it 's one zap of a laser gun , and you 're dead .
But real - life energy weapons likely wo n't work that way .
Take the Advanced Tactical Laser ( ATL ) that U.S. Special Forces have begun to test - fire .
Intended for " covert strikes , " the ATL has been sold on its ability to blast away with pinpoint accuracy .
A very rough estimate shows , however , that the effects when you target an individual are not quite what you might expect .
The ATL 's laser beam is widely quoted as being ten centimeters wide at the target .
It 's exact power has never been stated , but it 's somewhere in the hundred - kilowatt class .
( The ATL has a single 12,000 lb laser module while the " megawatt class " Airborne Laser fourteen moduleseach of which is slightly larger , so a hundred kilowatts looks like a reasonable estimate .
In addition a hundred kilowatts was the power of the original flying laser , the Airborne Laser Laboratory , and it's the target which new solid state lasers are aiming for , so it seems to be a sort of benchmark for weapons - grade lasers . )
It may be somewhat higher ( or lower ) .
But by applying a little basic physics we can get a ballpark estimate of what this might do to flesh .
For simplicity , I 'll assume flesh has similar properties to water .
The heat capacity of water is about 4.2 joules per gram per degree centigrade .
The heat of vaporization ( the energy needed to turn water at boiling point to steam ) is 2261 joules per gram .
So if the beam stays on the same spot of the target for a full two seconds –- which is a very long time under the circumstances –- it would in theory boil off a disc around one centimeter deep .
In real life , the laser would be much less effective , as smoke and steam would rapidly degrade the effectiveness of the beam .
Also in real life , the energy is likely to be focused at the center of the beam .
And flesh is not water .
And nobody is going to hand around being lasered that long …
But we 're just trying to get a general idea of orders of magnitude here .
Bullets are lethal when they damage a vital organ ( like the heart or the brain ) or when they cause rapid blood loss .
Most likely , a laser of this type would not easily be able to go deep enough to affect a vital organ .
Plus , the laser would will be self - cauterizing , with the heat sealing off blood vessels .
It 's not going to kill you quickly .
While research in this area tends to be classified .
But from what we know , the Air Force considers laser effects on eyes and skin , for the most part .
Skin damage is very much easier to achieve than penetration ; simply raising skin temperature to ( say ) 80C / 180 f to a depth of a couple of millimeters will cause serious blistering ( second - third degree burns ) .
If 40 % of the body is burned in this way , then the target will be disabled and may die .
A rough calculation suggests that exposed skin would be blistered / burned in under a twentieth of a second , so the beam could play over the target at quite a high rate .
It 's unclear whether clothing would have much protective effect or whether it would simply ignite and cause secondary burns .
So instead of " zap - and - you 're - dead " in normal science fiction style , with a hundred kilowatt laser , it 's more a matter of spraying the target all over to ensure they 're done .
The description of the ATL as a " long range blow torch " is probably quite accurate .
With this type of weapon , the effects are more like napalm than bullets .
Humanitarian protests are likely .
And one accidental lasering of a civilian could be enough to prevent the ATL being used as an anti-personnel weapon .
Higher power lasers and smaller beam diameters might be able to get a cleaner kill .
The Airborne Laser is several times more powerful than the ATL , but is a huge device mounted in a 747 .
Very short pulse lasers can produce explosive effects on flesh , but they are a different matter to to continuous beams like the ATL , and I suspect will prove to be much more useful .
Incidentally , you can do the same sort of calculations for the Active Denial System ( aka the pain beam ) which is also rated at around a hundred kilowatts but which has a beam diameter of two meters .
Some have alleged that the non-lethal ADS can be set to be deadly .
In reality , it could only become a " death ray " with a much higher power or much smaller beam diameter , neither of which is feasible with the current design .
If you really wanted to kill people using microwaves , you would use something with a much longer wavelength / lower frequency than the 95 GHz ADS , but that 's another story …
Footnote : Tank Zapping At the Speed Of Light
How about busting tanks with the ATL ?
Well , if we conveniently ignore reflection , heat conduction and other complications and just look at the heat requirement , then the best you can hope for a hundred - kilowatt laser with a ten - centimeter spot diameter is that it can melt through a centimeter of steel in around eight seconds .
If you have to vaporize the metal it will take longer .
Since the ATL can only fire for a maximum of around 30 seconds each time , it may not be very useful against armored vehicles .
However , it should work fairly well against pressurized vessels used for gas storage or munitions ( rockets , missiles etc ) which can be set off by heating their outer skin .
[ Photo : USAF ]
ALSO :
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity climbed out of Victoria Crater following the tracks it had made when it descended into the 800 - meter - diameter ( half - mile - diameter ) bowl nearly a year earlier .
After a two - year stay in Mar's Victoria Crater , NASA'sOpportunity rover will be moving on to an even bigger playground .
The rover has set its sights on a crater called Endeavour , more than 20 times larger than Victoria .
To get there , Opportunity will have todrive approximately 7 miles ( 12 km ) to the southeast , matching the totaldistance it has traveled since landing on Mars in January 2004 .
The rover climbedout of Victoria Crater earlier this month .
" We may not get there , but it is scientifically theright direction to go anyway , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , principal investigator for the science instruments on Opportunity and its robotictwin Spirit .
" This crater is staggeringly large compared to anything we 'veseen before . "
The Endeavour crater , a bowl 13.7 miles ( 22 km ) across , should offer the chance to study a much deeper stack of rock layers than thoseOpportunity saw in Victoria Crater .
" I would love to see that view from the rim , " Squyres said .
" But even if we never get there , as we move southward weexpect to be getting to younger and younger layers of rock on the surface .
Also , there are large craters to the south that we think are sources of cobblesthat we want to examine out on the plain .
Some of the cobbles are samples oflayers deeper than Opportunity will ever see , and we expect to find morecobbles as we head toward the south . "
Just getting to the new crater itself will be a feat .
Therover team estimated that even if Opportunity travels about 110 yards ( about100 meters ) each day , the journey could take two years .
" This is a bolder , more aggressive objective than wehave had before , " said John Callas , the project manager for both Marsrovers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" It 'stremendously exciting .
It 's new science .
It 's the next great challenge forthese robotic explorers . "
Opportunity , like Spirit , is well past its expected lifetimeon Mars , and might not keep working long enough to reach the crater .
However , two new resources not available during the 4 - mile ( 6.4 - km ) drive toward VictoriaCrater in 2005 and 2006 are expected to aid in this new trek .
One boon will be satellite images of the ground taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's MarsReconnaissance Orbiter , which arrived in Mars orbit in 2006 .
This tool cancapture details smaller than the rover itself .
" HiRISE allows us to identify drive paths and potentialhazards on the scale of the rover along the route , " Callas said .
" This is a great example of how different parts of NASA 's Mars Exploration Program reinforce each other . "
Other advantages come from a new version of flight softwareuplinked to Opportunity and Spirit in 2006 , boosting their ability toautonomously choose routes and avoidhazards such as sand dunes .
During its first year on Mars , Opportunity found geologicalevidence that the area where it landed had surface and underground water in thedistant past .
The rover ' sexplorations since have added information about how that environmentchanged over time .
Finding rock layers above or below the layers alreadyexamined adds windows into later or earlier periods of time .
According to reports , the big search engine company is preparing to build its own adblocker and add it to the Chrome web browser .
The mentioned feature is expected to be added to both desktop and mobile Chrome browser versions .
We remind you that Google is gaining most of its revenues from advertising and this might be a quite strange move that could have a big impact on its earnings .
However , let ’s not forget that we ’re talking about Google and we ’re pretty sure that the company knows well what it is doing .
In concordance with Wall Street Journal , Google ’s ad blocker will only target adverts that the “ Coalition for Better Ads ” is considering “ unacceptable . ”
We remind you that this industry group has been founded in 2016 and Google is one of the members .
There are already speculations saying that the Google Chrome built - in adblocker will not block all ads and the big search engine company will still keep on getting good revenues from them .
A Google spokesperson claimed that the company is working closely with Coalition for Better Ads and industry trades to explore a multitude of ways that Google along other members of the Coalition could support “ Bette Ads Standards . ”
If the built - in adblocker proves to be true , then Google is actually not keeping its word , after last year , it claimed that it will stay away from developing one .
However , if the built - in adblocker will not block ALL ads from all website , we ’re pretty sure that the users will just still use one that does its job entirely .
The bad thing is that there are already rumors claiming that Google might just block other adblockers on its Chrome web browser , meaning that you will be allowed to have only the built - in adblocker activated .
Do you think that Google Chrome will receive an adblocker sometime soon ?
By Mark Dummett
BBC News , Dhaka
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The sewers of Dhaka , Bangladesh 's overcrowded and polluted capital city , are as unpleasant as you could imagine .
But they are also an incredible source of income for a small group of men who do not mind getting their hands dirty .
They earn their living by finding tiny specks of gold that are accidentally brushed into the open sewers that run alongside the narrow streets of Dhaka 's historic gold bazaar .
With the price of gold hitting $ 1,000 an ounce for the first time earlier this year , these specks are worth more than ever before .
The men pan for gold in the drains in exactly the same way as the treasure - seekers of the legendary Californian gold rush of the 1850s .
Mohammed Harun gave me a demonstration .
He swirled his pan around , full of dirty black water , stones , sand and other matter .
Then , he gently isolated bits he wanted a closer look at , using his orange - brown stained fingers .
' Some luck ' " I used to think that this work was really nasty , " he said .
" But I 'm used to it now , its just my job , and it brings me money . "
The morning I met Harun , he reckoned that he and his two friends , who all work together as a team , had found about $ 50 worth of gold , as well as some small bits of silver and even a tiny red jewel .
It is no fortune , but it is enough for the three men to feed their families for several days .
There are 350 gold shops and workshops in Dhaka " Today we 've had some luck .
We cannot work much during the monsoon as when it rains the sewers are washed clean , " he said .
Further along the street , Salahuddin , an older man with white hair , was working alone .
He crouched low over the stinking drain , and with one hand scooped out mud in a small metal bowl , and with the other took rapid puffs on a cigarette .
" I earn about $ 12 a day looking for gold like this , and if I 'm lucky I 'll also find some ear - rings or something else that people have dropped down here , " Salahuddin said .
As he worked , a pipe carrying waste from somebody 's bathroom emptied into the sewer and upstream a man urinated .
Meanwhile , over the road , boys in white caps gathered at the door of their religious school , men walked past with baskets of pineapples on their heads , and Hindu shopkeepers lit incense and muttered prayers .
The street is called Tanti Bazaar , and it is the centre of Dhaka 's gold market .
Swept out
It is lined with shops selling gold jewellery , and there are dozens of small alleyways leading to workshops where the jewellery is made .
According to the local trade association , there are about 350 gold shops and workshops here in all , employing about 20,000 people .
They are mostly old family businesses , and little about them seems to have changed in centuries .
The gold is softened over charcoal fires or gas burners , and then fashioned into necklaces and ear - rings by men bent over low wooden desks .
Because of the rising prices , jewellery sales have dipped " Every morning all the workshops and gold shops are swept clean , " Salahuddin , the elderly gold panner , explained .
" And somehow or other bits of gold and other precious things are swept out too .
That is how it all ends up in our drains . "
But the record high price of gold has been more of a curse than a blessing for Tanti Bazaar .
Fewer customers are now buying gold than before , even though no Bangladeshi wedding is truly complete without gold jewellery for the bride .
People are already worse off because the price of their staple food , rice , has doubled in the past year , and fuel costs have soared .
As a result , businessmen estimate that as many as two - thirds of all workers in the market have been sacked this year .
" We 've had to lay off many of our employees because the high price of jewellery is scaring off our customers , " shop owner Prodip Ghosh said .
" This business is just no good anymore . "
This means that much less gold is now finding its way into the sewers , so Mohammed Harun and Salahuddin complain that they are earning less than last year .
The streets of Dhaka are not , after all , paved with gold .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ADMIN NOTICE
The title of this thread has been modified to reflect the reality that nothing happened that even remotely resembles the predictions of an alien space craft on October 14th , anywhere in the world .
Galactic Federation of Light spaceship to appear over Alabama for 3 days continuously beginning October 14 , 2008 .... TO LEADERS , GOVERNERS , POLITICIANS ANDALL PEOPLE OF EARTH ….
We wish it to be understood that on the 14th day of your month of October in the year 2008 a craft of great size shall be visible within your skies .
It shall be in the south of your hemisphere and it shall scan over many of your states .
We give to you the name of Alabama .
It has been decided that we shall remain within your atmosphere for the minimum of three of your twenty four hour periods .
During this time there will be much commotion upon your earth plane .
Your highest authorities will be intruding into ‘ our ’ atmospherics that surround our ship .
This ‘ security field ’ is necessary for us , as there shall take place a ‘ farce ’ from those in your world who shall try to deny that we come in LOVE .
KNOW OF THISWE COME TO ASSIST YOUR WORLD .WE DO NOT COME TO TAKE OVER .WE DO NOT COME TO DESTRUCT .WE COME TO GIVE YOU HOPE .
We are beings from other planets , who for many eons of your time have been preparing for these days ahead . ( ^_*) ~much love to you all [ edit on 10 - 23-2008 by Springer ]
Catching a few Zs on the clock is a bad idea .
It 's even worse when you 're in the cockpit of a commercial airliner , which is why the National Transportation Safety Board is trying to get the Federal Aviation Administration to wake up and do something about it .
Pilot fatigue is becoming a serious problem , with exhausted pilots occasionally skidding off runways and even flying miles beyond their destination because they were asleep at the yoke .
It 's already caused at least one deadly crash and the NTSB says its time to intervene .
" The Safety Board is extremely concerned about the risk and the unnecessary danger that is caused by fatigue in aviation , " says board chair Mark V. Rosenker .
" We 've seen too many accidents and incidents where human fatigue is a cause or contributing factor . "
Despite the concern , the board 's recommendations are vague at best and are no guarantee anything will actually happen to alleviate the problem .
The NTSB suggests the FAA develop a " fatigue management system "
that includes education programs and new scheduling procedures but falls short of requesting the FAA modify rules dictating how many hours pilots can work .
The FAA is holding a symposium next week on managing aviation fatigue and has invited representatives of the airlines , labor unions , aviation groups and scientists to discuss the problem .
FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown told the Honolulu Advertiser it will respond to the NTSB 's recommendations within three months but said many airlines already have programs addressing the issue .
" We will take a look at the ( NTSB ) recommendations and move forward based on the information we get as a result of that conference , " Brown said .
The fatigue - related incidents cited by the NTSB do n't exactly inspire confidence in the FAA 's current system .
In two of them , pilots either skidded off of or overran their runway , and in another , a plane crashed into a cluster of trees on its final landing approach , killing two pilots and 11 passengers .
If those examples are troubling , then this one is downright scary : Go !
Flight 1002 overshot the airport at Hilo , Hawaii by 26 miles and it took air traffic control 18 minutes to get a response from the flight crew .
The NTSB says both pilots were sound asleep .
If that 's not a sign that the FAA needs to do something fast , we do n't know what is .
Photo by Flickr user spcummings
Full Disclosure and the Boston Farecard Hack
In eerily similar cases in the Netherlands and the United States , courts have recently grappled with the computer - security norm of “ full disclosure , ” asking whether researchers should be permitted to disclose details of a fare - card vulnerability that allows people to ride the subway for free .
The “ Oyster card ” used on the London Tube was at issue in the Dutch case , and a similar fare card used on the Boston “ T ” was the center of the U.S. case .
The Dutch court got it right , and the American court , in Boston , got it wrong from the start — despite facing an open - and - shut case of First Amendment prior restraint .
The U.S. court has since seen the error of its ways — but the damage is done .
The MIT security researchers who were prepared to discuss their Boston findings at the DefCon security conference were prevented from giving their talk .
The ethics of full disclosure are intimately familiar to those of us in the computer - security field .
Before full disclosure became the norm , researchers would quietly disclose vulnerabilities to the vendors — who would routinely ignore them .
Sometimes vendors would even threaten researchers with legal action if they disclosed the vulnerabilities .
Later on , researchers started disclosing the existence of a vulnerability but not the details .
Vendors responded by denying the security holes ’ existence , or calling them just theoretical .
It was n’t until full disclosure became the norm that vendors began consistently fixing vulnerabilities quickly .
Now that vendors routinely patch vulnerabilities , researchers generally give them advance notice to allow them to patch their systems before the vulnerability is published .
But even with this “ responsible disclosure ” protocol , it ’s the threat of disclosure that motivates them to patch their systems .
Full disclosure is the mechanism by which computer security improves .
Outside of computer security , secrecy is much more the norm .
Some security communities , like locksmiths , behave much like medieval guilds , divulging the secrets of their profession only to those within it .
These communities hate open research , and have responded with surprising vitriol to researchers who have found serious vulnerabilities in bicycle locks , combination safes , master - key systems and many other security devices .
Researchers have received a similar reaction from other communities more used to secrecy than openness .
Researchers — sometimes young students — who discovered and published flaws in copyright - protection schemes , voting - machine security and now wireless access cards have all suffered recriminations and sometimes lawsuits for not keeping the vulnerabilities secret .
When Christopher Soghoian created a website allowing people to print fake airline boarding passes , he got several unpleasant visits from the FBI .
This preference for secrecy comes from confusing a vulnerability with information about that vulnerability .
Using secrecy as a security measure is fundamentally fragile .
It assumes that the bad guys do n’t do their own security research .
It assumes that no one else will find the same vulnerability .
It assumes that information wo n’t leak out even if the research results are suppressed .
These assumptions are all incorrect .
The problem is n’t the researchers ; it ’s the products themselves .
Companies will only design security as good as what their customers know to ask for .
Full disclosure helps customers evaluate the security of the products they buy , and educates them in how to ask for better security .
The Dutch court got it exactly right when it wrote : “ Damage to NXP is not the result of the publication of the article but of the production and sale of a chip that appears to have shortcomings . ”
In a world of forced secrecy , vendors make inflated claims about their products , vulnerabilities do n’t get fixed , and customers are no wiser .
Security research is stifled , and security technology does n’t improve .
The only beneficiaries are the bad guys .
If you ’ll forgive the analogy , the ethics of full disclosure parallel the ethics of not paying kidnapping ransoms .
We all know why we do n’t pay kidnappers :
It encourages more kidnappings .
Yet in every kidnapping case , there ’s someone — a spouse , a parent , an employer — with a good reason why , in this one case , we should make an exception .
The reason we want researchers to publish vulnerabilities is because that ’s how security improves .
But in every case there ’s someone — the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority , the locksmiths , an election machine manufacturer — who argues that , in this one case , we should make an exception .
We should n’t .
The benefits of responsibly publishing attacks greatly outweigh the potential harm .
Disclosure encourages companies to build security properly rather than relying on shoddy design and secrecy , and discourages them from promising security based on their ability to threaten researchers .
It ’s how we learn about security , and how we improve future security .
This essay previously appeared on Wired.com .
EDITED TO ADD ( 8/26 ) : Matt Blaze has a good essay on the topic .
EDITD TO ADD ( 9/12 ) : A good legal analysis .
Posted on August 26 , 2008 at 6:04 AM • 39 Comments
Google 's new web browser Chrome is fast , shiny , and requires users to sign their very lives over to Google before they can use it .
Today 's Internet outrage du jour has been Chrome 's EULA , which appears to give Google a nonexclusive right to display and distribute every bit of content transmitted through the browser .
Now , Google tells
Ars that it's a mistake , the EULA will be corrected , and the correction will be retroactive .
As noted by an attorney at Tap the Hive and various and sundry other sites , the Chrome EULA reads like a lot of Google 's other EULAs .
It requires users to " give Google a perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , royalty - free , and nonexclusive license to reproduce , adapt , modify , translate , publish , publicly perform , publicly display and distribute any Content which you submit , post or display on or through , the Services . "
" Services " seems like an odd way to describe a web browser , but the EULA makes clear that " Services " refers to " Google ’s products , software , services and web sites . "
The EULA 's indication that Google could republish anything even " displayed " in the browser sounded a tiny bit evil , even if Google might just be looking to stave off lawsuits .
Google has been in EULA trouble before over services like Google Docs .
In that case , the company changed the terms of service to clarify that , in the words of a spokesperson , " Your fantasy football spreadsheets are not going to end up shared with the world unless you want them to be . "
Here at Ars , our first thought on reading the EULA was that it looks a whole lot like the EULAs Google uses for other services , with the " content license " provision being an obvious example of this .
In fact , that 's basically what it was .
Google 's Rebecca Ward , Senior Product Counsel for Google Chrome , now tells Ars Technica that the company tries to reuse these licenses as much as possible , " in order to keep things simple for our users . "
Ward admits that sometimes " this means that the legal terms for a specific product may include terms that do n't apply well to the use of that product " and says that Google is " working quickly to remove language from Section 11 of the current Google Chrome terms of service .
This change will apply retroactively to all users who have downloaded Google Chrome . "
It 's worth noting that the EULA is largely unenforceable because the source code of Chrome is distributed under an open license .
Users could simply download the source code , compile it themselves , and use it without having to agree to Google 's EULA .
The terms of the BSD license under which the source code is distributed are highly permissive and impose virtually no conditions or requirements on end users .
So , there you have it : a tempest in a ( chrome ) teapot .
Not that it 's the only one ; as Ina Fried of News.com points out , Chrome 's " Omnibar " can also access all keystrokes a user types , and Google will store some of this information along with IP addresses .
Further reading :
Oops !
Something went wrong and we could n't process your request .
For further assistance , you may contact our customer service and provide the following details :
• The page that encountered the error ( Please provide the full url )
• What action that triggered the error
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In their first head - to - head debate , Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Barack Obama as a candidate who " does n't understand " the key issues the country faces , and Obama linked McCain to President Bush on several issues .
" I 'm afraid Sen .
Obama does n't understand the difference between a tactic and a strategy , " McCain said Friday as the two traded jabs over Iraq .
Obama shot back , " I absolutely understand the difference between tactics and strategy .
And the strategic question that the president has to ask is not whether or not we are employing a particular approach in the country once we have made the decision to be there . "
McCain drew from his experience overseas as he tried to portray himself as the more qualified candidate .
" Incredibly , incredibly Sen . Obama did n't go to Iraq for 900 days and never asked for a meeting with Gen . [ David ] Petraeus , " he said .
Watch McCain , Obama talk about fighting in Iraq »
McCain slammed Obama for not supporting the surge , an increase of about 30,000 troops to Iraq in early 2007 .
Bush sent the additional troops as part of a campaign to pacify Baghdad and its surrounding provinces .
" John , you like to pretend like the war started in 2007 , " Obama shot back .
" You talk about the surge .
The war started in 2003 , and at the time when the war started , you said it was going to be quick and easy .
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were .
You were wrong . "
Watch entire debate : Part 1 » | Part 2 » | Part 3 »
Obama repeatedly criticized the Bush administration and charged that McCain is an endorser of his policies .
See scenes from the debate »
In describing his tax plan , Obama said , " over time , that , I think , is going to be a better recipe for economic growth than the -- the policies of President Bush that John McCain wants to -- wants to follow . "
Obama also said the economic crisis is the " final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies promoted by George Bush , supported by Sen. McCain . "
Both candidates squeezed in a few cheap shots .
Obama brought up McCain 's jokingly singing a line about bombing Iran , and McCain jabbed Obama for his short - lived " presidential seal . "
Immediately after the debate , both campaigns issued statements declaring their candidate the winner .
Grade the candidates ' performance in the debate
" This was a clear victory for Barack Obama on John McCain 's home turf .
Sen .
McCain offered nothing but more of the same failed Bush policies , and Barack Obama made a forceful case for change in our economy and our foreign policy , " said Obama - Biden campaign manager David Plouffe .
" John McCain needed a game - changer tonight , and by any measure , he did n't get it , " he said .
iReport.com : Who do you think won the debate ?
McCain 's campaign said " there was one man who was presidential tonight ; that man was John McCain . "
" There was another who was political ; that was Barack Obama .
John McCain won this debate and controlled the dialogue throughout , whether it was the economy , taxes , spending , Iraq or Iran .
There was a leadership gap , a judgment gap and a boldness gap on display tonight , a fact Barack Obama acknowledged when he said John McCain was right at least five times , " communications director Jill Hazelbaker said .
Full coverage of the debates
During the first 30 minutes of the debate , the candidates focused on the economy , even though the debate was supposed to be centered on foreign policy .
For a while , it seemed like the debate might not even take place , because McCain said he would not show up unless Congress came to an agreement on the government 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan .
McCain said Friday that enough progress has been made for him to attend the debate , even though Congress has not made a deal .
Here 's a snapshot of what the candidates said .
On government spending :
McCain said he would consider a spending freeze on everything but defense , veterans affairs and entitlement programs in order to cut back on government spending .
Obama disagreed , saying , " The problem is , you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel .
" There are some programs that are very important that are currently underfunded , " Obama said .
He agreed that the government needs to cut spending in some areas , but he said other areas , such as early childhood education , need more funding .
McCain repeated his call to veto every bill with earmarks .
Watch the candidates spar over earmarks »
Obama said the country " absolutely " needs earmark reform but said , " the fact is , eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we are going to get the middle class back on track . "
On the bailout proposal :
Obama said that the United States was facing its worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
McCain said he was encouraged that Republicans and Democrats were working together to solve the crisis .
Obama refused to be pinned down on whether he would support a $ 700 billion plan proposed by President Bush 's top economic advisers , saying the final details of the proposal were not known .
McCain said he hoped to be able to vote for it .
On the likelihood of another terrorist attack :
McCain that another attack on the scale of the September 11 hijackings is " much less likely " now than it was the day after the terrorist attacks .
" America is safer now than it was on 9/11 , " he said , " But we have a long way to go before we can declare America safe . "
Obama agreed that the United States is " safer in some ways " but said the country needed to focus more on issues such as nuclear non-proliferation and restoring America 's image in the world .
On relations with Russia :
Obama called for a re-evaluation of the United States ' approach to Russia in light of the country 's recent military action in the Caucasus .
" You can not be a 21st - century superpower and act like a 20th - century dictatorship , " he said .
McCain accused Obama of responding naively to Russia 's invasion of neighboring Georgia last month by calling on both sides to exercise restraint .
McCain said he would support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in NATO .
On Iran :
McCain said Iranian nuclear weapons would be an " existential threat to the state of Israel " and would encourage other countries in the Middle East to seek nuclear weapons as well .
" We cannot allow another Holocaust , " he said .
Obama agreed that the United States " cannot tolerate a nuclear Iran , " calling for tougher sanctions from a range of countries including Russia and China .
McCain called for a new " league of democracies " to stand firm against Iran .
On Iraq :
McCain said the next president will have to decide when and how to leave Iraq and what the United States will leave behind .
The Republican candidate said that the war had been badly managed at the beginning but that the United States was now winning , thanks to a " great general and a strategy that succeeded . "
" Sen . Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq , " McCain said .
Obama responded , " that 's not true ; that 's not true . "
He blasted McCain as having been wrong about the war at the start , saying McCain had failed to anticipate the uprising against U.S. forces and violence between rival religious groups in the country .
Watch Obama tell McCain he was ' wrong ' »
" At the time when the war started , you said it was quick and easy .
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were , " Obama said , citing the key White House policy justifying the 2003 invasion .
" You were wrong .
You said that we were going to be greeted as liberators .
You were wrong , " he said .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain • U.S. Presidential Election
1 [ caption ] : Output from my revolutionary new Edge Detection Algorithm : 1 {photo of U2 , playing live on stage , with arrows pointing at The Edge}
Edge detection is a major topic of interest and research in image processing applications .
It refers to computational algorithms for determining where in an image there are features where the brightness changes suddenly ( or " edges " ) .
Often edges in an image are associated with the boundaries of physical objects - so edge detection is a tool useful for recognising three - dimensional objects in a two - dimensional image .
Some of you know that my day job is working in various optical and image processing fields .
So naturally I spend time thinking about edge detection .
I came up with what I think is a cool new method for detecting edges , and wrote some experimental code to try it out .
I was so excited by the results that I forwent a comic today just to show you the output on a typical sample image .
The sample image , by the way , is a photo of the rock band U2 , which was taken by Zachary Gillman and licensed with the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 licence .
Thanks for licensing your photo for this important and ground - breaking theoretical research , Zachary !
It 's good to see people providing their work pro bono .
I 've since expanded my research into other image processing algorithms .
I 've come up with a new way to add noise to images , in order to turn them into works of art :
And here 's the result of my new blur algorithm :
And convolution with an X - kernel :
There are whole mar­kets ( think cross­words , herbal sup­ple­ments , drugs , brain fit­ness soft­ware ) aimed at help­ing us improve our mem­o­ry .
Now , what is “ mem­o­ry ” ?
how does the process of mem­o­ry work ?
Dr. Bill Klemm , Pro­fes­sor of Neu­ro­science at Texas A&M Uni­ver­si­ty , explains a very impor­tant con­cept below .
- Alvaro
— —-
Get­ting from Here to There :
Mak­ing Mem­o­ry Con­sol­i­da­tion Work
By Bill Klemm , Ph. D .
Until con­sol­i­da­tion has occurred , a short - term mem­o­ry is very vul­ner­a­ble , as all of us have expe­ri­enced from look­ing up a phone num­ber only to have some dis­trac­tion cause us to lose the num­ber before we can get it dialed .
What is “ con­sol­i­da­tion ” ?
Brain researchers use the term “ con­sol­i­da­tion ” for the process where­by short - term mem­o­ry gets made more per­ma­nent .
Here , I would like to dis­cuss some aspects of con­sol­i­da­tion that many peo­ple may not know about : why sleep is so impor­tant , why mem­o­ry must be prac­ticed , and how test­ing pro­motes con­sol­i­da­tion .
1. Over-train­ing : You Can Learn Too Much
Exper­i­ments have shown that human mem­o­ry per­for­mance unex­pect­ed­ly dete­ri­o­rat­ed if learn­ing ses­sions were increased to four 60 - minute ses­sions at reg­u­lar inter­vals on the same day .
In oth­er words , the more the sub­jects were trained , the poor­er they per­formed .
How­ev­er , this inter­fer­ence did not occur if sub­jects were allowed to nap for 30 –60 min­utes between the sec­ond and third ses­sions .
It is hard to explain why over - train­ing dis­rupts per­for­mance , but I sus­pect that as train­ing tri­als are repeat­ed the infor­ma­tion starts to inter­fere with mem­o­ry con­sol­i­da­tion , per­haps because of bore­dom or fatigue in the neur­al cir­cuits that medi­ate the learn­ing .
Nap­ping must have a restora­tive func­tion that com­pen­sates for the neg­a­tive effects of over - train­ing .
What all this sug­gests is that mem­o­ry con­sol­i­da­tion would be opti­mized if learn­ing occurred in short ses­sions that are repeat­ed but only with inter­ven­ing naps and on dif­fer­ent days with reg­u­lar night - time sleep .
In oth­er words , repeat­ing long study peri­ods in the same day on the same task can be counter - pro­duc­tive .
This is yet anoth­er rea­son why stu­dents should not cram - study for exams .
Learn­ing should be opti­mized by rehears­ing the same learn­ing mate­r­i­al on sep­a­rate days where nor­mal sleep occurred each night .
Sources :
- Maquet , P. et al. 2002 .
Be caught nap­ping : you ’re doing more than rest­ing your eyes .
Nature Neu­ro­science . 5 ( 7 ) ; 618–619 . - Med­nick , Sara , et al. 2002 .
The restora­tive effect of naps on per­cep­tu­al deterioration .
Nature Neu­ro­science . 5 ( 7 ) : 677–681 .
2. Los­ing Your Past
Do you remem­ber the names of your ele­men­tary - school teach­ers ?
How about the name of the bul­ly in mid­dle school ?
Or names of your friends when you were a kid ?
These are all things you remem­bered well at one time and remem­bered for a long time .
But you may well have for­got­ten by now .
A recent study on rats sug­gests what it takes to sus­tain longer term mem­o­ries .
Rats in the study learned a “ bait shy­ness ” task .
Rats were giv­en a drink of sac­cha­rin - fla­vored water , and then short­ly after­wards inject­ed with lithi­um , which made them nau­se­at­ed .
This was a typ­i­cal con­di­tioned learn­ing sit­u­a­tion , as with Pavlov ’s dogs .
In this case , rats typ­i­cal­ly remem­bered to avoid such water for many weeks .
This is the basis for “ bait shy­ness . ”
If rats sur­vive a poi­son­ing episode , they will avoid that bait in the future .
In this exper­i­ment , one group of rats received an injec­tion direct­ly into the part of the brain that holds taste mem­o­ries .
This injec­tion con­tained a drug that blocks a cer­tain enzyme , a pro­tein kinase .
These rats lost their learned taste aver­sion .
The bad mem­o­ry was lost irre­spec­tive of when the injec­tion was made dur­ing the 25 days after learn­ing occurred .
Giv­ing the enzyme block­er before learn­ing had no effect on learn­ing to avoid the fla­vored water .
The pro­tein kinase thus seems to be nec­es­sary for sus­tain­ing a long - term mem­o­ry .
It is pos­si­ble that oth­er long - term mem­o­ries the rats may have had were also wiped out by the enzyme - block­ing drug .
So what is the prac­ti­cal impor­tance ?
I sug­gest that even “ long - term ” mem­o­ries have to get rehearsed or they may even­tu­al­ly for­got­ten .
Or if you do remem­ber , there is a good chance that the mem­o­ry is cor­rupt­ed , that is , not total­ly cor­rect .
The con­se­quence is that things that hap­pened long ago may be either for­got­ten , or mis­re­mem­bered .
What sus­tains the enzyme nec­es­sary for long - term mem­o­ry ?
I sus­pect it is rehearsal and peri­od­ic reac­ti­va­tion of the mem­o­ry .
Some sci­en­tists are excit­ed about the pos­si­bil­i­ty of devel­op­ing a drug to manip­u­late lev­els of the enzyme .
The prob­lem with that , how­ev­er , is that the drug could abol­ish old mem­o­ries that you might not want to for­get ( like your name ) or may cause you to remem­ber too much that is now irrel­e­vant .
Source : She­ma , R. , Sack­tor , T. C. , and Dudai , Y. 2007 .
Rapid era­sure of long - term mem­o­ry asso­ci­a­tions in the cor­tex by an inhibitor of PKM .
Sci­ence .
317:951–953 .
3. Test­ing Pro­motes Con­sol­i­da­tion
Tests do more than just mea­sure learn­ing .
Tests are learn­ing events .
That is , test­ing forces retrieval of incom­plete­ly learned mate­r­i­al and that very act of retrieval is a rehearsal process that helps to make the learn­ing more per­ma­nent .
Test­ing , and not actu­al study­ing , is the key fac­tor on whether or not learn­ing is con­sol­i­dat­ed into longer term mem­o­ry .
A recent report from Wash­ing­ton Uni­ver­si­ty in St. Louis , exam­ined the role that retrieval had on the abil­i­ty to recall that same mate­r­i­al after a delay of a week .
In the exper­i­ment , col­lege stu­dents were to learn a list of 40 for­eign lan­guage vocab­u­lary word pairs that were manip­u­lat­ed so that the pairs either remained in the list ( were repeat­ed­ly stud­ied ) or were dropped from the list once they were recalled .
It was like study­ing flash cards : one way is to keep study­ing all the cards over and over again ; the oth­er way is to drop out a card from the stack every time you cor­rect­ly recalled what was on the oth­er side of the card .
After a fixed study peri­od , stu­dents were test­ed over either the entire list or a par­tial list of only the pairs that had not been dropped dur­ing study .
Four study and test peri­ods alter­nat­ed back - to - back .
Stu­dents were also asked to pre­dict how many pairs they would be able to remem­ber a week lat­er , and their pre­dic­tions were com­pared with actu­al results on a final test a week lat­er .
The ini­tial learn­ing took about 3 – 4 tri­als to mas­ter the list , and was not sig­nif­i­cant­ly affect­ed by the strat­e­gy used ( rehears­ing the entire list or drop­ping items out as they were recalled ) .
On aver­age , the stu­dents pre­dict­ed that they would be able to remem­ber about half of the list on a test that was to be giv­en a week lat­er .
How­ev­er , actu­al recall a week lat­er var­ied con­sid­er­ably depend­ing on learn­ing con­di­tions .
On the final test , stu­dents remem­bered about 80 % of the word pairs if they had been test­ed on all the word pairs , no mat­ter whether they had been stud­ied mul­ti­ple times with all of them in the list or if they dropped cor­rect­ly recalled words from the list in lat­er study tri­als .
How­ev­er , recall was only about 30 % cor­rect when cor­rect­ly iden­ti­fied words were dropped from sub­se­quent tests , even though all words were stud­ied repeat­ed­ly .
In oth­er words , it was the repeat­ed test­ing , not the study­ing , that was the key fac­tor in suc­cess­ful longer - term mem­o­ry .
So , what is the prac­ti­cal appli­ca­tion ?
When using flash cards , for exam­ple , you need to fol­low each study ses­sion ( whether or not you drop cards from the stack because you know them ) , with a for­mal test over all the cards .
Then , repeat the process sev­er­al times , with study and test epochs back - to - back .
Can we extend this prin­ci­ple of fre­quent test­ing to oth­er kinds of learn­ing strate­gies ?
I would guess so .
Why does forced recall , as dur­ing test­ing , pro­mote con­sol­i­da­tion ?
It prob­a­bly relates to oth­er recent dis­cov­er­ies show­ing that each time some­thing is recalled the mem­o­ry is re-con­sol­i­dat­ed .
If the same infor­ma­tion is con­sol­i­dat­ed again and again , the mem­o­ry is pre­sum­ably rein­forced .
This study also showed that the sub­jects could not pre­dict how well they would remem­ber , which is con­sis­tent with my 45 years expe­ri­ence as a pro­fes­sor .
Stu­dents are fre­quent­ly sur­prised to dis­cov­er after an exam­i­na­tion that they did not know the mate­r­i­al as well as they thought they did .
Tests not only reveal what they know and do n’t know , but serve to increase how much they even­tu­al­ly learn .
If I were still teach­ing , I would give more tests .
And I would encour­age stu­dents to use self - test­ing as a rou­tine learn­ing strat­e­gy , some­thing that one study revealed to be a sel­dom - used strat­e­gy .
The repeat­ed self - tests should include all the study mate­r­i­al and not drop out the mate­r­i­al that the stu­dent thinks is already mas­tered .
Source : Karpicke , Jef­frey D. , and Roedinger , Hen­ry L. III .
2008 .
The crit­i­cal impor­tance of retrieval for learn­ing .
Sci­ence .
319 : 966–968 .
— W. R. ( Bill ) Klemm , D.V.M. , Ph.D. Sci­en­tist , pro­fes­sor , author , speak­er
As a pro­fes­sor of Neu­ro­science at Texas A&M Uni­ver­si­ty , Bill has taught about the brain and behav­ior at all lev­els , from fresh­men , to seniors , to grad­u­ate stu­dents to post - docs .
His recent books include Thank You Brain For All You Remem­ber and Core Ideas in Neu­ro­science .
Relations between the Australian and British Olympic teams have gone further down the gurgler after top Aussie official John Coates questioned the personal hygiene of British swimmers during a stunning Beijing press conference .
Coates ' comments came after Brits Rebecca Adlington and Joanne Jackson won gold and bronze medals respectively in the 400 m freestyle at the Water Cube yesterday .
Coates said the English swimming team 's efforts were " not bad for a country that has no swimming pools and very little soap " .
Apple 's new iPhone 3G will be shipped on July 11 in a potato starch paper tray .
Apple placed an order with Dutch company PaperFoam , which also makes packages for Motorola .
The company confirmed this today to Dutch blog Bright .
According to CEO Hans Arentsen , Apple ordered " millions of paperfoam packages " for its new 3G iPhone .
The company was established in 1998 in the Dutch rural town of Barneveld - best known for its poultry farming and egg production - with the idea to make products using potato starch as an important ingredient .
Once the injection molding technology was fine - tuned , the first commercial products came on line .
By 2004 , more than 150 million PaperFoam trays were being produced .
The first mainstream products were CD and DVD trays .
Later PaperFoam produced trays for the first generation iPod nano and iPod video .
Arentsen does n't want to reveal too many details , but says the iPhone will be delivered in a cardboard box with a starch tray ( the inner part of the box ) , which is fully recyclable .
The company claims a carbon footprint reduction of 90 per cent compared to plastic .
The product consists of 100 per cent natural resource , either potato starch or Tapioca starch .
In the past , Apple has often been criticised by Greenpeace for using Brominated Fire Retardants ( BFRs ) and Polyvinyl Chloride ( PVC ) in its products .
Last year , Apple CEO Steve Jobs promised a greener Apple . ®
The son of a democratic state representative from Tennessee is at the center of an online investigation into who broke in to the email account of vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and shared some of its contents with the world .
Representative Mike Kernell , told a reporter with the Tennessean that his 20 - year - old son , David , is the individual believed by bloggers to be involved in the hacked account .
David Kernell is a student at the University of Tennessee - Knoxville .
The FBI and Secret Service , which were reported to be investigating the breach , have yet to publicly identify David Kernell as a suspect .
The revelation follows a first - person account that was briefly posted to the 4 chan website by a user who went by the name Rubico .
Bloggers quickly linked the user to an email address belonging to David Kernell , but until now , that connection had not been confirmed .
Some bloggers say that the elder Kernell is a supporter of democratic candidate Barack Obama , but those claims could n't immediately be verified .
According to Rubico's account on 4 chan , it was n't until after he broke into Palin 's account that he realized the seriousness of the offense .
" it finally set in , THIS internet was serious business , " he wrote .
" yes I was behind a proxy , only one , if this shit ever got to the FBI I was fucked , I panicked . "
Rubico's mention of a proxy refers to Ctunnel.com , which as previously reported , was the service the the person posting accounts details online used in an attempt to cover his tracks .
As it turns out , the poster left almost the entire contents of the Ctunnel URL in screenshots , which is probably enough for the operator of the service to identify him .
Said operator , Gabriel Ramuglia , has been contacted by an FBI special agent and plans to turn over logs being sought in the investigation .
Rubico claimed the actual intrusion into Palin 's account was a relatively easy matter .
It began after Rubico read news accounts claiming Palin used gov.palin@yahoo.com in her official capacity of governor of Alaska - which , if true , would skirt the state 's open government laws .
Rubico then hacked Yahoo's password recovery feature .
In 45 minutes , he had her birth date , and two possible zip codes , and soon after that online research revealed Palin met her spouse , Todd , while they were students at Wasilla High School , in Alaska .
Presto , he had all the information he needed .
Rubico " promptly changed the password to popcorn and took a cold shower . "
The episode underscores the growing ability of computer security to interject itself into the highest echelons of politics .
Obama supporters are already using it as proof that a republican running for one of the highest offices in the land skirts laws she has sworn to uphold .
And it 's only a matter of time before Republicans claim the hack was part of a secret Democratic operation .
And for all this election drama , we have the startlingly weak security of Yahoo mail to thank and someone unscrupulous enough to exploit it .
Who would have thought ? ®
impeachforpeace.org
by mikael rudolph
The day after colleague Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) introduced a bill on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives to impeach President George W. Bush , bill cosigner Rep. Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) also became the 27th cosigner of H. Res. 333 calling for the impeachment of Vice President Richard Cheney .
Wexler ’s name was the first added to H. Res. 333 since March , when Rep. Pete Stark ( D - CA ) signed on .
Kucinich ’ comprehensive 35 - count resolution took nearly five hours to be read into the Congressional Record – first by Kucinich on Monday and then by House clerks on Tuesday – both broadcast live on C - SPAN .
Inexplicably , the national media has virtually ignored the Bush Impeachment resolution this week , with no mention of it in major newspapers and on national television across the land – with the exception of MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann , who featured it as the lead story on his program , “ Countdown ” on Tuesday night : http://impeachforpeace.org/impeach_bush_blog/?p=5392>[Video]
Olbermann on Bush Impeachment
( Source )
Scripps Atmospheric and Climate Sciences Professor V. Ramanathan .
Credit : Scripps Institution of Oceanography , UC San Diego
The earth will warm about 2.4° C ( 4.3° F ) above pre-industrial levels even under extremely conservative greenhouse - gas emission scenarios and under the assumption that efforts to clean up particulate pollution continue to be successful , according to a new analysis by a pair of researchers at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego .
That amount of warming falls within what the world 's leading climate change authority recently set as the threshold range of temperature increase that would lead to widespread loss of biodiversity , deglaciation and other adverse consequences in nature .
The researchers , writing in the online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , argue that coping with these circumstances will require " transformational research for guiding the path of future energy consumption . "
" This paper demonstrates the major challenges society will have to face in dealing with a problem that now seems unavoidable , " said the paper 's lead author , Scripps Atmospheric and Climate Sciences Professor V. Ramanathan .
" We hope that governments will not be forced to consider trade - offs between air pollution abatement and mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions . "
In their analysis , Ramanathan and co-author Yan Feng , a Scripps postdoctoral research fellow , assumed a highly optimistic scenario that greenhouse gas concentrations would remain constant at 2005 levels for the next century .
For the concentrations to remain at 2005 levels , the emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide must decrease drastically within the next decade .
Economic expansion , however , is expected to see emissions increase .
The researchers then analyzed expected future warming by assuming that the cooling effect of man-made aerosol pollution will be eliminated during the 21st Century .
Currently , particulate air pollution caused by fossil fuel combustion , forest fires and smoke from cooking and agricultural waste burning serves to mask global warming caused by greenhouse gases .
The smog does so chiefly by creating a dimming effect at Earth 's surface .
But mitigation of this type of pollution has been increasingly successful by countries around the world .
Because soot and similar particles remain airborne only for a matter of weeks , it is expected that clean - up efforts produce relatively immediate results .
Therefore , the authors based their projections of temperature increase assuming the absence of these pollutants in the atmosphere .
By contrast , greenhouse gases can remain in the atmosphere for decades or , in the case of carbon dioxide , more than a century .
Ramanathan and Feng estimated that the increase in greenhouse gases from pre-industrial era levels has already committed Earth to a warming range of 1.4° C to 4.3° C ( 2.5° F to 7.7° F ) .
About 90 percent of that warming will most likely be experienced in the 21st Century .
In 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change identified a temperature increase range between 1° C and 3 °C ( 1.8° F and 5.4 °F ) as the threshold at which society commits the planet to biodiversity loss and deglaciation in areas such as Greenland and the Himalayas .
The pace at which the world approaches the threshold depends in part on national and international air pollution reduction policies .
Despite the masking effects of atmospheric aerosols , the authors note that their removal is still an important objective because of the deleterious human health , agricultural and water supply effects of smog .
The authors point out that the real problem is not the reduction of air pollution , but it is the lack of comparable reductions in emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse gases to offset the reductions in the surface cooling effect of fog .
The paper also offers potential solutions .
" Given that a potentially large warming is already in our rear - view mirror , scientists and engineers must mount a massive effort and develop solutions for adapting to climate change and for mitigating it , " Ramanathan said .
" Drastic reduction of short - lived warming agents is one way to buy the planet time for developing cost - effective ways for reducing CO2 concentrations . "
Source : University of California - San Diego
Explore further Scientists offer companies a novel chemistry for greener polyurethane
The Berkeley DB library provides a solid implementation of both the B - Tree and Hash file structures .
The implementation includes support for transactions , concurrent access of database files from multiple processes , and secondary indexing as well as logging and recovery .
In this article , I use the term database to refer to a B - Tree or Hash maintained by Berkeley DB .
These databases allow rapid key to value look - ups .
The standard distribution of Berkeley DB comes with both a C and C++ API .
Unfortunately , the standard Berkeley DB C++ API is a very thin wrapper neglecting modern C++ designs , such as smart pointers , standard C++ I/ O streams , iterators , default arguments , operator overloading and so on .
As a concrete example of the lack of reference counted smart pointers , the Berkeley DB API for Db:: get ( ) , shown in Listing 1 , includes two Dbt pointers and the ownership of the memory for these is not immediately obvious .
Listing 1 . Standard Berkeley DB C++ API Db::get ( ) # include < db_cxx .h > int Db:: get ( DbTxn * txnid , Dbt * key , Dbt * data , u_int32_t flags ) ;
The STLdb4 Project was created to make using the Berkeley DB from C++ easier .
The STLdb4 API aims to make simple database interaction trivial while still keeping more advanced usage simple .
A Berkeley DB object behaves similarly to an STL collection allowing look - ups and the setting of elements using an overloaded array operator .
A full example program is shown in Listing 2 .
After execution , the file named with argv [ 1 ] will contain a Berkeley DB B - Tree file containing the foo -bar data pair .
The main class is the Database and the reference counted smart pointer for this class is called fh_database .
This trend is used throughout STLdb4 where the smart pointer for Foo is called fh_foo .
Databases can be opened either as in Listing 2 directly in the constructor or using the empty constructor and the open ( ) or create ( ) methods later .
The main difference between open and create is that create requires a database type ( for example B - Tree or Hash ) and will create a new database at the given path if none exists already .
In the example in Listing 2 , I do n't have to close the database explicitly , because the smart pointer to the Database object will handle that for me .
Listing 2 . STLdb4 Setting and Getting Values # include < iostream > # include < STLdb4/stldb4.hh > using namespace STLdb4 ; using namespace std ; int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { fh_database db = new Database ( DB_BTREE , argv [ 1 ] ) ; db [ " foo " ] = " bar " ; cerr << " foo is set to : " << db [ " foo " ] << endl ; return 0 ; } Standard STL collection methods , such as empty ( ) , size ( ) , insert ( ) , erase ( ) , count ( ) , begin ( ) , end ( ) , find ( ) , upper_bound ( ) and lower_bound ( ) , all exist in the Database class .
There are also partial versions of the latter three methods .
The partial versions allow the looking up of entries with part of a key in B - Tree files .
A bidirectional iterator object is returned by many of the above methods .
When storing large values in the database , using the standard I /O streams can be more efficient than using the get ( ) method or overloaded array operator .
This is because the standard I/O streams use partial read and write operations on the underlying Berkeley DB file .
A standard I/O stream is obtained using the getIStream ( ) and getIOStream ( ) methods of the Database class .
The example in Listing 3 shows the standard C++ I/O stream interface for STLdb4 .
The housekeeping of performing partial I/O to the Berkeley DB file is handled by STLdb4 .
Accessing large chunks of data through this API maintains a low memory consumption .
The API shows one of the used getIOStream ( ) calls as having a ferris_ios first parameter .
As the libferrisstreams library that STLd b4 uses offers generic I/ O stream support , the ferris_ios is a backward - compatible extension of the std::ios bitfield .
The extension allows specifying such things as memory mapped backing and sequential stream access to be nominated for use where supported .
The output from running this example is shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 3 . Standard C++ I/ O Streams for Berkeley DB Files # include < iostream > # include < STLdb4/stldb4.hh > using namespace STLdb4 ; using namespace Ferris ; using namespace std ; int main ( int , char ** ) { fh_database db = new Database ( DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ; string data = " 1234567890 " ; db [ " fred " ] = data ; cerr << " Initial value : " << db [ " fred " ] << endl ; { fh_iostream ss = db->getIOStream ( " fred " ) ; ss << " 54321 " ; } cerr << " Second value : " << db [ " fred " ] << endl ; { fh_iostream ss = db->getIOStream ( " fred " ) ; ss.seekp ( 3 ) ; ss << " AAAA " ; } cerr << " post seekp value : " << db [ " fred " ] << endl ; // truncate the iostream and write { Database : : iterator di = db-> find ( " fred " ) ; fh_iostream oss = di.getIOStream( ios :: trunc , 0 ) ; oss << " sm " ; } cerr << " Trunc and write : " << db [ " fred " ] << endl ; // append some more data to end of iostream { fh_iostream oss = db-> find ( " fred " ) . getIOStream ( ios : : ate , 0 ) ; oss << " And More " ; } cerr << " at end write value : " << db [ " fred " ] << endl ; return 0 ; }
Listing 4 . Output of Standard C++ I/ O Streams Example Initial value : 1234567890 Second value : 5432167890 post seekp value : 543AAAA890
Trunc and write : sm at end write value : smAndMore
Storing Objects
One major difference between the Database class and an STL collection like std : : map <> is that the key and value are not parameterized in Database .
The main reason for this is that the items in a Database object are usually not in RAM but are read from disk on demand .
Also , in order not to limit the functionality offered by Berkeley DB , the Database class has to support storing arbitrary data and not a heterogeneous collection of objects .
The illusion of stored objects can be created using implicit constructors and type conversion thin object wrappers .
Shown in Listing 5 , the Person class stores some information about people .
The implicit constructor takes a DatabaseMutableValueRef , which is the class returned by the array operator in Database .
A Person object is implicitly convertible to an std :: string to enable it to be serialized to disk .
As the main function shows , this thin wrapper makes it appear that the Database is storing Person objects .
Listing 5 . Storing and Reading Objects with STLdb4 # include < iostream > # include < STLdb4/stldb4.hh > using namespace STLdb4 ; using namespace std ; class Person { public : string email ; string name ; string phoneNum ; explicit Person ( const string& name , const string& email , const string& ph = " " ) : email ( email ) , name ( name ) , phoneNum ( ph ) {} Person ( const DatabaseMutableValueRef& r ) { stringstream ss ; ss << ( string ) r ; getline ( ss , name , ' \0 ' ) ; getline ( ss , email , ' \0 ' ) ; getline ( ss , phoneNum , ' \0 ' ) ; } operator string ( ) const { stringstream ret ; ret << name << ' \0 ' << email << ' \0 ' << phoneNum << ' \0 ' ; return ret.str ( ) ; } } ; int main ( int , char ** ) { fh_database db = new Database ( DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ; db->insert ( make_pair ( " alex " , Person ( " Alex " , " alex@foo.com " ) ) ) ; db->insert ( make_pair ( " barry " , Person ( " Barry " , " barry@bar.com " ) ) ) ; Person p = db [ " barry " ] ; cerr << " Barry has email address : " << p.email << endl ; return 0 ; }
Secondary Indexing Sometimes the information that you are storing has multiple keys by which you would like to be able to find a given item quickly .
For example , if you are storing contact information , you want to able to look up people based on either their name or e-mail address .
You could achieve the above by storing each person 's information manually , using the name as the key and maintaining a second database from e-mail address to name .
To find a person by e-mail address , you would use the e-mail - keyed database to find the name and then the name database to find the actual information .
Maintaining indexes manually like this is highly error - prone , and moreover , the secondary indexes in Berkeley DB can do this housework for you automatically .
The above example can be implemented by having the primary key - value data stored with the person 's name as the key and a secondary index on the e-mail address ( es ) .
This setup is shown in Figure 1 .
I refer to the database with the name - to - person data mapping as the main database and the e-mail look - up database as the secondary index .
Figure 1 . A Secondary Index for Quick Look - Up by E - Mail Address
The main concern when using secondary indexing with STLdb4 is how to extract the secondary key from your data .
There are some template functions in STLd b4 to help you with this .
The getOffsetSecIdx ( ) template takes an offset as its template argument and will return all the data from that offset to the end of an item as the secondary key .
The getOffsetLengthSecIdx ( ) is similar , but it allows you to specify both the offset and length of the secondary key data .
Finally , the getOffsetNullTerminatedSecIdx ( ) takes an offset and a string skip count to allow you to extract the nth null - terminated string after a given offset .
For example , if you have five ( 32 - bit ) integer values followed by four null - terminated strings as your persistent format , you could use an offset of 20 and a skip of two to extract the third null - terminated string as your secondary index key .
Assuming the use of the Person class from Listing 5 , the code in Listing 6 creates and uses a secondary index on the e-mail address for your Person objects .
Because the disk format starts with our string data , when creating the extraction function with getOffsetNullTerminatedSecIdx ( ) , I use an offset of zero and skip one null - terminated string ( the name ) to extract the e-mail address null - terminated string .
I then perform a partial look - up using the secondary index .
The equal_range_partial ( ) method finds both the lower and upper bound for partial key material .
In this case , I find any e-mail addresses that begin with al .
The output from the program is shown in Listing 7 .
Note that the first element of the iterator is the key from the secondary index , and the second element is the data from the main database .
The key from the main database for this look - up is available through getPrimary Key ( ) on the iterator object .
Listing 6 . Secondary Indexing unlink ( " /tmp/play.db " ) ; unlink ( " /tmp/play.sec.db " ) ; fh_database db = new Database ( DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ; Database::sec_idx_callback f = getOffsetNullTerminatedSecIdx<0,1 >( ) ; fh_database secdb = Database::makeSecondaryIndex ( db , f , DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.sec.db " ) ; db->insert ( make_pair( " alex " , Person ( " Alex " , " alex@foo.com " ) ) ) ; db->insert ( make_pair( " alfred " , Person ( " Alfred " , " alfred@bar.com " ) ) ) ; db->insert ( make_pair ( " andrew " , Person ( " Andrew " , " andy@foo.com " ) ) ) ; db->insert ( make_pair ( " barry " , Person ( " Barry " , " barry@bar.com " ) ) ) ; pair < Database : : iterator , Database : : iterator > p = secdb->equal_range_partial ( ( string ) " al " ) ; for ( Database : : iterator di = p.first ; di != p.second ; ++di ) { string prim ; di.getPrimaryKey ( prim ) ; cerr << " di ... " << " primary : " << prim << " first : " << di->first << " second : " << di->second << endl ; Person p = di->second ; cerr << " Person has name : " << p.name << " email : " << p.email << endl ; }
Listing 7 . Secondary Indexing Program Output di ... primary : alex first:alex@foo.com second:Alexalex@foo.com
Person has name : Alex email:alex@foo.com di ... primary : alfred first:alfred@bar.com second:Alfredalfred@bar.com
Person has name : Alfred email:alfred@bar.com
Transactions Transactions are supported either by passing an explicit transaction object to each method or by setting the implicit transaction on Database objects .
The latter style can be very convenient in cases when the overloaded array operator is used , which does not allow a transaction object to be passed in ( only one argument can be passed to the array operator ) .
When explicitly passing a transaction object to the database for each method call , the Transaction class has the commit ( ) and abort ( ) methods either to ensure the data is stored safely on disk or the whole transaction is fully reverted .
When the last reference to a transaction object goes out of scope , it will call commit ( ) in its destructor if it was not already committed or aborted .
If you are operating on only one database , you can largely avoid the Transaction class and use the start ( ) method of the Database class to begin an implicit transaction .
When using an implicit transaction , the commit ( ) and abort ( ) methods of the Database class perform the transaction finalization actions .
The simplest method of using transactions is shown in Listing 8 .
Things of note in the example include the use of a database environment , which in this case will include initialization of the Berkeley DB transaction subsystem .
A transaction object must be passed to the Database object when it is created .
In the Database constructor , I pass a new Transaction that will be handed in as an fh_trans smart pointer , which will clean up the Transaction object for me after the Database object is constructed .
When executed , the Initial value and Final value lines will print the same information to cerr .
Listing 8 . Using Implicit Transactions with STLdb4 # include < iostream > # include < STLdb4/stldb4.hh > using namespace STLdb4 ; using namespace std ; int main ( int , char ** ) { Environment ::setDefault ( new Environment ( " /tmp " ) ) ; fh_database db = new Database ( new Transaction ( ) , DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ; db ->start ( ) ; db [ " foo " ] = " bar " ; cerr << " Initial value : " << db [ " foo " ] << endl ; db-> commit( ) ; db ->start ( ) ; db [ " foo " ] = " newbar " ; cerr << " Middle value : " << db [ " foo " ] << endl ; db ->abort ( ) ; cerr << " Final value : " << db [ " foo " ] << endl ; return 0 ; } The same transaction can be used with multiple databases by holding onto the transaction object smart pointer and associating it with each database .
This is shown in Listing 9 .
The second part of the example uses setImplicitTransaction ( ) to associate the databases with the current transaction .
Listing 9 . Using Explicit Transactions with STLdb4 fh_trans trans = new Transaction ( ) ; fh_database db1 = new Database ( trans , DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play1.db " ) ; fh_database db2 = new Database ( trans , DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play2.db " ) ; db1 [ " foo1 " ] = " bar1 " ; db2 [ " foo2 " ] = " bar2 " ; trans -> commit ( ) ; // create a new implicit transaction and go again trans = new Transaction ( ) ; db1->setImplicitTransaction ( trans ) ; db2->setImplicitTransaction ( trans ) ; db1 [ " foo1 " ] = " bar111 " ; db2->set ( " foo2 " , " bar222 " , 0 , trans ) ; // we 'd rather not put these changes in after all trans -> abort ( ) ;
The default action of a Transaction object can be changed to calling abort ( ) by setting setDefaultDestructionIsAbort ( true ) on the transaction object .
This is very handy for use with a Resource Acquisition Is Initialization ( RAII ) programming style to revert a transaction automatically if any exception occurs in a code block .
This RAII style is shown in Listing 10 .
The code block marked starting at the comment ( AA ) sets the default destruction action for a transaction to call abort ( ) and then modifies the database with this transaction .
An exception is explicitly thrown that will cause the Transaction object to be destroyed ( its last reference being the one held by tr on the stack ) .
This will call abort ( ) for the transaction , and we will eventually print the old “ bar ” value at the end of the example .
The Database : : iterator class uses Berkeley DB cursors in its implementation , so the transaction we pass to Database : : find ( ) will be used for any operations performed on the database iterator .
For example , if getIOStream ( ) was called on diter , STLdb4 would be performing partial I/O using the transaction tr on the Berkeley DB file behind the API .
This use of RAII is very handy for code that wants to make changes to the database in one go , but that might throw an exception along the way .
The setImplicitTransaction ( ) call should be avoided when performing RAII , because it will have the Database keep a smart pointer to the Transaction that will prolong the call to abort ( ) if an exception is thrown .
Listing 10 .
Using RAII Transactions with STLdb4 int main ( int , char ** ) { Environment ::setDefault ( new Environment ( " /tmp " ) ) ; fh_database db = new Database ( new Transaction ( ) , DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ; try { { fh_trans tr = new Transaction ( ) ; tr->setDefaultDestructionIsAbort( true ) ; db->setImplicitTransaction ( tr ) ; db [ " foo " ] = " bar " ; tr->commit ( ) ; tr = 0 ; } // ( AA ) RAII with transactions // Do n't use setImplicitTransaction ( ) in this block { fh_trans tr = new Transaction ( ) ; tr->setDefaultDestructionIsAbort( true ) ; db ->set ( " foo " , " First setting " , 0 , tr ) ; Database : : iterator diter = db -> find ( " foo " , tr ) ; diter -> second = " this is something evil " ; throw exception ( ) ; tr->commit( ) ; } } catch ( exception& e ) { cerr << e.what ( ) << endl ; } cerr << db [ " foo " ] << endl ; return 0 ; }
Database Environments Database environments are convenient for configuring a group of Berkeley databases that will be used together .
Using database environments together with the Concurrent Data Store mode with multiple database files allows you to have multiple applications all reading and writing to the database files , and Berkeley DB takes care of locking to make sure that the files do n't become corrupt .
The default database environment in STLdb4 is effectively a null environment .
New database environments are created using the Environment class .
The static Environment : : setDefault ( ) method can be used in applications using a single database environment to avoid having to pass the database environment object to the Database constructor .
The code shown in Listing 11 uses a database environment to protect two database files from simultaneous update by multiple running processes .
First , a new database environment is created and set to use the Concurrent Data Store mode .
This database environment is set to be the default STLd b4 environment .
The first Database object is created using the default database environment ; the second Database object is created by specifying the database environment explicitly and opening the database file as a separate call .
Listing 11 . STLdb4 and Database Environments # include < iostream > # include < STLdb4/stldb4.hh > using namespace STLdb4 ; using namespace std ; int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { string dbenvpath = argv [ 1 ] ; fh_env dbenv = new Environment ( dbenvpath ) ; dbenv->setDefaultOpenFlags(
DB_CREATE | DB_INIT_CDB | DB_INIT_MPOOL ) ; Environment : : setDefault ( dbenv ) ; fh_database db = new Database ( DB_BTREE , dbenvpath + " / foo.db " ) ; db [ " bar " ] = argv [ 2 ] ; fh_database db2 = new Database ( dbenv ) ; db2->create ( DB_BTREE , dbenvpath + " / foo2.db " ) ; db2 [ " key " ] = ( string ) " value_ " + argv [ 2 ] ; return 0 ; }
Other Things of Interest
The ordering of elements in the database can be changed with Database : : set_bt_compare ( ) using either a function pointer or a Loki functor object .
For details on Loki functors , refer to the Modern C++ Design book ( see the on- line Resources ) .
As the comparison function is a relatively low - level operation , no implicit conversions happen for this , and you must compare two Dbt values .
A collection of functions for numeric comparison , such as getInt32Compare ( ) and string comparison with and without case sensitivity using getCISCompare ( ) , are available in STLdb4 .
The ordering of a comparison functor can be reversed by passing it to makeReverseCompare ( ) to create a new functor .
These operations must be performed before the database is open , so you have to use the open ( ) or create ( ) calls and the non-opening Database constructor as shown in Listing 12 .
Increasing the default Berkeley DB cache size using Database : : set_cachesize ( ) can improve read - only database performance significantly .
Listing 12 . STLdb4 and Database Environments fh_database db = new Database ( ) ; Database::m_bt_compare_functor_t tmpf = getInt32Compare ( ) ; db->set_bt_compare ( makeReverseCompare ( tmpf ) ) ; db->create ( DB_BTREE , " /tmp/play.db " ) ;
Most people eventually get it that building release artifacts using their IDEs is not the way to nirvana .
Builds have to stay stable and reproducible between IDE revisions , and being able to execute them in a command line environment or especially continuous integration servers is key to agile development .
Fortunately , there are open source build tools for Java .
Less fortunately , they ’re not quite perfect .
Let ’s see what we ’ve got .
The Sorry State of Affairs
There ’s
Ant , the undying classic , but pretty much in maintenance mode , I understand .
Ant - based build systems usually start small and innocent but quickly turn into a tangled mess .
Every
Ant script is a unique piece of modern art that has to be deciphered on its own .
They are the cockroaches of Java development , and I guess we ’ll have to deal with them again in 30 years when we ’ll be porting ancient Java applications to the next big platform .
Maven 2 promises relief and introduces convention over configuration , dependency management , lifecycle support and a few other things that are n’t strictly relevant for a build system .
Great concepts , but the actual implementation makes you want to cry .
The state of documentation is poor , the XML syntax is unnecessarily bulky , and trivial one - off tasks are n’t possible without a proper plugin ( go and write one if you ’re feeling brave ) .
Not to mention that stunts like multi-module projects are necessary to build a simple EAR file .
And no , Eclipse does n’t like them either .
Despite all its shortcomings , a lot of people including me tried hard to love Maven , but it ’s not easy .
The Winds of Change
Where does that leave us ?
I do n’t have much hope for Ant .
It is what it is and lacks too many things a build system needs , most importantly built - in conventions and higher level abstractions .
Granted , there ’s
Ivy , a pretty nice dependency manager that adds a couple of interesting features , but that ’s about it ( Ivy looks heavily inspired by Maven , but it ’s funny how they changed all the terminology ) .
Maven 2 ’s future looks a little bit brighter since it seems the project is opening up to common sense , which maybe be a direct effect of recent discussions and probably Don Brown ’s patches .
For example , the XML syntax in 2.1.0 will be much more concise and there are fixed default plugin versions in 2.0.9 so that it ’s easier to have reproducible builds .
Unfortunately , the public repository is a swamp of misplaced software and crappy metadata , so there may be no alternative to setting up a local repository .
At the moment , I ’m taking a closer look at Buildr , a ruby - based build system for Java that ’s currently under incubation at the ASF .
Apparently they ’re creating a better Maven , taking the proven concepts but none of its implementation .
The jury ’s still out on whether the average coder will be able to create effective , maintainable build scripts , but we ’ll see .
Having to learn Ruby may be a problem to some and an incentive to others .
So ?
Poor build systems and development environments in general are a barrier for new project members and a frequent cause for frustration .
I ’ve worked on projects where all you had to do was to check something out from Subversion , type " mvn package " and you were ready to go .
For other projects ( both commercial and open source ! ) you needed a specialist ’s support , a couple of days time and a lot of hand - holding to actually build the product and run it locally .
Unfortunately , only few development shops realize that a decent development environment is an asset and invest in their build infrastructure .
A good project setup takes time , and if there ’s no time or budget available , your build tool of choice wo n’t do any wonders on its own .
@bobx3 : I agree .
The last time I was flying , I forgot my cell phone charger ( actually , it was a new cell phone , and I did n't know until the third day of my trip that the phone with a USB jack wo n't actually charge from my computer 's USB port ( who knew ? )
So I picked up a travel charger at one of these kiosks .
I also grabbed a pair of noise - canceling headphones - iPod earbuds can be painful at the volume necessary to compete with jet engines !
They 're a great idea for the kind of stuff that 's in them : chargers , PMP's , ( although , what use is an iPod when you do n't have a computer around to load stuff in to it ? ) , pre-paid cell phones , and the like .
The prices were n't over - inflated ; they were pretty much MSRP .
In fact , the gift shop nearby was selling headphones for more than the kiosk was charging .
Pandora can be thankful from the huge support this struggling music service has received from its fans .
Pandora fans helped to persuade the House of Representatives to unanimously pass the Webcaster Settlement Act on Saturday , according to multiple people associated with the bill .
The proposed legislation is designed to give Webcasters added time to negotiate a settlement with the music industry on reduced royalty rates .
Lower rates are vital to the survival of Internet radio stations , according to Tim Westergren , Pandora ’s founder , who pleaded with the public on Friday to call their congressional representatives and demand they support the bill .
The two sides are close to reaching an agreement , but if the legislation fails to pass it could push the discussions back months and deliver a financial death blow to some Webcasters , Westergren said .
According to one Washington lobbyist , the phone calls from the public were one of the factors that helped the legislation pass in the House and now have it headed for a Senate vote within the next two days without any major parties gunning for it .
Visit Pandora Radio .
Posted on September 17 , 2008 in Quotes
“ Yesterday , John McCain actually said that if he ’s president that he ’ll take on , and I quote , ‘ the old boys network in Washington . ’
Now I ’m not making this up .
This is somebody who ’s been in Congress for twenty - six years , who put seven of the most powerful Washington lobbyists in charge of his campaign .
And now he tells us that he ’s the one who ’s gonna ’ to take on the old boys network .
The old boys network ?
In the McCain campaign that ’s called a staff meeting .
Come , on ! ” — Barack Obama today
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Quote For The Day II , McCain ’s Old Boys Network , If Barack Obama had done this .
. . , McCain Reaches Across Aisle to Deliver B**** slap , Who Needs Obama When The McCain Campaign ’ll Run Against Itself ? , Uber Cynicism : Wall Street Meltdown – Where ’s George W. Bush ? , Understanding and Solving This Economic Crisis , and McCain Did n’t See The Crisis Coming .
[ tags ] barack obama , john mccain , old boys club , old boys network , WASPs , banks , AIG , bear sterns , lehman brothers , lobbyists , mccain campaign , video , youtube , clip [ / tags ]
In what could be groundwork for the possibility that they have to skip tomorrow 's debate , both John McCain and his top aide used similar rhetoric tonight to downplay the importance of the first presidential forum .
If Barack Obama had agreed to McCain 's summer proposal to do joint town halls , the candidate and Steve Schmidt said , this would only be one more of many sessions featuring the two major party nominees .
" I understand that there is a lot of attention on this but I also wish Senator Obama had agreed to ten or more town hall meetings that I had asked him to attend with me , " McCain told ABC 's Charlie Gibson when asked in an interview broadcast on World News Tonight whether there would be a debate Friday in Mississippi as planned .
" Would n't be quite that much urgency if he agreed to do that , instead he refused to do it . "
Talking to the campaign pool reporter later , Schmidt said McCain hoped to make it to Oxford before shifting the conversation .
" He had actually hoped this would be the 11th debate of the campaign , not the first , " Schmidt said .
" He 's very disappointed in Sen . Obama about that because this could have been the 11th debate .
Sen .
Obama said he would debate anywhere , anyplace , anytime .
He refused to do that . "
McCain 's campaign recognizes the danger in skipping a long - agreed - to debate when the host , debate commission and their opponent is going forward as planned .
The rhetoric tonight from McCain and Schmidt reflects a search for some measure of political cover , something that can muddy the waters .
Schmidt said McCain would be on the phone tonight , cajoling colleagues and trying to get closer to a deal .
" He 's working very , very hard to try to get majority votes , " Schmidt stated .
And now there is no longer just a policy imperative but increasingly a political one .
McCain needs at least consensus on the framework of an agreement to declare victory and jet south .
To attend the debate without a deal in place just days after saying he would not do so could well undermine his entire gambit .
But missing the face off is hardly a preferred option , especially if McCain is not seen as aiding progress towards a deal .
McCain 's camp had hoped to put the onus on Obama by effectively forcing him to return to Washington for a high - level White House meeting .
But if the GOP nominee , who has used his ability to get stuff done as a signature talking point , can't deliver after returning to the capital to do just that , his ploy could boomerang .
The good news for McCain is that he is n't the only one who wants to quickly get a deal done .
My Hill colleagues report that Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Fed Chair Ben Bernanke are both heading back up to Capital tonight to try to end the impasse .
comments closed
permalink
Figure 2.1 : Schematic layout of the LHC
Want to read every single technical detail of the design and construction of the Large Hadron Collider and its six detectors ?
The whole shebang -- seven reports totalling 1600 pages , with contributions from 8000 scientists and engineers -- is available here , published electronically by the Journal of Instrumentation .
According to Friday 's CERN Bulletin :
For many years to come , these papers will serve as key references for the stream of scientific results that will begin to emerge from the LHC after the first collisions that are expected later this year .
Although published in a refereed scientific journal , the articles will be completely free to download and to read on the Internet under an " Open Access " scheme , without requiring a journal subscription .
" This is a landmark publication in many respects , " says ATLAS physicist Rudiger Voss , who has coordinated the project since it started in late 2005 .
" It is probably the first time in the history of particle physics that a major new accelerator project has been documented in such a comprehensive , coherent and up - to - date manner before it goes into operation . "
Another long , boring technical document to gather virtual dust on virtual shelves ?
Not at all , judging from the continued popularity of The Stanford Two - Mile Accelerator , affectionately known as The Blue Book , which was published in 1968 to preserve the knowledge and experience gained in building the SLAC linac .
The recent struggle to make it available to a wide audience shows what a milestone the open- access publication of the LHC documentation is .
Most copies of The Blue Book had vanished from the SLAC Library , and the librarians wanted to make it available electronically .
But they ran into a snag :
No one could figure out who owned the copyright , so there was no one to give permission to put it on the Web .
" It 's an orphan work , " SLAC archivist Jean Deken told me Friday .
The original publisher was bought by another , which was bought by another , and so on .
Finally , with the help of an expert from Stanford Law School , librarian Abraham Wheeler tracked down the current owner of the copyright -- which said that since it could not find any documentation on the book , it could not grant permission to reproduce it .
After much legal head - scratching it was decided that SLAC could post the book online , which it did last summer .
You can read about the copyright saga here , and browse the book here .
So when Deken learned that the LHC documentation had been posted online , she said , " I think it 's great . "
She said the folks who still want access to SLAC's Blue Book after all these years are " people who are doing research on accelerator technology -- a lot of International Linear Collider people who want to see what were the issues people faced for this accelerator and how to go about solving them .
I assume it 's the same type of thing with the LHC .
It 's the biggest high - energy physics experiment in the world now , so it 's a way for people , even if they 're not there physically at CERN , to still keep up with it and study it . "
I wrote about open access in particle physics for the October / November 2007 issue of symmetry .
According to the CERN Bulletin , the LHC documentation is " the most significant manifestation " yet of CERN 's open - access policy .
American International Group ( AIG ) is on the verge of bankruptcy .
It needs to raise $ 75 billion dollars quickly .
That is a tough task in any market and a Herculean task in this one .
Fitch compounded AIG 's woes on Monday with a downgrade of AIG to " A " .
Fitch Ratings said late Monday that it downgraded American International Group because the insurer 's ability to raise capital for its holding company has become " extremely limited . "
Fitch cut the issuer default rating and outstanding debt ratings of AIG to A from AA - .
AIG 's Race Against Time For Cash
Major credit ratings agencies downgraded the American International Group late Monday , worsening its financial health , as Federal Reserve officials and two leading investment banks were in urgent talks to put together a $ 75 billion line of credit to stave off a crisis at the company .
The day started off with news that A.I.G. had requested a $ 40 billion bridge loan from the Fed , a request that was rebuffed , and ended with the word that its need had soared to $ 75 billion .
The firm suffered several credit - rating downgrades Monday evening , including cuts by Standard & Poor ’s and Moody’s .
The complex discussions , continuing into the night as a deal was sought before United States markets open on Tuesday , involved New York state regulators , federal regulators , private equity firms and Wall Street banks that rely on A.I.G. ’s ability to honor its derivatives contracts , as they do with Lehman Brothers .
The talks about backing up A.I.G. began last week , when the company approached regulators , saying it was concerned that if a deal could not be put together to save Lehman , A.I.G. ’s own future would be in doubt .
A.I.G. , through its financial products unit in London , has exposure to the same mortgage - linked debt securities that brought about the downfall of Lehman .
Ratings agencies had threatened to downgrade the insurance giant ’s credit rating by Monday morning , a step that could allow counterparties to A.I.G. ’s swap contracts to require A.I.G. to post collateral of up to $ 13.3 billion .
The urgency of the talks grew by late Monday as A.M. Best Company , a credit rating organization specialized in insurance and health care companies , downgraded the credit of A.I.G. and several of its major subsidiaries .
Fitch Ratings also downgraded A.I.G.’s credit Monday evening .
AIG 's derivative Bets Blowing Sky High
Let 's Borrow From Ourselves
Scrambling to prevent another meltdown in the financial system , government officials in New York and Washington were trying to buy insurer AIG more time today and line up private loans of as much as $ 75 billion to rescue the troubled giant .
New York 's governor said his state will allow AIG , the nation 's largest insurer , to use $ 20 billion from its own insurance subsidiaries to ease a financial crunch .
By posting the assets as collateral , AIG can borrow money to run its day - to - day operations , Gov. David A. Paterson ( D ) said at a news conference .
The move required special dispensation from the state regulator responsible for protecting the stability of AIG subsidiaries in New York and their policyholders .
My Comment
J.P. Morgan , which is serving as AIG 's financial adviser , was seeking support for a credit line of $ 70 billion to $ 75 billion that would be syndicated to multiple lenders , according to a source familiar with the discussions .
That could spread the risk among institutions that can do something AIG can't : borrow from the Federal Reserve .
AIG has $ 1 trillion of assets and serves clients in 130 countries .
Businesses and individuals rely on it for life insurance , retirement annuities , and coverage against all manner of calamities , from financial to natural disasters .
My Comment
Paterson , a Democrat , said he hoped his step would pave the way for the federal government to assist AIG , and he urged the federal government to act .
My Comment
At the request of AIG , Timothy Geithner , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , convened talks this morning at the New York Fed to discuss potential solutions to the insurance company 's cash problems .
The group included executives from large financial companies , particularly those that do extensive business with AIG .
My Comment
Paterson said his move was not a bailout and did not involve taxpayer money .
In effect , the company would tide itself over by providing a loan to itself , he said .
My Comment
" It sounds like you 're sacrificing the policyholders of those subsidiaries potentially for the parent company , " said Donn Vickrey , founder of the financial research firm Gradient Analytics , which has been warning of trouble at AIG for months .
My Comment
" At this point the insurance companies are financially strong and solvent and fully able to meet any claims , " David Neustadt , a spokesman for New York state insurance superintendent Eric R. Dinallo , said .
If the insurance subsidiaries were unable to cover policyholders ' claims , a state guarantee fund financed by the insurance industry would provide a backstop , Neustadt said .
My Comment
Officials from the New York insurance department were at AIG , poring over documents to assess the quality of the assets the parent company would transfer to the subsidiaries , said Charlotte Hitchcock , New York 's deputy secretary for labor and financial regulation .
" We 're not going to allow them to put junk in the place of good stuff , " Neustadt said .
My Comment
Wrapup
Here 's the Deal
What 's At Risk ?
Who Does AIG Owe ?
Right now , illegally and with the regulators watching and nodding in agreement as it happens , lot 's of bank deposits , life insurance savings and any unencumbered cash held in the system .... i.e. real life savings and earnings .... has suddenly been made available by the weekend rule changes by the Fed and US treasury .
They are now being swept into accounts that hold the other side of the derivative trades .
The firewalls against fraud have been torn in expedience " to save the system from itself " .
The fraud and incompetence is running rife and has just been taken up another notch .
There will be nothing left but the empty husk when the locusts and other assorted parasites have finished .
[ image ]
Gov. Tim Pawlenty made the long - awaited announcement about the new bridge Monday morning .
" This bridge , of course , began its construction approximately 11 months ago , and it is slated to open this Thursday at 5 a.m. , " he said .
[ image ]
That means the bridge will have taken just 340 days to build .
And officials say it is an amazing feat of engineering and construction .
But for commuters like Linnea Tani , a mental health nurse from Roseville , the bridge 's opening can't come a moment too soon .
Like thousands of commuters , she used to take I - 35W to work .
She had to find another route back and forth to Abbot Northwestern hospital in Minneapolis .
" It 's overall been pretty miserable , " she said .
A trip that used to take about 25 minutes , Tani said , routinely takes nearly an hour .
And that 's when the weather is good .
" Like everyone else , the loss of life was of the primary concern , and the injuries to others , " Tani said .
" But I think it 's also to fair to say that when the bridge went down , it altered everyone 's life who either had a business around there , or drove on that bridge on a daily basis . "
An aerial rendering of the 35W bridge victims Remembrance Garden , to be built in Gold Medal Park in downtown Minneapolis .
The garden will include 13 upright metal beams surrounded by an 81 - foot rock square .
Within the square will be a 65 - foot wide circle plaza , surrounding a 13 - foot wide black granite fountain .
Image courtesy of Oslund and Associates
But now , for her and hundreds of thousands of other drivers , there will be a new normal .
The new state - of - the - art 35 W bridge will cut miles from many commutes .
It has two more lanes than the old one .
It will be monitored constantly by real - time electronic sensors , and has an automatic anti-icing system .
It can carry light rail if trains ever run to the northern suburbs .
Nearby , Minneapolis is building a $ 1 million memorial garden , with 13 pillars commemorating the people who died in the collapse .
The city is asking for public donations to fund the project .
The memorial will stand in Gold Medal Park , where people gathered last year , trying to glimpse the disaster .
One of many tributes to the victims of the I - 35W bridge collapse , left in Gold Medal Park in Minneapolis .
MPR Photo / Toni Randolph
But you can't drive over or walk through the most important legacy bridge , according to U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters , who was on hand to dedicate the bridge Monday .
" These lanes will forever be sacred because of the 13 people who lost their lives here , " she said .
" Nothing we can say makes that more of a reality .
And nothing we do can ever take that pain away .
But our continued actions can make sure that the correct lessons are learned and the right remedies are taken to ensure that no one ever has to worry , no one ever has to wonder when the cross a bridge in America again . "
Still , some doubts still linger .
Bidding for the bridge sparked a lengthy court battle with the state and rival construction firms .
The construction also coincided with a battle over light rail 's route through the University of Minnesota .
The U did n't want the train running down the campus 's main street , and proposed another route that might have taken trains over the new bridge .
[ image ]
Questions continued even during the announcement of the bridge 's opening .
Flatiron Construction stands to earn a bonus of more than $ 25 million for completing the bridge nearly three months before a Dec. 24 deadline .
That 's nearly 10 percent of the bridge 's $ 234 million pricetag .
Asked whether the state set too low a bar to earn the premium , MnDOT Commissioner Tom Sorel defended the project .
" It could have just as well gone the other way , where a contractor would n't get the bonus .
And we were particularly concerned here when we started lifting the segments up , and something could potentially go wrong there , " Sorel said .
" And if that had happened , we would be in a situation where the bonuses might not even have been in play .
It 's a risk on both parties . "
Whatever the ultimate price , though , Minneapolis mayor R.T. Rybak said Thursday 's opening will lift a burden from his city .
[ image ]
" Minneapolis will be different in some very tangible ways , " he said .
" First and probably most important , some of our streets will not be as congested .
Certainly the areas of Marcy Homes on the other side of the river , have been overwhelmed with traffic .
Right across my window , on 3rd Avenue , the bridge has become the main way to get across the river , and that has meant that the 35W bridge will take a lot of that traffic off downtown streets . "
Freeway traffic will follow a line of State Patrol squad cars across the new span on Thursday , and more than 140,000 cars a day are expected to return soon to the bridge .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . 
Consider the galley slave , clad in rags , chained to a hardwood bench and clinging to an oar as long as a three - story flagpole .
A burly man with a whip walks back and forth shouting encouragement .
You ’ve seen the movie .
That galley slave would have known that the rowing stations in the middle of the ship were best , although he might not have known why .
That took scholars to figure out .
“ Think of the oar as a lever , ” Prof . Mark Schiefsky of the Harvard classics department said .
“ Think of the oarlock as a fulcrum , and think of the sea as the weight . ”
The longer the lever arm on the rower ’s side of the fulcrum , the easier to move the weight .
In the middle of the ship , as the rowers knew , the distance from hands to oarlock was longest .
This explanation is given in Problem 4 of the classical Greek treatise “ Mechanical Problems , ” from the third century B.C. , the first known text on the science of mechanics and the first to explain how a lever works .
It preceded , by at least a generation , Archimedes ’
“ On the Equilibrium of Plane Figures , ” which presented the first formal proof of the law of the lever .
I always appreciate my readers ' financial help .
There are a few ways to support my work :
First :
You can mail a non - tax deductible donation to :
Steve Sailer
P.O Box 4142
Valley Village , CA 91617-0142
Second :
You can make a tax deductible contribution via VDARE by clicking here .
( Paypal and credit cards accepted , including recurring " subscription " donations . )
UPDATE : Do n't try this at the moment .
Third : send money via the Paypal - like Google Wallet to my Gmail address ( that 's isteveslrATgmail.com -- replace the AT with a @ ) .
( Non-tax deductible . )
Here 's the Google Wallet FAQ .
From it : " You will need to have ( or sign up for ) Google Wallet to send or receive money .
If you have ever purchased anything on Google Play , then you most likely already have a Google Wallet .
If you do not yet have a Google Wallet , do n’t worry , the process is simple : go to wallet.google.com and follow the steps . "
You probably already have a Google ID and password , which Google Wallet uses , so signing up Wallet is pretty painless .
You can put money into your Google Wallet Balance from your bank account and send it with no service fee .
Or you can send money via credit card ( Visa , MasterCard , AmEx , Discover ) with the industry - standard 2.9 % fee .
( You do n't need to put money into your Google Wallet Balance to do this . )
Google Wallet works from both a website and a smartphone app ( Android and iPhone -- the Google Wallet app is currently available only in the U.S. , but the Google Wallet website can be used in 160 countries ) .
Or , once you sign up with Google Wallet , you can simply send money via credit card , bank transfer , or Wallet Balance as an attachment from Google 's free Gmail email service .
Here 's how to do it .
( Non-tax deductible . )
Fourth : if you have a Wells Fargo bank account , you can transfer money to me ( with no fees ) via Wells Fargo SurePay .
Just tell WF SurePay to send the money to my ancient AOL email address steveslrATaol.com -- replace the AT with the usual @ ) .
( Non-tax deductible . )
Fifth : if you have a Chase bank account ( or , theoretically , other bank accounts ) , you can transfer money to me ( with no fees ) via Chase QuickPay ( FAQ ) .
Just tell Chase QuickPay to send the money to my ancient AOL email address ( steveslrATaol.com -- replace the AT with the usual @ ) .
If Chase asks for the name on my account , it 's Steven Sailer with an n at the end of Steven .
( Non-tax deductible . )
Questions and Answers Professor Brian
Cox answers questions sent in by the audience about CERN's new Large Hadron Collider and the major experiment which is planned to be launched on the 10 september 2008 .
Do you have a question ?
Ask expert Brian
Cox anything about the project and read his responses to other questions .
Your Questions Answered Q
Why experiment at all ?
Can you tell me why we are doing this experiment ?
I can understand that you are hoping to reveal the origins of mass by smashing tiny particles together but what advantages ( besides increase in knowledge ) , do you expect to obtain from this ?
Stephen
Can you tell me why we are doing this experiment ?
I can understand that you are hoping to reveal the origins of mass by smashing tiny particles together but what advantages ( besides increase in knowledge ) , do you expect to obtain from this ?
A Experiment is the basis of the scientific method , without which there would be no modern world as we know it .
The quest to understand the smallest building blocks of nature and the forces that hold them together arguably began with the ancient Greeks , but it was only when we began to conduct experiments that we discovered the electron ( 1897 ) , quantum mechanics ( triggered by precision observations of the light emitted by elements when heated ) , X - rays , the atomic nucleus , radioactive decay ..... the list is practically endless .
Without these experimental discoveries , and the subsequent deepening of our understanding of the Universe , there would be no electronics , no silicon chips or transistors , no medical imaging technology , no nuclear power stations , no X - rays or chemotherapy treatments for cancer .... again an almost endless list .
What this should teach us is two things .
First , it is virtually impossible to deepen our understanding of nature without experiments .
Second , understanding nature has never been a bad idea - indeed without the pioneers of the past century our civilisation would be immeasurably poorer .
I do not know what the continuation of this long and illustrious quest will lead to , but I would be extremely surprised if a writer called upon to defend scientific enquiry at the turn of the 22nd century does not point to the LHC as the foundation of a hundred new technologies , each considered essential to our quality of life .
BC .
Experiment is the basis of the scientific method , without which there would be no modern world as we know it .
The quest to understand the smallest building blocks of nature and the forces that hold them together arguably began with the ancient Greeks , but it was only when we began to conduct experiments that we discovered the electron ( 1897 ) , quantum mechanics ( triggered by precision observations of the light emitted by elements when heated ) , X - rays , the atomic nucleus , radioactive decay ..... the list is practically endless .
Without these experimental discoveries , and the subsequent deepening of our understanding of the Universe , there would be no electronics , no silicon chips or transistors , no medical imaging technology , no nuclear power stations , no X - rays or chemotherapy treatments for cancer .... again an almost endless list .
What this should teach us is two things .
First , it is virtually impossible to deepen our understanding of nature without experiments .
Second , understanding nature has never been a bad idea - indeed without the pioneers of the past century our civilisation would be immeasurably poorer .
I do not know what the continuation of this long and illustrious quest will lead to , but I would be extremely surprised if a writer called upon to defend scientific enquiry at the turn of the 22nd century does not point to the LHC as the foundation of a hundred new technologies , each considered essential to our quality of life . .
Q Existence of Multi-Dimensions
Will the Collider be able to prove to scientists that many other dimensions exist as well as ours ?
If so , then what will the implications be for our future , and could this be a good explanation for the many UFO sightings around the world .
Ian
Will the Collider be able to prove to scientists that many other dimensions exist as well as ours ?
If so , then what will the implications be for our future , and could this be a good explanation for the many UFO sightings around the world .
A
The LHC could indeed provide strong evidence for the existence of extra dimensions in our Universe .
The fact that they are so hard to see ( if they exist ) , however , means that our world interacts with them very weakly .
In fact , we theorize that if they do exist , the force of gravity is the only influence that can pass between them .
This would prevent any material objects from crossing from one set of dimensions to another .
So no , UFO enthusiasts must look elsewhere .
BC
The LHC could indeed provide strong evidence for the existence of extra dimensions in our Universe .
The fact that they are so hard to see ( if they exist ) , however , means that our world interacts with them very weakly .
In fact , we theorize that if they do exist , the force of gravity is the only influence that can pass between them .
This would prevent any material objects from crossing from one set of dimensions to another .
So no , UFO enthusiasts must look elsewhere .
Q Understanding Dark Matter
Will the LHC help our understanding of Dark Matter ( which seems to make up most of the Universe ) and Dark Energy ( which seems to be accelerating the expansion of the Universe ) ?
Are these phenomena ' real ' or just a result of our misinterpreting measurements of distance and mass for far away objects
Russell
Will the LHC help our understanding of Dark Matter ( which seems to make up most of the Universe ) and Dark Energy ( which seems to be accelerating the expansion of the Universe ) ?
Are these phenomena ' real ' or just a result of our misinterpreting measurements of distance and mass for far away objects A Quite possibly , yes , certainly for the case of dark matter .
One of the most popular interpretations of the evidence that points to the existence of dark matter is that there are new , as yet undiscovered heavy particles in the Universe that interact with normal matter only via the weak nuclear force and gravity .
In particle physics , we have a family of theoretical candidates for such particles known as Supersymmetric particles .
If these exist , then many theoretical physicists expect them to be made and discovered at the LHC .
Dark energy is another mater , because we have very little theoretical understanding of this phenomena at present .
It may just be that if we get some evidence of extra dimensions at the LHC , which may point the way to a deeper understanding of gravity ( a " quantum theory of gravity " along the lines of string theory perhaps ) , then we may gain some insight into this fascinating discovery .
And yes , you are correct that these phenomena may be due to a mis-undertstanding of something - perhaps the theory of gravity itself at very large distance scales .
I think the experimental evidence that something is missing in our understanding is very strong now , however , and its not merely an experimental error . .
BC
Quite possibly , yes , certainly for the case of dark matter .
One of the most popular interpretations of the evidence that points to the existence of dark matter is that there are new , as yet undiscovered heavy particles in the Universe that interact with normal matter only via the weak nuclear force and gravity .
In particle physics , we have a family of theoretical candidates for such particles known as Supersymmetric particles .
If these exist , then many theoretical physicists expect them to be made and discovered at the LHC .
Dark energy is another mater , because we have very little theoretical understanding of this phenomena at present .
It may just be that if we get some evidence of extra dimensions at the LHC , which may point the way to a deeper understanding of gravity ( a " quantum theory of gravity " along the lines of string theory perhaps ) , then we may gain some insight into this fascinating discovery .
And yes , you are correct that these phenomena may be due to a mis-undertstanding of something - perhaps the theory of gravity itself at very large distance scales .
I think the experimental evidence that something is missing in our understanding is very strong now , however , and its not merely an experimental error . .
Q Multiple Big Bangs
What are the possibilities of multiple Big Bangs creating multiple parallel universes ?
Jon
What are the possibilities of multiple Big Bangs creating multiple parallel universes ?
A
If you 're asking about the mini-big bangs at the LHC , then the chances are zero .
It 's a bit of a misnomer actually to call the collisions mini Big Bangs - each one has the energy of a mosquito hitting you in the face on a summers day , albeit confined to a very small space !
But - and this has little to do with LH directly - some of the current theories of the origin of our Universe suggest that in fact the Universe has been around for ever .
What we see as the big bang was simply something happening to our little piece of spacetime 13.7 billion years ago .
There could be multiple " sheets " of spacetime ( sometimes called " branes " floating around in an infinitely large multi-dimensional Universe , with everything we see being confined to just one .
When these sheets bump into each other , they become very hot and expand , so to anyone living on a sheet today it would look like their Universe began at the point of collision .
BC
If you 're asking about the mini-big bangs at the LHC , then the chances are zero .
It 's a bit of a misnomer actually to call the collisions mini Big Bangs - each one has the energy of a mosquito hitting you in the face on a summers day , albeit confined to a very small space !
But - and this has little to do with LH directly - some of the current theories of the origin of our Universe suggest that in fact the Universe has been around for ever .
What we see as the big bang was simply something happening to our little piece of spacetime 13.7 billion years ago .
There could be multiple " sheets " of spacetime ( sometimes called " branes " floating around in an infinitely large multi-dimensional Universe , with everything we see being confined to just one .
When these sheets bump into each other , they become very hot and expand , so to anyone living on a sheet today it would look like their Universe began at the point of collision .
Q Black Holes and matter
If you are able to generate even small Black Holes , will they suck up matter ?
Do full sized Black Holes draw in invisible matter also ?
You have an exciting project and I wish you a lot of luck in the operation of your new hardware .
Merlin
If you are able to generate even small Black Holes , will they suck up matter ?
Do full sized Black Holes draw in invisible matter also ?
You have an exciting project and I wish you a lot of luck in the operation of your new hardware .
A
It 's just possible that we could create mini black holes , although this would require at least that there are extra dimensions in our Universe , for which we have no evidence !
If , however , we did , then the little black holes would bear no relation at all to the Black Holes created when stars collapse .
They would evaporate away very quickly via a process called Hawking radiation ( unless we have no understanding at all of quantum theory ) .
Even if they do n't , they would be so very tiny that matter would never get close enough to them to be sucked in !
Big black holes do suck matter in , and should also emit Hawking radiation , although they emit it much more slowly and so live for a very long time ( much more than the current age of the Universe ) .
BC
It 's just possible that we could create mini black holes , although this would require at least that there are extra dimensions in our Universe , for which we have no evidence !
If , however , we did , then the little black holes would bear no relation at all to the Black Holes created when stars collapse .
They would evaporate away very quickly via a process called Hawking radiation ( unless we have no understanding at all of quantum theory ) .
Even if they do n't , they would be so very tiny that matter would never get close enough to them to be sucked in !
Big black holes do suck matter in , and should also emit Hawking radiation , although they emit it much more slowly and so live for a very long time ( much more than the current age of the Universe ) .
Q Applications to everyday life
In terms off what this could achieve for the humanity in the next 20 - 30 years .
Can this technology change our everyday lives within our lifetimes ?
Or do you see humanity waiting a little more patiently before our lives are transformed with wormholes and quantum computing ?
Lawrence
In terms off what this could achieve for the humanity in the next 20 - 30 years .
Can this technology change our everyday lives within our lifetimes ?
Or do you see humanity waiting a little more patiently before our lives are transformed with wormholes and quantum computing ?
A I wish I knew !
Let me give one positive example from history .
Quantum mechanics was developed to maturity as a theory during the 1920s and by 1947 we had the first transistor .
It is often said , I think with some justification , that it is extremely unlikely that transistors could have been developed without the quantum theory .
Perhaps we are on the verge of a similar leap when we deepen our understanding of the sub-atomic world once again at LHC - who knows !
BC
I wish I knew !
Let me give one positive example from history .
Quantum mechanics was developed to maturity as a theory during the 1920s and by 1947 we had the first transistor .
It is often said , I think with some justification , that it is extremely unlikely that transistors could have been developed without the quantum theory .
Perhaps we are on the verge of a similar leap when we deepen our understanding of the sub-atomic world once again at LHC - who knows !
Q
New forms of fuel ?
Do you think that there is a chance of discovering a new fuel source or better ways to create / manage energy during this experiment ?
I imagine enormous amounts of energy coming out of it ...
Dave
Do you think that there is a chance of discovering a new fuel source or better ways to create / manage energy during this experiment ?
I imagine enormous amounts of energy coming out of it ...
A
No energy comes out of LHC - we get out of every collision exactly what we put in .
I think the best hope for LHC technology helping us with the energy crisis is that the cooling systems developed for LHC are now being transfered to the ITER fusion project in France .
And fusion certainly would be the answer to our energy problems if we can make it work on an industrial scale , which is the goal of ITER by around 2035 .
BC
No energy comes out of LHC - we get out of every collision exactly what we put in .
I think the best hope for LHC technology helping us with the energy crisis is that the cooling systems developed for LHC are now being transfered to the ITER fusion project in France .
And fusion certainly would be the answer to our energy problems if we can make it work on an industrial scale , which is the goal of ITER by around 2035 .
Q
What if the Higgs Boson particle is found ?
I also understand that the purpose of the LHC is to find the elusive God particle .
If this was found , what would be the implications for science as we know it , and what would the next steps be ?
Darren
I also understand that the purpose of the LHC is to find the elusive God particle .
If this was found , what would be the implications for science as we know it , and what would the next steps be ?
A The Higgs particle is one of our theoretical explanations for the origin lf mass in the Universe .
If found , therefore , we will understand what mass is !
This is the place where we are " stuck " at the moment in our theories , and answering this question will we suspect provide a door to a deeper understanding of the Universe .
If the Higgs theory is wrong , by the way , then we will see whatever it is that is responsible for generating mass - it does n't HAVE to be a Higgs particle !
The implications are quite profound because this is the point at which our current best theory of reality , the Standard Model , breaks down .
We have been stuck here for several decades , so the LHC is guaranteed to be a giant leap forwrad whatever we find there .
BC
The Higgs particle is one of our theoretical explanations for the origin lf mass in the Universe .
If found , therefore , we will understand what mass is !
This is the place where we are " stuck " at the moment in our theories , and answering this question will we suspect provide a door to a deeper understanding of the Universe .
If the Higgs theory is wrong , by the way , then we will see whatever it is that is responsible for generating mass - it does n't HAVE to be a Higgs particle !
The implications are quite profound because this is the point at which our current best theory of reality , the Standard Model , breaks down .
We have been stuck here for several decades , so the LHC is guaranteed to be a giant leap forwrad whatever we find there .
Q
What if there is no Higgs Boson ?
What will it mean if the Higgs Boson and other particles are not detected by the LHC ?
Alex
What will it mean if the Higgs Boson and other particles are not detected by the LHC ?
A See above !
It will be more exciting in many ways because it will mean that we have understood much less than we thought about nature .
BC
See above !
It will be more exciting in many ways because it will mean that we have understood much less than we thought about nature .
Q Can bacteria survive ?
Would it be possible to put various simple bacteria into the experiment to see if it survives .
We are relatively certain that plant RNA probably evolved during the big bang .
Animal DNA on the other hand could not and possibly came from meteorites carrying bacteria from other worlds ( Panspermia theory ) .
It would put this idea to bed if it could n't survive the big bang .
Mick
Would it be possible to put various simple bacteria into the experiment to see if it survives .
We are relatively certain that plant RNA probably evolved during the big bang .
Animal DNA on the other hand could not and possibly came from meteorites carrying bacteria from other worlds ( Panspermia theory ) .
It would put this idea to bed if it could n't survive the big bang .
A
It wo n't !
At the temperatures we generate in the collisions at LHC even protons and neutrons do n't survive , never mind atoms and molecules .
BC
It wo n't !
At the temperatures we generate in the collisions at LHC even protons and neutrons do n't survive , never mind atoms and molecules .
Q Safety Concerns
CERN have been confident in the prediction that there are no major risks associated with the LHC 's operation .
How robust is this prediction ?
In particular , how reliant is it upon unsupported theoretical assumptions ?
Chris
I have heard that there is a very small possibility that this experiment could go wrong and create a black hole that could be catastrophic , is this actually possible ?
Chris
Okay , so how do we know this thing wo n't make planet Earth implode then ?
Stephen
Why would scientists want to risk the planet in this way ?
It is of course fascinating to want to know how the big bang worked but what is the point if our world was destroyed ?
Nobody will be around to find out the answer or if the experiment was successful or not .
I am not being alarmist I just think that any risk is a risk too much .
I and my precious family wish to be around on this beautiful planet for a long while .
Pam
CERN have been confident in the prediction that there are no major risks associated with the LHC 's operation .
How robust is this prediction ?
In particular , how reliant is it upon unsupported theoretical assumptions ?
I have heard that there is a very small possibility that this experiment could go wrong and create a black hole that could be catastrophic , is this actually possible ?
Okay , so how do we know this thing wo n't make planet Earth implode then ?
Why would scientists want to risk the planet in this way ?
It is of course fascinating to want to know how the big bang worked but what is the point if our world was destroyed ?
Nobody will be around to find out the answer or if the experiment was successful or not .
I am not being alarmist I just think that any risk is a risk too much .
I and my precious family wish to be around on this beautiful planet for a long while .
A
Let me answer all of these at once .
The LHC has absolutely no chance of destroying anything bigger than a few protons , let alone the Earth .
This is not based on theoretical assumptions .
It is , of course , essential that all scientific research at the frontiers of knowledge , from genetics to particle physics , is subjected to the most rigorous scrutiny to ensure that our voyages into the unknown do not result in unforeseen , perhaps dangerous outcomes .
CERN , and indeed all research establishments , do this routinely and to the satisfaction of their host governments .
In the case of the LHC , a report in plain English is available here :
http://public.web.cern.ch/public/en/LHC/Safety-en.html
For the record , the LHC collides particles together at energies far below those naturally occurring in many places in the Universe , including the upper atmosphere of our planet every second of every day .
If the LHC can produce micro black holes , for example , then nature is doing it right now by smashing ultra - high energy cosmic ray particles into the Earth directly above our heads with no discernable consequences .
The overwhelmingly most likely explanation for our continued existence in the face of this potentially prolific production of black holes is that they are n’t produced at all because there are either no extra dimensions in the Universe , or they are n’t set up right for us to see them .
If black holes are being produced , then next on the list of explanations for our continued existence is the broad theoretical consensus that sub-atomic black holes should fizzle back into the Universe very quickly billionths of a second after they are created in a little flash of particles via a process known as Hawking radiation .
In other words they evaporate away very quickly indeed .
This process , which is perhaps Steven Hawking ’s greatest contribution to theoretical physics , is on significantly firmer theoretical ground than the extra dimensions theories required to create the little black holes in the first place .
Even if Hawking is wrong , and therefore much of our understanding of modern physics is also wrong , the little black holes would be so tiny that they would rarely come close enough to a particle of matter in the Earth to eat it and grow .
And even if you do n’t buy any of this , then you can still relax in the knowledge that we have no evidence anywhere in the Universe of a little black hole eating anything – not just Earth but the Sun and planets and every star we can see in the sky including the immensely dense neutron stars and white dwarfs , remnants of ancient Suns that populate the sky in their millions and which because of their density would make great black hole food .
So - the only theoretical bit is in the proposition that you can make little black holes in the first place .
From then on , observation tells us that these things either ( a ) do n't exist - the most likely explanation , or ( b ) exist but do not eat neutron stars and are therefore harmless , probably because they evaporate away very quickly indeed !
I am in fact immensely irritated by the conspiracy theorists who spread this nonsense around and try to scare people .
This non-story is symptomatic of a larger mistrust in science , particularly in the US , which includes intelligent design amongst other things .
The only serious issue is why so many people who do n't have the time or inclination to discover for themselves why this stuff is total crap have to be exposed to the opinions of these half - wits .
BC
Let me answer all of these at once .
The LHC has absolutely no chance of destroying anything bigger than a few protons , let alone the Earth .
This is not based on theoretical assumptions .
It is , of course , essential that all scientific research at the frontiers of knowledge , from genetics to particle physics , is subjected to the most rigorous scrutiny to ensure that our voyages into the unknown do not result in unforeseen , perhaps dangerous outcomes .
CERN , and indeed all research establishments , do this routinely and to the satisfaction of their host governments .
In the case of the LHC , a report in plain English is available here : http://public.web.cern.ch/public/en/LHC/Safety-en.html
For the record , the LHC collides particles together at energies far below those naturally occurring in many places in the Universe , including the upper atmosphere of our planet every second of every day .
If the LHC can produce micro black holes , for example , then nature is doing it right now by smashing ultra - high energy cosmic ray particles into the Earth directly above our heads with no discernable consequences .
The overwhelmingly most likely explanation for our continued existence in the face of this potentially prolific production of black holes is that they are n’t produced at all because there are either no extra dimensions in the Universe , or they are n’t set up right for us to see them .
If black holes are being produced , then next on the list of explanations for our continued existence is the broad theoretical consensus that sub-atomic black holes should fizzle back into the Universe very quickly billionths of a second after they are created in a little flash of particles via a process known as Hawking radiation .
In other words they evaporate away very quickly indeed .
This process , which is perhaps Steven Hawking ’s greatest contribution to theoretical physics , is on significantly firmer theoretical ground than the extra dimensions theories required to create the little black holes in the first place .
Even if Hawking is wrong , and therefore much of our understanding of modern physics is also wrong , the little black holes would be so tiny that they would rarely come close enough to a particle of matter in the Earth to eat it and grow .
And even if you do n’t buy any of this , then you can still relax in the knowledge that we have no evidence anywhere in the Universe of a little black hole eating anything – not just Earth but the Sun and planets and every star we can see in the sky including the immensely dense neutron stars and white dwarfs , remnants of ancient Suns that populate the sky in their millions and which because of their density would make great black hole food .
So - the only theoretical bit is in the proposition that you can make little black holes in the first place .
From then on , observation tells us that these things either ( a ) do n't exist - the most likely explanation , or ( b ) exist but do not eat neutron stars and are therefore harmless , probably because they evaporate away very quickly indeed !
I am in fact immensely irritated by the conspiracy theorists who spread this nonsense around and try to scare people .
This non-story is symptomatic of a larger mistrust in science , particularly in the US , which includes intelligent design amongst other things .
The only serious issue is why so many people who do n't have the time or inclination to discover for themselves why this stuff is total crap have to be exposed to the opinions of these half - wits .
Q The Original Big Bang
May I ask , how do you know that there was a " Big Bang " in the first place , surely it 's all just guess work and speculation .
Andrew
What instigated that first big bang ?
Surely there need be something to have caused it ?
Is it a cop out to say that first cause is transcendent or just the best possible answer ?
Christopher
I watched a program with Stephen Hawkins and he said that before the " Big Bang " there was nothing , if there was nothing , then where did everything come from ...?
Andrew
May I ask , how do you know that there was a " Big Bang " in the first place , surely it 's all just guess work and speculation .
What instigated that first big bang ?
Surely there need be something to have caused it ?
Is it a cop out to say that first cause is transcendent or just the best possible answer ?
I watched a program with Stephen Hawkins and he said that before the " Big Bang " there was nothing , if there was nothing , then where did everything come from ...?
A
See above for a discussion of possible alternative theories for the Big Bang .
BC Ask the Expert Ask the expert anything about the CERN project Send us your questions and Brian Cox , on the scientists at CERN will answer a selection .
Name :
Email :
Question :
We cannot guarantee that all questions will be answered .
The BBC promises that you will NOT receive unsolicited mail by supplying personal details via this form .
See our privacy policy .
THE ACCUSED
Henry Alfred Kissinger , former U.S. Secretary of state , national security adviser and Nobel laureate
THE ACCUSATIONS
Complicity in coup against Chilean government plus the " killing , injury and displacement " of three million people during Vietnam War .
CURRENT WHEREABOUTS
Head of Kissinger Associates , Inc. , international consulting firm in Washington .
It was a rainy day in spring when they brought Charles Horman home .
The U.S. journalist and filmmaker had been abducted and killed after the Chilean military overthrew president Salvador Allende in September , 1973 .
Six months later , his body arrived by plane in a crude wooden crate with " Charles Horman from Santiago " scrawled on the side .
As the makeshift coffin was unloaded at Green - Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn , N.Y. , the driving rain washed the words away , sending trails of black ink down the box .
It was April 13 , 1974 .
Even before Mr. Horman 's widow , Joyce , found herself standing in the rain that day , she had vowed that no one would ever erase the memory of what had been done to her husband .
She has been true to her word .
In the chaos that followed General Augusto Pinochet 's decision to depose Mr. Allende on Sept. 11 , 1973 , hundreds of the leftist president 's supporters were taken away to be tortured , beaten or killed .
Mr. Horman , an Allende sympathizer living in Santiago , was one of them .
In the month that followed , Ms. Horman , then 29 , and her father - in - law , Ed , searched frantically for Mr. Horman -- an ordeal dramatized in the Oscar - winning 1982 film Missing , starring Sissy Spacek and Jack Lemmon .
The movie ends when Joyce and Ed discover that Charles is dead , killed by the military and his body hidden in a wall at a Santiago cemetery .
But Joyce Horman 's search continues .
For 28 years , she has struggled to track down those who killed the man she loved .
And the person at the center of her quest is none other than Henry Alfred Kissinger .
A leading citizen of the world 's most powerful nation , Mr. Kissinger served as U.S. Secretary of state and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in the same year as the coup in Chile .
He was also national security adviser to president Richard Nixon , and Ms. Horman believes that he and other U.S. officials were deeply involved in the events that cost her husband his life .
It has been almost 30 years , and she does n't seem bitter .
At 57 , she is pleasant and straightforward , in her stylish glasses with owlish frames , and has friends , a career and a social life .
Nor does she seem obsessed with her dead husband .
No photographs of him are to be seen in her bright apartment on Manhattan 's Upper East Side .
Even so , the events of 1973 still cast a dark shadow .
Asked what she misses most about Charles , she dissolves into tears and then explains : " He was intelligent , friendly , interesting -- he just loved life , and that 's why his friends loved him . "
Of course , nothing can replace the life she and her husband might have had .
All that she wants now , she says , is the simple truth -- and that leads to Mr. Kissinger .
" There 's no way around him , " she says .
" He is the most responsible person for the behavior of the U.S. government in Chile at that time .
He needs to be put on trial . "
A few years ago , that would have seemed wildly improbable .
The armor of sovereign immunity protected all officials from the acts they committed on government service , no matter how unsavory .
But the 1998 arrest of the man behind the coup , Gen. Pinochet , has knocked a gaping hole in that armor Since then , a posse of victims , human - rights activists and crusading prosecutors has tried to apply this " Pinochet precedent " to others accused of mass killing , torture , abduction and war crimes .
Mr. Kissinger is their biggest quarry yet , and they are getting closer all the time .
Now , prosecutors in Chile , Argentina , Spain and France want him to testify about what happened in Chile .
Last month , a Chilean judge staged a re-enactment of the Horman killing at Santiago 's National Stadium , and now wants Mr. Kissinger at least to answer written questions about U.S. involvement in the coup .
Ms. Horman is thrilled , but she has a different reason for chasing the great statesman : " My main goal is to find out what happened to Charles . "
As author Thomas Hauser wrote in The Execution of Charles Horman , the book that inspired the film Missing , both Mr. Horman , the brilliant son of a New York industrial designer , and Joyce , the lively daughter of a Minnesota grocer , had absorbed the questing , skeptical spirit of the Sixties .
Mr. Horman covered the riots at the Democratic National Convention in 1968 for the liberal journal The Nation and made a film about napalm .
The couple had been married less than three years when , in 1971 , they set off in a camper van through Latin America .
When they reached Santiago , they decided to stay .
It was a heady time in Chile .
Mr. Allende had come to power in 1970 and brought in radical changes : land reform , wealth redistribution and the nationalization of key industries .
Mr. Horman began writing for a local magazine that often attacked Mr. Nixon for undermining the Allende government .
When the military stepped in , he was in the coastal city of Vina del Mar with friend Terry Simon ; they met two U.S. officers who seemed to know a lot about the coup .
Mr. Horman concluded that his country had plotted with Gen. Pinochet , and made copious notes -- which may have cost him his life .
Back in Santiago , essentially a war zone , he and his wife decided to return to the States as soon as possible .
But on Sept. 17 , a light green truck pulled up at their house , and a dozen soldiers carried out Mr. Horman and armloads of papers and books .
Ms. Horman was n't home at the time , and never saw her husband again .
The truck drove straight to the National Stadium , a clearinghouse for the thousands of Chileans being rounded up .
At least four dozen were killed there -- a first installment on the more than 3,000 killed during the Pinochet regime .
Returning home to find the house in a shambles , Ms. Horman contacted the U.S. Embassy seeking help .
She got the run-around .
When she finally asked if the embassy could get her into the stadium , a U.S. diplomat asked , " What are you going to do , Mrs. Horman , look under all the bleachers ? "
For four weeks , she pounded the pavement , meeting with anyone she thought might be able to help , while her father - in - law , who had flown in from New York , visited hospitals and morgues .
Finally , they got into the stadium .
A Chilean colonel led Ed Horman to a platform , where he addressed the roughly 2,000 prisoners under guard in the stands .
" Charles Horman , this is your father , " he said .
" If you are here , I would like you to take my word that it is safe and come to me now . "
His heart jumped when a young man ran forward , but he realized that it was not his son .
" Right then , " he said later , " I knew I 'd never see Charles again . "
Five days later , an official of the Ford Foundation , a U.S. philanthropic agency , told Mr. Horman he had learned from a military contact that his only child " was executed in the National Stadium on Sept. 20 . "
The next day , a U.S. official confirmed that Charles 's body had been found in a local morgue .
Two days later , Ms. Horman and her father - in - law flew home , and it was then that her real struggle began .
She and her husband 's parents brought a wrongful - death suit against the U.S. Government and Mr. Kissinger , but it was dismissed for lack of evidence in 1978 .
The book followed , along with the Oscar - winning 1982 movie by director Constantin Costa - Gavras .
By then Ms. Horman was struggling with an attack of lymphoma and she decided she had to get on with her life .
For the next two decades , she worked as a computer and systems consultant for the United Nations Development Program , the office of the Mayor of New York , Oracle Corp . and others .
She dated other men , but did not remarry .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Before the coup , she and her husband had planned to return to the United States to raise a family .
He would have turned 60 on May 15 ( an occasion she marked by holding a 20th anniversary party for Missing , with proceeds going to the Charles Horman Truth Project ) .
She remained close to the Hormans , moving into the Manhattan building where her husband grew up and helping to care for them as they aged .
Ed Horman died in 1993 , followed last year by his wife , Elizabeth , at the age of 96 .
Ms. Horman never gave up wondering about her husband 's death , and in 1998 an event gave her new hope .
On Oct. 16 , she turned on the news to hear that Gen. Pinochet had been arrested in London on an extradition request from a Spanish judge seeking to prosecute him .
Exhilarated , she traveled to England to join the attempt to persuade British courts to hand him over .
Eventually , the British government let him go home for health reasons , but Gen .
Pinochet 's detention set a precedent that galvanized the international justice movement .
Ms. Horman and her lawyers tried again to get the U.S. Government to release classified documents relating to her husband 's disappearance .
Finally , in 2000 , it gave them the full results of two internal reviews of the killing .
Neither found any direct U.S. link , but one did uncover " circumstantial evidence " that the Central Intelligence Agency " may have played an unfortunate part in Horman 's death . "
It went on to say that " the government of Chile might have believed this American could be killed without negative fallout from the U.S. Government "
The second review said it was hard to believe that the Chilean military would have killed Mr. Horman unless it had some kind of signal from Washington .
Although tantalizing , the disclosures were not enough to reopen the wrongful - death case .
So Ms. Horman did some sleuthing on her own .
Supported by money from the Ford Foundation , she traveled to France , Switzerland , Sweden , Chile and different parts of the United States to search for people who might have some idea of how and why her husband was killed .
She gathered enough information to file a criminal complaint in Chile against Gen.
Pinochet and others in his circle .
The case found its way to Juan Guzman , the crusading judge who indicted the general for human - rights crimes after his return from England and who managed to have his immunity to prosecution lifted .
The General , now 86 , escaped trial after a court found him mentally unfit , but Judge Guzman is pushing ahead all the same .
Last month , he arranged the reenactment at the National Stadium , and last fall sent 17 questions about the Horman abduction to Mr. Kissinger and other U.S. Officials
So far , no reply .
Joyce Horman believes U.S. Officials tipped off friends in the Chilean military that her husband had found evidence of U.S. Involvement while in Vina del Mar. Rafael Gonzalez , a disgruntled Chilean intelligence agent , told reporters in the 1970s that the army 's head of intelligence , Gen. Augusto Lutz , decided that Mr. Horman " knew too much , " and an American military officer was in the room at the time .
Ms. Horman hopes to track down that man .
" I want to find out exactly what happened to Charlie : who picked him up , why they picked him up , who questioned him , how they came to decide he had to disappear . "
Those questions lead her straight to Mr. Kissinger who , as well as being national security adviser , led the high - level " 40 committee " that helped to oversee U.S. intelligence efforts .
Even if he played no direct role in her husband 's death , she believes he knew how and why it happened .
" Kissinger rolled up his sleeves in Chile . . . .
He went down to talk to Pinochet after the coup .
I mean , for heaven 's sake , how obnoxious . "
Mr. Kissinger , now 79 , denies everything .
He refused to return calls for this article , but has said he knows nothing about the Horman case .
" If it were brought to my attention , I would have done something , " he told The New York Times .
He also denies any role in the coup .
In his books , he admits he took a dim view of Mr. Allende and joined a U.S. effort to have him overthrown , but aborted it as a lost cause .
He met Gen .
Pinochet , he says , to tell him to pay attention to calls from the U.S. Congress for an end to political repression .
But Mr. Kissinger also has others on his trail .
Last May , a French judge sent the police to his Paris hotel to ask him to appear at the Justice Ministry the next day and answer questions about five French citizens who disappeared after the Chilean coup .
Instead , Mr. Kissinger promptly left town .
That same month , an Argentine judge said he wanted Mr. Kissinger to testify about American involvement in Operation Condor , the scheme by South American dictatorships , including Argentina and Chile , to abduct or kill opponents living in exile .
In April , a British human - rights campaigner asked a London judge to arrest Mr. Kissinger under the Geneva Conventions
Act of 1957 for the " killing , injury and displacement " of three million people in Indochina during the Vietnam War years .
The judge rejected the application , but not before Mr. Kissinger had to endure a protest by 200 activists calling him an " evil war criminal . "
Plans for a similar protest apparently led him to cancel a planned trip to Brazil as well .
Finally , in Washington , Mr. Kissinger faces a $ 3 - million ( U.S. ) lawsuit by the family of René Schneider , a Chilean general assassinated in 1970 for opposing plans for a coup against Mr. Allende .
This quickening pace of the pursuit raises a touchy issue for international justice :
Whose justice is it ?
Until now , those brought to trial largely have come from poor or defeated countries such as Serbia and Rwanda .
But activists say that must change .
To have any force , international law must apply to the rich and powerful too .
" If the drive to put Kissinger in the witness box , let alone the dock , should succeed , then it would rebut the taunt about ' victor 's justice ' in war - crimes trials , " writes British journalist Christopher Hitchens , who asserts in his book The Trial of Henry Kissinger there are grounds for an indictment .
" It would demonstrate that no person , and no society or state , is above the law .
Conversely , if the initiative should fail , then it would seem to be true that we have woven a net for the catching of small fish only . "
But Mr. Kissinger is one fish the United States does not want on anyone 's hook .
The attempts to arrest or even question him touch off Washington 's worst fears about the evolving movement for international justice .
Just last month , the administration of President George W. Bush declared it would have nothing to do with the world 's first permanent war - crimes tribunal , the International Criminal Court .
If foreign judges could second - guess their every decision , U.S. officials argue , it would be open season on the United States .
The man making that argument most forcefully perhaps has the most to lose : Mr. Kissinger himself .
" Nobody can say that I served in an administration that did not make mistakes , " he said in London in April .
" It is quite possible that mistakes were made , but that is not the issue .
The issue is , 30 years after the event , whether the courts are the appropriate means by which this determination is made . "
In his book Does America Need a Foreign Policy ? , he holds that , in theory , any court anywhere can try a person accused of crimes against humanity .
" When discretion on what crimes are subject to universal jurisdiction and whom to prosecute is left to national prosecutors , the scope for arbitrariness is wide indeed , " he argues .
None of this cuts much ice with Joyce Horman .
She argues that the officials of a democratic nation like the United States must be accountable for their actions .
If that takes a foreign prosecutor , so be it .
" The American military and the American government have an incredible amount of power and the abuse of that power was typified by the Chilean coup , " she says .
" For Americans to be bumping off Americans in foreign lands is not what American citizens want their government to be doing . "
View Transcript
Transcript
A man says , " Hi , I 'm a customer of your commercial sales division . "
" The man says , " I heard you would be the best person to answer a technical question ... "
Dilbert says , " I do n't work in that division . "
The man says , " I know .
It 's just a quick question . "
Dilbert says , " If I tell you something different from what the commercial division tells you , I 'll get in trouble . "
Dilbert says , " But I 'll also get in trouble for not helping a customer . "
Dilbert says , " My safest course of action is to fake my own death . "
The man says , " You 're a bad actor . "
Dilbert says , " It is n't polite to insult the dead . "
Rep. Kaptur : Normal legislative process has been shut down , high financial crimes committed , Republican Michael Burgess says “ martial law ” has been announced
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , September 29 , 2008
Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur boldly slammed the bailout bill this past weekend as the work of criminal insiders who have shut down the normal legislative process to commit “ high financial crimes ” and defraud the American people , while Rep. Michael Burgess warns that “ martial law ” has been declared .
The two Congress members are part of a growing minority of representatives sounding the alarm about the dictatorial nature of the bailout bill , which is expected to be up for a vote in the House today , with most in Congress having not had the opportunity to even read the legislation .
The bill is expected to reach the Senate on Wednesday as a raft of outraged politicians cry foul about being strong - armed and accused of being unpatriotic for opposing the carte - blanche passage of a piece of legislation that fundamentally centralizes control of the financial infrastructure of the country into the hands of the government and the Federal Reserve .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ We are Constitutionally sworn to protect and defend this Republic against all enemies foreign and domestic .
And my friends there are enemies , ” Kaptur told the House floor .
“ The people pushing this deal are the very ones who are responsible for the implosion on Wall Street .
They were fraudulent then and they are fraudulent now . ”
“ My message to the American people do n’t let Congress seal this deal .
High financial crimes have been committed , ” added the Democrat from Ohio .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Get the inside story on the elite ’s agenda for population reduction – ENDGAME : BLUEPRINT FOR GLOBAL ENSLAVEMENT – watch it in high quality right now at Prison Planet.tv !
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
“ The normal legislative process has been shelved .
Only a few insiders are doing the dealing , sounds like insider trading to me .
These criminals have so much political power than can shut down the normal legislative process of the highest law making body of this land , ” Kaptur concluded .
Elsewhere , Rep. Michael Burgess ( R - TX ) said that the only information he had received about the bailout was what talking points to use on the American people and that he had been thrown out of meetings for not blindly supporting the bill .
Ominously , Burgess also comments , “ Mr. Speaker I understand we are under Martial Law as declared by the speaker last night . ”
Absent any proper hearings concerning the legislation , Burgess called for the legislation to at least be posted on the Internet for 24 hours so that the American people could “ see what we have done in the dark of night . ”
Watch the comments of Burgess followed by Kaptur .
This article was posted : Monday , September 29 , 2008 at 3:46 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
More on the emergency Fed and Wall Street meeting ...
From the SEC :
Senior representatives of major financial institutions are meeting at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Friday evening to discuss recent market conditions .
Also participating in the meeting are Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson , Jr. , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox , and Federal Reserve Bank of New York President Timothy F. Geithner .
Timothy F. Geithner , the president of the New York Federal Reserve , called a 6 p.m. meeting so that bank officials could review their financial exposures to Lehman Brothers and work out contingency plans over the possibility that the government would need to orchestrate an orderly liquidation of the firm on Monday ...
emphasis added
Mr. Geithner told the participants that an industry solution was needed , no matter what , and that it was not about any individual bank ...
They said he told them that if the industry failed to solve the problem their individual banks might be next .
From Jenny Anderson , Edmund L. Andrews , Vikas Bajaj and Eric Dash at the NY Times : U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis Pretty strong stuff for a Friday night .
By Elizabeth Mitchell
Science reporter , BBC News
Bumblebee vs Robotic Crab Spider Scientists have found that bumblebees learn from their " near - death " encounters with crab spiders and adapt their future foraging strategies .
They watched real bees in an artificial meadow - containing yellow " flowers " and robotic crab spiders .
Bees that had been " captured " spent longer inspecting flowers during subsequent foraging trips .
They may outwit the spiders - but at the expense of valuable foraging time , Current Biology reports .
Crab spiders lie in wait on flowers , ready to ambush their " most prized prey " - the bumblebee .
This cryptic predator has an amazing ability to change its colour to closely match the flower it is lurking on .
Scientists wanted to know if bumblebees adapt their foraging behaviour after encountering a crab spider .
Artificial meadow Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dr Thomas Ings and Professor Lars Chittka from the Queen Mary University in London created a " meadow " with artificial yellow flowers .
" The bees behave very much as they do in nature : they go from one flower to the other as they empty it of food , " Dr Ings told BBC News .
" Dangerous " flowers harboured life - sized , robotic crab spiders with two remote - controlled , foam pincers .
The bees were introduced to a meadow containing well hidden ( yellow ) or highly visible ( white ) spiders .
" We thought it would be more difficult for the bees to learn to avoid camouflaged spiders , " explained Dr Ings .
" However , the bees learned to avoid both types of spider equally well - and very quickly , " he said .
Trade - off A 3D video tracking system revealed that although the bees became very accurate at detecting the camouflaged spiders - they also became increasingly wary .
" When they come in to inspect flowers , they spend a little bit longer hovering in front of them when they know a camouflaged spider is present , " said Dr Ings .
" Cautious " bumblebees spend longer inspecting flowers
With this " trade - off " , the bees may lose valuable foraging time - but they reduce the risk of becoming the crab spider 's next meal .
Their memory does not fade : the next day the bees rejected all yellow flowers - even those without spiders .
These " false alarms " may have a knock - on effect on pollination - bees may ignore a whole patch of flowers if they know it contains a high number of camouflaged spiders .
The bees that detected the highly visible ( white ) spiders did not change their flight behaviour .
It is unclear why the crab spider uses so much energy to change colour - especially when this strategy seems to make their prey more cautious .
" It might be that camouflage reduces the chances of the crab spiders being eaten by their own predators , " suggested Dr Ings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Literally , This Is Energy From Dirt ”
ACCRA , Ghana May 10 ( IPS ) –
You ’ve heard of solar power , and also wind power .
Now , you might start hearing about soil power as well .
Microbial fuel cells ( MFCs ) that make use of the energy given off by soil microbes are amongst the technologies that hold promise for bringing power to developing states , where electricity is often scarce .
The cells also form part of a project that has just won a grant of almost 200,000 dollars in the ‘ Development Marketplace ’ competition , for which results were announced at ‘ Lighting Africa 2008 ‘ ; this May 5 - 8 conference took place in the Ghanaian capital of Accra .
The project , developed by six students at Harvard University in the United States , was one of 16 winners selected from 52 finalists competing to bring innovative lighting products to the 74 percent of Africans without access to electricity .
The Development Marketplace competition was held under the ‘ Lighting Africa ’ campaign , launched towards the end of last year by the World Bank Group .
Lighting Africa aims to provide 250 million people on the continent with safe , reliable and economical lighting products and energy services that do not make use of fossil fuels , by 2030 .
The Harvard students , four of whom come from Africa , have created Lebônê Solutions to deliver low - cost energy using microbial fuel cells .
Their grant will be matched by private industry .
South African Hugo Van Vuuren , founder and managing partner of Lebônê , says the cells are very simple to make and can be built locally .
He sat down with IPS environment correspondent Stephen Leahy to chat about the grant soon after the results of the competition were announced .
IPS : Congratulations on your win .
How do you feel ?
HUGO VAN VUUREN :
We ’re all still very excited .
This is a potentially big innovation and I have to credit the IFC for backing innovative ideas rather than just pushing the current technology .
We ca n’t wait to get started and see if we can bring this technology to Africa .
( The IFC , the International Finance Corporation , helps build the private sector in developing nations ; it forms part of the World Bank Group . )
IPS : How exactly does the microbial fuel cell work ?
HV : A microbial fuel cell taps into the energy that soil microbes generate when they break down organic matter .
Literally , this is energy from dirt : no special microbes or conditions are needed other than enough moisture for the bugs to do their work .
Essentially all you do is dig a hole , layer an anode , some soil , sand and a cathode — and connect the anode and cathode to a circuit board to charge a battery that can power an LED ( light emitting diode ) light , run a radio or charge a mobile phone .
Harvard biology professor Peter Girguis developed the technology , called Living Power Systems , and is our technology partner .
IPS : How can the cells be of use in Africa ?
HV : In Africa the problem is not lighting , it ’s actually energy .
There are all kinds of high - efficiency LED lights available now .
The important thing is to create very low cost , off - grid energy .
We estimate that MFCs will be much cheaper than solar because the anodes and cathodes can be made of local materials — scrap metal or other material — and they are maintenance - free .
They are also robust and will operate in any temperature , as long there is some moisture and organic matter in the ground .
They will operate best when breaking down human or animal waste .
IPS : But , the circuit board looks complex .
Will that be made locally ?
HV : Our prototype board here has extra circuits for testing , so the 20 circuit boards we will use in the field will be simpler .
We ’ll bring in the components ; they ’ll be assembled locally at our pilot project in Tanzania over the next couple of months .
Eventually we believe the boards will be simple enough to be made locally .
IPS : What are the drawbacks of the MFC ?
HV : Low power .
A cubic metre of organic matter will generate only enough energy to light one high - efficiency LED light .
Unlike solar , it produces energy 24 hours a day and will do so for years .
Units can be easily linked together to generate 10 to 15 times as much energy .
An additional advantage is , these systems are underground and there is nothing to steal .
MFCs will never generate as much energy as wind turbines , but are an ideal solution for replacing kerosene lighting in households in much of Africa .
IPS : What would a system like this cost ?
HV : We ’re counting on boosting the efficiency of the system during our testing and trials over the next 18 months .
When we ’re ready to scale up production in three years a system including MFC , battery , circuit board and some LED lights will cost less than 10 dollars .
IPS : Why did you and your partners embark on this project ?
HV : It started as a class project at Harvard .
We were supposed to come up with a way to make an attractive LED display at the London Olympics .
We Africans and the two Americans wanted to do something more useful than that and knew the need for low - cost energy in Africa .
Let me tell you about them .
Stephen Lwendo of Tanzania is studying computer science and heading the pilot project .
David Sengeh of Sierra Leone is in engineering and works on the technology side with American Avia Presser , an MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) biology graduate .
Zoe Sachs - Arellano co-founded Namibia Connection Youth Network and works on the development aspects , and Alexander Fabry of the U.S. looks at the impact of the technology and handles the grant applications .
( Van Vuuren graduated in economics last year . )
E
Chinese researchers claim they 've confirmed the theory behind an " impossible " space drive , and are proceeding to build a demonstration version .
If they 're right , this might transform the economics of satellites , open up new possibilities for space exploration –- and give the Chinese a decisive military advantage in space .
To say that the " Emdrive " ( short for " electromagnetic drive " ) concept is controversial would be an understatement .
According to Roger Shawyer , the British scientist who developed the concept , the drive converts electrical energy into thrust via microwaves , without violating any laws of physics .
Many researchers believe otherwise .
An article about the Emdrive in New Scientist magazine drew a massive volley of criticism .
Scientists not only argued that Shawyer 's work was blatantly impossible , and that his reasoning was flawed .
They also said the article should never have been published .
" It is well known that Roger Shawyer 's ' electromagnetic relativity drive ' violates the law of conservation of momentum , making it simply the latest in a long line of ' perpetuum mobiles ' that have been proposed and disproved for centuries , " wrote John Costella , an Australian physicist .
" His analysis is rubbish and his ' drive ' impossible . "
Shawyer stands by his theoretical work .
His company , Satellite Propulsion Research ( SPR ) , has constructed demonstration engines , which he says produce thrust using a tapering resonant cavity filled with microwaves .
He is adamant that this is not a perpetual motion machine , and does not violate the law of conservation of momentum because different reference frames apply to the drive and the waves within it .
Shawyer 's big challenge , he says , has been getting people who will actually look into his claims rather than simply dismissing them .
Such extravagant claims are usually associated with self - taught , backyard inventors claiming Einstein got it all wrong .
But Shawyer is a scientist who has worked with radar and communication systems and was a program manager at European space company EADS Astrium ; his work rests entirely on Einstein being right .
The thrust is the result of a relativistic effect and would not occur under simple Newtonian physics .
Many have dismissed his work out of hand , and British government funding has ceased .
He has had some interest from both the United States and China .
Now the Chinese connection with the Northwestern Polytechnical University ( NPU ) in Xi'an seems to have paid off .
" NPU started their research program in June 2007 , under the supervision of Professor Yang Juan .
They have independently developed a mathematical simulation which shows unequivocally that a net force can be produced from a simple resonant tapered cavity , " Shawyer tells Danger Room .
" The thrust levels predicted by this simulation are similar to those resulting from the SPR design software , and the SPR test results . "
What 's more , Shawyer says , NPU is " currently manufacturing " a " thruster " based on this theoretical work .
The NPU have confirmed that they have reproduced the theoretical work , and are building a demosntration version of the Emdrive .
Needless to say , independent confirmation is a big deal – though many will want to see it published in a peer - reviewed journal .
Even when it is , I doubt the controversy will subside .
Prof .
Yang has plenty of experience in this type of area , having previously done work on microwave plasma thrusters , which use a resonant cavity to accelerate a plasma jet for propulsion .
While the theory behind the Emdrive is very different , the engineering principles of building the hardware are similar .
The Chinese should be capable of determining whether the thruster really works or whether the apparent forces are caused by experimental errors .
The thrust produced is small , but significant .
Shawyer compares a C - Band Emdrivewith the existing NSTAR ion thruster used by NASA .
The Emdrive produces 85 mN of thrust compared to 92 for the NSTAR ( that 's about one - third of an ounce ) , but the Emdrive only consumes a quarter of the amount of power and weighs less than 7 kilos , compared to over 30 kilos .
The biggest difference is in propellant : NSTAR uses 10 grams per hour ; the Emdrive uses none .
As long as it has an electricity supply , the Emdrive will keep going .
The possibilities are phenomenal : Instead of going out of service when they run out of fuel , satellites would have greatly extended endurance and be able to move around at will .
( We would n't have to shoot them downbecause of the risk from toxic fuel either . )
Deep space probes could go further , faster –- and stop when they arrive .
Shawyer calculates that a solar - powered Emdrive could take a manned mission to Mars in 41 days .
Provided it works , of course .
What will China do with the technology ?
It may be relevant that professor Yang is not unknown in military circles , having published a paper called " Plasma Attack Against Low - Orbit Spy Satellites . "
Meanwhile , what about the American interest ?
Shawyer told me that " the flight thruster program is on hold for the present .
[ O ] nce the U.K. government had provided an export license for a U.S. military application , the major U.S. aerospace company we had been dealing with stopped talking to us . "
The company may have decided that the Emdrive could not work .
If they 're wrong , China has at least a year 's head start in a technology that will dominate space and make previous satellites as obsolete as sailing ships in the age of steam .
( Picture : SPR Ltd )
When you were small , you probably heard the fairytale The Frog Prince .
The original version of the story is rather more complicated .
The Frog Prince : original version
Once upon a time , a princess was walking through a forest and stumbled across a pond .
Out of the pond rose a witch , who cackled , " Stop !
I have turned a handsome prince into a frog and cast him into my pond to live with 99 other frogs .
Each frog has a different number on his back .
The prince has the largest number on his back , and this is your only way of spotting him .
You must find him and kiss him if you want to leave my enchanted forest .
The frogs will jump from the pond one by one .
When each frog appears , you must decide whether to kiss him or throw him back in , never to be seen again .
If you kiss a real frog , or do n't kiss any of the 100 frogs , you will never leave the forest , and the prince will remain in the pond . "
And with a suitably evil laugh , the witch sank back into her murky pond .
Fortunately , the princess was very good at maths , and knew the best strategy for deciding which frog to kiss .
A prince ?
Frog 1 hopped out of the pond with the number 2 on its back .
The princess kicked it back into the pond .
Frog 2 had the number 12 on its back .
Better , but it received the same treatment from the princess .
Frog 3 was number − 6 ( Did I say the numbers had to be positive ? ) and was duly dispatched by the princess .
She repeated this for the first 37 frogs , and noted that the highest number she had seen so far was 23.2 ( Did I say they had to be whole numbers ? ) .
She then waited until she saw a frog numbered higher than 23.2 and kissed it .
( Of course the frog numbered 23.2 might have been the prince , and she 'd then have missed him . )
The frog disappeared in a puff of smoke to be replaced by a handsome prince , and they lived happily ever after ( or , if you prefer unhappy endings : the witch rose from the pond laughing as the frog remained unmoved by the princess 's attentions .
Oh dear !
There was a higher numbered frog still to come ) .
The 37 % rule
The princess 's strategy was first to gather some information about the frogs ( she remembered the highest number out of the first 37 ) , and then choose based on this information ( she kissed the frog with the next highest number ) .
If there were a different number of frogs , how many should she kick into the pond before looking for one worth kissing ?
The answer is that she should kick about 37 % of the frogs into the pond .
Why 37 % ?
If you can count and you know that the integral of 1 / x is ln x ( now you know ) , then you should be able to follow the logical argument that leads to this conclusion .
Do n't marry a frog !
If you have n't worked it out by now , I 've been talking about partner choice .
How many people should you date ( and kick back into the pond ) before you decide to settle down , live together and have babies ( kiss the frog ) based on how good a partner you think they 'll make ( the number on their back ) ?
I 've been describing a simple mathematical model for this important , life - changing decision .
If you 've never done any mathematical modelling , here 's how it works :
Find a real world problem .
Try to decide what the important bits of it are .
Translate these into maths .
Forget the real world , and try to understand what the maths tells you .
Compare with the real world .
Choose between : Sitting back and gloating over your new - found insight before telling everyone how clever you are and what interesting new things you 've discovered .
Deciding that your model does n't make sense , or does n't agree well with the real world , then trying to figure out what features of the real world you left out .
Go back to step 3 .
Here 's our example :
Out of a limited choice of people , who should I choose to be my partner ?
Possible partners appear one after the other , I have no idea when or whether someone better will come along , and I want to choose the best possible partner .
The fairy tale is the maths ( honestly ! ) .
The best strategy is to date 37 % of them , and then settle down with the next best one that comes along .
This strategy pairs you up with the best partner 37 % of the time .
This is where it gets interesting .
Does this strategy seem reasonable ?
Is there anything about the real process of partner choice that we have left out ?
We can pass over 6a quickly , as there are so many things missing from our mathematical model that it's hard to know where to begin patching it up !
However , we should briefly pat ourselves on the back , because the idea of dating a few people before settling down seems sensible , even though we might not be entirely convinced that the 37 % rule is what real people either use or should use ( 37 % of how many ?
Good question ! ) .
Now for step 6b .
How attractive is my frog ?
Kissed too soon ?
I 'm told that when men meet women , they sometimes rate each other on a scale of 1 to 10 .
Of course , mathematicians are far too intelligent and sophisticated do this .
We rate people on a scale of 0 to 1 .
In our original mathematical model , all we could do was compare one possible frog with another .
The numbers did n't mean anything in themselves ; they just told the princess whether one frog was " better " than another .
Let 's change the fairytale slightly so that the 100 frogs are now labelled with numbers drawn randomly from those that lie between 0 and 1 , with the handsome prince having the highest number .
What 's the princess 's best strategy now ?
Well , the princess now has much more information to use .
There is a highest and a lowest number ( 0 and 1 ) , and the frogs ' numbers are uniformly , but randomly , distributed between the two .
If the first frog to hop out is numbered , for example , 0.99 , then she knows it 's a top quality frog , and could well be worth a peck on the cheek .
What if the first frog is numbered 0.8 ?
Is that good enough to kiss ?
It turns out that the best strategy is , as anyone aged over 25 knows , to start with high standards , and then lower them as the frogs keep on coming .
We 're meant to be doing some maths here , so by " standards " I mean that for each frog there is a number , called a decision number , below which the princess should n't kiss it ( here 's how to calculate the decision number ) .
If the frog is numbered above the appropriate decision number , and is the best frog so far , she should kiss it .
This strategy nets her the handsome prince a whopping 58 % of the time .
In fact , if the first frog is numbered 0.99 , she should n't kiss it , because the first decision number for 100 frogs is about 0.992 .
She 's more likely to find Mr. Right by holding out for a more attractive frog .
Examples of the three things that can happen are shown below .
The best - looking frog ... but he does n't fancy me .. and I do n't know why not !
A frog 's perspective .
There are lots of other things that we could add to our mathematical model to make it more realistic .
For example , in real life , if you kiss the second best frog , you do n't have to stay in the enchanted forest .
Unless you 're an incurable romantic who thinks that there 's just one perfect person out there for you , you can be very happy with frog number 2 .
Maybe you 're more interested in avoiding a very bad frog .
What 's more important , making sure you bag frog number 1 or avoiding frogs 51 to 100 ?
The strategy you should choose depends upon what you 're trying to achieve .
Now let 's imagine that the princess , who I have so far avoided describing , has a face like a bag of spanners .
When the handsome prince appears , he may take one look at her and run for his life .
Partner choice is a two - way business .
You must choose and be chosen .
If you kiss a frog whose number is too far from yours , disaster is probably just around the corner .
And how do you know what your number is anyway ?
You may think you know , but it 's not what you think that matters .
It 's only by finding out who will agree to date you that you start to get some idea of what your number is .
All of these features can be , and have been , added to mathematical models .
There 's more to life than snogging
One of the great things about maths is that it has so many different uses .
In fact , the same bit of maths can have lots of different applications , and the fairytale of the frog prince is an example of this .
Let me retell the fairytale one last time .
In this version , the princess 's three brothers have been turned into frogs and thrown into the pond .
She still has to find them by kissing them , the frogs are still numbered between 0 and 1 and her brothers have the three largest numbers .
The witch is very generous and allows her to kiss 20 of the frogs .
As long as her brothers get a kiss , all four of them can go home .
If you think this sounds easy , you 'd be right .
In fact , with the right strategy , the chances of a brother missing out on his kiss are tiny .
Again , there are decision numbers , but these are very low to start with , so that the princess 's lips will be kept busy at the start of the parade of frogs .
However , after each of the first two kisses , the decision numbers increase and , after she has kissed three frogs , she kisses any frog numbered in the top three so far .
Do n't marry this .
So what 's that got to do with partner choice ?
I do n't know of anyone who arranges their love life in such a bizarre way .
In fact , this is a mathematical model for a game played between the regulators and the suppliers of electricity in the UK .
Part of the money paid by industrial customers to their electricity supplier is based on their consumption of electricity during the three half hour periods during each year when the total consumption of energy across the whole country is highest .
From the regulator 's point of view , this is meant to encourage industry to cut back its consumption during times when the national grid gets close to its operating capacity .
From the point of view of a large industrial consumer of electricity , they want to know when these half hour periods are , so that they can shut down their factories and save themselves lots of money .
The problem is that nobody knows when these three periods ( called the triads ) are until the year ends and the electricity consumption figures are added up .
Industry is therefore prepared to pay a lot of money to anyone who can accurately predict these triad periods for them ( call the triads ) .
They know that they 'll have to turn off their factories more than just three times to hit the triads reliably , but are n't prepared to do this more than about 20 times per year .
So , here 's the fairytale again .
Predictions of energy consumption appear in sequence ( frogs jump out of the pond ) , we want to make sure we advise our customers to turn off their factories when we think this will be a triad ( the princess must kiss her three brothers ) , but we must n't do this more than 20 times ( the princess can kiss no more than 20 frogs ) .
If energy consumption figures were just random numbers between 0 and 1 , this would be pretty easy , and no one would make any money from predicting triads .
' Kiss me !'
However , and here we 're back at step 6 b of my description of mathematical modelling , there are lots of complications .
I 'll tell you about just two of them .
Firstly , energy consumption figures are basically random numbers , but each number depends to some extent on the number before , in the same way that the weather today is a reasonable predictor of the weather tomorrow .
This means that we need another mathematical model for how these numbers behave , and , back in the real world , we have to predict them .
Secondly , calling a triad affects the numbers that we 're trying to predict .
Say we predict that electricity consumption will be high enough to be a triad period , we call it , and our customers close down their factories .
Electricity consumption is then lower than it would have been ( which is , of course , why the regulators set up the game in this way ) .
There is negative feedback built into the system .
But we may still need to call the triad , because otherwise the factories stay on , electricity consumption is higher , and the princess 's brother stays in the pond forever !
Further reading
The first fairytale is usually known as the secretary problem , and has spawned a vast amount of new mathematics over the last forty years .
Although the solution appeared in a scientific paper in [ 1 ] , there is some controversy over who was actually the first to solve it , [ 2 ] .
The literature on partner selection is very large , and I 'm no expert , but the most entertaining introduction I 've read is given by Todd and Miller in [ 3 ] .
Finally , if you want to learn more about calling triads , you 'll have to read [ 4 ] .
[ 1 ] J.P. Gilbert and F. Mosteller , 1966 , Recognizing the maximum of a sequence , J. Am. Stat . Ass. , 61 , 35-73
[ 2 ] T. S. Ferguson , 1989 , Who solved the secretary problem ?
Statist .
Sci. 4 , 282-289
[ 3 ] P.M. Todd and G.F. Miller , 1999 , From Pride and Prejudice to Persuasion : Satisficing in mate search , in Simple heuristics that make us smart , eds .
G. Gigerenzer , P.M. Todd and the ABC Group , Oxford University Press
[ 4 ] Robert Hunt , Liam Clarke , John Byatt - Smith and John Billingham , 2006 , [ https://www.smithinst.ac.uk/Projects/ESGI56/ESGI56-BritishEnergy/Report]
Forecasting triads :
The negative feedback problem , Study Group Report
About the author
John Billingham is a Professor of Theoretical Mechanics in the School of Mathematical Sciences at the University of Nottingham .
He is married to a beautiful princess who clearly knows nothing about the 37 % rule .
What 's happening at the Jersey Shore ?
Sign up for our Now You Know newsletter
Formula One Racing held its 800th race on Sunday in Singapore , with the Singapore Grand Prix - also the first Formula One race held at night .
Organizers built , then lined a 5 kilometer track with over 1,600 lamps , said to be four times brighter than those used at football stadiums .
Twenty drivers drove 61 laps for a total of 309 kilometers at speeds sometimes approaching 300 kilometers per hour - in a country that once banned the sport , in part for promoting reckless driving .
Driver Fernando Alonso of Renault won the race with a time of 1:57:16.304 .
( 25 photos total
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Democratic Vice Presidential candidate Joe Biden appeared on Countdown last night for the post - debate wrap up and while remaining gracious to Republican rival John McCain ( a characteristic that does n't appear to be shared on the other side of the aisle .
Funny , that ) , pointed out all of McCain 's bluster and bravado is merely to cover up for the fact that he has an indefensible position of sharing the failed George W. Bush policies for the economy and foreign policy .
This is a very difficult ground , in fairness to John , it 's really difficult to defend the terrain that he occupies .
The terrain he occupies is he 's bought on the economic philosophy of George W. Bush and the sort of you know free market , let it run its way , let it be on its own , and now all of the sudden he 's talking about greed on Wall Street .
The same way with his foreign policy .
He went in and thought this was a ... you know , he thought we were going to be over in a short time , that we were going to be greeted and so on and so forth .
John 's judgment - here 's the point - John 's judgment has been fundamentally wrong on the basic , critical , foreign policy and domestic decisions we 've had to make .
It could have been more concise , but what it comes down to is McCain is Bush 's third term .
And no one wants to see that repeated .
Read Steve Fuller 's response to this review .
You can also read a further response from AC Grayling
It is sometimes hard to know whether books that strike one as silly and irresponsible , like Dissent over Descent , the latest book from Steve Fuller , are the product of a desire to strike a pose and appear outrageous ( the John Gray syndrome ) , or really do represent that cancer of the contemporary intellect , post - modernism .
I suppose putatively sincere extrusions of the post - modern sensibility might henceforth deserve to be known as “ the Steve Fuller syndrome ” .
For this offering by the American - born sociologist is a classic case of the absurdity to which that sensibility leads .
There is an added thought .
Fuller claims to be a “ secular humanist ” .
But having been educated by the Jesuits , so he tellingingly informs us , he “ knows how to reconcile the irreconcilable ” .
Indeed !
For at the end of these nearly 300 pages of wasted forest he tells us what science needs in order to justify its continuation ( oh dear , poor science , eh ? ) and what Intelligent Design , a theory he defended before a US Federal Court in the 2005 Dover Trial , needs to “ realise its full potential in the public debate ” – that is : how a theory trying to bend the facts to prove its antecedent conviction that Fred ( or any arbitrary and itself unexplained conscious agency ) designed and created the world and all in it , can attain its full potential in the public debate .
This , note , from a professor at a proper British university .
Well : if this is not proof of the efficacy of Jesuit educational methods , nothing is .
I shall not bore you , or waste my own time , with detailed rebuttals of the argument in the chapters “ Is there a middle ground between creation and evolution ? ” and “ Is Intelligent Design any less scientific than evolution ? ” , because once one has tackled the premises on which this farrago proceeds , that effort is rendered unnecessary .
As follows .
Fuller describes Intelligent Design ( ID ) theory as the project of establishing “ by the usual scientific appeals to reason and evidence ” that the world and life in it were purposefully designed by an intelligent agency competent to the task of creating a universe .
Call this Point 1 .
Fuller claims that ID is “ behind the scientific revolution that has been under way in the West since the 17th century ” because the motivating belief behind scientific enquiry is that “ nature is so constructed ” that it can be understood because – as St Augustine taught us – man is made in the image of God and is therefore capable of understanding the universe .
Call this Point 2 .
Fuller claims that there is no such thing as a “ scientific consensus ” anyway , and that it is false that evolutionary theory is the cumulative result of progress in scientific enquiry .
Call this Point 3 .
Fuller claims that science results from religion , that “ no plausible alternative has yet been offered to justify the pursuit of science as a search for the ultimate systematic understanding of reality ” other than belief in a divine personal creator , and that “ atheism has done precious little for science . ”
Call this Point 4 .
Ah well : Wellington boots on , and into this swamp of BS we go .
On Point 1 : no , ID theory is not a project that proceeds on “ the usual scientific appeals to reason and evidence . ”
It starts from a fixed conclusion , and looks for evidence to support it .
Does it specify what would refute the fixed belief in a designing intelligence that is its starting point ?
Does it tell us what would count as a test of what it has already accepted in advance , before the search for allegedly supportive evidence begins ?
It does not .
Science , by contrast , hypothesises , tests , and gives up hypotheses when the evidence shows them to be incorrect .
There is a whole universe of difference between true science and the effort of ID theorists and creationists to find useful propaganda among the facts and alleged facts to support its prior convictions .
Fuller has written about Popper ; he seems to forget Popper ’s killer point , namely , a theory that explains everything explains nothing .
ID is such a theory ; everything is consistent with it , nothing disproves it .
The idea that there is such a thing as a deity behaves logically as a contradiction does ( unsurprisingly , because the idea is indeed contradictory ) : anything whatever follows from it .
( But presumably this is okay for Fuller because he was educated by Jesuits . )
On Point 2 : from a thousand years before St Augustine , Thales and the Pre-Socratics and Plato and Aristotle and the Stoics and Epicureans were thinking in recognisably scientific and proto- scientific ways about the nature and functioning of the universe , on the assumption that human intelligence is competent to understand the workings of nature , which observation abundantly suggests are regular and ordered – it needs no gods to point out how spring returns after every winter , and the crops grow again as they did before , and so manifestly on .
Not only did people emphatically not have to wait for St Augustine to discover that they could enquire thus , without invoking supernaturalistic beliefs of any sort , but it is indeed a mark of the thought of Thales and his successors that they did not start from such beliefs , but began their thinking from observation and reason .
It was the revival of their independence of thought in the Renaissance and afterwards – the rediscovery of a non-theistic tradition of thought about the world – that represented a resumption of the scientific enterprise that had been crushed by religious dogma for a millennium , and which in the 16th and 17th centuries had a struggle to free itself from religion ’s iron opposition – witness the church ’s denial of Copernican heliocentrism and the trial of Galileo for two related instances .
And the religious are still at it today – the ID theorists are the inheritors of Cardinal Bellarmine in refusing to accept what science discovers , as is the Vatican in its opposition to stem cell research .
Examples are legion .
About the only thing that can explain Fuller ’s effort to re-run the tired argument that modern science is the kindly gift of 16th - century religion ( of the Inquisition , perhaps , in the intervals between killing people who did not believe that e.g. the sun stood still over Jericho ?
) is ignorance .
Now as to Point 3 , about the alleged absence of a “ scientific consensus ” and the “ mistake ” of thinking that evolutionary theory is a success story of cumulative enquiry .
The latter we can pass over briefly .
Let us allow the cumulative confirmation of evolutionary theory to speak for itself , thus leaving Lyell ’s geology , Darwin ’s observations of the finches of the Galapagos , Mendel ’s peas , the combination of genetic theory and understanding of selection both natural and artificial , the fossil record , comparative anatomy and physiology , and a mass of observation , experiment and discovery , to one side ( nothing cumulative and progressive about this , eh ? ) , and just remark that Fuller – as with everything else he tries to discuss in this book – must really do a lot more homework .
The “ consensus ” point requires a bit more attention .
Fuller ’s claim here is the open - a - gap technique ; if scientists disagree about something , if there is no consensus among them , perhaps you can slip an alternative – a god or two ?
a bit of putative intelligent design ?
– into the gap .
But Fuller really is in a muddle here .
He says there is no scientific consensus ( in general ?
or only on a case - by - case basis in regard to some cutting - edge , currently researched problem ? ) but nevertheless that there is a “ scientific orthodoxy ” which , if you do not sign up to it , excludes you from access to its structures – presumably , to jobs and funding in science .
Well : scientists tend to be clever people so I suppose they are capable of managing to have an orthodoxy without a consensus , though to me that sounds like a contradiction .
But let ’s accept it momentarily .
Is the universal agreement among scientists about the periodic table , the predictive power of quantum theory , the methods of testing efficacy of pharmaceutical compounds , and so on for a million such things , a mark of “ orthodoxy ” but not a fundamental “ consensus ” about basics , methods and the like ?
Or might it just be the case that the foundations of science are very secure , universally accepted , and the basis on which open questions , research and debate proceed , and in the light of which they make sense ?
No doubt ID types like to characterise the existence of as yet unsolved problems and the way research opens new questions for examination as “ evidence ” that science is in some sort of disarray and in need of appeal to deities to sort it out ( scientists debate , they research , they sometimes disagree – so there must be a god ! ) .
But here is where Fuller is again in danger of going down his own plughole .
If science is impugnable in the way that Fuller alleges , then his describing “ ID science ” as proper science – without consensus !
with a constraining orthodoxy !
– is likewise impugnable .
Can he have it both ways ?
Well : he was educated by the Jesuits , remember .
As to point 4 : let us not forget that for a person to acknowledge that he or she was non-religious at any point before the 19th century in Europe or the Americas was at least to invite social exclusion , at worst to invite death .
So everyone “ was religious ” .
The education , such as it was , for most people was religious education ; children learned to read by reciting by rote from the Bible as the children in Pakistan ’s madrassas today learn the Koran ’s suras by rote .
Even we atheists say things like “ for god ’s sake ! ” and “ oh hell ! ” .
So when any historically derived idea not actually part of the dogma or scriptures of some religion is described as a “ religious ” idea it might as informatively be described as a “ human idea ” or “ a social idea ” .
In a chapter subtitle Fuller writes “ Consensus : The Extension of a Religious Idea to Science ” .
You see the technique : how easy it is to ascribe everything to a source in religion , because religion was historically the social element as water is the element in which fish live .
Attributing anything other than specific doctrine to “ religion ” is therefore vacuous .
This , though , is another mark of ignorance and historical short - sightedness on Fuller ’s part .
As the dominant religion of Europe and the world it conquered , Christianity imported massive dollops of Greek philosophy to supply the deficiencies in its ethics and metaphysics , starting with the importation of Neoplatonism some centuries after the lifetime of Jesus , when it was clear that the End of the World had been postponed , and reaching high tide in the late medieval period with the patching of Aristotle into theology effected by Aquinas and some of the Schoolmen .
Many of the ideas that are often attributed to a religious source in the modern period are therefore secular , non-theistic borrowings from the Greeks , bluetacked on to the incoherencies of faith , and rescued from that affiliation by the resumption of rational enquiry in the scientific revolution .
And what has atheism done for science ?
Well , let ’s see : it removed the risk of scientists being burned at the stake for controverting the divinely revealed truth that “ the lord hath laid the foundations of the earth so that it shall not be moved for ever ” ( Psalm 104 , beloved of Bellarmine in his efforts to shut up the astronomers and philosophers of the era of Descartes ) .
It removed the necessity of having to distort observations , facts , experimental results and observations to fit an antecedent doctrine as far from what observation and experiment revealed as one could possibly get .
( Think about seeing the moons of Jupiter through a telescope in an age when the earth was – by order !
– at the centre of the universe and man and his man-made religion was the most important thing in it , with the Pope and the Office of the Inquisition daring you to think otherwise . )
In short , it liberated the mind and enquiries of mankind .
Decreasing religious hegemony and rapidly increasing scientific and technological knowledge have gone pari passu during the last four centuries , in mutually reinforcing tandem : the less religion , the more science ; the more science , the less religion .
And this is a universal phenomenon ( see the Pew polls on the decline of religion , even in the USA ) .
Here I have commented only on some of the premises of Fuller ’s book .
The demerits of ID theory itself – so woeful as to be funny : in this world of ours , with so much failed experiment of life , so much repetition and haphazard variety of endeavour to meet the challenge of passing on genes , to claim the existence and activity of a supernatural designer would be a sort of blasphemy on the latter , if it existed – are well enough known not to require the wasted effort of iteration ; nor does the overwhelming security of evolutionary theory in biology require defence .
In the interests of our forests , therefore , I stop here , save to bemoan the fact that Fuller has produced not merely an irresponsible but a bad book , whose one saving grace is that , by default , it drives another nail in the ID coffin .
[ An earlier version of this article misidentified Psalm 104 as Psalm 102 .
This has been corrected ]
Read Steve Fuller 's response to Grayling 's review , followed by Grayling 's response to Fuller .
Comment on this article
MARGINS OF ERROR IN OPINION POLLS
Note : Margins of error are discussed in a more accessible way in my 2005 book Struck by Lightning : The Curious World of Probabilities .
See also an UPDATED VERSION OF THIS ARTICLE ( August 2018 ) .
Suppose you flip a coin ten thousand times .
How many heads will you get ?
On each flip , the coin has equal probability of coming up heads or tails .
So , on AVERAGE , you will get five thousand heads and five thousand tails .
On the other hand , it does n't seem likely that you will get EXACTLY five thousand heads -- rather , you will get " about " five thousand heads .
But how much UNCERTAINTY is there around that mean value ?
That is , how far off from five thousand can we expect it to be ?
Might you get six thousand heads ?
Seven thousand ?
Or will you usually get between 4995 and 5005 ?
Meanwhile , we are constantly bombarded by the results of opinion polls .
For example , in October , 2002 , the polling firm Environics did a poll of political preferences in the Province of Ontario .
They surveyed four hundred adult residents , and reported what fraction would support each of several political parties if there were a provincial election .
They then boldly proclaimed that " The margin of error for a sample of 400 is approximately plus or minus five percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
In another poll they surveyed one thousand adults , and declared that their results were " estimated to be accurate within 3.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
Similar claims are made all the time .
What in the world do they mean ?
And , how can the polling firms be so sure ?
It turns out that these two questions , about coins and polls , are pretty much the same question .
And they both involve the same three concepts : the mean ( or average value ) , the standard deviation ( the amount of uncertainty ) , and the normal distribution ( or bell - shaped curve ) .
MEAN AND STANDARD DEVIATION
First consider flipping just one coin .
Half the time it will come up heads , and half the time tails .
Thus , on average you will get one - half of one head .
Of course , in actuality you will never get one - half of a head -- you will get either zero or one heads .
But still , the AVERAGE number of heads you will get is one - half .
We express this mathematically by saying that , if you flip a coin , then the " mean " number of heads is one - half .
Now , when you flip that coin , you will always be off from the mean ( one - half ) by exactly one - half ( since zero heads is off from one - half by one - half , and one head is also off from one - half by one - half ) .
So if you flip one coin , the number of heads will differ from its mean by one - half .
Mathematically , the amount you tend to be off from the mean is called the " standard deviation " .
So , if you flip one coin , then the mean number of heads is one - half , and the standard deviation of the number of heads is also one - half .
That is , on average you will get one - half of one head , but on average you will also be off from this amount by one - half .
The question now is , suppose you flip ten thousand coins .
What will be the mean ( average value ) and the standard deviation ( amount you tend to be off from the average value ) of the number of heads then ?
Well , the mean is easy .
We already know that on average you will get five thousand heads .
Put another way , the mean is equal to the mean for one coin ( i.e. , one - half ) , multiplied by the total number of coins ( ten thousand ) .
That is :
mean = ( 1/2 ) x ( 10,000 ) = 5,000
It turns out that the standard deviation increases by multiplying by only the SQUARE - ROOT of the number of coins .
( Remember that the square - root of 4 is 2 , since 2 x 2 = 4 ; the square - root of 9 is 3 , since 3 x 3 = 9 ; the square - root of 100 is 10 , since 10 x 10 = 100 ; and the square - root of ten thousand is one hundred , since 100 x 100 = 10,000 .
In general , the square - root of a number is the quantity that , when multiplied by itself , equals the number . )
This is the key fact to understanding uncertainties .
Namely , if you do any repeated experiment ( like flipping coins ) many times , then the amount of uncertainty is multiplied by only the square - root of the number of experiments performed .
How can we make use of this fact ?
Well , we know that if you flip one coin , the mean number of heads is 1/2 , and the standard deviation is also 1/ 2 .
So , if you flip four coins , then the mean number of heads is 1 / 2 times 4 , which equals 2 ( of course ) ; but the standard deviation is just 1/2 times the SQUARE - ROOT of 4 , which equals 1 / 2 times 2 , which is 1 .
That is , if you flip four coins , then on average you will get two heads , but you will tend to be off from this average value by about 1 in either direction -- that is , you might get one or three heads instead .
( Of course , you MIGHT get zero or four heads as well , and be off by 2 .
Or , you might get exactly two heads , and not be off at all .
But ON AVERAGE you will be off from two heads by about 1 in either direction . )
Now that we understand this principle , we can extend it to any number of coins .
If you flip one hundred coins , the mean number of heads is 1 /2 times 100 , which is 50 ; and the standard deviation is 1 / 2 times the square - root of 100 , which is 1/2 times 10 , i.e. 5 , so on average you will be off from the mean value of 50 by about 5 heads either way .
Finally , if you flip ten thousand coins , then the mean number of heads is 1/2 times 10,000 , which equals 5,000 ; and the standard deviation is 1 /2 times the square - root of 10,000 , which is 1/2 times 100 , i.e. 50 .
That is :
standard deviation = ( 1/2 ) x SquareRoot ( 10,000 ) = ( 1/2 ) x 100 = 50
Notice that as you flip more and more coins , the amount you tend to be " off " from the mean value increases , but quite slowly , so that even after 10,000 coin flips , you tend to be " off " from the mean value ( 5,000 ) by just 50 .
The rest of the uncertainty from those ten thousand individual coin flips has canceled out , with the extra heads balancing off the extra tails until just a relatively small amount of uncertainty remains .
So , now that we know about the mean and standard deviation , how can we figure out the margins of error used by polling firms ?
To understand that better , we need to examine the bell - shaped curve .
THE BELL - SHAPED CURVE ( NORMAL DISTRIBUTION )
You may have seen the famous bell - shaped curve at one time or another .
It is a beautiful graph , higher in the middle , and drifting down in a lovely arc on either side .
It turns out that this elegant curve is closely related to flipping lots of coins -- and to conducting an opinion poll of lots of residents .
The connection is given by what mathematicians call the " Central Limit Theorem " .
This remarkable theorem was first discovered by the French mathematician Abraham de Moivre way back in 1733 , and was refined over the following century by his compatriot Pierre - Simon Laplace and by the German mathematical legend Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss .
( In fact , the theorem is so important that generalisations and extensions of it still form an active area of mathematical research even today . )
The Central Limit Theorem says that , if you repeat a bunch of random actions ( like flipping lots of coins ) , and add up the outcomes ( like counting the total number of heads ) , then the resulting probabilities will follow the bell - shaped curve ( also called the " normal distribution " ) .
Specifically , the probability that the result will be within one standard deviation of its mean value , is equal to the area under the bell - shaped curve between - 1 and +1 .
Similarly , the probability that the result will be within three standard deviations of its mean value , is equal to the area under the bell - shaped curve between - 3 and +3 .
And so on .
What this means is as follows .
Suppose you you flip ten thousand coins , and wonder what is the probability that the actual number of heads will be within one standard deviation ( i.e. fifty ) , either way , of its mean value ( five thousand ) .
That is , what is the probability that you will get between 4950 and 5050 heads ?
The answer is that this probability is equal to the area under the bell - shaped curve between - 1 and +1 .
We can measure that this area is about 0.68 , i.e. 68 % .
In other words , the number of heads will be between 4950 and 5050 about 68 % of the time .
So , if you repeat this experiment one hundred times -- each time flipping ten thousand coins and counting the number of heads -- then in about sixty - eight of the one hundred experiments , the number of heads will be between 4950 and 5050 , while in the other thirty - two experiments the number of heads will be either less than 4950 , or more than 5050 .
If we wanted to announce this , we might say : " If you flip ten thousand coins , then 68 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be between 4950 and 5050 . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then 68 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within 50 ( either way ) of five thousand . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then the number of heads will be within 50 of its true mean , 68 times out of 100 . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then the margin of error is plus or minus 50 , 68 times out of 100 . "
These statements are all true , and all mean the same thing .
Similarly , in this case THREE standard deviations is equal to three times fifty , or 150 .
And being within 150 of its mean corresponds to getting between 4850 and 5150 heads .
So , the probability of this is equal to the area under the bell - shaped curve between - 3 and +3 .
We can measure that this area is about 0.997 , i.e. 99.7 % , which corresponds to 997 times in a thousand .
So , it is a virtual certainty ( happening 99.7 % of the time ) that the number of heads will be within 4850 and 5150 .
Now , we might think that " 68 times out of 100 " is not often enough to give us a sufficient sense of certainty .
We might equally well think that " 997 times out of a thousand " is too often , and gives us more certainty than we will ever need .
So how should we compromise ?
In fact , it is a tradition in statistics to find a range which will contain the number of heads 95 times out of 100 , i.e. 95 % of the time -- which is the same as " 19 times out of 20 " .
How can we find such a range ?
Well , let 's look again at the bell - shaped curve .
As we take wider and wider ranges , we get more and more of the probability .
In fact , we can measure that the area under the curve between - 1.96 and +1.96 is equal to just exactly 0.95 , corresponding to just exactly 95 % , i.e. 95 times out of 100 , i.e. 19 times out of 20 .
This says that , 95 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be off from the mean by less than 1.96 times the standard deviation .
Now , if we flip ten thousand coins , then the standard deviation is 50 .
And , 1.96 times 50 equals 98 .
So , we should consider the probability that the number of heads will be within 1.96 times 50 of its mean , i.e. within 98 of its mean , i.e. between 4902 and 5098 .
According to the bell - shaped curve , this probability is equal to 0.95 , i.e. about 95 % , which equals 19 times in 20 .
So , if you again repeat this experiment one hundred times -- each time flipping ten thousand coins and counting the number of heads -- then in about ninety - five of the one hundred experiments , the number of heads will be between 4902 and 5098 , while in the other five experiments the number of heads will be either less than 4902 , or more than 5098 .
Alternatively , if you repeated this experiment just twenty times -- again , each time flipping ten thousand coins and counting the number of heads -- then in about nineteen of the twenty experiments , the number of heads would be between 4902 and 5098 , while in the other one experiment the number of heads would be either less than 4902 , or more than 5098 .
We could announce this by saying : " If you flip ten thousand coins , then 95 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within 98 of five thousand . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then the margin of error is plus or minus 98 , 95 times out of 100 . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then the margin of error is plus or minus 98 , 19 times out of 20 . "
Again , these statements are all true , and all mean the same thing .
What if we wanted even greater certainty , say 99 times out of 100 ?
Once again we look at the bell - shaped curve .
We can measure that the area under the curve between - 2.57 and +2.57 is equal to 0.99 , i.e. to 99 % , i.e. to 99 times out of 100 .
So , we are interested in 2.57 times the standard deviation , i.e. 2.57 times 50 .
Now , 2.57 times 50 equals 128.5 ; call it 128 ( since we can never have .5 of a head anyway ) .
So , we should consider the probability that the number of heads will be within 2.57 times 50 of its mean , i.e. within 128 of its mean , i.e. between 4872 and 5128 .
According to the bell - shaped curve , this probability is equal to 0.99 , i.e. 99 % .
So , if you again repeat this experiment one hundred times -- each time flipping ten thousand coins and counting the number of heads -- then in about ninety - nine of the one hundred experiments , the number of heads will be between 4872 and 5128 , while in the other one experiment the number of heads will be either less than 4872 , or more than 5128 .
We could announce this by saying : " If you flip ten thousand coins , then 99 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within 128 of five thousand . "
Or , " If you flip ten thousand coins , then the margin of error is plus or minus 128 , 99 times out of 100 . "
So , we see that if you flip ten thousand coins , then 99 times out of 100 , you will be within 128 of the mean , i.e. you will get no more than 5128 heads .
In fact , your chance of getting more than , say , six thousand heads is unfathomably small -- about one chance in the ( huge ) number written as a one followed by eighty - nine zeroes !
So , you will never in your lifetime get as many as six thousand or more heads out of ten thousand .
The mean number will be five thousand , and there just is n't enough uncertainty to ever increase the head count as high as six thousand .
In real life , real coins just do n't come up heads that often .
POLLING : WHO WILL WIN THE ELECTION ?
We now return , finally , to polling , and the claim that " The margin of error for a sample of 400 is approximately plus or minus five percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
We are now , finally , in a position to understand this claim .
Let us first understand what the claim does NOT mean .
The polling firm is NOT claiming that , 19 times out of 20 , they will predict the results of the next election with the specified accuracy .
Such a claim would require a precise understanding of how political opinions change between the poll date and the election date ; the extent to which citizens will say one thing to pollsters and then vote differently ; the future actions of the " undecided " voters and those who did not respond to the survey ; which citizens will or will not bother to vote ; and a host of other intangible factors .
Pundits and analysts do in fact work overtime trying to understand these factors , and statistical modeling can indeed be used to try to estimate them .
But such issues are very complicated and subtle , and polling firms do not routinely make claims about their precise predictive powers in these areas .
No , what the polling firm is claiming is something far more mundane .
They are claiming that the probability is about 19 out of 20 that their poll has uncovered the " right " answer , to within the specified accuracy .
That is , if they immediately repeated the same experiment -- i.e. surveying four hundred residents ' political preferences -- twenty different times , then about nineteen of those times , they would get the " right " answer to within the specified accuracy .
But here the " right " answer means simply the fraction of all the adult residents throughout the province , who would claim support for a particular political party , when phoned by a pollster at that particular time .
In other words , the polling firm 's claim provides reassurances that the polling firm has done its job , and that they have sampled enough residents that the poll results have a certain meaning , but only in so far as determining what the general population currently feels like telling pesky pollsters on the phone .
With this clarification out of the way , we can now ask , where does a figure like " plus or minus five percentage points " come from ?
How does the polling firm compute their claimed accuracy ?
The key to answering this is to observe that polling random residents is much like flipping coins .
In each case , you are repeatedly conducting a random experiment ( flipping a coin , or polling a resident ) , and counting the number of times you get a specified result ( i.e. a head , or professed support for a particular political party ) .
So , we can use our knowledge of uncertainty in coin flipping , to understand the uncertainty in a political poll .
When flipping four hundred coins , the mean number of heads is two hundred ( of course ) .
Also , the standard deviation is equal to one - half times the square - root of 400 , i.e. one - half times 20 , which equals ten .
What about when polling four hundred residents ?
Well , in this case the mean is the average number of residents , in a random sample of four hundred people from the province , who support the particular political party .
This is , in fact , precisely what the polling firm is trying to figure out !
So , in this case we do not know what the mean is at all .
It is not equal to two hundred ( like for coins ) , but rather is some unknown value .
On the other hand , the standard deviation is just the same as when flipping four hundred coins , since each poll response introduces randomness just as each coin flip does .
So , the standard deviation is still equal to ten !
Even though we no longer know the mean , we still know the standard deviation .
( In fact , it can be argued that the standard deviation is actually a bit LESS than ten , especially for political parties whose support is in fact quite small .
But it is never MORE than ten , so we can use the figure of ten without worry -- and in fact this is what polling firms usually do . )
Now , for flipping four hundred coins , since the standard deviation is ten , we know that 68 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within ten of the true mean .
Also , 1.96 times the standard deviation equals 1.96 times ten , or 19.6 .
So , 95 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within 19 of the mean .
Finally , 2.57 times the standard deviation equals 2.57 times ten , or 25.7 .
So , 99 times out of 100 , the number of heads will be within 25 of the mean .
The remarkable thing is , these facts are still true when polling four hundred residents !
The mean is now different ( and unknown ) , but the probabilities are still the SAME for how far OFF from the mean we will be .
So , if you survey four hundred residents , then 68 times out of 100 , the number claiming support for a particular political party will be within ten of the true mean ;
And , 95 times out of 100 , it will be within 19 of the mean .
And , 99 times out of 100 , it will be within 25 of the mean .
But the polling firm does n't report the NUMBER of adults in their survey who supported each party , they report the FRACTION .
That is , they divide the number supporting each party , by four hundred ( the total number of adults surveyed ) .
So , if the number is within 10 of the true mean , then the FRACTION is within 10 divided by 400 of the FRACTION'S true mean ( i.e. , of the fraction of the general population supporting that political party ) .
But 10 divided by 400 equals 10/400 , or 0.025 , or 2.5 % .
So , 68 times out of 100 , the FRACTION of residents claiming to support a particular party will be within 2.5 % of the true fraction of the general population claiming support for that that party .
Hence , if we surveyed four hundred adults , and announced the fraction of our survey sample supporting each political party , then we could announce that , " 68 times out of 100 , our results will be accurate to within 2.5 % of the true value " .
Or even , " The margin of error of our results is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points , 68 times out of 100 . "
Similarly , we know that 95 times out of 100 , the number of surveyed residents supporting a particular party will be within 19 of the true number , meaning that the fraction will be within 19/400 , or 4.75 % , of the fraction 's true mean .
Hence , we could also announce that , " 95 times out of 100 , our results will be accurate to within 4.75 % of the true value " .
Or , " 19 times out of 20 , our results will be accurate to within 4.75 % of the true value " , which is the same thing .
Or even , " The margin of error of our results is plus or minus 4.75 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
Or to avoid the extra decimal places , we could say , " The margin of error of our results is approximately plus or minus five percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
Now we sound just like the polling firm !
What about the other poll , which surveyed one thousand residents ?
Well , in this case the standard deviation ( of the number of replies for each political party ) is equal to one - half times the square - root of one thousand .
The square - root of one thousand is about 31.6 , so the standard deviation is one - half times 31.6 , which equals 15.8 .
So , when surveying one thousand adults and counting the number who support some particular political party , then 68 times out of 100 the number will be within 15 of the true mean .
Also , 1.96 times the standard deviation is 1.96 times 15.8 , which is about 31 .
So , 95 times out of 100 the number will be within 31 of the true mean .
Finally , 2.57 times the standard deviation equals 2.57 times 15.8 , which is about 41 .
So , 99 times out of 100 the number will be within 41 of the true mean .
This gives the probabilities for how far off will be the NUMBER of residents supporting each party .
To consider the FRACTION of residents supporting each party , we have to divide by the total number of residents surveyed , in this case one thousand .
Now , 15.8 divided by one thousand equals about 1.6 % , while 31 divided by one thousand equals about 3.1 % , and 41 divided by one thousand equals about 4.1 % .
So , for this poll , we could announce that " 68 times out of 100 , our results will be accurate to within 1.6 % of the true value " .
Or , " 95 times out of 100 , our results will be accurate to within 3.1 % of the true value " .
Or , " 99 times out of 100 , our results will be accurate to within 4.1 % of the true value " .
Or , " our margin of error is 3.1 % , 95 times out of 100 " .
Or , " our margin of error is 3.1 % , 19 times out of 20 " .
Or , as the polling firm puts it , our results are " estimated to be accurate within 3.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 . "
Other polls can be handled similarly .
Indeed , the next time you read a poll , you can figure out the margin of error for yourself !
Note that if you survey MORE people ( say , one thousand instead of four hundred ) , then the margin of error for the fraction of people supporting various political parties gets SMALLER ( in this case , 3.1 % instead of 4.75 % ) .
This is not surprising .
It says essentially that the more people you ask , the more you know .
In fact , this observation is what mathematicians call the " Law of Large Numbers " .
Namely , the more times you try an experiment -- like flipping coins or polling residents -- the closer your fractions get to their true mean values .
Once we understand mean , standard deviation , and the bell - shaped curve , we can now quantify many different types of uncertainty and margin of error in mathematical terms .
Whether flipping coins or conducting polls , we know what the average value will be , and how far off from that average value we will usually be .
Such information is crucial for determining the accuracy of polls , the reliability of medicines , the risks of stock purchases , and many other uncertainties which confront us on a daily basis .
Note added later :
This model for polling assumes that the people selected for the poll are chosen uniformly at random from the entire population , with replacement ( i.e. , the model allows for the possibility that the same individual would be chosen twice in the same poll ) .
Of course , in a real poll one does n't ask the same person twice ( or at least tries not to ) .
So , one difference between this model and a real poll is whether the sampling of the population is done with or without replacement .
When the number of people polled is much smaller than the full population ( the usual case ) , this difference is unimportant .
But hypothetically , if nearly the entire population were polled , then this difference would become important .
We are living in interesting times ; in fact , they 're so interesting that it is not currently possible to write near - future SF .
I do n't believe this is an over - generalization .
It takes time — weeks at a minimum , more usually months — for even a short story to work its way from your desktop to a magazine or a website .
Novels are far worse , for book publishers run a production cycle that expects a novel to take roughly a year from acceptance to publication ; if you then front - load it with the time it took the author to write the thing in the first place , and yet more time for their agent to haggle over the initial book proposal with their editor , it can take three years for a writer 's idea to find its way onto the bookshelves .
Pity the authors responsible for the rash of cold war novels that came out in 1990 - 91 — novels in which a strong USSR typically reasserted its rivalry with a weak and fractured west by invading through the Fulda gap / building a Dr Evil grade super - weapon / hijacking a space shuttle / otherwise engaging in ideological chest - beating of a kind that had become forever impossible months before these obsolete futures landed on the bookstore shelves .
It was n't their fault ; these books had been commissioned years earlier , in the 1980s , in the backwash of late period Reaganism , the Evil Empire , and the futurist fantasies of Star Wars and ballistic missile defense ( which I will note still have n't delivered much more than the ability to plink at short - range theatre missiles like the long - obsolescent Scud - B ) .
None of them were paying attention to the real picture .
As Yegor Gaidar explains it , the collapse of the USSR was down to a series of catastrophic grain harvests and the decision by Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani to open the stop - cocks on the Saudi oil wells .
Hamstrung by heavy military spending and unrealistic foreign policy commitments , the USSR needed foreign exchange in order to buy grain and food to feed its people : it had become overly reliant on oil and gas exports , the " Spanish curse " of being resource - rich but poor in the means of production and over - extended abroad .
The system badly needed reform , but as Gaidar put it :
Unable to realize any of the above solutions , the Soviet leadership decided to adopt a policy of effectively disregarding the problem in hopes that it would somehow wither away .
Instead of implementing actual reforms , the Soviet Union started to borrow money from abroad while its international credit rating was still strong .
It borrowed heavily from 1985 to 1988 , but in 1989 the Soviet economy stalled completely .
Does this remind you of anyone ?
( If not : substitute " American " for " Soviet " and move the goal posts forward a decade or two ...)
The US government is currently hemorrhaging over 600 Bn a year on military and security spending , against a domestic budget around the $ 350 Bn mark .
It 's uniquely credit - worthy because of the dollar 's status as a de facto planetary reserve currency , and because when you get down to it , the USA is still one of the most productive nations , with around 25 - 30 % of planetary GDP and only 5 % of planetary population .
But the US government has been spending money faster than its economy could earn it , while the hollowing - out of its financial infrastructure continued , and we 're now seeing the biggest financial crisis since 1929 .
Even in August , about 9 % of all mortgages in the USA were in arrears or in default , and that 's before the latest round of ARM resets .
It 's the collapse of a gigantic credit bubble , and it's hard to see where the US government is going to turn for the money it needs to keep those overseas military commitments going .
As John Gray put it in The Guardian
Outside the US , most people have long accepted that the development of new economies that goes with globalisation will undermine America 's central position in the world .
They imagined that this would be a change in America 's comparative standing , taking place incrementally over several decades or generations .
Today , that looks an increasingly unrealistic assumption .
I suspect he 's been reading Kennedy too ( The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers WikiPedia digest , for the impatient ) .
Normally empires decline slowly ; it took nearly half a century for the British empire to descend from planetary hegemony to the edge of bankruptcy in 1945 , for example .
The USSR took a decade from the first serious worries about its balance of trade to the final abortive Putsch and Gorbachev 's resignation .
But the US Empire has developed a uniquely unstable financial system over the past two or three decades , and we may be witnessing a catastrophic collapse .
( I hope not ; this sort of event is deeply uncomfortable and unpleasant to live through , even when it does n't coincide with major environmental crises , a power vacuum , and a disciplined cadre of apocalypse - obsessed religious fanatics waiting in the wings to seize power if they can . )
But anyway : that 's a depressing prospect to contemplate ( not least because , as an SF writer , I earn more than 50 % of my income in US dollars : I really do n't want to see a dollar collapse ! ) .
So let me retreat hastily back to the praxis of Science Fiction .
In 2005 - 06 , I wrote a novel titled " Halting State " .
It 's set circa 2017 - 18 , in a future independent Scotland , and I knew going into the project that it would look horribly quaint only five or six years after publication .
I 'm no longer sure about the independent Scotland ( paradoxically , largely because of the way the Scottish National Party — currently the Scottish government — is running things ) , but I 'm having a quiet gloat over the Amazon.com reviewers who marked the book down for having the temerity to suggest that in 2017 - 18 , the United States would n't be the sole planetary hegemonic power , but would be having major headaches rebuilding itself after an economic / infrastructure crisis .
However , next year I 'm supposed to write something approximating a sequel to " Halting State " , set circa 2022 - 23 , and right now I 'm just glad that I do n't have to start writing for another six months .
Put yourself in the shoes of an SF author trying to construct an accurate ( or at least believable ) scenario for the USA in 2019 .
Imagine you are constructing your future - USA in 2006 , then again in 2007 , and finally now , with talk of $ 700 Bn bailouts and nationalization of banks in the background .
Each of those projections is going to come out looking different .
Back in 2006 the sub - prime crisis was n't even on the horizon but the big scandal was FEMA 's response ( or lack thereof ) to Hurricane Katrina .
In 2007 , the sub - prime ARM bubble began to burst and the markets were beginning to turn bearish .
( Oh , and it looked as if the 2008 presidential election would probably be down to a fight between Hilary Clinton and Rudy Giuliani . )
Now , in late 2008 the fiscal sky is falling ; things may not end as badly as they did for the USSR , but it 's definitely an epochal , historic crisis .
Now extend the thought - experiment back to 1996 and 1986 .
Your future - USA in the 1986 scenario almost certainly faced a strong USSR in 2019 , because the idea that a 70 year old Adversary could fall apart in a matter of months , like a paper tiger left out in a rain storm , simply boggles the mind .
It 's preposterous ; it does n't fit with our outlook on the way history works .
( And besides , we SF writers are lazy and we find it convenient to rely on clichés — for example , good guys in white hats facing off against bad guys in black hats .
Which is silly — in their own head , nobody is a bad guy — but it makes life easy for lazy writers . )
The future - USA you dreamed up in 1996 probably had the internet ( it had been around in 1986 , in embryonic form , the stomping ground of academics and computer industry specialists , but few SF writers had even heard of it , much less used it ) and no cold war ; it would in many ways be more accurate than the future - USA predicted in 1986 .
But would it have a monumental fiscal collapse , on the same scale as 1929 ?
Would it have Taikonauts space - walking overhead while the chairman of the Federal Reserve is on his knees ?
Would it have more mobile phones than people , a revenant remilitarized Russia , and global warming ?
There 's a graph I 'd love to plot , but I do n't have the tools for .
The X - axis would plot years since , say , 1950 .
The Y - axis would be a scatter plot with error bars showing the deviation from observed outcomes of a series of rolling ten - year projections modeling the near future .
Think of it as a meta - analysis of the accuracy of projections spanning a fixed period , to determine whether the future is becoming easier or harder to get right .
I 'm pretty sure that the error bars grow over time , so that the closer to our present you get , the wider the deviation from the projected future would be .
Right now the error bars are gigantic .
I am currently guardedly optimistic that the USA will still exist as a political entity in 2023 , and that the EU ( possibly under a different name ; certainly with a different political infrastructure ) will do so as well .
But in planning the background for that novel set in 2023 , I can't rely on the simple assumption that the USA and the EU still exist .
We 're living through interesting times ; I just hope ( purely selfishly , wearing my SF author cap , you understand ) the earthquake is over bar the aftershocks by next March , or I 'm going to have to go back to my editor and suggest she markets the new novel as fantasy .
Pierre Pean has previously written books about French politics A prominent French writer , Pierre Pean , is on trial in Paris accused of inciting racial hatred in a book on the Rwandan genocide .
Mr Pean wrote that the Tutsis had a culture of lies and deceit , and this had somehow spread to the Hutus .
He said it made investigating Rwanda " an almost impossible task " .
Some 800,000 Rwandan Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered in 1994 .
A French rights group , SOS Racisme , filed the lawsuit against Mr Pean .
The case against him is backed by the public prosecutor .
It centres on four pages in Mr Pean 's book Noires Fureurs , Blancs Menteurs ( Black furies , white liars ) , published in 2005 .
In remarks broadcast on French radio on Wednesday , Mr Pean said he " wrote a book on lies , misinformation , which were , I believe , conducted through extremely elaborate methods , whereby a dictatorial regime wanted people to believe in lies " .
An investigative journalist , Mr Pean wrote a bestseller about former French President Francois Mitterrand , among other works .
France - Rwanda tensions Historians , other experts and politicians , including former foreign minister Hubert Vedrine , are due to testify this week .
The verdict is expected at a later date .
Hutu militias carried out mass slaughter in just 100 days SOS Racisme president Dominique Sopo said that " when you are aware what cliches can trigger in terms of killings , racism and confrontation , especially in that country , it seems to me that this particular issue greatly disturbs those who went through such drama and who prefer not to go through it again " .
France has consistently denied any responsibility for the genocide , rejecting claims by the Rwandan government that French officials played an active role in it .
An independent Rwandan commission said France had been aware of preparations for the genocide and helped train the ethnic Hutu militia .
The two countries have had a frosty relationship since 2006 , when a French judge implicated Rwandan President Paul Kagame in the downing in 1994 of then - President Juvenal Habyarimana 's plane - an event widely seen as triggering the killings .
President Kagame has always denied the charge .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
If you 'll recall , the evolution of homebrew on the Wii started out quite similar to this .
First comes the Hello World proof of concept , then comes Pong .
It would just be wrong to unfold otherwise , right ?
Dragula96 , the same guru who whipped up the original homebrew hack , has now introduced 2 Player Pong 1.0 -- the first notable game to take advantage of the Java devkit ( at least , that 's how it looks from here ) .
Currently , the collisions are " very basic " and further tweaks are necessary before it 's perfect , but it should be stable enough to take you to some sort of blissful state for now .
Are you an elitist ?
/ 18 revealing ways to know for sure
1 . You do n't talk like a normal person .
Only normal people talk like normal people .
Sarah " no questions please , I 'm Alaskan " Palin , according to House Minority leader John Boehner , she talks like a normal person ... if by " normal " you mean " chillingly antagonistic toward anything resembling progress or political insight or women 's civil liberties . "
2. According to the GOP , lower - middle - class voters with minimal educations really like it when people who think they can run the most powerful nation on the planet and steer massive military juggernauts and immense economies and affect the destinies of millions , do n't actually speak like they have any idea how the hell to do it .
Honey , if the Bush years proved anything , it 's that the dumber you sound , the more effective you are at leading the country .
Into the sewer .
Did you know this already ?
Typical elitist .
3 . You are on a first - name basis with the sushi chef at Whole Foods .
4 . You have been to Whole Foods .
5 . Look at you , Mr. Fancypants , with your snobbish notion that not every piece of furniture in your bedroom must look like it came from the same 1978 Levitz fire sale .
6 . The impressive dimensions of the strap - on system in your dresser would make your average Alaskan redneck hockey player scream in horror even as it openly titillated a dozen Republican senators from Colorado Springs to Idaho , though it would probably still get you arrested in Alabama .
7 . You know what a strap - on is .
In a good way .
8. Barack Obama 's oratory power , strength of character , and subtle understanding of complicated issues have actually served to dissolve a venerable portion of the acidic pessimism that 's been eating into your very soul for eight solid years , causing you to actually begin to believe that maybe , just maybe , nuanced intellectual acumen and the nearly bankrupt American experiment do not necessarily have to be mutually exclusive .
Only elitist snobs know what " venerable " means .
Or " acumen . "
Or " you . "
9 . When selecting an effective inebriant with which to numb if not completely drown the searing oatmealy dread that rumbles deep in your core after eight years of Bush and which has now been harshly rekindled by the offensive McPalin nightmare , you skip right past the beer and even the wine and go straight for the absinthe .
10 .
You arrive at a dinner party at the home of a friend - of - a- friend whom you do n't know very well .
What 's the first thing you notice ?
A) The quality of the stemware , B ) the origins of art on the walls , C ) the titles of the books lining the shelves , D ) The hugeness of the head of the giant dead polar bear whose face you 're nearly sitting on .
Answering anything but D makes you an elitist snob .
Obviously , that 's a grizzly , not a polar bear .
11 . A " real American " is A ) an obese deer hunter / blue - collar millworker with a giant truck and a gentle smile and a thing for origami B ) a tattooed yoga - loving urbanite intellectual hipster who loves A.S. Byatt and red meat C ) The Muslim chef / mother of three who was born in Fort Wayne and went to Burning Man for the first time this year and dropped Ecstasy and was struck to giggling wonderment by the gorgeous silliness of all existence , D ) the nice family of Sikhs living next door , E ) What is this , f-- ing alphabet day ?
Enough with the multiple choice already , elitist hippie .
12 . You find it profoundly unfair that , while cretinous Fox News charlatans get to sling " elitist " at anyone of nuanced or open - minded intellect who happens to care about the world , the media refuses to pick up " Karl Rove 's toe cheese " as a clever counter - epithet .
13 .
The hammer with which you often consider striking yourself in the face when listening to Bush speak or when observing McCain 's creepy grin or hearing Palin 's embarrassing answers to simple questions of policy has never actually been put to use for any " real " work , and has only ever really been used to tap down a few loose nails on the deck of your Martha 's Vineyard summer cottage or tighten some planks in the fetish dungeon .
14 .
You prefer spirituality to religion , fluid self - determinism to Biblical dogma , premium sake to sacramental wine , devising new sins instead of merely indulging the old ones , swallowing instead of spitting , back door to front , Shakti to Mary , and floating instead of kneeling .
15 . You speak a foreign language .
This implies you might understand something of the world , have an interest in a culture other than your own , or have perhaps even traveled to some exotic foreign land that is n't Texas or New Jersey or Hawaii , a place where they like weird cheeses and do n't fear gay people and ride bicycles to the opera .
16 .
You recognize and appreciate more than 50 percent of the references and enjoy at least a quarter of the featured profiles in the New York Times Arts section .
Also , you read the New York Times .
Also , you read .
17 .
You are , for some godforsaken reason , absolutely convinced all the way down to your most profound sense of what is divine and truthful in this strangled world that violence and bloodshed are rarely the answer , that the irrefutable spiritual laws of the universe confirm that like attracts like and even at a quantum level there is a profound pull toward a divine , benevolent dynamic equilibrium , and therefore constructing a malicious national policy of torture and surveillance and pre-emptive aggression merely shames the better nature of the human animal and invites a particularly violent energy into the national bloodstream and poisons the human heart as it creates nothing but more turmoil and unrest and hate in the world .
Man , only an elitist jerk would tolerate a ridiculous run-on sentence like that .
18 . Your most treasured pieces of writing do n't feature Muggles , Hobbits , glossy centerfolds of Dale Earnhardt Jr. , dogs named Marley , or an angry and omnipotent patriarch who demands unquestioning subservience and strict adherence to often cruel , arbitrary laws of behavior from on high , who forsakeths thou for months and years at a time and never writes or calls and then suddenly reappears without warning only to rain down hellfire and frogs and locusts and totally inconvenient plagues on everyone , and never even apologizes .
And then you 're supposed to feel all guilty ?
For like , 2,000 years ?
Whatever .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
By Mike Mitchell
On my way to the basement to do some laundry , I noticed a package on my porch .
It was in the usual spot where I ask delivery people to put things if there 's no answer to the doorbell .
Strange , though .
I was n't expecting anything ; everything I 'd ordered recently had been delivered .
When I came back upstairs I picked it up .
It was for me , not my tenants , and it was from Hong Kong .
There was no return address and the customs declaration on the side simply read " camera part . "
Very strange .
I took it upstairs and opened it and said to myself , wow , I used to have one of those :
So I 'm thinking , what in the world is going on here ?
I lifted it out of the box to examine it but immediately my attention went to what was underneath it :
A folded piece of paper .
I could see writing through the back side .
A letter .
I unfolded it and began to read :
( Please click to see larger )
As I started to read it my heart began quaking !
By the time I was three quarters down the page I was bawling , wailing , sobbing , even laughing .
My feelings were heartshots ricocheting off inner walls , ricocheting off each other , ricocheting off the very boundaries of my own little world .
The metaphysical whiplash lasted for days .
I ’ve never been to China .
I ’ve never done pictures of the President and his family .
But the shows referred to were " Other Lights " at the Corcoran Gallery in 1977 and the paintings were at the David Adamson Gallery in 1997 , 20 years apart !
From a Chinese friend of a friend , I 've learned that the name Woo Lai Wah is definitely a woman ’s name and definitely the way it would be spelled in Hong Kong as opposed to mainland China .
I have not been able to locate her so far .
The actual " photo thing " is what 's called a bulk film loader .
When I was one of four high school photographers at least two of us used them .
In the darkroom , you 'd put a hundred feet of 35 mm film into it , slip the leading edge through a felt - lined slit and then screw down the red top .
You could then turn on the lights .
Then you ’d open a little compartment on the side and tape the leading edge to a spool that went into an empty 35 mm cassette like the ones Kodak still sells in yellow boxes .
Then you 'd close the compartment and crank the film into the cassette .
The benefit was that it was so much cheaper , a big benefit when we were high school photographers 45 years ago !
I started to recall those days and I vaguely remembered that we each put our names on them with one of those Dymo labelers where you ’d turn a dial to an individual letter , squeeze the handles and the letter would be punched into a strip of tape .
Could it BE ?
I picked up the loader and turned it on its side :
Then I remembered !
I had three of these , one for each type of film we used , Tri-X , Plus - X and Panatomic - X .
Thus the " Mr. Mitchell Tri-X . "
This was unquestionably mine !
And the crank was even still with it , rolled up in the bubble wrap beside it .
But how did it get half way around the world ?
As one of my photographer friends , Brett Littlehales , pointed out later , it was even amazing that the tape had lasted for 45 years .
He also observed in a typically exuberant way , " the chances of this happening are …are … like winning the lottery … no !… no !… more like winning the cosmic lottery ! "
And if there was a " prize " in this lottery , it was not so much the object itself , but the letter and the awesome mysteries of unfathomable spiritual connections , and the very gesture itself from this dear , dear person and the timing !
It ’s impossible to communicate how much I really needed what has been given to me by this delightful miracle .
My closest friends have helped a great deal to uncover the deepest gifts in it .
Blessings that are all quite personal but suffice it to say that this whole sequence of events , that is still reverberating through my life , has been a kind of crucible in which something very deep in my own heart is being refined , reconstituted , even healed .
Something that is essential to " making things worthy of many peoples . "
_______________________
Mike M .
Share this post with a friend
Featured Comment by Craig Norris :
" One of the continuing great pleasures I 've had in my many years of working and living in Asia , is the simple beauty of a heartfelt communication that reaches its target .
" Recognising that there is a language barrier to overcome , people of different cultures ( like me and the many Asian people with whom I cross paths ) make a greater effort to be clear in the message sent , and more careful in the listening .
I 've got the mental picture of Ms. Woo 's sons , daughters , nephews and nieces all contributing to the translation of her humble yet heartwarming thoughts into English .
" Woo Lai Wah 's message penetrates in a powerful way because of its unquestionable goodness , pure purpose and simple unadulterated directness .
Thanks for sharing it .
" By the way , in the second last paragraph , there 's a term ' Gwuy lo ' ... in 'my family who have gone to classes to learn to say Gwuy lo things for your happiness . '
' Gwuy lo ' is the colloquial Cantonese term for white foreigners .
Literally translated , it means ' white devil ' — not an undeserved term for the white man , if you read about the Opium Wars of the 1800s . "
Featured Comment by Rodger Kingston : " The only response I can think of that is worthy of this story is silent reflection on the goodness that resides in people , if only it were allowed to express itself , and how I might strive toward such a state of grace in my own life . "
John McCain should have known better than to cancel his appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman at the last minute , said Tim Harper in the Toronto Star .
Since then , Letterman has been skewering McCain .
“ McCain has rebounded from a number of body blows in his bid for the U.S. presidency — but can he survive the Letterman Effect ? ”
It might not be easy , said Joe Garofoli in the San Francisco Chronicle online .
Shows like Letterman ’s “ are just as important in establishing a cultural buzz as Meet the Press . ”
When the comedians start to “ turn on you , so does the mass culture , and so do the casual voters . ”
Not everyone will be on Letterman 's side , said Gary Susman in Entertainment Weekly online .
You could argue that Letterman “ was churlish for spending some nine minutes of the show mocking McCain 's flimsy excuse , or for booking outspoken McCain critic Keith Olbermann as a substitute guest . ”
Whatever the case may be , said Sarah Lai Stirland in Wired.com , the footage of Letterman making fun of McCain the night he cancelled has been viewed 1.4 million times on YouTube so far — making it “ the most viewed political video of the week . ”
Canada 's broadcasters will not allow Green Leader Elizabeth May to participate in the leaders debates during the federal election campaign , the networks announced Monday afternoon .
The consortium of networks , which includes the CBC , said three of Canada 's parties were opposed to May 's inclusion , but did not give more details .
In recent days , the Conservatives , Bloc Québécois and the NDP have all expressed their opposition to May joining the debates .
" It became clear that if the Green party were included , there would be no leaders ' debate , " the consortium said in a press release .
" In the interest of Canadians , the consortium has determined that it is better to broadcast the debates with the four major party leaders , rather than not at all . "
May calls decision ' anti- democratic '
The Greens ' leader immediately came out firing on the decision , saying her party " may have to take further steps " and will consult with legal advisers about a possible court challenge or injunction against the debate taking place without her .
" I think it really is appalling that the media consortium is willing at this point to rewrite the rules , " May said to the CBC's Don Newman on Monday , just minutes after the decision was announced .
She said the Greens are fielding 306 candidates across the country to run " against all those parties that do n’t want to see us in the debates . "
May also dismissed the consortium 's explanation that her presence would cause the other leaders not to show up .
" I do n't think Canadians will accept this for a minute , " May said .
" It 's the decision - making of a small group of TV network executives , and to do so without clear rules that are transparent and predictable and applied fairly really is anti-democratic . "
The parties that will take part in the debates are the New Democrats , the Liberals , the Bloc Québécois and the Conservatives .
The debates will take place Oct. 1 and 2 .
PM : Allowing May into debate ' unfair '
Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion said Monday that his party had supported May 's participation , but that he himself would not participate if Conservative Leader Stephen Harper were to boycott the debates .
" I will say that I would like her to be there , " Dion said .
Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe said that while he never threatened to withdraw over the issue , his preference was to have just the leaders of the four major parties in Parliament , and that the Greens should not be included in the debate because they have not elected an MP to Parliament yet .
In their opposition , the Tories and NDP cited a deal struck by May and Dion , in which they agreed not to run candidates against each other in their respective Nova Scotia and Quebec ridings .
NDP campaign spokesman Brad Lavigne confirmed late Monday that party leader Jack Layton had said he would n't attend the debate if May were allowed to participate .
" We believe that as someone who 's endorsed Stéphane Dion to be the prime minister of Canada , she has endorsed Liberal candidates throughout the country , " Lavigne said .
" We said that if the Liberals were going to have two representatives , we would not accept the invitation . "
Harper said letting May participate in the debates would be in essence allowing a " second Liberal candidate " to participate , which he called " fundamentally unfair . "
" Elizabeth May is not an opponent of Stéphane Dion , " the prime minister said .
" She is his candidate in Central Nova , and I think it would be fundamentally unfair to have two candidates who are essentially running on the same platform in the debate , " Harper said at a campaign event in Richmond , B.C .
He also said he expected May to endorse the Liberal party before the end of the campaign .
' We are cutting into his base ' : May
But May dismissed Harper 's claims , saying the prime minister was " clearly the leader who has the most to lose here .
" We are cutting into his base , " she said .
" And frankly , the notion that I would go into debates as someone to cheer on one other party leader is absurd . "
The Greens have previously indicated that if they were excluded , they would lodge a complaint with Canada 's broadcasting regulator , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission , and might launch a court challenge .
Traditionally , the consortium of Canada 's largest English and French television networks — CBC / Radio - Canada , CTV , Global Television and TVA — has decided which party leaders would participate in the debates .
In the December 2005 debates that preceded the 2006 election , Jim Harris — then leader of the Green party — was excluded because his party had no seats in the House of Commons .
Representation in the House of Commons is an " indisputable " criterion for inclusion in the national debate , said the CBC ombudsman in a 2006 report responding to Green party complaints .
Former Independent MP
Blair Wilson , who was elected as a Liberal , joined the Greens last month as the party 's first member of Parliament .
New Solar Streetlight Can Detect Earthquakes
September 8th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Sharp ’s new solar - powered streetlight can do it all .
Not only does the light operate for ten years without needing maintenance , but it also automatically turns on when it detects an earthquake .
The light use a high - intensity LED spotlight that has a service life of about 40,000 hours .
It charges using built - in solar panels during the day , and shines automatically at night .
Best of all , Sharp ’s streetlight does n’t create any light pollution — it ’s illuminated with a directed light that does n’t shine into the sky .
Perhaps the most intriguing feature of the streetlight is the built - in Seismic Motion Sensor .
The sensor is built into the support pole of the main unit , and automatically switches the light to nighttime illumination mode upon detection of a 5.0 earthquake or larger on the Richter Scale .
And light is both crucial and hard to find in an earthquake ’s aftermath — after the disastrous 1995 Kobe quake , it took two days before power was restored .
Sharp ’s streetlight will fittingly debut in Japan , but hopefully it will be deployed in other earthquake zones ( ahem , my hometown of San Francisco ) soon .
Posts Related to Solar Power :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , right , speaks Friday at a campaign rally in Dayton , Ohio .
John McCain , left , announced her as his vice presidential running mate a few days before the scheduled start of the Republican National Convention .
THE PRICE OF POWER THE PRICE OF POWER USA TODAY 's ongoing series tracks the role of money in the political process .
Click below to read other stories in the series .
Lobbyists in ' feeding frenzy ' over crisis McCain raises cash while limited to public funds Union helps non-profits pay for attack ads Biden move had ' intersection of interests '
Governors groups fill coffers at conventions More ' Price of Power ' stories CREATE A SCENARIO FOR 2008 CREATE A SCENARIO FOR 2008 USA TODAY 's interactive electoral vote tracker lets you build election scenarios , share them with friends and study past election outcomes .
PALIN BIOGRAPHY PALIN BIOGRAPHY Name : Sarah Heath Palin .
Age : 44 ; born Feb. 11 , 1964 ; Sandpoint , Idaho .
Experience : Alaska governor since December 2006 ; unsuccessful run for Republican nomination for lieutenant governor in 2002 ; chairwoman of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , 2003 - 2004 ; served two terms as Wasilla mayor and two terms on city council .
Education : Graduated University of Idaho , 1987 , journalism .
Family : Husband , Todd ; five children .
Business : Worked as sports reporter for two Anchorage television stations ; owned with her husband a snowmobile , watercraft , ATV business from 1994 - 97 .
Husband is a North Slope oil field worker .
Source : Associated Press . ST . PAUL 
In her nationally televised speech accepting the job as John McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said she " championed reform to end the abuses of earmark spending by Congress " and opposed federal funding for a controversial bridge to a sparsely populated island .
" I told Congress , ' Thanks , but no thanks , ' on that bridge to nowhere , " Palin said Friday in Ohio , using the critics ' dismissive name of the project .
" ' If our state wanted a bridge , ' I said , ' we 'd build it ourselves . ' "
While running for governor in 2006 , though , Palin backed federal funding for the infamous bridge , which McCain helped make a symbol of pork barrel excess .
And as mayor of the small town of Wasilla from 1996 to 2002 , Palin also hired a Washington lobbying firm that helped secure $ 8 million in congressionally directed spending projects , known as earmarks , according to public spending records compiled by the watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste and lobbying documents .
Wasilla 's lobbying firm was headed by Steven Silver — a former chief of staff to Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens , a key proponent of the bridge project .
" We need to come to the defense of Southeast Alaska when proposals are on the table like the bridge , and not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project or any other into something that 's so negative , " Palin said in August 2006 , according to the Ketchikan Daily News .
The Anchorage Daily News quoted her in October 2006 as saying she would continue state funding for the bridge .
" The window is now , while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist , " she said .
Asked why she supported the bridge , Palin 's communications director Bill McAlister said , " It was never at the top of her priority list , and in fact the project is n't necessarily dead … there 's still the potential for improved ferry service or even a bridge of a less costly design . "
She changed her mind , he said , when " she saw that Alaska was being perceived as taking from the country and not giving , and that impression bothered her and she wants to change it . …
I think that Sarah Palin is someone who has the courage to reevaluate situations as they developed . "
Wasilla , which in 2007 had 9,780 residents , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , hired a lobbyist in 2000 , public records show , paying him about $ 36,000 per year .
In 2001 , Palin was quoted in a local newspaper crediting Silver with helping secure federal funding for Wasilla .
Congressional spending items for Wasilla during Palin 's term included $ 1 million for a regional dispatch center and $ 1.5 million for water and sewer improvements , according to Citizens Against Government Waste .
McAlister said he was unaware of the details of Wasilla 's earmarks .
But , he added , " As mayor of the city , her charge was very different than it is now .
She 's obviously taking a much broader look at things as governor . "
It is not unusual for municipalities to hire lobbyists and seek federal help .
But of 149 incorporated places in Alaska , just six of them had paid registered lobbyists in 2002 , including Wasilla , lobbying records show .
Alaska is regularly one of the biggest per-person beneficiaries of such spending , thanks to the clout of Stevens , who is under indictment , and Rep. Don Young , whose primary election is still in doubt as votes are being counted .
Both men supported the so - called ' bridge to nowhere . '
The bridge was intended to provide access to Ketchikan 's airport on Gravina Island , which had a population of 50 in the 2000 U.S. Census .
After McCain and others railed against it , Congress dropped the specific earmark but kept the money in a transportation bill for Alaska .
In September 2007 , Palin 's office issued a new release saying the governor had " cancelled all state work on the Gravina Island bridge project , which gained national fame as a symbol of what critics said was wrong with federal budget earmarks . "
" I think that 's when the campaign for national office began , " Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein told the Anchorage Daily News on Saturday .
On Fox News Sunday , McCain touted Palin 's opposition to the bridge .
" Yes , the pork barrel project , a $ 233 million bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it , " McCain said .
" She , as governor , stood up and said , we do n't need it , and if we need it , we 'll pay for it ourselves .
Now , that 's guts .
I saw that , and I said , this , this is what we need in Washington . "
McCain has blamed spending for projects such as the ' bridge to nowhere ' for the Republican defeat in the 2006 congressional elections .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Click to view " Great fleas have little fleas upon their backs to bite 'em , And little fleas have lesser fleas , and so ad infinitum . "
Alright ... so these are just 30,000 dominoes stacked up in blocks to look a bit like giant dominoes , and tipped over to create a fab tumbling dominoes - made - from - giant - dominoes video , but you get my point .
It 's Friday , and the video has a cat in it and makes for good watching .
[ CollegeHumor ]
Advertisement
As the German government holds ' mad cow ' crisis talks in Berlin , fast food chain McDonald 's has launched a burger made entirely out of pork in a bid to protect its sales there .
The McFarmer burger , which is unique to Germany at present , will be promoted by its local roster agency , DDB worldwide - owned Heye & Partner Munich , via a TV and radio campaign .
McDonald 's move to sell pork burgers comes as German consumers become increasingly concerned about eating beef .
Although there have only been eight reported cases of BSE since 1997 compared with 11,030 in the UK , there has been a fall in demand for beef products since the first German BSE case was reported on November 24 .
When the UK BSE scare was at its peak in the mid-90s , McDonald 's was forced into PR crisis management but did not launch the pork burger here .
MPs are today questioning health and agriculture ministers about allegations that the German public has been misled over the safety of beef .
Before Christmas McDonald 's embarked on a massive ad campaign in Italy to allay public fears over beef safety , despite no case of BSE being reported there .
Being poor is bad enough .
Indeed , I can think of nothing worse .
Being poor in India is worse .
Not only are you down in the subterranean sphere but your status becomes a political football .
This is what I am sure will happen with the new statistics on poverty released by the World Bank .
Is there a lot of poverty in India ?
Yes , 456 million people .
Is the proportion of the poor in the economy going down ?
Yes , down from 60 per cent in 1980 to 42 per cent in 2005 .
Is it going down fast enough ?
No , as the number of poor has risen from 421 million in 1980 to 456 million in 2005 .
So far , everyone will agree .
But then comes a tricky question .
Has poverty been going down faster since 1990 than in the decade before ?
The World Bank says no .
It argues on the basis of its new data that poverty in India went down faster between 1980 and 1990 , from 60 to 51 per cent , than between 1990 and 2005 , when it fell to 42 per cent .
Thus , nine percentage points in the first ten years and the same again in 15 years .
What conclusion should one derive from this news ?
There are no doubt many in the Left who for once would hug the World Bank to their bosoms , having hated it so far .
They will argue that this proves that liberal economic reforms do not work and so we should get back to Leftwing economic policies .
Elections being near , this will be a stick to beat the poor PM with .
As I wish to bring poverty down even faster , I want to caution against jumping on this bandwagon .
A trivial point first .
The drop of 9 percentage points from a base of 60 is 15 per cent and from 51 is 18 per cent .
Still , let me accept that the drop rate is slower .
But the question is , why is this so ?
The champions of Left policies will say liberal economic reform does not spread growth down far enough .
But there are two points against this .
India followed Leftist economic strategy until 1980 and the poverty level barely budged .
Growth rate was low ( 1 per cent per capita per year for 30 years , from 1950 to 1980 ) and unemployment was high .
So let us forget about bringing back the Socialist Pattern of Society .
... contd .
ALSO READ
A time to cheer
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
One of the many , many imprecise aspects of daily journalism is estimating a crowd size -- especially when the gathering is large and sprawling .
In such cases , reporters learn early not to hazard a guess of their own but to rely on officialdom .
But sometimes , in another sign of the vagaries of pinning down a count at an event for which tickets have n’t been allotted , the figures from the local authorities vary .
Such was the case Wednesday as John McCain and Sarah Palin wrapped up the road tour that took them to several states since the Republican National Convention ended a week ago .
The GOP presidential ticket ventured into the heavily Democratic Virginia suburbs adjacent to Washington , where a boisterous and undeniably large audience greeted the pair .
But exactly how large ?
Most news reports , such as CNN’s , went with the police estimate of at least 23,000 ( a number eagerly embraced by the McCain camp ) .
Advertisement
The New York Times , though , used in its story the reckoning from fire marshals : 15,000 .
Meanwhile , Marc Fisher of the Washington Post , a columnist for the local section , wrote that he counted it at 8,000 ( though he also noted the 23,000 police estimate ) .
Regardless , there was n’t much question who the star of the show was .
--
Obama is far ahead -- abroad
Advertisement
This is the way matters have been going of late for Barack Obama .
New poll numbers are in that give him an overwhelming advantage over McCain -- and they will help him not one whit .
Indeed , Republicans will probably figure out a way to spin the results against him .
The BBC World Service poll gauged attitudes toward the U.S. presidential race in 22 other countries -- and found Obama the preference in every one , in many cases by overwhelming margins .
Obama ’s best showing was in Kenya , his father ’s home country , where a whopping 87 % supported him .
Five percent backed McCain .
Italy emerged as his second - place hotbed of support : 76 % favored Obama , 12 % McCain .
Advertisement
The Democrat ’s overseas trip this summer that included stops in France , Germany and Britain may have sparked taunts from the GOP , but it paid off in this poll .
In each of those countries , support for Obama swamped McCain ’s showing .
The findings for America ’s two closest neighbors ?
Canada : Obama 66 % , McCain 14 % .
Mexico : Obama 54 % , McCain 16 % .
The race was closest in India , where the figures were Obama 24 % , McCain 15 % .
As those numbers indicate , a large proportion of India ’s citizens did n’t care to pick between the two .
Russians shared that attitude :
There , fully 75 % did not express a preference .
Among those who did , the findings were Obama 18 % , McCain 7 % .
Overall , among the 22,000 foreigners interviewed , Obama was backed by 49 % and McCain by 12 % , with the rest of the respondents taking a pass .
Advertisement
The survey also found that in 17 of the 22 nations , the most common view is that an Obama White House would mean “ America ’s relations with the rest of the world are likely to get better . ”
Under a President McCain , “ relations will stay about the same as they are now , ” 19 countries opined .
--
Excerpted from The Times ’ political blog Top of the Ticket , at latimes.com / topoftheticket .
After my post last week on geek characters in mainstream movies , I thought it would be fun to come up with a list of the converse .
Here , then , is a list of mainstream characters in geeky movies ( in no particular order ) :
1. Dr. Leonard McCoy from the first six Star Trek movies -
He uses the technology , just like everyone else in the main cast , but he grumbles about it — especially about the transporter , which , really , has to be pretty close to warp drive on the usefulness scale .
If he ever came out with one of Trek 's trademark technobabble lines , I do n't remember it , and I honestly can't think of another major character that could be said about .
2. Jayne Cobb from Serenity -
He 'd sooner shoot you than talk with you about anything intellectual , and that 's not hyperbole .
He does n't care what anyone thinks about him , does n't take crap from anyone , and would rather solve any problem by hitting it , shooting it , or blowing it up .
3. Bill Lumbergh from Office Space - " So , Peter , what 's happening ? "
He 's a complete dork , but not a geek .
He 's just too deadly dull to be a real geek .
And no geek could tell a group of coworkers about next Friday being Hawaiian Shirt Day .
4. Fezzik from The Princess Bride -
As he himself says , it 's not his fault he 's a giant .
He 's a great friend to Inigo , a genuinely friendly guy who does n't want to hurt anyone , and only does because Vizzini threatens him with abandonment .
This is not to say that a geek can't also be a nice person , of course , but Fezzik is a very simple person , not used to thinking for himself .
5. Prof. Jerry Hathaway from Real Genius -
Yes , he 's a scientist .
Yes , he 's the one in charge of the whole group of geeks .
And yes , he 's a college professor .
But , in my opinion , nobody who hates popcorn can be considered a geek , so he makes the list .
Besides , he 's a great villain and , really , there 's no other character in the movie who could be considered mainstream at all , and how could this movie not be on the list ?
( More after the jump . )
6. Boromir from The Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring
- He 's basically a jock who does n't really understand the power of the ring .
Even so , he is an integral part of the fellowship until he falls under the ring 's spell and tries to take it from Frodo .
He dies heroically saving the hobbits , still not really understanding what it is he 's dying for .
7. Winston Zeddmore from Ghostbusters -
He only takes the job as a Ghostbuster because he needs the paycheck .
He 's more a man of faith than of science , unlike the other three members of the team .
And of course he has one of the best lines of the film : " Ray , when someone asks you if you 're a god , you say ' YES !' " ... not that that 's really relevant to the discussion , but I had to mention it .
8. Carter Burke from Aliens -
The company man who seems to care about Ripley until it serves his own selfish interests better to betray her .
He clearly has never seen a single science fiction movie , because otherwise he would 've realized that the aliens were going to get him , so how much of a geek could he be ?
9. Buffy Summers from Buffy the Vampire Slayer -
In the TV show , she ( pretty much ) embraces the role of Slayer , so she 's pretty much lost her mainstream status .
But she starts the movie as your basic cheerleader character , and only later accepts that she 's the only hope for winning the fight against the vampires , and even then she does it in her own way .
10 . Sam Lowry from Brazil -
He 's a low - level bureaucrat caught in a system that does n't care at all for him , escaping only through fantasies imagining himself as a romantic hero .
In this unsubtle satire , Lowry does n't even realize he has any option but conformity until his dream girl enters the picture .
This is probably the only geek movie in which , really , none of the characters is a geek — the society they live in simply would n't allow it .
This is unusual .
A live media teleconference on the sun .
Even more unusual is this statement :
The sun ’s current state could result in changing conditions in the solar system .
As you may recall , I posted an entry about the Ulysses mission back on June 16th and the findings of a lowered magnetic field in the sun , from the JPL press release then :
Ulysses ends its career after revealing that the magnetic field emanating from the sun ’s poles is much weaker than previously observed .
This could mean the upcoming solar maximum period will be less intense than in recent history .
We live in interesting times .
Dwayne Brown
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1726
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
DC Agle
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-393-9011
agle@jpl.nasa.gov
MEDIA ADVISORY : M08-176
http://www.nasa.gov/home/hqnews/2008/sep/HQ_M08176_Ulysses_teleconference.html
NASA To Discuss Conditions On And Surrounding The Sun
WASHINGTON — NASA will hold a media teleconference Tuesday , Sept. 23 , at 12:30 p.m. EDT , to discuss data from the joint NASA and European Space Agency Ulysses mission that reveals the sun ’s solar wind is at a 50 - year low .
The sun ’s current state could result in changing conditions in the solar system .
Ulysses was the first mission to survey the space environment above and below the poles of the sun .
The reams of data Ulysses returned have changed forever the way scientists view our star and its effects .
The venerable spacecraft has lasted more than 17 years – almost four times its expected mission lifetime .
The panelists are :
— Ed Smith , NASA Ulysses project scientist and magnetic field instrument investigator , Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
— Dave McComas , Ulysses solar wind instrument principal investigator , Southwest Research Institute , San Antonio
— Karine Issautier , Ulysses radio wave lead investigator , Observatoire de Paris , Meudon , France
— Nancy Crooker , Research Professor , Boston University , Boston , Mass .
Reporters should call 866-617-1526 and use the pass code “ sun ” to participate in the teleconference .
International media should call 1-210-795-0624 .
To access visuals that will the accompany presentations , go to :
http://www.nasa.gov/topics/solarsystem/features/ulysses-20080923.html
Audio of the teleconference will be streamed live at :
http://www.nasa.gov/newsaudio
– end –
h/t to John Sumpton
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
A scientist at California Polytechnic State University has answered that most pressing of questions for would - be time travellers - assuming you survive the journey through the wormhole vortex back to the Eocene epoch , what 's the beer going to be like when you get there ?
The answer is " smooth and spicy " with " a weird spiciness at the finish " , according to beer critics who 've been able to sample a " Jurassic Park " concoction brewed with yeast that 's a venerable 45 million years old .
It 's cheers , then , to Raul Cano who drilled into a Lebanese weevil trapped in Burmese amber to tap a dormant colony of bacteria and yeast , and subsequently activated the latter for deployment by the Fossil Fuels Brewing Company .
The result is , Discovery News explains , barrels of pale ale and German wheat beer offering a unique ale - quaffing experience due partly to the yeast 's singular metabolism .
Cano explained : " The ancient yeast is restricted to a narrow band of carbohydrates , unlike more modern yeasts , which can consume just about any kind of sugar . "
Cano elaborated : " You can always buy brewing yeast , and your product will be based on the brewmaster 's recipes .
Our yeast has a double angle :
We have yeast no one else has and our own beer recipes . "
The dino - yeast will apparently evolve the ability to consume other forms of sugar , in the process changing the beers ' flavour .
Cano intends to keep a stock of the original extraction to guard against evolutionary degradation of his brews .
In case you 're wondering what Cano was doing tapping amber - clad weevils , his original aim was to " find ancient microscopic creatures that might have some kind of medical value , particularly pharmaceutical drugs " .
Discovery News claims that avenue of research " did n't yield significant results " - an assertion those of us who well know the medical value of beer will strongly dispute . ®
Bootnote
A possible spin -off of the research is that , by better understanding the process of dormancy in the extracted yeast and bacteria , scientists might be able to induce the process in infectious diseases .
Rather than attacking the infection full - on , they could simply put the offending organism to sleep so that it " would still be present in the patient 's body , but it would n't hurt the patient " .
Oh yes , cheers to Mike Richards for the heads - up .
Watch and learn how we turn quality used products into discounted deals
As Barney Frank announces that he 's pulled together a deal that will get the votes needed to pass through Congress , economists from some of the top schools in the country ask , " What 's the hurry ? " :
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate : As economists , we want to express to Congress our great concern for the plan proposed by Treasury Secretary Paulson to deal with the financial crisis .
We are well aware of the difficulty of the current financial situation and we agree with the need for bold action to ensure that the financial system continues to function .
We see three fatal pitfalls in the currently proposed plan : 1 ) Its fairness .
The plan is a subsidy to investors at taxpayers ' expense .
Investors who took risks to earn profits must also bear the losses .
Not every business failure carries systemic risk .
The government can ensure a well - functioning financial industry , able to make new loans to creditworthy borrowers , without bailing out particular investors and institutions whose choices proved unwise .
2 ) Its ambiguity .
Neither the mission of the new agency nor its oversight are clear .
If taxpayers are to buy illiquid and opaque assets from troubled sellers , the terms , occasions , and methods of such purchases must be crystal clear ahead of time and carefully monitored afterwards .
3 ) Its long - term effects .
If the plan is enacted , its effects will be with us for a generation .
For all their recent troubles , America 's dynamic and innovative private capital markets have brought the nation unparalleled prosperity .
Fundamentally weakening those markets in order to calm short - run disruptions is desperately short - sighted .
For these reasons we ask Congress not to rush , to hold appropriate hearings , and to carefully consider the right course of action , and to wisely determine the future of the financial industry and the U.S. economy for years to come .
As the Wall Street meltdown causes John McCain to throw in the towel and George Bush attempts to pull off the biggest heist in history , it 's becoming clear that pushing any bailout legislation too far , too fast , could be a total disaster for our country .
The Democrats need to listen to people who really know economics , keep a tight leash on Henry Paulson and Ben Bernanke , say no to Disaster Capitalism and take the time to get this right the first time .
The list of economists who signed the letter is below the fold .
Signed ( updated 9/24/2008 10:30 AM CT )
Acemoglu Daron ( Massachussets Institute of Technology )
Adler Michael ( Columbia University )
Admati Anat R. ( Stanford University )
Alvarez Fernando ( University of Chicago )
Andersen Torben ( Northwestern University )
Barankay Iwan ( University of Pennsylvania )
Barry Brian ( University of Chicago )
Beim David ( Columbia University )
Berk Jonathan ( Stanford University )
Bisin Alberto ( New York University )
Bittlingmayer George ( University of Kansas )
Boldrin Michele ( Washington University )
Brooks Taggert J. ( University of Wisconsin )
Brynjolfsson Erik ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology )
Buera Francisco J.( UCLA )
Carroll Christopher ( Johns Hopkins University )
Cassar Gavin ( University of Pennsylvania )
Chaney Thomas ( University of Chicago )
Chari Varadarajan V. ( University of Minnesota )
Chauvin Keith W. ( University of Kansas )
Chintagunta Pradeep K. ( University of Chicago )
Christiano Lawrence J. ( Northwestern University )
Cochrane John ( University of Chicago )
Coleman John ( Duke University )
Constantinides George M. ( University of Chicago )
Crain Robert ( UC Berkeley )
Culp Christopher ( University of Chicago )
De Marzo Peter ( Stanford University )
Dubé Jean - Pierre H. ( University of Chicago )
Edlin Aaron ( UC Berkeley )
Eichenbaum Martin ( Northwestern University )
Ely Jeffrey ( Northwestern University )
Eraslan Hülya K. K.( Johns Hopkins University )
Faulhaber Gerald ( University of Pennsylvania )
Feldmann Sven ( University of Melbourne )
Fernandez - Villaverde Jesus ( University of Pennsylvania )
Fox Jeremy T. ( University of Chicago )
Frank Murray Z.( University of Minnesota )
Fuchs William ( University of Chicago )
Fudenberg Drew ( Harvard University )
Gabaix Xavier ( New York University )
Gao Paul ( Notre Dame University )
Garicano Luis ( University of Chicago )
Gerakos Joseph J. ( University of Chicago )
Gibbs Michael ( University of Chicago )
Goettler Ron ( University of Chicago )
Goldin Claudia ( Harvard University )
Gordon Robert J. ( Northwestern University )
Guadalupe Maria ( Columbia University )
Hagerty Kathleen ( Northwestern University )
Hamada Robert S. ( University of Chicago )
Hansen Lars ( University of Chicago )
Harris Milton ( University of Chicago )
Hart Oliver ( Harvard University )
Hazlett Thomas W. ( George Mason University )
Heaton John ( University of Chicago )
Heckman James ( University of Chicago - Nobel Laureate )
Henderson David R. ( Hoover Institution )
Henisz , Witold ( University of Pennsylvania )
Hertzberg Andrew ( Columbia University )
Hite Gailen ( Columbia University )
Hitsch Günter J. ( University of Chicago )
Hodrick Robert J. ( Columbia University )
Hopenhayn Hugo ( UCLA )
Hurst Erik ( University of Chicago )
Imrohoroglu Ayse ( University of Southern California )
Israel Ronen ( London Business School )
Jaffee Dwight M. ( UC Berkeley )
Jagannathan Ravi ( Northwestern University )
Jenter Dirk ( Stanford University )
Jones Charles M. ( Columbia Business School )
Kaboski Joseph P. ( Ohio State University )
Kaplan Ethan ( Stockholm University )
Karolyi , Andrew ( Ohio State University )
Kashyap Anil ( University of Chicago )
Keim Donald B ( University of Pennsylvania )
Ketkar Suhas L ( Vanderbilt University )
Kiesling Lynne ( Northwestern University )
Klenow Pete ( Stanford University )
Koch Paul ( University of Kansas )
Kocherlakota Narayana ( University of Minnesota )
Koijen Ralph S.J. ( University of Chicago )
Kondo Jiro ( Northwestern University )
Korteweg Arthur ( Stanford University )
Kortum Samuel ( University of Chicago )
Krueger Dirk ( University of Pennsylvania )
Ledesma Patricia ( Northwestern University )
Lee Lung - fei ( Ohio State University )
Leuz Christian ( University of Chicago )
Levine David I. ( UC Berkeley )
Levine David K.( Washington University )
Linnainmaa Juhani ( University of Chicago )
Lucas Robert ( University of Chicago - Nobel Laureate )
Luttmer Erzo G.J. ( University of Minnesota )
Manski Charles F. ( Northwestern University )
Martin Ian ( Stanford University )
Mayer Christopher ( Columbia University )
Mazzeo Michael ( Northwestern University )
McDonald Robert ( Northwestern University )
Meadow Scott F. ( University of Chicago )
Mehra Rajnish ( UC Santa Barbara )
Mian Atif ( University of Chicago )
Middlebrook Art ( University of Chicago )
Miguel Edward ( UC Berkeley )
Miravete Eugenio J. ( University of Texas at Austin )
Miron Jeffrey ( Harvard University )
Moretti Enrico ( UC Berkeley )
Moriguchi Chiaki ( Northwestern University )
Moro Andrea ( Vanderbilt University )
Morse Adair ( University of Chicago )
Mortensen Dale T. ( Northwestern University )
Mortimer Julie Holland ( Harvard University )
Muralidharan Karthik ( UC San Diego )
Nevo Aviv ( Northwestern University )
Ohanian Lee ( UCLA )
Pagliari Joseph ( University of Chicago )
Papanikolaou Dimitris ( Northwestern University )
Paul Evans ( Ohio State University )
Peltzman Sam ( University of Chicago )
Perri Fabrizio ( University of Minnesota )
Phelan Christopher ( University of Minnesota )
Piazzesi Monika ( Stanford University )
Piskorski Tomasz ( Columbia University )
Rampini Adriano ( Duke University )
Reagan Patricia ( Ohio State University )
Reich Michael ( UC Berkeley )
Reuben Ernesto ( Northwestern University )
Roberts Michael ( University of Pennsylvania )
Rogers Michele ( Northwestern University )
Rotella Elyce ( Indiana University )
Ruud Paul ( Vassar College )
Safford Sean ( University of Chicago )
Sandbu Martin E. ( University of Pennsylvania )
Sapienza Paola ( Northwestern University )
Savor Pavel ( University of Pennsylvania )
Scharfstein David ( Harvard University )
Seim Katja ( University of Pennsylvania )
Shang - Jin Wei ( Columbia University )
Shimer Robert ( University of Chicago )
Shore Stephen H. ( Johns Hopkins University )
Siegel Ron ( Northwestern University )
Smith David C. ( University of Virginia )
Smith Vernon L.( Chapman University - Nobel Laureate )
Sorensen Morten ( Columbia University )
Spiegel Matthew ( Yale University )
Stevenson Betsey ( University of Pennsylvania )
Stokey Nancy ( University of Chicago )
Strahan Philip ( Boston College )
Strebulaev Ilya ( Stanford University )
Sufi Amir ( University of Chicago )
Tabarrok Alex ( George Mason University )
Taylor Alan M. ( UC Davis )
Thompson Tim ( Northwestern University )
Tschoegl Adrian E. ( University of Pennsylvania )
Uhlig Harald ( University of Chicago )
Ulrich , Maxim ( Columbia University )
Van Buskirk Andrew ( University of Chicago )
Veronesi Pietro ( University of Chicago )
Vissing - Jorgensen Annette ( Northwestern University )
Wacziarg Romain ( UCLA )
Weill Pierre - Olivier ( UCLA )
Williamson Samuel H. ( Miami University )
Witte Mark ( Northwestern University )
Wolfers Justin ( University of Pennsylvania )
Woutersen Tiemen ( Johns Hopkins University )
Zingales Luigi ( University of Chicago )
USS McFaul ( DDG 74 ) .
Photo : U.S. Department of Defense
Two U.S. Navy ships , including a guided missile destroyer USS McFaul , and a U.S. Coast Guard cutter are getting underway to transport humanitarian assistance supplies to Georgia , U.S. European Command ( EUCOM ) said on August 21 .
It said USS McFaul ( DDG 74 ) departed from Souda Bay , Crete , on Wednesday and the cutter Dallas ( WHEC 716 ) will depart later this week .
McFaul and Dallas are scheduled to transit into the Black Sea and arrive in Georgia within a week , according to the U.S. European Command .
-- MORE --
BEIJING  The Michael Phelps gold medal count commenced early Sunday morning here with the 400 - meter individual medley final , and his pursuit of a record eight golds began with a victory and a world record .
At 10:03 a.m. , Phelps and his competitors dived into the pool at the Water Cube , and 4 minutes and 3.84 seconds later it was over .
The morning after Phelps set an Olympic record in this event with a heat time of 4:07.82 , a record that he said surprised even himself , he started his own countdown .
Image Michael Phelps with his gold medal after breaking the world record in the 400 - meter individual medley .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
One gold down , seven more to go , for an unprecedented total of eight .
At 23 , Phelps has been a household name in his sport for years , breaking through on the Olympic stage four years ago in Athens .
He arrived in Beijing with a shot at breaking Mark Spitz ’s record of seven gold medals in one Games .
According to a study published this month in The Lancet , alcohol and tobacco rank among the ten most dangerous substances used by humans .
Both alcohol and tobacco have been assessed to be more dangerous than illegal drugs like marijuana or ecstasy .
The following three factors were considered in ranking the harmfulness of each drug that was evaluated :
Physical harm to the user
Addictive potential of the drug
The drug 's overall impact on society
Psychiatrists who specialize in treating addictive behavior and legal or police officials with scientific or medical expertise were asked to assign a score to each of the three factors listed above for each drug that was evaluated in this study .
All told , 20 different drugs were evaluated , including cocaine , heroin , ecstasy , amphetamines , and LSD .
Ranked from most to least dangerous , the ten most dangerous substances were deemed to be :
Heroin - popular street names include smack , skag , and junk .
Cocaine - often referred to as snow , flake , coke , and blow .
Barbiturates - popular slang names include yellow jackets , reds , blues , Amy's , and rainbows .
Street Methadone Alcohol Ketamine - a powerful hallucinogen , often referred to as Special K. Benzodiazepines - a family of sedative drugs .
Amphetamines - known as greenies among baseball players .
Tobacco Buprenorphine - also called bupe or subbies .
The remaining drugs that were assessed in this study ranked as follows :
Cannabis - includes marijuana .
Solvents - volatile substances that can be inhaled , such as glue , nail polish remover , paints , hair spray , and lighter fuel ( gas ) .
4 - MTA - is a derivative of amphetamine and has similar effects to ecstasy .
LSD Methylphenidate - central nervous system stimulant , commonly sold as ritalin .
Anabolic steroids GHB - short for Gamma hydroxybutyrate , a powerful central nervous system depressant , most commonly known as the date rape drug .
Ecstasy Alkyl nitrates - group of drugs commonly referred to as poppers .
Khat - an amphetamine - like stimulant .
It is estimated that tobacco causes 40 percent of all hospital illnesses , while alcohol is involved in more than 50 percent of all visits to hospital emergency rooms .
In light of these statistics , the authors of this study question why alcohol and tobacco are legal to use within current drug policies for Britain and the United States , while less harmful drugs like ecstasy and LSD are deemed illegal to use .
The bottom line : alcohol and tobacco are two of the most dangerous substances that you can expose yourself to on a regular basis .
In terms of overall potential to cause harm , if used regularly , alcohol and tobacco belong in the same category as other recreational drugs like cocaine and heroin .
Note :
To receive valuable tips on how to use your food and lifestyle choices to promote steady cleansing and detoxification of your blood and tissues , please feel free to sign up for our free natural health newsletter below .
German developers had developed a cut - down version of Chrome that does n't send usage data back to the Google mothership .
Iron is aimed at punters who like Chrome 's fast JavaScript engine but baulk at the search giant 's policies for collecting usage data .
SRWare forged Iron by taking out all the features privacy - sensitive punters might find objectionable .
According to an English translation by Incomplete News , Iron is based on the Chrome source code minus elements including the absence of a unique user - ID and the removal of code that sends user - specific information to Google .
In addition , application crash data is not sent back to Google and there 's no Google updater , a function which if left undisturbed might put objectionable code back into the mix .
Windows XP and Vista versions of Iron are available from the SRWare 's site here .
Links to the 10.3 MB download are in German , as are the installation instructions , but it appears with a English interface when loaded on a UK version of XP , at least .
A quick try - out suggests the browser is just as nippy as Chrome and that it seems to do what it says on the tin in terms of browsing privacy .
In all , it 's an interesting coding exercise that shows the benefits of having a open source browser - doing something similar with IE is a non-starter .
However , it 's difficult to imagine that Iron will pick up much market share , and people unimpressed with the idea of handing over yet more data to the world 's biggest ad broker are more likely to turn to Firefox or Opera instead . ®
Surprise , surprise , surprise .
Guess who the Paulson plan benefits ?
Bank of America 's top credit strategy analyst says Paulson Debt Plan May Benefit Mostly Goldman , Morgan .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley may be among the biggest beneficiaries of the $ 700 billion U.S. plan to buy assets from financial companies while many banks see limited aid , according to Bank of America Corp .
" Its benefits , in its current form , will be largely limited to investment banks and other banks that have aggressively written down the value of their holdings and have already recognized the attendant capital impairment , " Jeffrey Rosenberg , Bank of America 's head of credit strategy research , wrote in a report dated yesterday , without identifying particular banks .
Many banks may not participate in the Troubled Asset Relief Program because they have n't had to write down as much assets under accounting rules , meaning decisions to sell into the program would cause them to lose capital , Rosenberg wrote .
Investment banks operate " under a mark - to - market accounting model while commercial banks hold assets at cost until realizing a loss ( or until they reasonably expect one ) , " he wrote .
Even without sales by commercial banks and savings - and - loans under the program , the companies may be harmed as the disclosure of prices paid in the troubled - debt auctions force them to ``hasten the pace '' of their own losses , Rosenberg wrote in his report .
Banks and insurers mark down certain securities and derivatives to market prices in their earnings reports , avoiding losses on others unless they deem the declines to not be temporary and provisioning against loans as they go bad .
Bank lobbying groups today asked Congress and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to suspend a rule that forces companies to put a price on difficult - to - value assets such as subprime mortgages .
Introducing Ronin , a hacking environment for the rest of us
Ronin has been my main quasi - secret ( I only told people who asked what I was hacking on in GVim ) project for some time now .
It has also been driving most of my side projects , such as GScraper , reverse - require and R’epertoire .
The code - base has finally settled down now , allowing me to release version 0.0.9 of Ronin .
This is an initial beta- release , so not all of the desired features are present , although I ’m always looking for user - feedback .
Ronin is a platform for information security and data - exploration tasks .
Ronin harnesses the elegance of Ruby ( one - liner convenience methods , sparse monkey - patching , meta- programming , Domain Specific Languages ( DSL ) and duck - typing ) to provide the user with a robust API , an extendable command - line utility and a customized IRB console .
Ronin is considered a platform and not a framework , since it has the ability to install Overlays of code ( think extensions ) and data ( think exploit / shellcode repositories ) from any SubVersion ( SVN ) , Git , CVS or Rsync repositories , which are then integrated into Ronin ’s environment .
The ability to install 3rd party code or data from any common source - code repository using just a URI is what makes Ronin decentralized .
Ronin is not bloated either , most of it ’s functionality is divided between various libraries which can be selectively installed by the user .
These libraries allow the user to choose what functionality they need from Ronin .
Ronin currently provides the following libraries :
Ronin is packaged as a RubyGem and can be downloaded here .
To install Ronin using RubyGems , simply run the following command :
$ sudo gem install ronin
Documentation for Ronin and it ’s libraries can be found here .
If you have further questions there ’s also a FAQ for Ronin .
Update 2 : I have recently published a HOWTO covering Ronin ’s convenience methods and how to perform everyday tasks in the Ronin Console ( such as owning web - servers ) .
Update 1 : An astute reader of this blog pointed out that R’epertoire 0.1.2 , which is required by Ronin , was not yet released as a RubyGem on rubygems.org .
This issue has been corrected and R’epertoire 0.1.2 is now available for download .
Also expect a release of the Ronin Exploits soon ( I ’m in the process of adding the beginnings of Vulnerability Taxonomy to the Exploit base - class ) .
Lovell kept contacting the girl despite a police warning A father has told how he installed spy software on his 15 - year - old daughter 's computer to find out her ice hockey coach was having sex with her .
Nicholas Lovell , 38 , from Guildford , Surrey , was convicted of five counts of sexual activity with a child and jailed for four - and - a - half years .
He taught the girl in Bracknell in 2006 when the relationship began .
Despite a police warning , he continued the relationship and was caught when e-mails and chat logs were monitored .
The teenager 's father , who cannot be named to protect his daughter 's identity , told BBC Radio Berkshire : " The first inkling was when I took the family on holiday and everywhere I went she followed me .
" It was like she wanted to tell me something but could n't .
He is now beginning a lengthy period of incarceration for his crimes against a vulnerable young girl
Det Con Paul Kerr , Thames Valley Police
" It then came to point that my daughter was n't at the places she was saying she was going to be .
" We called the police who came round and told the pair to have nothing to do with each other . "
As no offences had been disclosed Lovell was only given a warning about his behaviour .
He also signed an agreement to have no further contact with the girl .
The girl 's father said : " At this point , my daughter went out for a day with my wife and I installed the software onto the family PC .
" Over a period of about three or four weeks I was getting all the e-mails he was sending and all their messenger conversations .
" That was when I realised that something untoward was going on and called in police . "
' Invading her privacy '
Lovell used various false names to maintain contact , hoping to evade detection but was arrested after the evidence was passed to police .
It was later discovered he was introducing the girl at his place of work as his girlfriend and took her to work functions .
On several occasions he also took her to hotels where he had intercourse with her , police said .
Lovell was sentenced at Reading Crown Court on Friday and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders ' Register indefinitely .
He was also disqualified from working with children .
The teenager 's father has now installed the software onto all his children 's computers .
He added : " To start off with I was very concerned , I did feel like I was invading her privacy but then of course once one of these e-mails came through I knew I had done the right thing .
" I picked up the software for £ 60 and is the best thing I have ever bought and is now on all my children 's PCs . "
He said despite his daughter initially not talking to him after the incident their relationship was now " stronger than ever " .
Det Con Paul Kerr , of the child abuse investigation unit , said : " Lovell maintained a not guilty plea throughout the trial and tried to place the blame on the victim .
" He should have known better but chose to make his victim go through a trial , with the trauma that it caused , rather than admit to his crimes .
" He is now beginning a lengthy period of incarceration for his crimes against a vulnerable young girl . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Everyone loves open source - well , everyone apart from Microsoft , that is .
The only problem with open source is deciding how much code control you 're willing to relinquish , especially when open source puts your precious bits and bytes - and ultimately your own product plans - into the hands of your competitors .
Adobe Systems '
Flash has long dominated PCs and the web , but the company has been under slowly mounting pressure to open source the player 's source code .
This came to a head recently when Dion Almaer , co-founder of Ajaxian.com and Google 's open web advocate , delivered a talk on the state of AJAX at Google Developer Day in London .
I asked Almaer why Google makes little use of Adobe Systems ' Flash , YouTube aside , and he gave a forthright answer .
Flash is not " open enough , " he said , explaining that the Flash player is not open source and its development is not driven by the community .
Google likes the technology , he added , and its closed - source status is a matter of ongoing discussion .
I put this to Dave McAllister , Adobe 's director of standards and open source .
" Dion and I have exchanged opinions about this , " he said , adding that " there are constant discussions with Google , " though he could not confirm any on this specific matter .
McAllister noted the SWF format for compiled Flash content is an open specification and that the Flex Software Development Kit ( SDK ) for building Flash content is open source , but said there is little prospect of open sourcing the player itself .
Media friendly
" Sixty - five per cent of the code is not owned by Adobe , " he claimed .
" We spend an incredible amount of money to license audio and video codecs that we then give away for free .
If we open sourced the code of the Flash player , we would immediately fragment the video runtime market , because we can't give away those codecs . "
McAllister rejected Almaer 's point about the community , saying there is " peer participation , a visible roadmap , open bug bases , and open discussion between engineers and developers ... the only open source principle that does n't get communicated is the actual source code . "
Ah .
Have n't we been here with Sun Microsystems , before it eventually open sourced Java ?
McAllister was dismissive of the comparison .
" The lesson learned from the Java exercise is that a marketplace that is losing speed can attempt to regain some of it from open source .
We can certainly learn from [ Sun ] that it 's very easy for competitors to sabotage your own efforts , " he said .
TBILISI , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili signed a cease - fire agreement on Friday , which the U.S. said means Russian troops must begin withdrawing .
The office of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who brokered the agreement , said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev also had confirmed Russia 's cooperation .
" His country will sign a cease - fire accord with Georgia and scrupulously respect all agreements , including a troop withdrawal , " Sarkozy 's office said .
Fighting that started last week has died down in the region , but Russian forces remain .
The warfare raged for several days until Sarkozy 's diplomatic efforts helped lessen the violence .
Sarkozy undertook the role because he holds the rotating presidency of the European Union .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice said the priority now was " all Russian troops and irregulars that entered Georgia with them must leave immediately . "
Rice said international observers followed by neutral peacekeepers should be dispatched quickly to Georgia and its separatist regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , where Russia has a peacekeeping mission .
Saakashvili warned at a news conference with Rice that " this is not a done deal yet " unless it included ways of stopping a repeat .
" We are under Russian occupation , " he said .
The Russian Foreign Ministry confirmed that President Dmitry Medvedev has agreed to sign the document but added that it was not clear whether it has been amended since Russia made the commitment to sign .
Watch Rice demand Russia 's withdrawal »
The conflict began late last week , when Georgia launched a military incursion into South Ossetia in an effort to rout separatist rebels .
Russia -- which supports the separatists , many of whom claim Russian citizenship -- has peacekeeping responsibilities for the region and responded by sending tanks into the province for what it said was peace enforcement .
From there the violence spread into Georgia and Abkhazia .
iReport.com : How is the Russia - Georgia conflict affecting you ?
Under the cease - fire , about 1,500 Russian peacekeepers are allowed to remain inside , and can do patrols about 6 kilometers outside , the " zone of conflict , " a reference to South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
They are not permitted to patrol in Gori and other Georgian cities and cannot hamper aid distribution or control ports , highways or railroads , the officials said .
The limited exception for the Russian peacekeepers is allowed only until a more robust international peacekeeping force can be deployed .
Analysts see the conflict in Georgia , which is seeking NATO and EU membership , as having wider international implications as Russia seeks to reduce Western influence on its doorstep .
President Bush earlier chided Russia for Cold War - style behavior in its territorial conflict with Georgia , accusing it of " bullying and intimidation " as international pressure grew on Moscow to withdraw its troops from the region .
Medvedev remained defiant over Moscow 's actions , saying Russia had brought peace to the region .
Russian troops remained in control of two key Georgian cities despite pledges of a withdrawal .
The Russians occupied the cities of Gori and Poti after conflict flared over the breakaway province of South Ossetia .
Watch devastation in port of Poti »
Reports emerged Friday of widespread looting in the decimated city of Gori and witnesses said they heard small - arms fire in South Ossetia , one of the two disputed territories at the center of the conflict .
But Russia 's military spokesman said Friday that " there 's absolutely no firing " under way in Georgia and that his government is concentrating on getting humanitarian aid to residents there .
Bush said the United States stands " with the people of Georgia and their democratically elected government . "
Watch President Bush on ' why Georgia matters ' »
Medvedev said Russia will " guarantee " peace in the Caucasus region but made no commitment to remove Russian forces from Georgia or its breakaway territories .
" Peace needs to re-established in the region and guaranteed and underpinned so that no one again will get idiotic ideas , and this I see as the main task of the Russian Federation , " Medvedev said .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in a news conference with Medvedev , called for the withdrawal of Russian troops from central Georgia , where they remain in control of large areas of the country .
International rights body Human Rights Watch on Friday accused Russia of dropping cluster bombs -- outlawed by more than 100 nations -- on Georgia , killing civilians .
The claim was denied by Russian officials .
A senior U.S. State Department official familiar with negotiations said the version of the one - page , six - element agreement that Rice carried to Tbilisi closed a loophole in the hastily written preliminary peace plan that Georgia and Russia agreed to Tuesday .
View a map of the region »
Under Rice 's plan , new wording would clarify that Russian would have a " very limited to a light patrolling ability , such as a few kilometers outside of South Ossetia , not the right to maintain a presence inside Georgia . "
It is unclear how many people have been killed in the conflict , but various claims put the figure in the thousands .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Friday that it estimated that more than 118,000 people have been displaced by the fighting , citing statistics supplied by the Russian and Georgian governments .
About 30,000 people from South Ossetia fled to Russia , according to officials in the Russian region of North Ossetia , and up to 15,000 people from South Ossetia went south into Georgia proper , the Georgian government said .
Around 73,000 people in Georgia proper are displaced , including most of the population of Gori .
A further 732 Georgians living in Abkhazia were evacuated from the remote Khodori Valley .
CNN 's Cal Perry , Diana Magnay , Frederik Pleitgen , Zain Verjee and Elise Labott contributed to this report .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About South Ossetia • Republic of Georgia • Russia • Mikheil Saakashvili
Do you have the nagging fear that your whole life is being documented by unseen cameras , or that the Internet people are coming to get you , or , perhaps , that you may pour a glass of water from the tap and send the world into ecological cataclysm ?
Well you may be a delusional crazy person !
And not just any old delusional crazy person , but a modern one .
Well , so sayeth the New York Times in a trend piece today about crazy people .
These days you just might have " Truman Show delusion " ( like the movie ! ) or " Internet delusion " or " Climate Change delusion . "
But what came first , the chicken or the crazy ?
Most psychiatrists seem to the think that , in the case of Truman Syndrome , the fear generated by reality television — that the people of the world has gone mad for documenting each other 's mundane existences , invading privacy at any cost — is simply a new trope for people who were already paranoid and delusional to grab onto .
There is an air of Fear of Persecution , a good ol ' crazypants standby , in the idea that cameras are documenting your every move .
It 's a lie , it 's sinister .
Everything else is fake !
No one is real but me !
Lonely and desperate imaginings .
It must be how Lauren Conrad 's dog feels .
So yes the fear was always there , it 's just taken on new themes .
A psychiatrist at NYU tells the paper :
Most likely these people would be delusional anyway .
But the more radical view is that this pushes some people over the threshold ; the environment tips them over the edge .
And if culture can make people crazy , then we need to look at it .
Well , right .
I mean the Truman Show delusion is pretty nuts , but not that nuts .
Why must that fear be relegated solely to the realm of the psychotic ?
Is every be -halter topped young lady bellowing and sloshing her drink around , whoop !- ing at Off the Wagon as if she were on The Real World , some sort of mental invalid ?
Well , maybe , but not necessarily crazy !
If all behavior is learned from somewhere , it 's certainly possible that our youngs are learning from reality television .
They may be operating under some soft delusion that if they 're not already there doing so , a camera crew could pop out and film them at any moment .
And as for the other two , well ...
I just do n't find it that irrational to be afraid of environmental catastrophe or the Internet .
I mean , you could be some tinfoil hat - wearing nutterbutter who skulks around his apartment in a soiled bathrobe listening to Mozart at full - blast , occasionally darting his hands at the computer keyboard , conversing with another bathrobe - clad insane in Missoula .
And that , yes , would be crazy .
But the internet does open a strange side door into one 's life that is easily crept through by some wicked people .
It is perfectly rational to be aware of that slice - of - modern - life fact .
And the environment ?
Well let 's just say take your unborn great - grandchildren to New York City for a visit now .
Because it 's not going to be around when they 're breathing and blinking and in the world if we continue on this Icarusian course .
Or , you know , maybe I 'm just crazy .
Quarterly profits at StatoilHydro were up 37 %
State - controlled Norwegian oil and gas group StatoilHydro has agreed not to make any new investments in Iran .
The company is reported to have come under pressure from the US , which is trying to get Iran to halt its nuclear activities .
StatoilHydro is a key contractor and shareholder in the development of the South Pars gas field in Iran .
It said it would fulfil its obligations in the development and then gradually disengage itself from the project .
" We are attentive to the situation in and around Iran , and to the applicable laws and regulations of the European Union and the United States , " said chief executive Helge Lund .
The US and EU suspect that Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , although Iran insists that its nuclear programme is only generating energy .
The announcement came on the day Statoil Hydro released three - month results .
Net profit between April and June came in at 18.77bn kroner ( $ 3.65 bn ; £ 1.85 bn ) , up 37 % on the same period in 2007 .
Islamabad , Pakistan —
Some lessons learned while spending time in a different culture come from paying attention to the wide diversity in how we humans arrange ourselves socially .
Equally crucial lessons come from seeing patterns in how people behave similarly in similar situations , even in very different cultural contexts .
This week in Pakistan , as I have been learning more about a very different culture than my own , I was reminded of one of those patterns : Patriarchy makes men crazy .
The setting for this lesson is the International Islamic University in Islamabad , where I am teaching a three - week course on media law and ethics as a visiting fellow of the university ’s Iqbal International Institute for Research and Dialogue .
Institute Director Mumtaz Ahmad brought in me and my Canadian colleague Justin Podur , who is teaching a course on critical thinking , to bring new perspectives to the students at what is a fairly orthodox university , and the dialogue has indeed been rewarding .
As is the case in my courses at the University of Texas at Austin , no matter what the specific subject of the course — freedom of expression , democracy , and mass media , in this case — I often raise questions about how our identities — race , gender , class , nation — structure our position in a society and understanding of the world .
Given the gender segregation at IIU — I have male and female students in my class , but they are housed on different campuses and much of the regular instruction is in single - sex settings — it ’s difficult not to circle back frequently to gender .
One day while I was talking about race , I pointed out that while white people in a white - supremacist society have distinct advantages , there is one downside :
It makes white people crazy .
The students ’ expressions suggested they were n’t sure how to take that , so I explained :
White supremacy leads white people to believe they are superior based on their skin color .
That idea is . . . crazy .
Therefore , lots of white people — those who explicitly support white supremacy or unconsciously accept such a notion — are crazy .
My students are mostly Pakistani , with a few from other Islamic countries in Asia and Africa ; all are brown or black .
They tried to be polite but could n’t help laughing at the obvious truth in the statement , as well as the odd fact that a white guy was saying it .
I then moved to an obvious comparison :
We men know about this problem , I said , because of the same problem in patriarchy .
In male - supremacist societies , men have distinct advantages , but we often believe that we are superior based on our sex .
That idea is . . . .
This time the women laughed , but the men were silent .
They were n’t so sure they agreed with the analysis in this case .
The next week a power outage at the university helped me drive home my point .
When we arrived that morning and found our classroom dark , we looked for a space with natural light that could accommodate the entire class .
The most easily accessible place was the carpeted prayer area off the building lobby , and one of the female faculty members helping me with the class led us there .
I sat down with the women , and one of the most inquisitive students raised a critical question about one of my assertions from our previous class .
We launched into a lively discussion for several minutes , until we were informed that the male students had a problem with the class meeting there .
I looked around and , sure enough , the men had yet to join us .
They were standing off to the side , refusing to come into the prayer space , which they thought should not be used for a classroom with men and women .
Our host Junaid Ahmad , who puts his considerable organizing skills to good use in the United States and Pakistan , was starting to sort out the issue when the power came back on , and we all headed back to our regular classroom .
I put my scheduled lecture on hold to allow for discussion about what had just happened .
Could a prayer space be used for other purposes , such as a class ?
If so , given such that space is used exclusively by men here , is it appropriate to use it for a coeducational classroom ?
It ’s hardly surprising that students held a variety of opinions about how to resolve those questions consistent with their interpretation of Islamic principles , and a gendered pattern emerged immediately .
The women overwhelmingly asserted that there was nothing wrong with us all being in the prayer space , and the men overwhelmingly rejected that conclusion .
I made it clear that as an outsider I was n’t going to weigh in on the theological question , but that I wanted to use our experience to examine how a society could create a system of freedom of expression to explore such issues democratically .
The lesson for me came in how the discussion went forward .
The women were not shy in expressing themselves , eager to engage in debate with the men , who were considerably more reserved .
After a contentious half hour of discussion , we moved forward to my lecture .
During the break , the men huddled to discuss the question of the prayer space .
When we reconvened , one of them asked if a representative of the men could speak again on issue .
He began by saying that he had hesitated to speak in the previous discussion because he felt it was obvious that the women were wrong and he had not wanted to hurt their feelings or impede their willingness to speak up by pointing out their error immediately .
I suggested we resolve that question first .
I turned to the women and asked , “ Will your feelings be hurt or will you be you afraid to speak if he is critical of your arguments ? ”
Their response was a resounding no .
I turned back to the man and made the obvious point :
We now have clear evidence that that your assumption was wrong .
The women are telling you directly that they are not shy about debating , and so you can make your points .
When he did — and when the women disagreed — they let him know without hesitation .
From what I could tell , his argument did not persuade many , if any , of the women that their judgments had been wrong .
What struck me about the exchange was how ill - prepared the men were to defend their position in the face of a challenge from the women .
It was clear that the men were not used to facing such challenges , and as they scrambled to formulate rebuttals they did little more than restate claims with which they were comfortable and familiar .
That strategy ( or lack of a strategy ) is hardly unique to Pakistani men .
To modify my previous statement about the negative effects of privilege on the privileged : Patriarchy makes us men not just crazy but stupid .
The more our intellectual activity takes place in male - dominant spaces , and the more intensely male - dominant those spaces are , the less likely we are to develop our ability to think critically about gender and power .
Sometimes when faced with an incisive challenge , men become aggressive , even violent ; sometimes men retreat with an illusory sense of victory ; sometimes men sulk until women give up the debate .
Individual men will react differently in different times and places ; it ’s the patterns that are important .
Cultural diversity exists alongside universal patterns .
The United States and Pakistan are very different societies , but they are both patriarchal .
Patriarchy takes different forms in each society , and the harms to women can be quite different , but my observation holds in both .
It does n’t mean patriarchy does n’t sometimes also constrain women ’s thinking , nor does it mean women are always right in debates with men .
To identify patterns is not to make ridiculous totalizing claims .
There ’s one more valuable lesson I took away from this episode : I have to be vigilant in challenging my stereotypes about women in Islamic societies .
I can be quick to assume that Islamic women always capitulate to the patriarchal ideas and norms that dominate their societies .
While I ca n’t know what each woman in the room was thinking , there was a consensus that they would not accept the conclusion of the men without challenge .
In front of me were women with their heads covered ( the hijab ) and some with the full face veil ( the niqab ) .
Others had scarves draped around their shoulders , their heads uncovered .
One of the two most forceful women in the debate wore the hijab and the other was uncovered ; I could n’t predict the content or tone of a woman ’s response from her dress .
No matter how much I know that intellectually , I still catch myself making assumptions about these women based on their choice of head covering .
The class discussion reminds me to remember to challenge my own assumptions .
These conclusions are hardly original or revolutionary , but they bear regular restatement :
It is crucial that we remember the reality of cultural diversity and encourage respect of that diversity , while not shying away from critical engagement .
That ’s especially important for those of us from privileged classes in affluent imperial nations , who often are quick to assume we are superior .
It ’s just as crucial to look for patterns across cultures , to help us understand how systems of power shape us in ways that are remarkably consistent and to help us develop better strategies to resist illegitimate authority and transform our diverse societies .
That is important for us all who care about justice .
Robert Jensen is a journalism professor at the University of Texas at Austin and board member of the Third Coast Activist Resource Center ( thirdcoastactivist.org ) .
His latest book is Getting Off : Pornography and the End of Masculinity ( South End Press , 2007 ) .
Jensen is also the author of The Heart of Whiteness : Race , Racism , and White Privilegeand Citizens of the Empire : The Struggle to Claim Our Humanity ( both from City Lights Books ) ; and Writing Dissent : Taking Radical Ideas from the Margins to the Mainstream ( Peter Lang ) .
He can be reached at rjensen@uts.cc.utexas.edu and his articles can be found online at uts.cc.utexas.edu/~rjensen/index.html.
|
| Print
September 15 , 2008
by Bruce Schneier
Chief Security Technology Officer , BT
schneier@schneier.com
http://www.schneier.com
A free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
For back issues , or to subscribe , visit < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
You can read this issue on the web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0809.html>.
These same essays appear in the “ Schneier on Security ” blog : < http://www.schneier.com/>.
An RSS feed is available .
In this issue :
I have a new book coming out : “ Schneier on Security . ”
It ’s a collection of my essays , all written from June 2002 to June 2008 .
They ’re all on my website , so regular readers wo n’t have missed anything if they do n’t buy this book .
But for those of you who want my essays in one easy - to - read place , or are planning to be shipwrecked on a desert island without Web access and would like to spend your time there pondering the sorts of questions I discuss in my essays , or want to give copies of my essays to friends and relatives as gifts , this book is for you .
There are only 90 shopping days before Christmas .
The hardcover book retails for $ 30 , but Amazon is already selling it for $ 20 .
If you want a signed copy , e-mail me .
I ’ll send you a signed copy for $ 30 , including U.S. shipping , or $ 40 , including shipping overseas .
Yes , Amazon is cheaper — and you can always find me at a conference and ask me to sign the book .
Book :
http://www.schneier.com/book-sos.html
Essays :
http://www.schneier.com/essays.html
Order on Amazon.com :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0470395354/…
Let me start off by saying that I ’m making this whole thing up .
Imagine you ’re in charge of infiltrating sleeper agents into the United States .
The year is 1983 , and the proliferation of identity databases is making it increasingly difficult to create fake credentials .
Ten years ago , someone could have just shown up in the country and gotten a driver ’s license , Social Security card and bank account — possibly using the identity of someone roughly the same age who died as a young child — but it ’s getting harder .
And you know that trend will only continue .
So you decide to grow your own identities .
Call it “ identity farming . ”
You invent a handful of infants .
You apply for Social Security numbers for them .
Eventually , you open bank accounts for them , file tax returns for them , register them to vote , and apply for credit cards in their name .
And now , 25 years later , you have a handful of identities ready and waiting for some real people to step into them .
There are some complications , of course .
Maybe you need people to sign their name as parents — or , at least , mothers .
Maybe you need to doctors to fill out birth certificates .
Maybe you need to fill out paperwork certifying that you ’re home - schooling these children .
You ’ll certainly want to exercise their financial identity : depositing money into their bank accounts and withdrawing it from ATMs , using their credit cards and paying the bills , and so on .
And you ’ll need to establish some sort of addresses for them , even if it is just a mail drop .
You wo n’t be able to get driver ’s licenses or photo IDs in their name .
That is n’t critical , though ; in the U.S. , more than 20 million adult citizens do n’t have photo IDs .
But other than that , I ca n’t think of any reason why identity farming would n’t work .
Here ’s the real question :
Do you actually have to show up for any part of your life ?
Again , I made this all up .
I have no evidence that anyone is actually doing this .
It ’s not something a criminal organization is likely to do ; twenty - five years is too distant a payoff horizon .
The same logic holds true for terrorist organizations ; it ’s not worth it .
It might have been worth it to the KGB — although perhaps harder to justify after the Soviet Union broke up in 1991 — and might be an attractive option for existing intelligence adversaries like China .
Immortals could also use this trick to self - perpetuate themselves , inventing their own children and gradually assuming their identity , then killing their parents off .
They could even show up for their own driver ’s license photos , wearing a beard as the father and blue spiked hair as the son .
I ’m told this is a common idea in Highlander fan fiction .
The point is n’t to create another movie plot threat , but to point out the central role that data has taken on in our lives .
Previously , I ’ve said that we all have a data shadow that follows us around , and that more and more institutions interact with our data shadows instead of with us .
We only intersect with our data shadows once in a while — when we apply for a driver ’s license or passport , for example — and those interactions are authenticated by older , less - secure interactions .
The rest of the world assumes that our photo IDs glue us to our data shadows , ignoring the rather flimsy connection between us and our plastic cards .
( And , no , REAL - ID wo n’t help . )
It seems to me that our data shadows are becoming increasingly distinct from us , almost with a life of their own .
What ’s important now is our shadows ; we ’re secondary .
And as our society relies more and more on these shadows , we might even become unnecessary .
Our data shadows can live a perfectly normal life without us .
Data shadow essay :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-219.html
Interesting commentary .
http://www.examiner.com/…
This essay previously appeared on Wired.com .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/commentary/…
Over the past year I have gotten many requests , both public and private , to comment on the BT and Phorm incident .
I was not involved with BT and Phorm , then or now .
Everything I know about Phorm and BT ’s relationship with Phorm came from the same news articles you read .
I have not gotten involved as an employee of BT .
But anything I say is — by definition — said by a BT executive .
That ’s not good .
So I ’m sorry that I ca n’t write about Phorm .
But — honestly — lots of others have been giving their views on the issue .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/09/…
Return on investment , or ROI , is a big deal in business .
Any business venture needs to demonstrate a positive return on investment , and a good one at that , in order to be viable .
It ’s become a big deal in IT security , too .
Many corporate customers are demanding ROI models to demonstrate that a particular security investment pays off .
And in response , vendors are providing ROI models that demonstrate how their particular security solution provides the best return on investment .
It ’s a good idea in theory , but it ’s a mostly bunk in practice .
Before I get into the details , there ’s one point I have to make .
“ ROI ” as used in a security context is inaccurate .
Security is not an investment that provides a return , like a new factory or a financial instrument .
It ’s an expense that , hopefully , pays for itself in cost savings .
Security is about loss prevention , not about earnings .
The term just does n’t make sense in this context .
But as anyone who has lived through a company ’s vicious end - of - year budget - slashing exercises knows , when you ’re trying to make your numbers , cutting costs is the same as increasing revenues .
So while security can’t produce ROI , loss prevention most certainly affects a company ’s bottom line .
And a company should implement only security countermeasures that affect its bottom line positively .
It should n’t spend more on a security problem than the problem is worth .
Conversely , it should n’t ignore problems that are costing it money when there are cheaper mitigation alternatives .
A smart company needs to approach security as it would any other business decision : costs versus benefits .
The classic methodology is called annualized loss expectancy ( ALE ) , and it ’s straightforward .
Calculate the cost of a security incident in both tangibles like time and money , and intangibles like reputation and competitive advantage .
Multiply that by the chance the incident will occur in a year .
That tells you how much you should spend to mitigate the risk .
So , for example , if your store has a 10 percent chance of getting robbed and the cost of being robbed is $ 10,000 , then you should spend $ 1,000 a year on security .
Spend more than that , and you ’re wasting money .
Spend less than that , and you ’re also wasting money .
Of course , that $ 1,000 has to reduce the chance of being robbed to zero in order to be cost - effective .
If a security measure cuts the chance of robbery by 40 percent — to 6 percent a year — then you should spend no more than $ 400 on it .
If another security measure reduces it by 80 percent , it ’s worth $ 800 .
And if two security measures both reduce the chance of being robbed by 50 percent and one costs $ 300 and the other $ 700 , the first one is worth it and the second is n’t .
The key to making this work is good data ; the term of art is “ actuarial tail . ”
If you ’re doing an ALE analysis of a security camera at a convenience store , you need to know the crime rate in the store ’s neighborhood and maybe have some idea of how much cameras improve the odds of convincing criminals to rob another store instead .
You need to know how much a robbery costs : in merchandise , in time and annoyance , in lost sales due to spooked patrons , in employee morale .
You need to know how much not having the cameras costs in terms of employee morale ; maybe you ’re having trouble hiring salespeople to work the night shift .
With all that data , you can figure out if the cost of the camera is cheaper than the loss of revenue if you close the store at night — assuming that the closed store wo n’t get robbed as well .
And then you can decide whether to install one .
Cybersecurity is considerably harder , because there just is n’t enough good data .
There are n’t good crime rates for cyberspace , and we have a lot less data about how individual security countermeasures — or specific configurations of countermeasures — mitigate those risks .
We do n’t even have data on incident costs .
One problem is that the threat moves too quickly .
The characteristics of the things we ’re trying to prevent change so quickly that we ca n’t accumulate data fast enough .
By the time we get some data , there ’s a new threat model for which we do n’t have enough data .
So we ca n’t create ALE models .
But there ’s another problem , and it ’s that the math quickly falls apart when it comes to rare and expensive events .
Imagine you calculate the cost — reputational costs , loss of customers , etc. — of having your company ’s name in the newspaper after an embarrassing cybersecurity event to be $ 20 million .
Also assume that the odds are 1 in 10,000 of that happening in any one year .
ALE says you should spend no more than $ 2,000 mitigating that risk .
So far , so good .
But maybe your CFO thinks an incident would cost only $ 10 million .
You ca n’t argue , since we ’re just estimating .
But he just cut your security budget in half .
A vendor trying to sell you a product finds a Web analysis claiming that the odds of this happening are actually 1 in 1,000 .
Accept this new number , and suddenly a product costing 10 times as much is still a good investment .
It gets worse when you deal with even more rare and expensive events .
Imagine you ’re in charge of terrorism mitigation at a chlorine plant .
What ’s the cost to your company , in money and reputation , of a large and very deadly explosion ?
$ 100 million ?
$ 1 billion ?
$ 10 billion ?
And the odds : 1 in a hundred thousand , 1 in a million , 1 in 10 million ?
Depending on how you answer those two questions — and any answer is really just a guess — you can justify spending anywhere from $ 10 to $ 100,000 annually to mitigate that risk .
Or take another example : airport security .
Assume that all the new airport security measures increase the waiting time at airports by — and I ’m making this up — 30 minutes per passenger .
There were 760 million passenger boardings in the United States in 2007 .
This means that the extra waiting time at airports has cost us a collective 43,000 years of extra waiting time .
Assume a 70 - year life expectancy , and the increased waiting time has “ killed ” 620 people per year — 930 if you calculate the numbers based on 16 hours of awake time per day .
So the question is :
If we did away with increased airport security , would the result be more people dead from terrorism or fewer ?
This kind of thing is why most ROI models you get from security vendors are nonsense .
Of course their model demonstrates that their product or service makes financial sense :
They ’ve jiggered the numbers so that they do .
This does n’t mean that ALE is useless , but it does mean you should 1 ) mistrust any analyses that come from people with an agenda and 2 ) use any results as a general guideline only .
So when you get an ROI model from your vendor , take its framework and plug in your own numbers .
Do n’t even show the vendor your improvements ; it wo n’t consider any changes that make its product or service less cost - effective to be an “ improvement . ”
And use those results as a general guide , along with risk management and compliance analyses , when you ’re deciding what security products and services to buy .
Articles :
http://communities.intel.com/openport/s/it/2008/…
http://communities.intel.com/openport/s/it/2007/…
https://buildsecurityin.us-cert.gov/daisy/bsi/…
http://taosecurity.blogspot.com/2007/07/…
http://www.bloginfosec.com/2007/07/13/…
http://.vorant.com/2007/07/…
http://taosecurity.blogspot.com/2007/07/…
http://chuvakin.blogspot.com/2007/07/…
http://taosecurity.blogspot.com/2007/07/…
http://www.pcis.com/web/vvblog.nsf/dx/…
An example to laugh at :
http://www.postini.com/services/roi_calculator.html
This essay previously appeared in CSO Magazine .
http://www.csoonline.com/article/446866/…
Premier Election Solutions , formerly called Diebold Election Systems , has finally admitted that a ten - year - old error has caused votes to be dropped .
It ’s unclear if this error is random or systematic .
If it ’s random — a small percentage of all votes are dropped — then it is highly unlikely that this affected the outcome of any election .
If it ’s systematic — a small percentage of votes for a particular candidate are dropped — then it is much more problematic .
Ohio is trying to sue .
In other news , election officials sometimes take voting machines home for the night .
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2008/…
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/08/26/…
http://www.engadget.com/2008/08/23/…
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/the-trail/2008/08/…
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/election2008/story/…
http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/08/19/…
My 2004 essay on election technology :
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0411.html#1
The provisional , 8,000 - man Cyber Command has been ordered to stop all activities , just weeks before it was supposed to be declared operational .
http://.wired.com/defense/2008/08/…
The continuing cheapening of the word “ terrorism . ”
Illegally diverting water is terrorism :
http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/08/15/…
Anonymously threatening people with messages on playing cards , like the Joker in The Dark Knight , is terrorism :
http://www.wsls.com/sls/news/local/new_river_valley/…
Walking on a bicycle path is terrorism :
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/…
I ’ve written about this sort of thing before :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/04/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/07/…
Cyberattack against Georgia preceded real attack :
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/13/technology/…
Adi Shamir gave an invited talk at the Crypto 2008 conference about a new type of cryptanalytic attack called “ cube attacks . ”
He claims very broad applicability to block ciphers , stream ciphers , hash functions , etc .
In general , anything that can be described with a low - degree polynomial equation is vulnerable : that ’s pretty much every LFSR scheme .
The attack does n’t apply to any block cipher — DES , AES , Blowfish , Twofish , anything else — in common use ; their degree is much too high .
( The paper was rejected from Asiacrypt , demonstrating yet again that the conference review process is broken .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/08/…
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/08/26/…
http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/…
http://groups.google.com/group/sci.crypt/msg/…
http://www.mail-archive.com/…
http://www.mail-archive.com/…
Paper is online :
http://eprint.iacr.org/2008/385
A security assessment of the Internet Protocol :
http://www.cpni.gov.uk/Docs/InternetProtocol.pdf
Nice article on personal surveillance from the London Review of Books .
http://www.lrb.co.uk/v30/n16/soar01_.html
Ah , the TSA .
They break planes :
http://www.aero-news.net/index.cfm?…
Then they try to blame someone else :
http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/story?…
They harass innocents , and it ’s easy to sneak by them :
http://edition.cnn.com/2008/US/08/19/tsa.watch.list/…
How to sneak lock picks past the TSA :
http://www.i-hacked.com/content/view/267/48
Here ’s some good TSA news : “ A federal appeals court ruled this week that individuals who are blocked from commercial flights by the federal no - fly list can challenge their detention in federal court . ”
http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/…
MI5 on terrorist profiling : there is no profile .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2008/aug/20/…
Interesting paper — “ Challenges and Directions for Monitoring P2P File Sharing Networks or Why My Printer Received a DMCA Takedown Notice ” :
http://dmca.cs.washington.edu/dmca_hotsec08.pdf
http://dmca.cs.washington.edu/
Red light cameras do n’t work : the solution to one problem causes another :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/08/…
How to doctor photographs without Photoshop : it ’s all about the captions .
http://morris.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/08/11/…
Laptops aboard the International Space Station have been infected with the W32 . Gammima .
AG worm .
And it ’s not the first time this sort of thing has happened .
http://www.spaceref.com/news/viewnews.html?id=1305
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7583805.stm
An airplane was forced to land when one of the passengers had an extreme allergic reaction to a jar of mushroom soup that was leaking the cabin .
See , the TSA told you that liquids were dangerous .
http://www.examiner.ie/breaking/ireland/mhqlojkfidql/
Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) attacks are serious stuff .
It ’s a man - in - the - middle attack .
“ The Internet ’s Biggest Security Hole ” ( the title of that first link ) has been that interior relays have always been trusted even though they are not trustworthy .
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://www.doxpara.com/?p=1231
A British bank bans a man ’s password :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/hereford/…
Voting machine comic .
You know your industry has problems when mainstream comic strips make fun of you .
http://www.mycomicspage.com/features/68/…
Software to facilitate retail tax fraud :
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/30/technology/…
Here ’s how to suck data off cell phones .
Moral : do n’t give someone your phone unless you trust him .
http://news.cnet.com/8301-1009_3-10028589-83.html
http://www.physorg.com/news139460365.html
Throughout history , many diaries have been written in code .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/today/hi/today/newsid_7586000/…
Here ’s a new paper on the perception and reality of privacy policies : “ What Californians Understand About Privacy Online , ” by Chris Jay Hoofnagle and Jennifer King .
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?…
Using shredded checks as packaging material seems like a really dumb idea .
http://consumerist.com/5040975/…
Bumblebees making security trade - offs :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/7596808.stm
Identifying people using gait analysis , from overhead camera and even from satellite :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/09/…
http://technology.newscientist.com/channel/tech/…
The Rock Phish Gang is improving its fraud software :
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/09/05/…
http://www.rsa.com/blog/_entry.aspx?id=1338
On 60 Minutes , in an interview with Scott Pelley , reporter Bob Woodward claimed that the U.S. military has a new secret technique that ’s so revolutionary , it ’s on par with the tank and the airplane .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/09/…
A Mythbusters episode on RFID security was killed by lawyers under pressure from the credit card industry .
Or maybe not ; the person who started this rumor has retracted his comments .
Or maybe those same lawyers made him retract his comments .
Do n’t they know that security by gag order never works , except temporarily ?
http://www.tomshardware.com/news/…
http://news.cnet.com/8301-13772_3-10030509-52.html
http://consumerist.com/5043831/…
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-St_ltH90Oc
Good essay on DNA matching and the birthday paradox :
http://freakonomics.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/08/19/…
Turning off fire hydrants in the name of terrorism :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/09/…
“ The terrifying cost of feeling safer , ” from the Sydney Morning Herald :
http://business.smh.com.au/business/…
The Doghouse : Tornado Plus Encrypted USB Drive
http://s.techrepublic.com.com/security/?…
NSA snooping on cell phone calls without a warrant .
http://news.cnet.com/8301-13739_3-10030134-46.html
The UK Ministry of Defense loses a memory stick with military secrets on it .
It ’s not the first time this has happened .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/cornwall/…
I ’ve written about this general problem before : we ’re storing ever more data in ever smaller devices .
http://www.schneier.com/essay-105.html
The solution ?
Encrypt them .
http://www.schneier.com/essay-199.html
In eerily similar cases in the Netherlands and the United States , courts have recently grappled with the computer - security norm of “ full disclosure , ” asking whether researchers should be permitted to disclose details of a fare - card vulnerability that allows people to ride the subway for free .
The “ Oyster card ” used on the London Tube was at issue in the Dutch case , and a similar fare card used on the Boston “ T ” was the center of the U.S. case .
The Dutch court got it right , and the American court , in Boston , got it wrong from the start — despite facing an open - and - shut case of First Amendment prior restraint .
The U.S. court has since seen the error of its ways — but the damage is done .
The MIT security researchers who were prepared to discuss their Boston findings at the DefCon security conference were prevented from giving their talk .
The ethics of full disclosure are intimately familiar to those of us in the computer - security field .
Before full disclosure became the norm , researchers would quietly disclose vulnerabilities to the vendors — who would routinely ignore them .
Sometimes vendors would even threaten researchers with legal action if they disclosed the vulnerabilities .
Later on , researchers started disclosing the existence of a vulnerability but not the details .
Vendors responded by denying the security holes ’ existence , or calling them just theoretical .
It was n’t until full disclosure became the norm that vendors began consistently fixing vulnerabilities quickly .
Now that vendors routinely patch vulnerabilities , researchers generally give them advance notice to allow them to patch their systems before the vulnerability is published .
But even with this “ responsible disclosure ” protocol , it ’s the threat of disclosure that motivates them to patch their systems .
Full disclosure is the mechanism by which computer security improves .
Outside of computer security , secrecy is much more the norm .
Some security communities , like locksmiths , behave much like medieval guilds , divulging the secrets of their profession only to those within it .
These communities hate open research , and have responded with surprising vitriol to researchers who have found serious vulnerabilities in bicycle locks , combination safes , master - key systems , and many other security devices .
Researchers have received a similar reaction from other communities more used to secrecy than openness .
Researchers — sometimes young students — who discovered and published flaws in copyright - protection schemes , voting - machine security and now wireless access cards have all suffered recriminations and sometimes lawsuits for not keeping the vulnerabilities secret .
When Christopher Soghoian created a website allowing people to print fake airline boarding passes , he got several unpleasant visits from the FBI .
This preference for secrecy comes from confusing a vulnerability with information * about * that vulnerability .
Using secrecy as a security measure is fundamentally fragile .
It assumes that the bad guys do n’t do their own security research .
It assumes that no one else will find the same vulnerability .
It assumes that information wo n’t leak out even if the research results are suppressed .
These assumptions are all incorrect .
The problem is n’t the researchers ; it ’s the products themselves .
Companies will only design security as good as what their customers know to ask for .
Full disclosure helps customers evaluate the security of the products they buy , and educates them in how to ask for better security .
The Dutch court got it exactly right when it wrote : “ Damage to NXP is not the result of the publication of the article but of the production and sale of a chip that appears to have shortcomings . ”
In a world of forced secrecy , vendors make inflated claims about their products , vulnerabilities do n’t get fixed , and customers are no wiser .
Security research is stifled , and security technology does n’t improve .
The only beneficiaries are the bad guys .
If you ’ll forgive the analogy , the ethics of full disclosure parallel the ethics of not paying kidnapping ransoms .
We all know why we do n’t pay kidnappers :
It encourages more kidnappings .
Yet in every kidnapping case , there ’s someone — a spouse , a parent , an employer — with a good reason why , in this one case , we should make an exception .
The reason we want researchers to publish vulnerabilities is because that ’s how security improves .
But in every case there ’s someone — the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority , the locksmiths , an election machine manufacturer — who argues that , in this one case , we should make an exception .
We should n’t .
The benefits of responsibly publishing attacks greatly outweigh the potential harm .
Disclosure encourages companies to build security properly rather than relying on shoddy design and secrecy , and discourages them from promising security based on their ability to threaten researchers .
It ’s how we learn about security , and how we improve future security .
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
London ’s Oyster Card :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-229.html
http://zoeken.rechtspraak.nl/resultpage.aspx?…
Boston ’s fare card :
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?…
Full disclosure :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-146.html
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0111.html#1
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/MBTA_v_Anderson/…
Locks and full disclosure :
http://news.cnet.com/8301-1009_3-10002138-83.html?…
http://www.slate.com/id/2195862/
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/…
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0302.html#1
http://www.crypto.com/papers/kiss.html
http://www.crypto.com/papers/flattery.html
http://www.wired.com/culture/lifestyle/news/2004/09/…
http://www.crypto.com/papers/safelocks.pdf
http://www.crypto.com/masterkey.html
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/08/…
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lock_bumping
Other reactions to full disclosure :
http://compsci.ca//…
http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=1265
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/11/…
Secrecy and security :
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0205.html#1
Matt Blaze has a good comment on the topic .
http://www.crypto.com//…
This essay previously appeared on Wired.com .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/commentary/…
Cory Doctorow wanted a secret decoder wedding ring , and he asked me to help design it .
I wanted something more than the standard secret decoder ring , so this is what I asked for : “ I want each wheel to be the alphabet , with each letter having either a dot above , a dot below , or no dot at all .
The first wheel should have alternating above , none , below .
The second wheel should be the repeating sequence of above , above , none , none , below , below .
The third wheel should be the repeating sequence of above , above , above , none , none , none , below , below , below . ”
( I know it sounds confusing , but look at the chart . )
So that ’s what he asked for , and that ’s what got .
And now it ’s time to create some cryptographic applications for the rings .
Cory and I are holding an open contest for the cleverest application .
I do n’t think we can invent any encryption algorithms that will survive computer analysis — there ’s just not enough entropy in the system — but we can come up with some clever pencil - and - paper ciphers that will serve them well if they ’re ever stuck back in time .
And there are certainly other cryptographic uses for the rings .
Here ’s a way to use the rings as a password mnemonic :
First , choose a two - letter key .
Align the three wheels according to the key .
For example , if the key is “ EB ” for eBay , align the three wheels AEB .
Take the common password “ PASSWORD ” and encrypt it .
For each letter , find it on the top wheel .
Count one letter to the left if there is a dot over the letter , and one letter to the right if there is a dot under it .
Take that new letter and look at the letter below it ( in the middle wheel ) .
Count two letters to the left if there is a dot over it , and two letters to the right if there is a dot under it .
Take that new letter ( in the middle wheel ) , and look at the letter below it ( in the lower wheel ) .
Count three letters to the left if there is a dot over it , and three letters to the right if there is a dot under it .
That ’s your encrypted letter .
Do that with every letter to get your password .
“ PASSWORD ” and the key “ EB ” becomes “ NXPPVVOF . ”
It ’s not very good ; can anyone see why ?
( Ignore for now whether or not publishing this on a blog makes it no longer secure . )
How can I do that better ?
What else can we do with the rings ?
Can we incorporate other elements — a deck of playing cards as in Solitaire , different - sized coins to make the system more secure ?
Post your contest entries as comments to Cory ’s blog post or send them to cryptocontest@craphound.com .
Deadline is October 1st .
Good luck , and have fun with this .
Decoder rings :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secret_decoder_ring
Chart and photo :
http://www.flickr.com/photos/doctorow/2816467273/
http://www.flickr.com/photos/doctorow/2817314740/
Solitaire :
http://www.schneier.com/solitaire.html
Entries :
http://www.boingboing.net/2008/09/05/…
mailto:cryptocontest@craphound.com
Schneier will be speaking at the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting of the New Champions , in Tianjin , China on 27 September .
http://www.weforum.org/en/events/…
The TSA is tightening its photo ID rules at airport security .
Previously , people with expired IDs or who claimed to have lost their IDs were subjected to secondary screening .
Then the Transportation Security Administration realized that meant someone on the government ’s no-fly list — the list that is supposed to keep our planes safe from terrorists — could just fly with no ID .
Now , people without ID must also answer personal questions from their credit history to ascertain their identity .
The TSA will keep records of who those ID - less people are , too , in case they ’re trying to probe the system .
This may seem like an improvement , except that the photo ID requirement is a joke .
Anyone on the no-fly list can easily fly whenever he wants .
Even worse , the whole concept of matching passenger names against a list of bad guys has negligible security value .
How to fly , even if you are on the no-fly list :
Buy a ticket in some innocent person ’s name .
At home , before your flight , check in online and print out your boarding pass .
Then , save that web page as a PDF and use Adobe Acrobat to change the name on the boarding pass to your own .
Print it again .
At the airport , use the fake boarding pass and your valid ID to get through security .
At the gate , use the real boarding pass in the fake name to board your flight .
The problem is that it is unverified passenger names that get checked against the no-fly list .
At security checkpoints , the TSA just matches IDs to whatever is printed on the boarding passes .
The airline checks boarding passes against tickets when people board the plane .
But because no one checks ticketed names against IDs , the security breaks down .
This vulnerability is n’t new .
It is n’t even subtle .
I wrote about it in 2003 , and again in 2006 .
I asked Kip Hawley , who runs the TSA , about it in 2007 .
Today , any terrorist smart enough to Google “ print your own boarding pass ” can bypass the no-fly list .
This gaping security hole would bother me more if the very idea of a no - fly list were n’t so ineffective .
The system is based on the faulty notion that the feds have this master list of terrorists , and all we have to do is keep the people on the list off the planes .
That ’s just not true .
The no -fly list — a list of people so dangerous they are not allowed to fly yet so innocent we ca n’t arrest them — and the less dangerous “ watch list ” contain a combined 1 million names representing the identities and aliases of an estimated 400,000 people .
There are n’t that many terrorists out there ; if there were , we would be feeling their effects .
Almost all of the people stopped by the no-fly list are false positives .
It catches innocents such as Ted Kennedy , whose name is similar to someone ’s on the list , and Yusuf Islam ( formerly Cat Stevens ) , who was on the list but no one knew why .
The no-fly list is a Kafkaesque nightmare for the thousands of innocent Americans who are harassed and detained every time they fly .
Put on the list by unidentified government officials , they ca n’t get off .
They ca n’t challenge the TSA about their status or prove their innocence .
( The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals decided this month that no -fly passengers can sue the FBI , but that strategy has n’t been tried yet . )
But even if these lists were complete and accurate , they would n’t work .
Timothy McVeigh , the Unabomber , the D.C. snipers , the London subway bombers and most of the 9/11 terrorists were n’t on any list before they committed their terrorist acts .
And if a terrorist wants to know if he’s on a list , the TSA has approved a convenient , $ 100 service that allows him to figure it out : the Clear program , which issues IDs to “ trusted travelers ” to speed them through security lines .
Just apply for a Clear card ; if you get one , you ’re not on the list .
In the end , the photo ID requirement is based on the myth that we can somehow correlate identity with intent .
We can’t .
And instead of wasting money trying , we would be far safer as a nation if we invested in intelligence , investigation and emergency response — security measures that are n’t based on a guess about a terrorist target or tactic .
That ’s the TSA : Not doing the right things .
Not even doing right the things it does .
My previous articles on the subject :
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0308.html#6
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/11/…
http://www.schneier.com/interview-hawley.html
This article originally appeared in the L.A. Times :
http://www.latimes.com/news/opinion/…
Contrary to popular belief , homicide due to mental illness is declining , at least in England and Wales : “ The rate of total homicide and the rate of homicide due to mental disorder rose steadily until the mid-1970s .
From then there was a reversal in the rate of homicides attributed to mental disorder , which declined to historically low levels , while other homicides continued to rise . ”
Remember this the next time you read a newspaper article about how scared everyone is because some patients escaped from a mental institution :
“ We are convinced by the media that people with serious mental illnesses make a significant contribution to murders , and we formulate our approach as a society to tens of thousands of people on the basis of the actions of about 20 .
Once again , the decisions we make , the attitudes we have , and the prejudices we express are all entirely rational , when analysed in terms of the flawed information we are fed , only half chewed , from the mouths of morons . ”
Articles :
http://bjp.rcpsych.org/cgi/content/abstract/193/2/130
http://www.badscience.net/2008/08/…
Paper and press release :
http://www.scribd.com/doc/4805076/…
http://www.rcpsych.ac.uk/pressparliament/…
We spend far more effort defending our countries against specific movie - plot threats , rather than the real , broad threats .
In the US during the months after the 9/11 attacks , we feared terrorists with scuba gear , terrorists with crop dusters and terrorists contaminating our milk supply .
Both the UK and the US fear terrorists with small bottles of liquid .
Our imaginations run wild with vivid specific threats .
Before long , we ’re envisioning an entire movie plot , without Bruce Willis saving the day .
And we ’re scared .
It ’s not just terrorism ; it ’s any rare risk in the news .
The big fear in Canada right now , following a particularly gruesome incident , is random decapitations on intercity buses .
In the US , fears of school shootings are much greater than the actual risks .
In the UK , it ’s child predators .
And people all over the world mistakenly fear flying more than driving .
But the very definition of news is something that hardly ever happens .
If an incident is in the news , we should n’t worry about it .
It ’s when something is so common that its no longer news — car crashes , domestic violence — that we should worry .
But that ’s not the way people think .
Psychologically , this makes sense .
We are a species of storytellers .
We have good imaginations and we respond more emotionally to stories than to data .
We also judge the probability of something by how easy it is to imagine , so stories that are in the news feel more probable — and ominous — than stories that are not .
As a result , we overreact to the rare risks we hear stories about , and fear specific plots more than general threats .
The problem with building security around specific targets and tactics is that its only effective if we happen to guess the plot correctly .
If we spend billions defending the Underground and terrorists bomb a school instead , we ’ve wasted our money .
If we focus on the World Cup and terrorists attack Wimbledon , we ’ve wasted our money .
It ’s this fetish - like focus on tactics that results in the security follies at airports .
We ban guns and knives , and terrorists use box -cutters .
We take away box - cutters and corkscrews , so they put explosives in their shoes .
We screen shoes , so they use liquids .
We take away liquids , and they ’re going to do something else .
Or they ’ll ignore airplanes entirely and attack a school , church , theatre , stadium , shopping mall , airport terminal outside the security area , or any of the other places where people pack together tightly .
These are stupid games , so let ’s stop playing .
Some high - profile targets deserve special attention and some tactics are worse than others .
Airplanes are particularly important targets because they are national symbols and because a small bomb can kill everyone aboard .
Seats of government are also symbolic , and therefore attractive , targets .
But targets and tactics are interchangeable .
The following three things are true about terrorism .
One , the number of potential terrorist targets is infinite .
Two , the odds of the terrorists going after any one target is zero .
And three , the cost to the terrorist of switching targets is zero .
We need to defend against the broad threat of terrorism , not against specific movie plots .
Security is most effective when it does n’t require us to guess .
We need to focus resources on intelligence and investigation : identifying terrorists , cutting off their funding and stopping them regardless of what their plans are .
We need to focus resources on emergency response : lessening the impact of a terrorist attack , regardless of what it is .
And we need to face the geopolitical consequences of our foreign policy .
In 2006 , UK police arrested the liquid bombers not through diligent airport security , but through intelligence and investigation .
It did n’t matter what the bombers ’ target was .
It did n’t matter what their tactic was .
They would have been arrested regardless .
That ’s smart security .
Now we confiscate liquids at airports , just in case another group happens to attack the exact same target in exactly the same way .
That ’s just illogical .
This essay originally appeared in The Guardian .
Nothing I have n’t already said elsewhere .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2008/sep/04/…
There are hundreds of comments — many of them interesting — on these topics on my blog .
Search for the story you want to comment on , and join in .
http://www.schneier.com/
Since 1998 , CRYPTO - GRAM has been a free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
You can subscribe , unsubscribe , or change your address on the Web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
Back issues are also available at that URL .
Please feel free to forward CRYPTO - GRAM , in whole or in part , to colleagues and friends who will find it valuable .
Permission is also granted to reprint CRYPTO - GRAM , as long as it is reprinted in its entirety .
CRYPTO -GRAM is written by Bruce Schneier .
Schneier is the author of the best sellers “ Beyond Fear , ” “ Secrets and Lies , ” and “ Applied Cryptography , ” and an inventor of the Blowfish and Twofish algorithms .
He is the Chief Security Technology Officer of BT ( BT acquired Counterpane in 2006 ) , and is on the Board of Directors of the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) .
He is a frequent writer and lecturer on security topics .
See < http://www.schneier.com>.
Crypto-Gram is a personal newsletter .
Opinions expressed are not necessarily those of BT .
Copyright ( c ) 2008 by Bruce Schneier .
WASILLA , Alaska -- Sarah Palin and John Bitney go way back .
They were in the same junior - high band class .
Mr. Bitney was a key aide in Gov. Palin 's 2006 gubernatorial campaign .
When she took office , she gave Mr. Bitney a job as her legislative director , and a few months later stood beside him at a news conference and praised his work .
" Whatever ...
Midhat Mursi al - Sayid Umar has been reported killed before Reports from Pakistan say a leading al - Qaeda chemical weapons expert , Midhat Mursi al - Sayid Umar , has been killed in a missile strike .
Taleban officials in the tribal area of South Waziristan confirmed to the BBC that he was killed in a missile strike that left at least six people dead .
The US , which has a reward of $ 5 m on his head , said it had no information .
He was wrongly reported to have been killed in 2006 in a strike aimed at al - Qaeda deputy head Ayman al - Zawahiri .
US trip
The pre-dawn strike targeted a house near a mosque in the village of Azam Warsak , 20 km ( 12 miles ) west of the main town in South Waziristan , Wana .
It was suspected to be a strike by US forces , with residents saying they had heard US drones , but this has not been confirmed .
Pakistani military spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas told the AFP news agency it was still awaiting " authentic information " from the area .
Midhat Mursi al - Sayid Umar , 55 , also known as Abu Khabab al - Masri , is an Egyptian national .
The US government 's Rewards for Justice website says he is " an explosives expert and poisons trainer working on behalf of al - Qaeda " .
It says he trained hundreds of militants in chemical and explosives operations at a camp at Derunta in Afghanistan .
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad says the militant was considered part of Osama Bin Laden 's inner circle and was said to be in charge of efforts to gain access to , or develop , weapons of mass destruction .
Local residents said the house targeted belonged to a local tribesman and suspected militants used to stay there .
The US is reported to have carried out a number of drone missile attacks in the tribal regions .
Pakistan has complained the attacks could damage bilateral relations .
The latest strike came shortly before Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was due to meet US President George W Bush in Washington .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said she had no information about the incident .
In recent months the US and its allies have pledged hundreds of millions of dollars in military and other forms of assistance to help Pakistan 's new government tackle militancy in border tribal areas .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
It seems that this year ’s Electronic Entertainment Expo will be very interesting , as it will be the first time when the event gates will be open to the gaming public .
Bethesda has already revealed its invites for the upcoming event and from the look of it , the game developing company might finally reveal some information regarding the upcoming “ The Elder Scrolls 6 ” .
Pete Hines , the vice president of Bethesda Softworks , said on his Twitter account that the invites have gone out for the Bethesda E3 Showcase .
At the same time , he said that the fans should stay tuned for their chance to win tickets to join the Bethesdaland on Sunday , June 11 .
The inviting layout was designed like an amusement park , where the major attractions were referenced to the company ’s well known and recently released games .
However , some of these attractions were “ under construction , ” meaning that the company will probably reveal some information about some upcoming games , such as “ The Elder Scrolls 6 . ”
We remind you that Bethesda has already confirmed that “ The Elder Scrolls 5 Skyrim ” is coming to Nintendo Switch and that it is working on Fallout 4 to make it playable in VR .
In other words , the game developing company is pretty busy right now , which makes us wonder if it had enough time to work on “ The Elder Scrolls 6 ” and if it will reveal any information about it .
There are also reports saying that Bethesda will actually announce “ The Evil Within 2 ” instead of “ The Elder Scrolls 6 . ”
Hopefully , the game developing company will soon give us more hints about what it will bring on the E3 2017 event .
Do you think that Bethesda will announce the “ The Elder Scrolls 6 ” during E3 2017 ?
What other games would you like to see being announced during this event ?
It is easy to see that red is closer to pink than to blue , but odors are harder to compare :
Do almonds smell more like roses or bananas ?
According to a “ smell map ” created by researchers at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel , almonds smell like roses — and the two scents elicit similar neural activity .
Led by neurobiologist Rafi Haddad , the team identified 40 defining characteristics for odors , such as molecular shape and structure , then translated the resulting profiles of 450 scents into locations on a multidimensional map , as described in a May paper in Nature Methods .
In the same way that similar colors are closer together on a rainbow , similar smells are located near one another in the 32 - dimensional mathematical model .
A scent ’s location on the map also predicts the brain activity caused by getting a whiff : previous research in a variety of animals such as fruit flies , honeybees , mice , rats and tadpoles showed that neighboring odors cause similar patterns of neuron activity .
Based on these patterns , the researchers were able to accurately predict the neural signature of formerly untested scents .
The findings could help illuminate the laws that underlie our sense of smell , which are largely unknown and difficult to study , according to Haddad .
The smell map might also aid in the study and prediction of animal behavior by illuminating which scents an animal considers good or bad .
Editor 's Note :
This story was originally printed with the title " Smell Similarity "
It could be said that the GPL came into existence to prevent strip mining of open source , which can be interpreted as the appropriation of free software code for proprietary gain with no intention of feeding code changes back to the community .
The part of the GPL licensing framework that achieves this is known to its friends as copyleft , and is represented by its enemies as " the viral nature of the GPL " , and has been a major factor in the success of free software .
More contentiously Fleury claimed that " IBM reacted negatively to the Sun announcement " that Java would be released under the GPL " because IBM 's approach to open source is what we call ' strip mining ' , which is to let the open source community do things - then IBM comes and packages them , and adds proprietary code , and markets the result - witness WebSphere - so they have this dual strategy of proprietary products and low - end open source . "
Marc Fleury , who created the successful " professional open source " software company , JBoss , is also an advocate of " free software " licensing .
Speaking at the time of Sun 's decision to release Java under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , he said : " The GPL is the best of both worlds because , Stallman 's political convictions aside , the GPL creates a very strong notion of ' intellectual property ' " , an assessment that Richard Stallman , the creator of the GPL , would have balked at , " and at the same time , Sun can still monetize their virtual machine with dual licensing . "
A subtext for this assertion is the spat that Stallman had with James Gosling , the creator of Java , back in the 1980s .
The first GNU software was GNU Emacs , which first appeared in 1985 , written by Stallman , but incorporating some code taken from Gosling 's rewrite of Stallman 's original MIT Emacs , in C for Unix .
Gosling initially allowed free distribution of the source code to which others had contributed , but as Stallman tells it : " He stabbed everyone in the back by putting copyrights on it , making people promise not to redistribute it , and then selling it to a software - house . "
Stallman was hurt by this betrayal , and was to say of Gosling ; " My later dealings with him personally showed that he was every bit as cowardly and despicable as you would expect from that history . "
Stallman 's response over time was the GPL , which he devised as a means of protecting the freedom of software , and preventing its misappropriation by third parties .
GPL 'd code can not be inverted , diverted or revert to proprietary ends , which may be frustrating to some but has ensured community and growth for many free software projects .
" The only reason we have a wholly free operating system " , Stallman has said , " is because of the movement that said we want an operating system that is wholly free , not 90 per cent free .
If you do n't have freedom as a principle , you can never see a reason not to make an exception .
There are constantly going to be times when for one reason or another there 's some practical convenience in making an exception . "
The more traditional " open source " licenses have a more permissive relationship with the code .
Third parties can take the code , repackage and ( in some cases ) relicense it , and pass it on in any form they wish without any obligation to feed code changes back to the community .
This has some benefits and many drawbacks , the greatest of which is that the code of contributors can be exploited without attribution or feedback , and code is subsequently forked .
Dipping into the waters
Approaches to " open source " software by the major players in the computer industry have taken different courses because of the different gains to be had from re-using free software code , and the scope of the respective open source and free software licenses .
Apple uses open source FreeBSD as the base for OS X because it has gained a mature Unix operating system which would have been prohibitively expensive to develop from scratch .
Apple has no obligation to release source code or changes back to the community because the license says that this is so , and markets OS X as an Apple product .
It could be argued that the community loses as a result , and that the subsequent fracturing of the code base is one of the reasons that BSD Unix has never captured the imagination of developers and users in the same way that GNU / Linux has .
Hank Paulson has got to be kidding .
He wants American taxpayers to hand a cool $ US700 billion ( $ 840 billion ) to his pals on Wall Street in return for a gigantic bundle of their delinquent assets ... without his pals taking a pay cut .
Could there be a finer reward for failure ?
Could there be a worse deal for taxpayers ?
No stake in the upside , no ceiling on extortionate Wall Street salaries , no guarantee the system will be stabilised .
Just the mother of all rip - offs : a deal to privatise Wall Street 's profits and socialise its losses .
How about this bit : " Decisions by the ( Treasury ) Secretary ( Paulson ) pursuant to the Authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to Agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency ' ' .
Paulson and his pals get an explicit protection against any review by the courts and Congress while taxpayers fork out top dollar for rubbish the banks can't sell .
It is the quintessential dudding .
If the Paulson " cash for trash ' ' plan could avert systemic failure and this is by no means assured - it could have legs but Congress is jacking up at the ample " trust me '' element .
And rightly so .
There is no reason to trust Wall Street , or the regulators .
As House Democratic Speaker Nancy Pelosi put it , Congress would not " simply hand over a $ US700 billion blank cheque to Wall Street and hope for a better outcome . "
Until now Americans have been mostly apathetic when it came to the excesses of their investment banks .
But now that Main Street is being asked to bail out Wall Street , again , and in huge measure , the temperature is rising .
Congress wants a brake on salaries , some kind of guarantee that Paulson 's pals wo n't simply load up the truck with billions in bonuses again , this time funded by Ma and Pa Kettle .
The four biggest investment banks on Wall Street , which included Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , shelled out $ US30 billion in bonuses last year .
Lehman just went under and Bear Stearns was bailed out earlier in the year .
While pushing through his emergency deal , Paulson says he wants to defer the debate on salaries .
Someone should take him aside and tell him , " Pal , it 's over ' ' .
The moral and philosophical underpinning for $ US50 million salaries is gone , let alone $ US10 million salaries care of government .
These remuneration structures were struck on the basis of a compact with the market , that is that pay is " at risk ' ' and should reflect performance .
That compact is finished .
What is the risk if the losses are nationalised ?
And what is the performance ?
The fancy deals and the structured finance rubbish brewed up by this crew gave the world CDOs , CDOs squared and cubed , RMBS , CLOs , ABS , CDS and all manner of noxious excuses for a fee .
From the sub - prime to the ridiculous , this orgy of leverage on leverage mimicked in financial centres as far afield as Australia has whipped the world to the edge of recession and destroyed faith in the entire system .
And now here is another $ US1 trillion ( $ US700 billion is just for starters ) to add to Bush 's $ US9.6 trillion national debt .
Where will the money come from ?
The issue of Treasury bonds .
Who will buy them ?
Good question .
Anyone for some bonds in an entity which can't pay off its debt but has just taken a trillion dollars worth of delinquent assets on its balance sheet ?
The US dollar has been sinking thanks to the daunting prospect of a bond market deluged with bits of paper nobody wants : more US Government debt .
The more paper on issue the lower the price .
Either the US defaults on its obligations an outcome many regard as " unthinkable ' ' or taxes will have to go up .
Higher taxes , deeper recession .
Thanks Wall Street .
All this makes it critical that Paulson and his pals demonstrate to the world that they understand the jig is up .
The world changes .
People and pay are central to this understanding .
Industrialists or entrepreneurs with their own businesses can pay whatever they like but the failed managers of licensed institutions on corporate welfare can hardly expect a blank cheque from those they have blown up .
The contract is finished .
Wall Street has not fulfilled its obligations .
As Paulson tries to shove his plan through in the face of congressional opposition the rewards for failure have already shamed the principal of pay for performance .
Fannie Mae boss Daniel Mudd and his opposite number at Freddie Mac , Richard Syron , walked last month with $ US9.43 million in retirement and pension benefits on their way out the door .
Failed , sacked and showered with money as their two giant mortgage operations were nationalised .
Lehman Brothers chairman and CEO Richard Fuld picked up $ US22 million for 2007 , the year thousands of his staff found themselves on the street .
He took $ US35 million the year before .
Merrill Lynch boss John
Thain took a $ US200 million payout with two offsiders for less than a year 's work .
Merrill was so close to obsolescence it sold itself to Bank of America for $ US50 billion in scrip few days ago just as Lehman was biting the dust .
Thain was given a $ US15 million bonus for signing on .
Two former Goldman Sachs executives hired by Thain may do even better .
Head of global trading , Thomas Montag , has already received a $ US39 million bonus since signing on in August .
With stock options accelerated by the buyout , he could finish up with $ US76 million .
The bank 's head of strategy , Peter Kraus , was bestowed with a $ US95 million package just to beat what he was on at Goldman .
Paulson himself has shares in Goldman whose value was estimated at $ US700 million .
He is a direct beneficiary of his own bail - out proposal blind trust or no blind trust .
On the positive news front , the former head of broken insurance company AIG , Robert Willumstad , voluntarily forfeited a $ US22 million severance package after he was giving his marching orders .
He was only appointed in June .
" I prefer not to receive severance while shareholders and employees have lost considerable value in their AIG shares , " wrote Willumstad in an email to his successor Edward Liddy .
Goldman boss Lloyd Blanfein took home $ US54 million last year and Morgan Stanley 's John Mack $ US42 million .
The list goes on .
Some of the investment bank 's hedge funds clients have even been paying themselves more than $ US1 billion .
Regulatory oversight and the ramifications of Bush 's tax - cuts - for - the - rich policy alongside his catastrophic jaunt in Iraq have come home to roost .
On top of its $ US9.6 trillion national debt , America is heading for its first $ US1 trillion deficit this year .
Paulson 's bailout will add another $ US1 trillion to the bill .
America is in trouble .
Loading
mwest@fairfax.com.au
BusinessDay
With the market swooning yesterday , Sens. McCain and Obama promised to shake things up .
McCain pledged to " put an end to running Wall Street like a casino . "
This morning 's New York Times probed the candidates ' actual records .
It concludes that McCain " has never departed in any major way from his party 's embrace of deregulation . "
Indeed , the Times says , McCain " has no history prior to the presidential campaign of advocating steps to tighten standards on investment firms . "
A decade ago McCain pushed unsuccessfully for a moratorium on all federal regulations .
Asked about that by the Wall Street Journal this spring , McCain said , " I 'm always for less regulation .
But I am aware of the view that there is a need for government oversight . "
McCain added that given the subprime scandal , more regulations might ultimately be appropriate but , " I am fundamentally a deregulator .
I 'd like to see a lot of the unnecessary government regulations eliminated , not just a moratorium . "
The Times also points out that among McCain 's top economic advisers are " two outspoken advocates of free market approaches , former Senator Phil Gramm and Alan Greenspan , " the former chief of the Fed .
As we noted yesterday , Gramm authored a bill in 2000 that essentially stopped the government from regulating the derivatives and other fancy investments that have fueled the current crisis .
( A story this summer in Mother Jones is one of the only stories we 've seen that probed the bill and its implications . )
In terms of Obama , with only a short time in the Senate , he 's yet to develop much of a record either way on regulating the markets .
( Obama did sponsor a bill that would increase penalties for mortgage fraud and increase oversight in the industry . )
So what are the candidates proposing moving forward ?
Obama has a six - point plan he unveiled this spring that calls for , as the Times puts it , " regulating investment banks , mortgage brokers and hedge funds much as commercial banks are . "
Meanwhile , McCain has offered few specifics on his pledge to " reform the way " Wall Street does business .
McClatchy notes that McCain 's Web site " contains no proposal outlining regulatory reform for Wall Street . "
When queried by the paper , the campaign sent what McClatchy calls a " broad outline of McCain 's plan , which includes strengthening disclosure in the lending process so borrowers know exactly what they are getting into and complete disclosure of all cash and non-cash compensation of corporate CEOs . "
MobaLiveCD is a freeware that will run your Linux LiveCD on Windows thanks to the excellent emulator called " Qemu " .
MobaLiveCD allows you to test your LiveCD with a single click : after downloading the ISO image file of your favorite LiveCD , you just have to start it in MobaLiveCD and here you are , without the need to burn a CD - Rom or to reboot your computer .
“ Blame is the cure , cure anything ” — Mike Doughty
Article Continues Below
Readers and conference participants know that the more I write and talk about web standards , the more I point out that they really do n’t exist .
Step back with me for a moment : we would n’t need a web standards movement if there were standards !
We continue to do the very best work we can to arrive at a standard of quality and professionalism .
Sadly , however , despite a decade or more of web standards evangelism , we face the prospect of losing whatever influence we ’ve gained these past years .
I ’m going to share some of my thoughts on the problematic and constructive influences on most folks working in web standards today .
I challenge you to counter these pros and cons as you see them , and to discuss without blame how to drive the web forward while maintaining the ideals and best practices we hold so dear .
The usual suspects #section2
Frustration can easily lead to finger pointing .
But blame , despite singer and poet Mike Doughty telling us it ’s the “ cure , cure anything , ” well , we all know blame only takes us so far .
But that does n’t mean it ’s unfair to take a realistic look at the forces on front - end development and design , particularly in relation to HTML and CSS .
This is especially true for those of us who believe that the web belongs to all of us , and not to any company , government , or other organization .
As an invited expert to the W3C , a frequent colleague and friend of many of the WHATWG folks , and after an 18 - month - long dip in the deep end of the Internet Explorer pool , I began to think a little finger - pointing was in order .
There are flaws and wrongdoings in all aspects of what we do , such as the software developed on our behalf and the technologies we ’re supposed to take from the theoretical to the practical .
So much upset generates from these issues that it makes our job one of the most misunderstood on the planet .
Circle 1 : academic and scientific — the W3C #section3
The W3C often gets the blunt end of our middle fingers when we run into problems with specifications .
I believe this is due to unclear specifications written for academics and scientists .
Accused of being the “ ivory tower ” despite its attempts in recent years to be more community - oriented , the W3C is a group of industry scientists and academics working for member companies such as IBM , Microsoft , Opera Software , and so on .
Finger pointing occurs because we as a community feel left out .
You ’re invited .
Can you afford it ?
#section4
Yes , there are invited experts who mitigate bias , but it ’s becoming increasingly difficult to bring them on board .
As an invited expert , I ’m responsible for all expenses related to the work , including long distance telephone charges , or travel expenses to the south of France for a week of intensive meetings .
These expenses can be an economic barrier that prevent independents from participating .
As a result , many working groups end up focused on the interests of member companies .
To be fair , it ’s true that the W3C only allows a set number of votes per member company per issue , but the agendas of member companies are nevertheless promoted — often successfully .
Taking their ball and going home #section5
I recently witnessed a member company representative shut down an entire line of discussion simply by saying , “ This compromises several of our patents .
We will remove ourselves from the W3C if you proceed . ”
With a history of no viable long - term economic model , the W3C cannot afford to lose members , particularly when they are mission critical to many evolving specifications .
I became very despondent witnessing this , knowing how difficult it is for the W3C to create an environment where these issues are easily dealt with .
The fact is , however , that the world — because of the web — is changing .
This means that the way we deal with intellectual property is going to have to change too .
But until that time , I ’m not sure we can really say the W3C is open , nor do I believe they are deserving of blame , per se .
W3C pros and cons#section6
Pros :
Global
Academic and scientific body
Multiple interests represented , but mostly from paid member companies
Attempting to be more open via certain teams such as the HTML5 and CSS Working Groups
and Working Groups
Attempting to appeal more to work - a - day world via redesigns , blogs , and more human - friendly language throughout the site
Cons :
Creates “ open standards ” by ideal , not necessarily fact
Incredibly slow moving in a highly evolutionary environment
Poor economic model that relies on membership monies
Discourages independents and open process
Passive : only creates specs and recommends , does not do real outreach
“ Ivory tower ” perception
Some have suggested that the W3C is obsolete , and that the real solution is to disband it .
I believe that without a very strong alternative in place , that would be disastrous : currently , the W3C is the only place where these member companies discuss and work through issues .
A new , authentic infrastructure , along with new economic models , and some way to bring in independents , could be very helpful .
In fact , on Sunday , September 14th , 2008 , a new foundation was announced to do just that .
The World Wide Web Foundation has received seed money to help the W3C and expects to have a full plan in place by 2009 .
While this is a hopeful plan , how it will play out beyond the W3C and influence the community at large wo n’t be realized for some time to come .
Circle two : revolutionary and disruptive — independent working groups #section7
A number of organizations have emerged outside the W3C due to the frustrations people feel within W3C working groups .
Two excellent examples of this are the WCAG Samurai , a closed group with undisclosed membership , and the WHATWG , an open group that works transparently .
Both groups offer an interesting response to the issues raised in the first - circle discussion : they are both revolutionary and disruptive .
Other grassroots groups , such as The Web Standards Project ( WaSP ) and the Web Standards Group ( WSG ) focus on advocacy rather than actually writing specifications .
The need for these groups is unquestionable in today ’s environment , as they perform the outreach that the W3C and the other independent groups do not .
Say WHATWG ?#section8
Because of the open rather than anonymous nature of WHATWG , I ’ll use them in our discussion since their work has already been adopted in part by the W3C and portions of HTML5 are being implemented by browser vendors .
WHATWG formed out of frustration with the W3C for refusing to evolve HTML , and because XHTML , meant to be the next generation lingua franca , has never been implemented by Internet Explorer .
A number of clever lads including Ian Hickson , Lachlan Hunt , Henri Sivonen , Anne van Kesteren , Dean Edwards , and other thought leaders , believed this was unacceptable .
They believe HTML needs to evolve semantically as well as functionally ( forms , for example ) .
WHATWG worked quickly , proving that independent organizations without funding could get things done quickly and well .
The WHATWG ’s work is now the basis for the W3 C ’s new and “ open ” HTML5 Working Group , which , to quote Dorothy Parker , is a “ fresh hell . ”
However , the WHATWG and the HTML5 Working Group continue to work separately despite sharing many resources .
Independent working group pros and cons#section9
Pros :
Revolutionary
Disruptive : demands change
No economic bias
Many views represented ( in the ideal )
Incredibly agile
Easier to create and publish independent open source specifications
Meritocracy : actions are based in passion and vision rather than profit - oriented
Cons :
Lack of clear leadership — too many cooks can spoil the proverbial soup
No economic support — volunteer - based
Too agile also can mean not enough time for research , collegial discussion with other groups ( for example , WHATWG and the Accessibility community )
and the Accessibility community )
Very high risk of being overly aggressive
Very high risk of becoming mono-cultural , led by a single person or small group with the majority of people going along with the idea because it ’s the “ right ” thing to do
Circle 3 : self interest and profiteering — proprietary technologies # section10
Adobe , Microsoft , Apple , and Google are among the most powerful businesses involved with proprietary intellectual property .
They share a less - than - cooperative information sharing philosophy as they seek to create rich platforms that will , to quote Steve Ballmer “ win ” the web .
Flex , Silverlight , and even WebKit ’s evolution often take place outside the community , with self - interest and profit as goals — not an open and flexible web .
Pros and cons of proprietary technologies # section11
Pros :
Global
Strong economic initiative
One view represented
More agile
Easier to be first to market
Easier to be innovative
Cons :
Closed
Non-communicative
Aggressive
Profit - oriented — not necessarily quality oriented
A major cog in the interoperability process
Broad latitudes #section12
So , what do we do as working designers , developers , content managers , and evangelists who seek to truly better the web in an open , interoperable way ?
We ’ve tried stuff .
WaSP , WSG , and so on .
These groups have assisted with education and outreach , and are the glue of our community .
But these groups also risk becoming irrelevant ( some already think of them that way ) since they appear to be doing nothing to solve the web ’s fundamental problems .
Should we create yet another group ?
That was my first thought , but that just adds another layer of confusion to the problem .
If we meditate instead on the pros and cons of these three circles , we may actually find the right people , identify key problems , and possibly find the way to unite rather than divide our community even further .
Tipping points #section13
The moment proprietary technologies gain a stranglehold , we slip that much farther away from web standards .
Nothing demonstrates this more than Internet Explorer .
Nothing demonstrates this more than Apple ’s bid to implement aspects of CSS3 , that have not yet been passed as recommendations , in WebKit ( potentially compromising the way the W3C can work in the future ) .
Nothing demonstrates this more than Mozilla ’s and Opera ’s inability to grow a user base beyond a certain point .
Can we solve the problem ?
I ’ve never been a fortune teller , but I am an optimist .
I believe we have amazing people in each of these circles who can come together and make things happen .
The trick is to hone in on the pros , find ways of dealing with the cons , find the people who really get stuff done , and keep the talk as open as possible .
If we overlap the circles , we find that each share commonalities to build on .
It is that center we need to strengthen — and not burden the problem with more committees at this point .
Over - bureaucratization will be the death knell for any good we ’ve caused thus far .
How do we fix the web ?
Discuss.#section14
Can we figure out how to form these three circles into some working mechanism ?
Who knows .
It will take mobilization , and it will take compromise .
Beyond that , it will take a few hours out of everyone ’s copious spare time to pay attention and participate in some way .
Write blog posts .
Comment thoughtfully on blog posts .
Gain WaSP ’s attention and get involved .
Ask to come to W3C meetings .
If we do n’t do something soon , I fear the web will become more of a commodity than a gift .
We do not have an interoperable web .
What we have is a glut of proprietary , closed , and protected stuff .
While it ’s sophisticated and interesting sometimes , it goes against the heart of what we came here to build in the first place : an accessible , interoperable web for all .
Did Sarah Palin 's nonsensical blathering to Katie Couric successfully lower the bar for her debate that all she needs to do is speak coherently to win ?
I 'm wondering if the McCain campaign does n't really mind that conservatives are leaping off the Palin bandwagon in droves .
( The piece from a female National Review columnist who used to be Palin 's biggest champion and now calls for her to drop out for the good of the country is particularly devastating .
As is a curmudgeon 's rant that if a Palin presidency " does n't scare the hell out of you , it should . " )
The McCain campaign might not even mind that her poll numbers have plummeted , with only 40 percent saying she 's prepared to be president vs. 64 percent for Joe Biden .
In fact , I believe they 've turned it into a strategy .
The fact that they leaked to a liberal radio host that Palin is shockingly unprepared is no coincidence .
It 's called strategy .
Not that the McCain folks wanted Palin to sound as unprepared and ridiculous as she has in interviews and the one time in a month she 's taken a couple questions from reporters .
But in politics , you take what you 've got and turn it into a positive .
At this point , if Palin does n't drool on stage , they 'll claim victory .
The message will be fairly similar to Karl Rove 's spinning of George W. Bush in 2000 .
What the Bush campaign essentially said was that everyone knows their guy was n't too bright .
And look , he showed up on stage in a suit and knew foreign leaders ' names .
And the other guy rudely sighed at him .
Tell me Bush is n't presidential .
They 've already given Palin the Bush treatment .
Rove took Bush 's intellectual incuriosity and inflexibility and turned it into the markings of a strong , principled leader .
Palin 's inexperience and incuriosity makes her authentic , the McCain campaign says .
She 's just like you .
You do n't know where Waziristan is , do you ?
But do n't worry .
John McCain has been there .
After Palin's Republican National Convention speech , she was the odds - on favorite to win the debate .
Joe Biden was sure to know more , but be a condescending and overbearing guy to that nice hockey mom .
The McCain campaign won a structured format to favor her .
There wo n't be free - flowing exchanges like between Obama and McCain .
The strict time periods are designed for zingers and sound bites , which are Palin 's forte .
The Obama campaign 's attempts to paint her as a skilled debater have been greeted with chuckles .
But Palin has been underestimated in debates in Alaska and won .
Why ?
Lowered expectations .
No one expects her to know as much as Biden .
But traditional debates favor talking points , which Palin can memorize , and attacks , which she lands with glee .
America might just love the comely mom of five telling off the blowhard senator .
Stick it to the man , Sarah !
Coupled with the fact that it will be viewed as a huge victory that she can just pronounce the name of Waziristan , it looks like Sarah Palin will be declared the winner just by showing up .
sumimさんの 「 Ruby1.9のクラスのメタ階層を整理する 」という記事、Rubyの型階層は雑然としているというのは、なんかsumimさんの図が悪いような気もするなぁ。整理すればもうちょっと情報を引き出せるよ。あと、モジュールのせいもある。
前提知識
Ruby は基本的には単一継承のクラスベースオブジェクト指向言語なのだけれども、幾つか注意すべき処がある。
クラス はClassクラスのインスタンスである。
モジュール 制限付きの実装多重継承をもたらす仕組み。内部的には、モジュールの「化身」となるクラスを継承階層を挟み込むことで実装されている。
以下、モジュール M に対してその化身クラスを I ( M ) と表記する。 詳しくは 以前の記事 を参照 。
特異クラス 特定のオブジェクトに専属するクラスのこと。特定のオブジェクトにだけ存在するメソッド「特異メソッド」を定義すると、内部的には特異クラスを生成してそれをクラス階層に挟み込んで表現する。
以下、オブジェクト obj に対してその特異クラスを ( obj ) と書く 。
なお、sumimさんの記事では特異クラスは #< Class :< obj >>
のように表記されている。これは特異クラスの inspect が返す文字列表現に由来する表記だが、長いので私はRHG式表記を使う。
クラスはモジュール クラスはモジュールの一種でもある。どうしてこういう設計になっているかは 別記事 参照 。
隠蔽 化身クラスや特異クラスというの はRuby内部の実装の詳細の話だ。モジュールや特異メソッドを実現するためにそういうやり方をしているという話に過ぎない。だから、これらはRubyレベルには出てこないようになっている。 ただし、特異クラスは隠蔽漏れがあって、 ( class << obj ; self end ) というイディオムで取得できる 。
詳しいことは 以前の記事 を参照 。
で、隠蔽された特異クラスや化身クラスを無理矢理取り出すために、前掲の記事のときに evil - ruby を拡張した 。
拡張した分は本家にパッチ送ったんだけど反応がないし、そもそも開発されている気配がない。そこで、今回 githubにフォーク した。
対象ソースと解 析
次のソースをRubyに読ませて、evil-rubyで解析してみた。
class Yapoo ; end class MenseMidget < Yapoo ; end rin = Yapoo .new kimiko = Yapoo .new anonymous_midget = MenseMidget .new class << anonymous_midget ;
end
sumimさんの図よりは、Rubyのクラス階層も幾分ましに見えるんでないか?
見れば分かるけれども、化身クラスは instance_of ?
Object ではない。それ以前に 、Rubyレベルでこのクラスをオブジェクトとして処理する可能性をRubyは考慮していない。だから、化身クラス周りでメソッド呼び出しをするとすぐにRubyが落ちる。どうしようもない部分はgdbで内部を覗いて補いつつなんとかして作ったのが上の図だ。
図の整理
この図をsumimさんの記事 のSmalltalkの場合の階層図に合わせて配列してみるとこうなる。
随分とすっきりした。そして、Smalltalkでは4階層になっているところ、Rubyではクラスのクラスのクラスが再び
Class のクラスに戻ってくるので2階層になっていることが分かる。言い換えると、これはメタクラスはクラスの一種であるということだ。
モジュー ル
まあ、先ほどの図には抜けている部分があって、Kernelモジュールがない。Rubyの場合はモジュール機構があるから、この2階層の他にモジュールの階層ができるわけだ。
先ほどの図にモジュールを差し込んでみると次のようになる。化身クラスは書かずに include で表してある 。
=begin
複雑になったのは、モジュールをクラス継承と一緒の面に書くから悪いんだと思う。モジュール階層はモジュール階層で別個のレイヤーをなしていて、だから3次元に書くのが正しい。間の2行を上にごそっと持ち上げれば、綺麗になるはずでしょ?
ちなみに、sumimさん のSmalltalk図風にもうちょっと整理したらこうなった。
いや 、Moduleクラス やClassクラスを、この下のほうの行に置いてしまうのは妥当か分からないのだけれども。sumimさんの図はSmalltalkにクラスとメタクラスの区別があるのを踏まえて、それで振り分けているように見える。Rubyではメタクラスは特異クラスの一種なのでクラスなのだが、一応、次のように分類した。
インスタンス - クラスやモジュールではないもの
メタクラス - クラスやモジュールのクラス
狭義のクラス/モジュール - メタクラスではないクラス/モジュール
で、上から順にメタクラス、狭義のクラス、インスタンス、と並べてある。
思ったこ と
( BasicObject ) と ( Object ) のクラスが ( Class ) ではなく て Class だというのは謎だ。これが ( Class ) になっていれば、ちょ う どSmalltalkの4階層が、メタクラスをクラスにしたことで2階層に潰れた形になって綺麗なのだが。実際、こうなる。
def Class . foo p : foo end Class .foo metaBasicObject = ( class << BasicObject ; self end ) metaBasicObject.ancestors metaBasicObject.foo
( BasicObject ) は Class のサブクラスなのに 、 Class のクラスメソッドを継承していない !
どうしてこうなっているかというと、たぶん、最初にクラス階層を初期化するときの順番の都合ではないかと予想される。直そうと思えば直せるけれども、普通メタクラスをそんなにいじくらないので誰も文句を言わなくて、なので実装の都合で放置されているんじゃないかと推測する。
モジュールの階 層
ついでにモジュールの階層だけ別個に書いてみるとこうなる。次のソースを読み込んだと思いねぇ。
module Inteligence ; end module Prayable include Inteligence end class Cattle ; end class Pegasus include Inteligence end class Yapoo include Prayable end
Yapoo の定義が最初と違うのは趣味に走ったら例がかぶっただけなので、気にしない方向で。
ちなみに、モジュールが Module クラスの直接のインスタンスであるのは 「 初期状態」の話だ。
class << Inteligence ; end
と、メタクラスに触ったり、
module Inteligence def self .
conscious ?
( subject = self ) end end
と、クラスメソッドを定義したりすると特異クラス
( Inteligence ) が湧いてきて、 Kernel , ( Kernel ) , Module の関係と同じ形になる 。
結論
Rubyの階層 はSmalltalkよりも雑然として見える。
宣伝
……というような話を、もうちょっと実用的な範囲に限定しつつもうちょっと丁寧に説明したのが『 初めてのRuby 』の8章です。よろしく。
Do n't obsess over the scale while you 're trying to quit .
Focus first on kicking the habit , then worry about your waistline .
Do n't obsess over the scale while you 're trying to quit .
Focus first on kicking the habit , then worry about your waistline .
( PRISCILLA DE CASTRO )
Will you gain weight if you quit smoking ?
Probably .
Four out of five quitters gain some weight — 4 pounds to 10 pounds each , on average .
The good news , however , is that quitters usually do get back to a normal weight , especially when the focus is on stopping smoking first .
Should you put off quitting in order to keep off unhealthy extra pounds ?
Nope .
The science is unequivocal : " Theres no question that any weight gain is preferable to continuing to smoke , " says Kenneth A. Perkins , PhD , professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh .
Emily Rubin , RD , of the Digestive Disease Institute at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , agrees .
" Youd have to gain 100 pounds to have the same health risks that a pack - a - day cigarette habit would give you , " she says .
Why do quitters usually gain weight ?
Smokers develop a lifestyle that revolves around smoking rather than eating or exercising .
But its also true that smoking helps you keep your weight down ( if at great cost to your heart and other organs , not to mention your appearance and smell ) .
As a smoker , your body gets used to these facts :
Weight Gain and Smoking
Image zoom
The elephant in the room Read moreMore about quitting
Smoking burns calories .
Smoking elevates your heart rate and increases your metabolism ; when you quit , you burn about 100 fewer calories a day .
After quitting , it can take weeks or even months for your metabolism to rebound .
Smoking elevates your heart rate and increases your metabolism ; when you quit , you burn about 100 fewer calories a day .
After quitting , it can take weeks or even months for your metabolism to rebound .
Smoking suppresses hunger .
Nicotine causes the liver to release glycogen , which raises your blood - sugar level slightly and suppresses appetite .
Until your metabolism adjusts , expect to gain about a pound a week .
Nicotine causes the liver to release glycogen , which raises your blood - sugar level slightly and suppresses appetite .
Until your metabolism adjusts , expect to gain about a pound a week .
Smoking makes you feel good .
Nicotine increases the levels of dopamine ( a chemical associated with pleasure ) in the brain .
High - calorie treats , such as candy and cookies , produce much the same effect , so after quitting , you may be tempted to replace cigarettes with food .
Alcohol boosts dopamine levels as well , and studies show that alcohol use tends to increase after quitting .
This mechanism may explain why bupropion ( Zyban ) , an antidepressant that works on the brains dopamine system , has shown to be helpful for smoking cessation .
Nicotine increases the levels of dopamine ( a chemical associated with pleasure ) in the brain .
High - calorie treats , such as candy and cookies , produce much the same effect , so after quitting , you may be tempted to replace cigarettes with food .
Alcohol boosts dopamine levels as well , and studies show that alcohol use tends to increase after quitting .
This mechanism may explain why bupropion ( Zyban ) , an antidepressant that works on the brains dopamine system , has shown to be helpful for smoking cessation .
Smoking gives you something to do with your mouth and hands .
Eating does the same — and makes you feel less deprived by your decision to quit .
Eating does the same — and makes you feel less deprived by your decision to quit .
Smoking dulls your taste buds .
After you quit , food begins to taste and smell better , so you may find yourself wanting to eat more .
After you quit , food begins to taste and smell better , so you may find yourself wanting to eat more .
Smoking is reliable when other things are not .
People use both cigarettes and food as a way to deal with boredom or stress , as a reward , or as a crutch in social situations .
Next Page :
Do n't think about your weight so much [ pagebreak ]
Dont think about your weight so much
Experts recommend focusing on the quitting process first and getting to the matter of your weight later on .
" If youre dieting while youre trying to quit , theres too much deprivation going on , " says Perkins .
Obsessing about keeping weight off while attempting to quit may even be counterproductive — on both fronts .
This dynamic is especially common for women , for whom weight gain can be such a tricky issue .
( In addition to weight issues , research shows a range of other sex - based smoking differences . )
In a 2001 study , 219 women who wanted to quit — but were concerned about gaining weight — were divided into three groups .
One group received cognitive - behavioral therapy ( CBT ) designed to help them accept a modest weight gain in exchange for the benefits of quitting smoking .
Another group was given weight - control counseling and daily calorie goals .
A third group ( the control group ) received counseling sessions in which they discussed their interpersonal relationships .
A year later , 21 % of the CBT group had successfully quit smoking , compared with 13 % of the weight - control group and 9 % of the control group .
On average , the members of the CBT group also gained less weight than the other groups .
" Sometimes folks — particularly women — gain more , paradoxically , when they are concerned about weight gain , depending on how they approach the issue of quitting and weight , " says Michele Levine , PhD , assistant professor of psychiatry and psychology at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine .
What to do about weight gain
Once youve congratulated yourself for quitting smoking ( and given your body a few weeks to settle down ) , its time to work on replacing your bad habits with some good ones .
Conquer your smoking triggers .
For example , if you were used to smoking after a meal , get up from the table and brush your teeth instead .
For example , if you were used to smoking after a meal , get up from the table and brush your teeth instead .
Sidetrack that oral fixation .
Experts recommend chewing celery , carrots , sugar - free gum or candies , or playing with a straw or toothpick .
Experts recommend chewing celery , carrots , sugar - free gum or candies , or playing with a straw or toothpick .
Try cognitive - behavioral therapy .
This can help you focus on taking care of yourself — quitting first and then working on weight control .
And consider this core advice for controlling your weight , whatever the situation .
Eat smaller , more frequent meals to increase your metabolism and avoid getting so hungry that you overeat .
Eat high - protein , high - fiber foods because they fill up your stomach more ( and because theyre better for you ) .
Exercise .
Instead of going to smoke or grab a high - fat snack , take a walk or go to the gym .
Keep in mind that moderate exercise , such as a walk during lunch , will actually decrease your appetite , because as you exercise fat breaks down and enters your bloodstream .
The extra muscle mass you gain by exercising will also help increase your metabolism , not to mention that exercise helps you deal with stress , boredom , and tension .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A special prosecutor will conduct an independent investigation into the conduct of Justice Department officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys , Attorney General Michael Mukasey announced Monday .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey announced the appointment of a special prosecutor Monday .
Connecticut federal prosecutor Nora Dannehy will have the power to empanel a grand jury if she chooses .
The announcement came within minutes of the release of a report by the Justice Department inspector general that found that the 2006 firings were " fundamentally flawed " and a special prosecutor should be appointed to examine potential criminality in the controversial removals .
The report calls the firings " unprecedented " and is harshly critical of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales for not paying attention to the actions of his chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , whom the report identifies as the driving force in the firings .
A prosecutor should examine " whether Sampson or other Department officials made false statements to Congress or to us " about the firing of U.S. Attorney David Iglesias of New Mexico , the report says .
Also to be examined is whether obstruction of justice or wire fraud was involved in the Iglesias firing , the report says , and whether there was an effort by Sen.
Pete Domenici or Rep. Heather Wilson , both New Mexico Republicans , to press Iglesias to bring an indictment before an election .
" I 'm supportive of the appointment of a special prosecutor .
I 've maintained all along laws were broken , " David Iglesias said in a telephone interview .
An attorney for Domenici blasted the report , saying it is " replete with innuendoes that pass as findings " .
" There is no credible basis to suggest that Senator Domenici called Mr. Iglesias in order to interfere with or obstruct any ongoing investigation .
Indeed , the Senate Ethics Committee 's exhaustive review of the evidence concluded as much , " said attorney K. Lee Blalack .
The report further calls for interviews of witnesses who refused to cooperate with the inspector general 's investigators -- including former White House officials Karl Rove and Harriet Miers and former Justice Department official Monica Goodling .
The report , which focused heavily on the Iglesias firing , says U.S. attorneys can be removed for any reason or for no reason , but not for an improper reason .
The process implemented by Sampson , the report says , " was unsystematic and arbitrary , with little oversight " by Gonzales .
Sampson 's attorney issued a brief statement questioning the report 's references to the former chief of staff .
" It is mystifying and disappointing that the inspector general chose to impugn Mr. Sampson 's candor and integrity , " said attorney Brad Berenson .
He stressed Sampson was one of the few officials who cooperated fully with the investigators .
The 400 - page report was particularly hard on Sampson 's boss , the former attorney general .
" We believe the primary responsibility for these serious failures rest with senior Department leaders -- Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty -- who abdicated their responsibility to adequately oversee the process and to ensure that the reasons for removal of each U.S. Attorney were supportable and not improper , " the report says .
Gonzales does n't see it that way , his lawyer said .
" The report makes clear that Judge Gonzales engaged in no wrongful or improper conduct while recognizing , as he has acknowledged many times , that the process for evaluating U.S. attorney performance in this instance was flawed , " said attorney George Terwilliger .
The attorney complained that " it seems rather odd " that the investigation was being escalated to a criminal probe with a special prosecutor .
At the same time , he quoted Gonzales as saying , " My family and I are glad to have the investigation of my conduct in this matter behind us " .
On Capitol Hill , Democrats used the new report to repeat stinging criticism of the Gonzales Justice Department , but they were generally supportive of the new attorney general 's call for a special prosecutor .
" It is about time that the baton gets passed to a prosecutor with the power to compel answers so that we can finally get at the truth instead of just circling around it , " said Sen .
Charles Schumer , D - New York , who had forced the investigation of the U.S. attorney firings .
Sen . Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont , who chaired hearings on the firings , called the new findings " another disturbing report card on the conduct of the Gonzales Justice Department , " but agreed that " perhaps a prosecutor can break down walls others cannot . "
Dannehy 's investigation is likely to take at least several months .
For now , she will report directly to Mukasey and Deputy Attorney General Mark Filip , who are expected to be replaced by a new administration in January .
All About Alberto Gonzales • Michael Mukasey
The guy John McCain has chosen to manage his presidential transition was lobbying for Freddie Mac until this month .
And from McCain …
McCain has labeled Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae as prime culprits in creating the financial storm that has roiled Wall Street and Washington .
“ At the center of the problem were the lobbyists , politicians , and bureaucrats who succeeded in persuading Congress and the administration to ignore the festering problems at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , ” he said last week in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Honestly , I expect a lot of hypocrisy of all politicians , of both parties .
But John McCain is really in a class of his own .
( Corrects name in first paragraph from AIG International )
GREENWICH , Conn , Sept 16 ( Reuters ) - Ailing U.S. companies such as big insurer American International Group Inc AIG .
N should seek financial lifelines abroad since they are as important to the global economy as they are within the United States , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said on Tuesday .
“ AIG may ask China for help , ” Giuliani , who sought the 2008 Republican presidential nomination , said at a hedge fund conference here .
Giuliani made the comments as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc LEH.N hurtles toward liquidation and as Merrill Lynch & Co Inc MER.N agreed to be bought by Bank of America Corp BAC.N , and as several other U.S. companies are suffering heavy stock market losses .
AIG shares were down nearly 45 percent at $ 2.63 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange as the company tried to cobble together a rescue plan that could give it access to up to $ 75 billion in additional funding .
“ I would think that , for AIG especially , international help would not be unrealistic , ” Giuliani said .
AIG ’s roots date back to its founding as a small insurance agency in Shanghai , China , 89 years ago .
And it was early in moving back into the Chinese market when restrictions eased on foreign companies doing business there .
Former Chief Executive Maurice “ Hank ” Greenberg , who ran AIG for 38 years before stepping down in 2005 , said in a CNBC interview on Tuesday that the private sector should come to AIG ’s aid .
He added that sovereign wealth funds could be among the candidates interested in working with the insurer , which does business in 113 countries and territories around the world .
Greenberg , in the televised interview , said AIG ’s collapse could create “ systemic problems ” for global markets , that would take years to fix .
( Reporting by Svea Herbst - Bayliss , additional reporting by Lilla Zuill ; Editing by Andre Grenon )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. unemployment rate hit its highest in four years during July as employers cut jobs for a seventh straight month , though less severely than predicted , a Labor Department report showed on Friday .
The rising toll of job losses and plunging new - car sales in July fueled worry that a recession may be unavoidable and helped drive stock prices lower again .
The jobless rate climbed to 5.7 percent from 5.5 percent in June as 51,000 jobs were eliminated in July , bringing losses for the year to 463,000 .
Economists had expected 75,000 jobs would be cut last month but had forecast the unemployment rate would rise only to 5.6 percent .
In a separate report , the Institute for Supply Management said manufacturing activity held steady in July and noted some moderation in inflation pressures .
Its index of national factory activity slipped a bit to 50 from 50.2 in June -- with 50 being the dividing line between expansion and contraction .
“ If you look at ISM and the unemployment number together , it suggests an economy that is , at best , stuck in neutral , ” said Subodh Kumar , chief investment strategist with Subodh Kumar & Associates in Toronto .
Stock prices dropped , with the Dow Jones industrial average off 51 points to end at 11,326 and the Nasdaq Composite Index down 14 points to 2,310 .
Prices for U.S. Treasury debt securities rose moderately as investors sought safer haven .
In an interview with Reuters , U.S. Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said economic stimulus payments that are being sent out to qualifying Americans should bolster the economy but would n’t predict when more jobs would be created .
JOB PICTURE CLOUDED
“ I wo n’t speculate , ” he said .
“ But we are forecasting continued growth in the economy for the back half of the year and it will be that growth that will determine a return to job creation . ”
But consumers , whose purchases fuel two - thirds of national output , appeared to be frightened by soaring energy and other costs and by tightening credit conditions .
Sales of new cars by General Motors Corp. plummeted 27 percent in July from year - earlier levels , Ford Motor Co. sales fell 15 percent and Toyota Motor Corp. was off 12 percent .
GM lost a staggering $ 15.5 billion in the second quarter .
In St. Petersburg , Florida , Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama called for new measures , including $ 25 billion of spending on infrastructure projects like roads .
“ With job losses mounting , prices rising , increased turbulence in our financial system , a growing credit crunch , we need to do more , ” Obama said at a town hall meeting .
The Labor Department trimmed estimates for job losses in both May and June .
It said a total of 26,000 fewer jobs were lost in the two months than previously thought .
Policy - makers at the Federal Reserve meet next week and are expected to keep official interest rates unchanged as they weigh concerns about economic weakness against worries about bubbling price pressures .
Brian Gendreau , an investment strategist with ING Investment Management Americas in New York , described monthly job losses as “ painful ” and consistent with a weak economy .
“ We are clearly in a growth recession and my fear is that we are in a mild , but longer recession than the one we experienced in 2001 - 2002 , ” Gendreau said .
A line of job seekers stretches out of a hotel doorway as they wait to enter a Monster.com job fair in Los Angeles , California July 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
HOUSING SLIDE CONTINUES
The unexpectedly steep climb in the unemployment rate underlines how a deterioration in the housing sector continues to chill economic growth .
The last time the jobless rate was higher was in March 2004 , when it hit 5.8 percent .
While July ’s job loss was not as bad as feared , it did not change the picture of an economy that is basically treading water , analysts said .
“ Overall the report looks to be broadly consistent with other data that show the economy quite soft , basically stalled , not growing very much , but not contracting very much either , ” said David Resler , chief economist for Nomura Securities International in New York .
The report showed 16 - to - 24 year olds facing particular difficulty in trying to nail down summer jobs , a factor that helped push up the overall unemployment rate .
In addition , the average workweek slipped to 33.6 hours , the lowest since November 2004 , from 33.7 hours in June , a further suggestion of economic weakness .
July job losses were widespread .
The only major sectors showing any gains were government , hospitality , and education and health services .
Construction industries shed another 22,000 employees and factories cut 35,000 jobs .
A Commerce Department report on June construction spending underlined the continuing slide in building that is dragging employment lower in the construction sector , with spending falling a steeper - than - expected 0.4 percent .
( Additional reporting by Burton Frierson and Chris Reese in New York , Patrick Rucker in Washington and John Whitesides in St. Petersburg ; Editing by Neil Stempleman )
Bloomberg is reporting Euro Falls the Most in 8 Years on Reduced Bets for Higher Rate .
The euro fell the most in almost eight years , pushing the currency to a six - month low against the U.S. dollar , as traders pared bets the European Central Bank will raise interest rates as the economy slows .
The euro dropped below $ 1.50 for the first time since February after ECB President Jean - Claude Trichet yesterday said economic growth will be " particularly weak ' ' through the third quarter .
" We are now seeing a lot more negative surprises coming out of Europe than from the U.S. , more so than any time during this credit shock , " said Jim McCormick , head of currency strategy at Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. in London .
" At the same time , you 've got some pretty strong capital inflows to the U.S .
We kind of have the perfect circle of fundamentals bumping into strong technicals . "
European retail sales dropped by the most in at least 13 years in June , the European Union said on Aug .
5 . Consumer confidence slid in July by the most since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the European Commission said July 30 .
" This is the beginning of a new chapter for the dollar as Trichet and other central banks are paying more attention to the downside risk to growth , " said Dustin Reid , a senior currency strategist at ABN Amro Bank NV in Chicago .
" The decline of oil prices is a significant driver behind this dollar rally because it enables other central banks to turn their eyes away from inflation and focus on growth . "
$ USD - US $ Index Daily
$ USD - US $ Index Daily
On the daily chart the US $ crossed resistance and sitting right on the 200 day exponential moving average .
It has not closed above the 200 EMA since March of 2006 .
$ USD - US $ Index Monthly
$ XEU - US $ vs. Euro Weekly
$ XEU - US $ vs. Euro Weekly
On the weekly chart there is a clear double top .
This is now a third test of the 152 - 153 area .
I did not think the last test would hold but it did , moving on to a double top .
With the Fed on hold and Trichet 's likely next move a cut , there is plenty of room for the dollar to rally vs. the Euro .
$ XBP - US $ vs. British Pound Weekly
$ XBP - US $ vs. British Pound Weekly
The British Pound broke the weekly uptrend line and has been floundering in a sideways channel for about 8 months .
However , the bounces appear to be weakening and it's do or die for the pound right now .
I doubt support holds this time .
$ XBP - US $ vs. British Pound Monthly
1 . What was the main point of this post ?
have I made it clearly ?
2 . What do I want readers of this post to do ?
have I led them to this action ?
3 . Have I written something useful ?
4 . Have I written something unique ?
5 . Has what I ’ve written taken me closer or further away from my blog ’s goals ?
6 . Have I used a title that draws people into my post ?
7 . Are my spelling and grammar correct ?
8. Could I have said it more succinctly ?
9 . Have I credited sources of quotes and inspiration ?
10 .
Have I written something previously that relates to this post that I could link to ?
has someone else ?
11 . Have I left room for my readers to add something to this post ?
have I invited them to ?
12 . What keywords will people search Google for on this topic ?
have I optimized this post for those words ?
13 .
How could I follow this post up with another that extends it ?
Image by Elín Elísabet
With all the talk of cellular handsets and multi-function devices these days , it 's hard to believe that there is still even a market for land lines or VOIP services but of course you know better than that .
What 's perhaps more interesting than just plain old VOIP telephony and video services like Skype , would be the ability to provide access and functionality for a host of all the various media types ; voice , video , text , photos , and interenet services .
This is obviously what any traditional Telephony company has to compete with , when you consider the potential for the iPhone ,
platform and other up - and - comers .
It seems the folks at OpenPeak have had their eye on the proverbial ball for quite some time now and today they 've announced they 're putting a little extra muscle behind their product with Intel 's new low power Atom processor under the hood .
OpenPeak Inc. , today announced a production - ready version of its OpenFrame ™ IP media phone platform based on the low - power Intel® Atom™ processor .
Designed to drive new revenues for service providers , the OpenFrame device converges voice , data , video and mobile into a single touchscreen - based home communications center that can dramatically simplify everyday family and media interactions .
With the OpenFrame IP media phone connected to the home network via a built - in WiFi / Ethernet link , consumers can use a single device to access applications such as their family calendar , e-mail , text messaging , synced address book and directory services .
They also have convenient access to news , sports , weather , stock quotes and traffic , as well as the ability to make traditional or VoIP phone calls .
Barbara Boxer calls Palin ' an extremist ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 5 , 2008
Print This Email This Senator Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) has become the latest female Democratic leader to slam Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin , telling reporters on Thursday that Palin is " an extremist " and " way out of the mainstream . "
" My impression of Sarah Palin is that she can throw a very strong punch , a very sarcastic punch , " Boxer began .
" I think her speech was laced with ridicule .
...
People will respond differently to that .
It did n't move me very much .
I was uncomfortable with it . "
" But the most important thing , it seems to me , is her record and her views , " continued Boxer .
" She 's an extremist .
And she 's way out of the mainstream .
And it 's ... hard for me to imagine how Democrats , moderate Republicans , and moderate independents can embrace the McCain - Palin ticket . "
According to the Associated Press , Boxer stated that John McCain had showed " a terrible lack of judgment " in his choice , echoing remarks last week by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) , who called Palin 's selection " an example of colossally bad judgment on the part of John McCain . "
" She 's anti-science , " Boxer said of Palin .
" She says that global warming is n't in any way caused by human activities when the world 's leading scientists say that it is .
She 's opposed to stem cell research which will save millions of lives , she 's against abortion even in the case of rape and incest , and is against birth control . "
This video is from CBSNews.com , broadcast September 4 , 2008 .
Download video
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The next president will have to decide when and how to leave Iraq and what the United States will leave behind , Sen. John McCain said Friday .
Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain trade jabs over each other 's economic plans .
Speaking at the first presidential debate , McCain said the war had been badly managed at the beginning but that the United States was now winning , thanks to a " great general and a strategy that succeeded . "
" Sen . Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq , " McCain said of his Democratic opponent .
Sen. Barack Obama responded : " That 's not true , that 's not true . "
He blasted McCain as having been wrong about the war at the start , saying McCain had failed to anticipate the uprising against U.S. forces and violence between rival religious groups in the country .
Before moving into foreign policy , the candidates focused on the economy .
McCain said he would consider a spending freeze on everything but defense , veterans affairs and entitlement programs in order to cut back on government spending .
Obama disagreed , saying , " The problem is you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel .
" There are some programs that are very important that are currently underfunded , " Obama said .
He agreed that the government needs to cut spending in some areas , but he said other areas , such as early childhood education , need more funding .
McCain repeated his call to veto every bill with earmarks .
Debate night in America Obama and McCain face off on the issues live in Mississippi .
Join the best political team for your front row seat .
Tonight , beginning 8 ET see full schedule »
Obama said the country " absolutely " needs earmark reform but said , " the fact is , eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we are going to get the middle class back on track . "
McCain and Obama also tangled over who would cut taxes more .
Watch Obama talk about his economic plan »
McCain said he would lower business taxes in order to encourage job growth in the United States , while Obama said he would cut taxes for 95 percent of American families .
Watch McCain outline differences between him and Obama »
Obama also said that the United States was facing its worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
McCain said he was encouraged that Republicans and Democrats were working together to solve the crisis .
The first 30 minutes of the debate focused on the economy , even though the debate was supposed to be centered on foreign policy .
The economy has dominated the campaign trail for the past two weeks .
Obama refused to be pinned down on whether he would support a $ 700 billion plan proposed by President Bush 's top economic advisers , saying the final details of the proposal were not yet known .
McCain said he hoped to be able to vote for it .
Just hours ago , the fate of the debate was in limbo because it was unclear whether McCain would show up .
The Republican presidential candidate announced Wednesday that he was suspending his campaign to help forge legislation to save crippled U.S. financial markets .
McCain said he would not attend the debate unless Congress reached an agreement on the bailout package .
McCain said Friday that enough progress has been made for him to attend the debate , even though Congress has not made a deal .
In the final hours before the debate , McCain and Obama separately checked out the stage at the debate site on the University of Mississippi campus .
After their walk - throughs , the candidates went to separate locations for some last - minute debate prep .
Outside the debate site , students and residents in Oxford said they were thrilled -- and relieved -- to find out that the debate was still on .
The University of Mississippi said it invested $ 5.5 million in Friday night 's event .
McCain 's campaign said the Arizona senator would return to Washington after the debate .
Obama issued a statement saying he plans to return , also .
Full coverage of the debates
There 's a lot on the line for both sides .
The election is just weeks away , and polls show Obama and McCain in a tight race .
According to CNN 's average of national polls , Obama holds a 5 - point lead over McCain , 48 percent to 43 percent .
The 9 percent of respondents who are undecided could swing the election either way .
Both campaigns played the expectations game Friday afternoon .
Going into debates , campaigns try to lower expectations for their candidates while raising expectations for their opponents .
Read more about the expectations
Senior McCain adviser Mike Salter tried to play down the expectations surrounding his candidate , saying McCain wanted only to " do well against a guy who is a pretty good debater , show presidential leadership and be able to speak directly to the American people about what he believes . "
The Obama camp , on the other hand , tried to build up the debate as a must - win for the Arizona Republican , arguing that the debate 's focus on national security and foreign affairs amounted to a " home field advantage " for McCain .
" If he slips up , makes a mistake or fails to deliver a game - changing performance , it will be a serious blow to his campaign .
Given his unsteady performance this week , he desperately needs to win this debate in a big way in order to change the topic and get back to his home turf , " Bill Burton , an Obama spokesman , said in a memo .
Obama had contended all along that the debate should go on , saying the financial crisis made it even more important for the public to hear the candidate 's views .
The candidates ' running mates are not be in Mississippi to watch the debates .
Sen .
Joe Biden , Obama 's VP pick , is watching the debate from his hotel room in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Biden told firefighters and their families at a fish fry in Cudahy , Wisconsin , on Friday that the debate is a " big deal " because it will illustrate a fundamental national security difference between the candidates .
" The fundamental difference between John and Barack and me and John is this :
If you 're talking about security , it starts at home in addition to protecting our troops abroad and giving them everything they need . "
McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is wastching the debate from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where she is preparing for her debate with Biden on October 2 with a cadre of domestic and foreign policy advisers .
All About Mississippi • Barack Obama • John McCain
It 's increasingly clear two things are going on : leftists are very interested in taking their rioting and looting far beyond city limits , and government police are not interested in doing much about it .
Skip to comments .
The McCain Myth ( Why RINO John McCain Will Never , * Ever* Be President )
Posted on by KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
Having helped broker the Great Senate Compromise last week , Sen . John McCain is back in the media limelight , winning the usual accolades for bucking his party .
But the deal by 14 " moderates " does n't just preserve the judicial filibuster and allow confirmation of a few of President Bush 's " extremist " nominees .
It also reveals that the myth the McCainiacs hoped would propel their man into the Oval Office in 2000 still endures , despite evidence of successive elections to the contrary .
The myth is simply that the only way to win elections is to draw voters from the other party by bucking a few of your own party 's principles .
Call it " maverick moderatism , " but this belief has been the foundation for Mr. McCain 's strategy for achieving national office and has given us great ideas like the recent iteration of campaign finance reform , opposition to some tax cuts and dogged attacks by Mr. McCain on some military expenditures .
It 's also the foundation of many pundits ' advice to the president that he pick more " moderate " judges , give up on using payroll taxes to create private Social Security accounts , and trim his sails on fighting terrorism by spreading freedom .
( Excerpt ) Read more at opinionjournal.com ...
TOPICS :
Crime / Corruption
Culture / Society
Editorial
Extended News
Government
Miscellaneous
News / Current Events
Politics / Elections
US : Arizona
KEYWORDS :
110th
2008
2008rncconvention
anyonebutmccain
conservatism
election
election2008
electionpresident
elections
johnmccain
maverickmeansrino
mccain
mccain2008
mccaintruthfile
mccainunfit
mccrook
miniter
nowaymccain
rino
rinomccain
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
Oh I sure like that " Maverick John McCain " tune Rush 's been playing on his show .
It 's priceless !
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
I remember my pastor saying back in the 2000 election primaries that he might vote for McCain .
He was an old military man , and McCain 's war record appealed to him .
He was from NC .
That week McCain called members of the Christian right " evil " .
Everyone in the church immediately turned against him .
He lost the primary , and the momentum .
Every so often I hear the left talking about how Bush 's " dirty tricks " cost McCain the election .
Hogwash .
McCain viciously attacked the base on the eve of a major primary .
Dumb , dumb , dumb .
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
McCain will not win the Presidency in 2008 because :
1 . He will be too old in 2008 .
2 . He is a senator and being a govenor not a senator is the path to the White House , ie GW Bush , Clinton , Reagan , Carter etal .
3 . He is from a state with 10 electoral votes .
GOP presidents seem to come from CA , Tx , MI etc. , ie bigger states .
Even Dim presidents , Clinton aside seem to come from pretty big states , GA , MA , etc . [ MA was a more important state in the Electoral College in 1960 than it is now . ]
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
I 'm convinced McInsane , the pitiful bastard , is a few cans short of a 6 - pack .
NOTHING means as much to him , ...... as him .
His " closeness " to Kerry " the traitor " and his behavior at the MIA / POW hearing , confirmed his untrustworthiness for me ...
Semper Fi
by 5 posted onby river rat ( You may turn the other cheek , but I prefer to look into my enemy 's vacant dead eyes . )
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
McCain reminds me of Dean .
' nuff sed .
To : I still care
McCain is a corrupt , coniving , treacherous , little weasel .
He is ethically challenged , ( censured by the House Ethics committee ) consorts with crooks and gansters on a regular basis , and will sell anyone down the river to advance his agenda .
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
He might not ever be President , but with an inflated ego such as he has , it would n't surprise me if he tried to run as a third party candidate , and do what Ross Perot did in the '90s .
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
Here 's McCain 's problem , in a nutshell :
Only by going up against Hitlery could McCain possibly convince me to vote for him .
And even then , I 'd be seriously conflicted .
With his most recent betrayal , I 'd probably vote third party ( probably libertarian ) .
So McCain loses .
It 's all about voter turnout .
The GOP persisting in making it so difficult for me to determine the lesser of two evils does not incline me to vote .
And there are MANY MANY conservative voters out there just like me .
To : pillbox_girl
Only by going up against Hitlery could McCain possibly convince me to vote for him .
That said I would vote for absolutely anyone who would / could be Hitlery .
by 10 posted onby Positive ( Nothing is sadder than to see a beautiful theory murdered by a gang of brutal facts . )
To : Positive
That said I would vote for absolutely anyone who would / could be Hitlery .
Of course I meant " beat " Hitlery .
by 11 posted onby Positive ( Nothing is sadder than to see a beautiful theory murdered by a gang of brutal facts . )
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
Two words : " Luke Skywalker " .
To : Mr Ramsbotham
He might not ever be President , but with an inflated ego such as he has , it would n't surprise me if he tried to run as a third party candidate , and do what Ross Perot did in the '90s .
Agreed .
McCain has no chance of becoming the Republican nominee , but I would n't be surprised if he played the " spoiler " role , running as an Independent or Reform candidate , siphoning off enough votes from the real Republican nominee to put Hillary in office .
To : pillbox_girl
The only chance McCain has to even run for President is to cast a YES vote to the eventual " nuclear " option .
If the Dems filibuster and McCain falls in for this option , he can claim an attempt at moderation while pretending to stick to an up or down principle .
The only , and very slim , chance would be to lead on a conservative victory .
by 14 posted onby dannyboy 72 ( How long will you hold onto the rope when Liberals pull us off the cliff ? )
To : river rat ; KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
<< I 'm convinced McInsane , the pitiful bastard , is a few cans short of a 6 - pack .
NOTHING means as much to him , ...... as him .
His " closeness " to Kerry " the traitor " and his behavior at the MIA / POW hearing , confirmed his untrustworthiness for me ...
Semper Fi >>
Spot on !
Even his actual Military Record , as seperate and different from his admiral 's - son JFKerry - esque politicized " military record " seems to pose more questions than answers .
Got your sixes , 'rat .
Per Ardua ad Astra -- B A
by 15 posted onby Brian Allen ( All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing -- Edmund Burke )
To : pillbox_girl
You are a fool if you do not vote .
Pure and simple !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
McPoopStain will soon be out of politics for good .
To : pillbox_girl
If it came down to voting for the hildabeast or Mcpain , I think i'd go fishing .
by 18 posted onby Joe Boucher ( Not 1st lets kill all the lawyers . , 1st lets kill all the a.c.l.u. lawyers . )
To : Bullish
mcpain ( media ) AZ will not be the president simply because he has no support .
In 2000 he got just 19 % in the show down South Carolina primary , the first one where there was no cross over voting allowed .
His party
The Media does not have enough members to elect him president .
by 19 posted onby jmaroneps37 ( Dealing with liberals ?
Remember : when you wrestle with a pig , you both get dirty and he loves it . )
To : KentTrappedInLiberalSeattle
He 'll certainly never win as a Republican , as there 's about a zero percent chance he 'll make it through the primaries .
by 20 posted onby kevkrom ( " Those who stand for nothing fall for anything . " -- Alexander Hamilton )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
I am so happy that Nerf is making a come back .
there was a short period of time that I feel like they were afraid to make such good looking dart guns for fear of the Hillary effect and mother 's across America everywhere boycotting their stuff .
hooray for them and making BA toy guns again !
when can we look forward to the remaking of the original super soaker line !?
A reader writes :
I hope the Obama campaign emphasizes the severity of Rick Davis .
Knowing the media , they will try to somehow say that both had lobbyists and that this simply evens it out or something inane like that ( Josh Levs of CNN said basically the same thing a week ago about lobbyists in general … comparing Obama camp and McCain camp ) .
Obama camp needs to make 2 things obvious :
1. This is McCain ’s CAMPAIGN MANAGER .
He ’s not some no name adviser who sometimes advises him on policy .
This guy is a BIG FISH .
He is n’t someone who McCain spoke to for 5 minutes ( Raines and Obama ) , he is someone who is trusted very much by McCain and ALWAYS has McCain ’s ears .
He is n’t some UNPAID adviser or an adviser that ’s one out of hundreds , but he is WITHIN the INNER CIRCLE of the McCain camp .
They need to stress this .
Last week , especially in light of Raine ’s ad , I thought the Obama camps response , by way of Dem surrogates on tv , was n’t too effective .
2 . He did some SERIOUS LOBBYING .
He did n’t simply work for some lawfirm representing many different clients with this being just a small part of his work .
THIS WAS A MAJOR DEAL .
He not only collected almost $ 2 million in lobbying fees in 5 years , but he FOUGHT BACK HARD against regulation – the same regulation that McCain now says should have been in place for Fannie and Freddie .
You hit the points very effectively …
And I do hope that they hammer the two points … basically , the first is about DAVIS ’ HIGH position in the McCain camp , the second is the EXTENT to which he lobbied against regulation .
Federally supervised cell phone alerts about national emergencies came one step closer to reality Thursday when regulators released their final rules for how mobile providers must implement the Commercial Mobile Alert System ( CMAS ) .
Federally supervised cell phone alerts about national emergencies came one step closer to reality Thursday when regulators released their final rules for how mobile providers must implement the Commercial Mobile Alert System ( CMAS ) .
CMAS is a voluntary system available to wireless providers that will send text out message blasts in the event of a national disaster like Hurricane Katrina , or the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
Though providers are not required to join the CMAS , major providers like Verizon , AT&T , T - Mobile , and Sprint have already pledged their support .
Alerts will be available in three forms : presidential alerts ; imminent threat alerts and child abduction emergency or Amber alerts .
Initial implementation of the system is not expected until at least April 2010 .
Providers have until October 2008 to complete a CMAS industry standard , while development and testing will be conducted from October 2008 to October 2010 , the FCC said .
The system has its origins in the Warning , Alert , and Response Network ( WARN ) Act , a bill Congress passed in 2006 as part of a larger port security bill .
It allocated $ 106 million to create the voluntary , national emergency alert system .
Since then , the FCC has been working with wireless carriers as part of the Commercial Service Alert Advisory Committee ( CMSAAC ) to develop recommendations for how to execute CMAS .
The FCC adopted an initial framework for CMAS in April and adopted further rules for educational and public broadcasting stations in July .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) pledged in late May to be the federal agency in charge of sending out the alerts , but not without some controversy .
FEMA initially refused to coordinate the CMAS , prompting a public tongue lashing from the FCC commissioners .
The FCC did not take on that role itself because it did not have experience with originating emergency alerts ; had received federal funds for operating an emergency alert system ( as FEMA has ) ; and did not have statutory authority to borrow money against the DTV Transition Fund to implement the WARN Act , as the Departments of Homeland Security and Commerce have , Democratic Commissioner Michael Copps said in April .
So far , FEMA has no concrete plans for the CMAS , but if they do not provide the FCC with specifications about the system by December 31 , 2008 , the FCC will convene an emergency CMSAAC meeting to address the issue , the order said .
But what does this mean for the average cell phone user ?
Though most of the major providers are currently on board to participate in CMAS , it is not a done deal , and they have the option to back out at any point .
The FCC said Thursday that providers must notify the agency within 30 days about whether or not it will participate in the CMAS .
If they opt out , providers will have to notify potential and current customers that they are not participating , but the FCC left it to the provider as to how that notification should occur .
Customers of providers who opt out will not receive alerts until 60 days before the CMAS is operational , or approximately February 2010 .
" We believe the relevance of this decision may be lost if notification is delivered to prospective and existing customers too far in advance of CMAS ' commercial availability , " according to the FCC order .
If you are a customer of a provider that opts out or signs up and then backs out , you can cancel your service without incurring a penalty or an early termination fee , the FCC said .
Similarly , if you subscribe to a service that will be provider alerts , you cannot opt out of presidential alerts , but can select not to receive " imminent threat " texts or Amber alert notifications .
As for the cost , providers are banned from imposing a " separate or additional charge " specifically for the CMAS , but they " have the discretion to absorb service - related costs " and pass those on to customers .
So essentially , wireless customers will not see a separate " CMAS Fee " on their bill , but their providers reserve the right to up their monthly fees to recoup the costs associated with CMAS .
Eighteen of 23 drivers in a Jerusalem taxi station have decided to resign after learning that their station is about to be sold to an Arab businessman from east Jerusalem .
Gilo Taxis is one of the capital 's oldest cab stations .
Its drivers have been serving the city 's residents for nearly 25 years .
The station 's owner , Avi Gabay , recently experienced some financial difficulties and decided to sell the station to an Arab businessman from the neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber .
Racist Act ? ' I was left outside club because of my dark skin ' Yael Levy Meital Halessatzi arrives at ' Uptown ' for her friend 's bachelorette party , but is left outside by hostess while other ' light - skinned ' people walk in easily .
' It 's unlawful selection , because I 'm a typical Moroccan , ' she says .
Club owner to compensate her ' I was left outside club because of my dark skin '
Eli Katsav , who has been working in the station since 1982 , is one of Gilo Taxis ' most veteran drivers .
He says the drivers may decide to buy the station together .
" This sale is unacceptable to us , " he adds .
" We live in an extreme neighborhood .
Everyone here is affiliated with the Right and we 're all devoted Beitar Jerusalem ( football team ) fans .
Our current decision is not to stay in the station . "
The drivers ' uprising is being led by H. , who has been working in the station for 20 years .
" An Arab wo n't be my owner , " he says .
" The surprising thing is that the previous owner , who would n’t even accept a receipt from an Arab passenger and hardly ever agreed to drive Arab passengers , has suddenly changed completely and sold to an Arab .
How are we expected to work with him ?
He will be our owner ? "
Danny , who has been working as a taxi driver for 18 years and joined the Gilo station 10 years ago , defines the situation as " impossible " .
" This is a sensitive situation .
The residents are ardent Beitar fans , while the new owner comes from the village of the terrorists who carried out the three recent attacks in Jerusalem .
" Who knows what will happen .
There will probably be a big mess .
This is why we have decided we had better leave as soon as possible .
We feel the previous owner betrayed us , stabbed us in the back . "
Gabay , the owner , is unmoved by the drivers ' protest .
" I have experienced some difficult things in the past year , but none of those who are angry at me now because I 'm selling the station rushed to help me , " he says .
" The deal has yet to be finalized , and whoever wants to can come and negotiate .
As for the buyer being an Arab , I do n’t care .
I 'm not looking for faults .
He is an Israeli citizen , and therefore I 'm negotiating with him . "
It 's a cold day in hell when the entire " This Week " panel rails against John McCain and his utter confusion when it comes to the economy .
Cokie Roberts raises the specter of Herbert Hoover , Donaldson rightfully pins the deregulation racket on McCain and Republicans , calling McCain 's promise to champion regulation a " hard pill to swallow , " and George Will says McCain acted " unpresidential " and that the issue of age should re-enter the debate over whether McCain is fit for the job .
Download Download
Quote of the segment , from George Will of all people :
At the vigil , one wonderful nurse who flew all the way from Arizona brought laminated copies of the patient stories featured on the guaranteedhealthcare.org site , and Katie Robbins of Healthcare - Now brought copies of the murder by spreadsheet booklets she put together .
We read stories aloud and shared our thoughts on people we ’ve met along the way and patients we know are suffering .
We had nurses , patients , med students , doctors and other concerned citizens quietly gathered as the First Lady held a posh event across the lawn which had created permit problems for our action at the last moment .
But no one bothered us .
We shared – as I had heard a hundred times or more on the street yesterday – our disgust as citizens about the unfolding financial bail - out of the big Wall Street firms and financial interests that now threaten worldwide doom if a huge bail - out is n’t forthcoming from our elected officials .
" Disgusting " is the word I heard said so many times ...
Disgusting that our government can act so quickly in some situations yet allow years and years to pass while hundreds of thousands of American citizens die needlessly from preventable deaths in a healthcare system gone mad with profits and greed very much like Wall Street , folks acknowledged .
From the cab driver who works three jobs to support himself yet still does n’t have healthcare coverage – disgusting .
From the waiter who brought me coffee in a nice DC hotel but who cannot go get his teeth fixed – disgusting .
From a homeless man from Michigan who slept in Lafayette Park across from the White House wondering if he could sell his home inching ever closer to foreclosure – disgusting .
From the young couple I chatted with as they toured the city and took in all the patriotic sights and sounds – disgusting .
From a small , purposeful group of citizens from all over the nation gathered in the setting sun at the Capital Reflecting Pool , disgusting , truly disgusting .
We said their names aloud – patients who are suffering and some who have died .
We stood silently looking toward that beautiful domed Capital where we place our hope and our passion and our commitment to make this healthcare system just .
We lit our candles in the gentle breeze and sang " We Shall Overcome . "
And as we closed the DC activities we all knew that if our Congress can act so quickly when financial doom and gloom come calling , then surely they can act with equal or greater haste to finally put an end to the disgusting lack of attention they have given to the healthcare nightmare in America .
We had hoped a few lawmakers would drop by , but after a hard day working on the bail - out , many were attending a special cocktail reception .
Disgusting , is n’t it ?
Best Buy said Monday it has agreed to purchase Napster Inc. for $ 121 million as part of a bid to accelerate growth in the emerging industry of digital entertainment and leverage its relationships with content studios .
The deal , which values Napster at $ 2.65 per share , is expected to close during the fourth calendar quarter and includes the service operator 's approximately 700,000 digital entertainment subscribers , its Web - based customer service platform , and mobile capabilities .
Best Buy said intends to use Napsterâs assets to reach new customers with an enhanced experience for exploring and selecting music and other digital entertainment products over an increasing array of devices .
" This transaction offers Best Buy a recognized platform for enhancing our capabilities in the digital media space and building new , recurring relationships with customers , " said Brian Dunn , President and COO of Best Buy .
" Over time we hope to strengthen our offerings to consumers , who we believe will increasingly seek devices and solutions that enable them to access their content wherever , whenever and however they want . "
In May , Napster openly challenged Apple 's iTunes Store when it launched an a la carte download service filled with DRM - free tracks that are compatible with both the iPod and iPhone .
The service offered 6 million songs and was billed as " more than 50 percent larger than any other MP3 store " and not only the " largest major label MP3 catalog in the industry , but also the largest library of independent music available anywhere . "
Best Buy , which partners with Apple on the sale of Macs , iPods and iPhones , said the addition of Napster will help it build stronger relationships with customers , expand the number of subscribers to Napster 's service , and capture recurring revenue by offering ongoing value over a mobile digital platform .
> {-# LANGUAGE MultiParamTypeClasses , FunctionalDependencies , FlexibleInstances , GeneralizedNewtypeDeriving #-}
> module Main where
> import Test.
QuickCheck
> import qualified Data .
Map as M
> import Control .
Monad
> import Ratio
> infixl 5 .+
> infixl 6 .*
> cupcap i = do
> ( j , k ) <- cap
> cup ( i , j )
> return k
> straight i = do
> return i
MijN jk =δi k
k
Group
> i = 0 :+ 1
> newtype Z = Z
Int deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show , Num )
> type Poly = V ( Complex Rational ) Z
Poly
a
ia
> a = return ( Z 1 ) :: Poly
> ia = return ( Z ( - 1 ) ) :: Poly
> cup :: ( Bool , Bool ) -> V Poly ()
> cup ( u , v ) = case ( u , v ) of
> ( False , True ) -> ( - i .* ia ) .* return ()
> ( True , False ) -> ( i .* a ) .* return ()
> otherwise -> zero
> cap :: V Poly ( Bool , Bool )
> cap = ( - i .* ia ) .* return ( False , True ) .+ ( i .* a ) .* return ( True , False )
> over :: ( Bool , Bool ) -> V Poly ( Bool , Bool )
> over ( u , v ) = a .* do
> ( ) <- cup ( u ,
v )
> cap
> .+
> ia .* return ( u , v )
> under :: ( Bool , Bool ) -> V Poly ( Bool , Bool )
> under ( u , v ) = ia .* do
> ( ) <- cup ( u ,
v )
> cap
> .+
> a .* return ( u , v )
V
> left ( i , j , k ) = do
> ( l , m ) <- under ( i , j )
> ( n , o ) <- over ( m , k )
> ( p , q ) <- over ( l, n )
> return ( p , q , o )
> right ( i , j , k ) = do
> ( l , m ) <- over ( j , k )
> ( n , o ) <- over ( i, l )
> ( p , q ) <- under ( o , m )
> return ( n , p, q )
> test1 = quickCheck $ \( x , y , z ) -> left ( x , y , z ) ==right ( x , y , z )
> swap ( x , y ) = ( y , x )
> class Num k => VectorSpace k v | v -> k where
> zero :: v
> (.+ ) :: v -> v ->
v
> (.*) :: k -> v ->
v
> (.-) :: v -> v ->
v
> v1 .- v2 = v1 .+ ( ( - 1 ) .* v2 )
> data V k a = V { unV :: [ ( k,a ) ] } deriving ( Show )
> reduce x = filter ( ( /=0 ) . fst ) $ fmap swap $ M.toList $ M.fromListWith (+ ) $ fmap swap $ x
> instance ( Ord a , Num k ) => Eq ( V k a ) where
> V x==V y = reduce x==reduce y
> instance ( Ord a , Num k , Ord k ) =>
Ord ( V k a ) where
> compare ( V x ) ( V y ) = compare ( reduce x ) ( reduce y )
> instance Num k =>
Functor ( V k ) where
> fmap f ( V as ) = V $ map ( \( k , a ) -> ( k , f a ) ) as
> instance Num k =>
Monad ( V k ) where
> return a = V [ ( 1,a ) ]
> x >>= f = join ( fmap f x )
> where join x = V $ concat $ fmap ( uncurry scale ) $ unV $ fmap unV x
> scale k1 as = map ( \( k2 , a ) -> ( k1* k2 , a ) ) as
> instance Num r => MonadPlus ( V r ) where
> mzero = V [ ]
> mplus ( V x ) ( V y ) = V ( x++y )
> instance ( Num k , Ord a ) => VectorSpace k ( V k a ) where
> zero = V [ ]
> V x .+ V y = V ( x ++ y )
> (.*) k = ( >>= ( \a -> V [ ( k, a ) ] ) )
> e = return :: Num k => a ->
V k a
> coefficient b ( V bs ) = maybe 0 id ( lookup b ( map swap ( reduce bs ) ) )
> diag a = ( a , a )
> both f g ( a , b ) = ( f a , g b )
> class Group m a where
> unit :: ( ) -> m a
> counit :: a -> m ()
> mult :: ( a , a ) -> m a
> comult :: a -> m ( a , a )
> anti :: a -> m a
> instance Monad m =>
Group m Z where
> unit _ = return ( Z 0 )
> counit _ = return ()
> mult = return .
uncurry (+)
> comult = return .
diag
> anti = return .
negate
> newtype Identity a =
I a deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show )
> instance Monad Identity where
> return x = I x
> I x >>= f = f x
> data K = K Rational Rational deriving ( Eq , Show )
> instance Num K where
> K a b + K a' b' = K ( a+a ' ) ( b+b ' )
> K a b * K a ' b' = K ( a*a '+2*b*b' ) ( a*b ' +a '*b )
> negate ( K a b ) = K ( negate a ) ( negate b )
> abs _ = error " "
> signum _ = error " "
> fromInteger i = K ( fromInteger i) 0
> instance Num k =>
Num ( V k Z ) where
> a + b = a .+ b
> a * b = do
> u <- a
> v <- b
> mult ( u , v )
> negate a = ( - 1 ) .* a
> fromInteger n = fromInteger n .* return 0
> abs a = error " "
> signum a = error " "
> data Complex a = ( :+ ) { realPart :: a , imagPart :: a } deriving ( Eq , Show )
> instance Num a => Num ( Complex a ) where
> ( a :+ b ) + ( a ' :+ b ' ) = ( a+a ' ) :+ ( b+b ' )
> ( a :+ b ) * ( a ' :+ b ' ) = ( a * a ' - b* b ' ) :+ ( a*b '+a'*b)
> negate ( a :+ b ) = ( - a ) :+ ( - b )
> fromInteger n = fromInteger n :+ 0
> abs ( a :+ b ) = undefined
> signum ( a :+ b ) = undefined
> instance Fractional a => Fractional ( Complex a ) where
> recip ( a :+ b ) = let r = recip ( a* a +b* b ) in ( ( a*r ) :+ ( - b* r ) )
> fromRational q = fromRational q :+ 0
> instance Ord ( Complex Float ) where
> compare ( a :+ b ) ( c :+ d ) = compare ( a , b ) ( c , d )
As I 've mentioned previously , we need to choose values for our pieces of knot or tangle so that when they 're combined together we get something that tells us about the knot or tangle , not the diagram .
For example , suppose our diagram contains this piece : That piece is isotopic to :
We want any kind of evaluation of our diagram to be independent of which one of these we 've chosen .
In other words , among other things we need this function : to equal this function : I 've already said how in the vector space monad , these correspond to summations , so really we want these two expressions to be equal ( using the summation convention ) : ( δis 1 if i=k and zero otherwise , ie .
the identity matrix . )
The left hand side is just the rule for multiplying matrices .
So we require M to be the inverse of N. Now we can start on some real knot theory .
There is a collection of ' moves ' we can perform on a diagram called Reidemeister moves .
Here are diagrams illustrating them :
There are three types of move that we call type I , type II and type III .
These diagrams are intended to show changes we can make to a part of a bigger knot or tangle .
It 's not hard to see that these are isotopies , they 're just simple operations we can perform on a knot or tangle by moving the string a little bit .
If you perform one of these moves on a knot or tangle then you should end up with merely a different diagram representing the same knot or tangle .
Each of these corresponds to an equality of monadic expression , or an equality of summations .
But the really important part is that these are all you need to consider .
Every isotopy can be constructed out of these moves .
So if we can satisfy the corresponding equalities of expressions then we automatically have a knot invariant that tells us about the underlying knot or tangle , not just the diagram .
Unfortunately , there 's a catch .
Satisfying the equality for a type I move is too onerous .
So we 'll just concentrate on type II and III .
But the good news is that it does n't matter , there are workarounds .
Let a be an unknown complex number .
We 're going to build expressions from a but they 're all going to be polynomials in a and its reciprocal , like a + a ^ 2 - 3/ a .
These are known as Laurent polynomials and I pointed out recently that I can use thetype class to represent them .
In other words , elements ofare weighted linear combinations of integers .
We can think of each integer n as representing aand the weights being coefficients of these powers .
Amazingly the group multiplication multiplies these things out correctly .
andrepresent a and aWe can now satisfy the type II and III Reidemeister moves with these definitions : ( I 'm making themonad do double duty here .
I 'm using it to represent the Laurent polynomials , but I 'm also using it to represent vectors over the Laurent polynomials . )
For example , here 's what a type III move looks like if we try to arrange things nicely in terms of our standard ' components ' :
That gives rise to the two functionsandwhose equality can be tested withI 'll leave checking the type II rule as an exercise .
With these defintions we can take any knot diagram and compute a value for it .
Note that because a not has no loose ends we have no inputs and no outputs so the result wo n't be a function but a value , a polynomial in a and its reciprocal .
This is known as the Bracket Polynomial As mentioned above , the bracket polynomial fails to be a knot invariant .
Two diagrams related by type I moves will have different bracket polynomials .
With a little bit of sleight of hand we can apply a fudge factor to l with those extra loops and we end up with the Jones polynomial .
As that 's not my main goal here , I 'll let you read how to use the writhe get from the bracket polynomial to the Jones polynomial at Wikipedia .
But do I want to make another digression .
It 's tricky to define knot invariants .
The problems is that knots are topologically invariant in the sense that you can deform a knot in lots of ways and it 's still the same knot .
This rules out most attempts at using the geometry of a knot to define an invariant .
Just about any geometrical feature you find in a particular configuration will be ruined by deforming the knot .
But here 's an idea : suppose you could compute some geometrical property from a particular curve representing a knot and then find the average of that value for all possible curves representing the same knot .
Then we'd get a knot invariant as it would n't depend on a particular choice of representative curve .
But there 's a catch .
We need to average over an infinite space , the space of all curves representing a knot .
On the other hand , there is a perfectly good tool for averaging over infinite sets : integration .
But there 's another catch : the space of all curves representing a knot is very large , infinite dimensional in fact , and we do n't have very good theory for how to do this .
At least mathematicians do n't .
But physicists integrate over spaces of paths all the time , ever since Feynman came up with the path integral .
Amazingly , Ed Witten showed that tere was already a physical model that fit the bill : Chern - Simons theory .
In fact , Witten showed that the Jones polynomial , which as I 've already mentioned came originally out of statistical mechanics , could be derived from this theory .
Anyway , enough of that digression .
In the next installment I 'll show how the above can be modified for use with tangles and give my final algorithm .
In the last installment ( I think ) I 'll show how we can derive the rational number for a tangle using the bracket polynomial .
The following is the ' library ' behind the code above .
Most of it is simply built up from what I 've said in recent weeks .
More Cyclists on the Road Mean Fewer Accidents
Image : yoshimai
It may seem counterintuitive , but according to a recent report more cyclists on the road mean fewer accidents involving cyclists and motor vehicles .
I was convinced of this after spending some time living and cycling in Japan , but it ’s always nice to have some real research to back up one ’s personal hearsay .
This happens because as more cyclists hit the road , drivers are more aware of their presence .
Not only are drivers looking out for cyclists , but as interaction between cars and bikes increase , drivers learn how to drive safely and respectfully around cyclists .
According to the University of New South Wales , who did the research :
“ It ’s a virtuous cycle , ” says Dr Julie Hatfield , an injury expert from UNSW who address the seminar on September 5 .
“ The likelihood that an individual cyclist will be struck by a motorist falls with increasing rate of bicycling in a community .
And the safer cycling is perceived to be , the more people are prepared to cycle . ”
Also , even more encouragingly , it does n’t seem that cycling infrastructure is responsible for the change :
Experts say the effect is independent of improvements in cycling - friendly laws such as lower speed limits and better infrastructure , such as bike paths .
Research has revealed the safety - in - numbers impact for cyclists in Australia , Denmark , the Netherlands , 14 European countries and 68 Californian cities .
So , if you ’ve ever thought about getting out on a bicycle , consider this : you will be safest in communities with the most cyclists ; your contribution will not only keep a car off the road , but will help make everyone safer .
Happy riding !
If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Popularity : 3 % [ ?]
Democrats reject $ 700 billion blank check THE ECONOMY IN TURMOIL BAILOUT PUSH : Burned by Iraq resolution , this time lawmakers wants more limits
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , with Democratic Reps. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , right , and Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , left , speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington , Monday , Sept. 22 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Manuel Balce Ceneta ) less House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , with Democratic Reps. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , right , and Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , left , speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington , Monday , Sept. 22 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Manuel Balce ... more Photo : Manuel Balce Ceneta , AP Photo : Manuel Balce Ceneta , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Democrats reject $ 700 billion blank check 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Congressional Democrats worked Monday to reshape the lame - duck Bush administration 's jaw - dropping request for an additional $ 700 billion and unprecedented authority to buy distressed assets to prevent a financial meltdown , amid a sense of deja vu on Capitol Hill over a similarly open - ended war resolution that Congress gave the administration six years ago .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - San Francisco , insisted on altering the proposal made over the weekend by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to include greater oversight of the new Treasury fund that would buy and dispose of distressed assets , more aid for homeowners facing foreclosure , and curbs on huge Wall Street compensation packages .
Democrats are caught between wide agreement that the nation stood on the brink of an economic abyss last week when credit markets froze and constituent anger at bailing out Wall Street .
Working in consultation with Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama , Pelosi and other Democratic leaders walked a narrow path .
They said they want to move quickly to shore up confidence and secure Democratic priorities from an administration they blame for the crisis .
Pelosi also wants an economic stimulus and a spending bill that would include a $ 25 billion loan for ailing Detroit automakers , infrastructure spending and expanded unemployment insurance , among other things .
The crisis atmosphere gives Democrats considerable leverage to force the administration to accept their demands .
On Monday , stock markets and the dollar sank while oil prices jumped .
" We accept reluctantly , as everybody does , the fact that bad decisions in the private sector unconstrained by appropriate regulation have brought us to the point where we have to do this , " said Rep. Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and Pelosi 's point man on the crisis .
In a win for Democrats , Frank said he and Paulson had agreed to create a congressional oversight board as part of the bailout .
Still , angry rumblings continued to grow in the rank and file of both parties as lawmakers dribbled back to Capitol Hill and began expressing outrage at both the price tag and the extent of the authority that the administration wants .
Feinstein's view
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , called the initial proposal by Paulson a nonstarter .
" To ask Congress to pass a $ 700 billion bill , and hand this to one person with no oversight , I think is not at all prudent , " Feinstein said .
" This is a difficult situation .
There 's a need for prompt action , but it should be prudent . "
Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D - Md. , warned that the Iraq war resolution and the Patriot Act that expanded government surveillance powers were " stampeded " through Congress in the name of emergencies .
" We need to ask tough questions , " Mikulski said .
" How do we know it will work ?
Will it cause runaway inflation ? "
Conservative Republicans oppose the bailout but are unlikely to stop it .
Frank said he expects the bill to be ready by early next week , a time frame some economists called shocking for legislation with such enormous - and still unknown - consequences .
Much of the plan is being crafted on the fly in late - night meetings on Capitol Hill amid frantic lobbying by the financial industry and outside interest groups .
Already , the American Bankers Association prevailed on the administration to alter its guarantee for money market funds , arguing that the open - ended backstop had threatened to trigger a flight from bank deposits .
While supporting the intervention , regulatory expert Robert Litan of the Brookings Institution said , " It can not be disputed that all of this financial firefighting may create serious long - term problems , " including the potential for the so - called moral hazard , which encourages still more excessive risk taking in the future on the expectation that taxpayers will pick up the losses .
Weakening dollar
Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , warned that the bailout will swell the federal debt and " send the value of the dollar into a free fall as investors around the world question our ability to repay our debts .
It 's also very likely that this plan will extend the cycle of bailouts , encouraging other companies to behave in reckless ways . "
The government 's budget position , already bad , will be made worse , said Dan Seiver , a finance professor at San Diego State University .
He said the $ 700 billion is probably an underestimate , once all the additional aid for homeowners that Democrats want , plus the Treasury 's extension over the weekend of the offer to buy up debt to U.S. affiliates of foreign banks .
" Which is only fair , " Seiver said .
" We do n't want the rest of the world even angrier at us , saying you have to hold your toxic junk . "
Over the longer term , the U.S. fiscal position " just got significantly worse because we 're going to float a lot more of our paper out there , and we 're going to have a bunch of junk on our balance sheet that we did n't have before , " Seiver said , predicting that interest rates could rise over the next decade .
" If you 're the Chinese , how much more American paper do you want to take when we 're not backing it up as well as we used to ? "
Democrats seemed sure to win restrictions on executive compensation in companies getting aid , and they are pushing to allow bankruptcy judges to renegotiate homeowner mortgages .
Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , said aid to homeowners is necessary to " get to the root of the housing crisis and work to keep people in their homes through refinancing ; if we do n't , housing prices will continue to free - fall and we will still be in a mess . "
Boxer said California has more foreclosures than any other state , with more than 101,000 homeowners receiving foreclosure notices in August .
Coordinating with Obama
Frank said he spoke with Obama on Sunday and has " talked to people on his economic team .
They 've been talking to the speaker " too , he said .
Congressional aides said Democrats want to " stay on the same page " with the Obama campaign .
Obama renewed his support for a bailout , extra help for homeowners , middle - class tax relief and a regulatory overhaul .
At a rally in Wisconsin on Monday , he added a promise to cut federal spending on contractors by 10 percent and go through the federal budget to see which programs could be cut , a promise that mirrors Republican rival John McCain 's promise to comb the budget for savings .
" I am not a Democrat who believes that we can or should defend every government program just because it's there , " Obama said .
McCain , for his part , joined Obama 's call for more help for homeowners , after resisting such aid months ago as a bailout for reckless borrowers .
He also joined Democrats in calling for much more scrutiny of the Bush administration 's bailout plan .
" Never before in the history of our nation has so much power and money been concentrated in the hands of one person , " McCain said at a rally in Scranton , Pa .
" This arrangement makes me deeply uncomfortable .
We will not solve a problem caused by poor oversight with a plan that has no oversight . "
Bailout proposals
Key elements of the $ 700 billion bailout plan submitted by the Bush administration to Congress , plus changes sought by Democrats : Bush plan --
Give the Treasury secretary broad authority to buy up to $ 700 billion in virtually any kind of bad asset - including credit card debt or car loans - from any financial institution in the United States or abroad in order to stabilize markets .
--
Raise the $ 10.6 trillion statutory limit on the national debt to $ 11.3 trillion .
--
Allow the Treasury secretary to buy , hold and sell the assets in any way he sees fit .
That includes the ability to go outside normal government contracting practices to hire private companies to manage them .
--
Give the government power to designate financial institutions as " financial agents of the government " and require them to carry out any " reasonable duties " that entails .
--
Require the administration to report to congressional budget , tax - writing and financial services committees within three months of using the authority and every six months thereafter .
--
Instruct the Treasury secretary to consider both providing market stability and protecting taxpayers in using the bailout power .
--
Shield program from judicial review .
-- Program expires two years after enactment .
Democratic changes --
Closer oversight , including an emergency board to keep an eye on the program , with two congressional appointees and a special inspector general appointed by the president .
--
Limit the kind of troubled debt that the government can buy to mortgage - related investments .
--
Require that the government get shares in the troubled companies helped by the rescue .
--
Create a means to help prevent foreclosures on the mortgages acquired as part of the bailout .
--
Change the law to give bankruptcy judges the authority to rewrite mortgages to lower homeowners ' monthly payments .
--
Place limits on the executive pay packages of companies that unload their bad assets on the government .
--
Limit the program to financial institutions with " significant operations " in the United States and exclude foreign central banks and companies owned by foreign governments .
-- Expires at the end of 2009 .
Source : Chronicle news services
Nicole Kidman Claims ' Fertility Water ' Got Her Pregnant
Actressand her country singing husbandwelcomed a baby girl in July . was their first child together , and Kidman 's first biological offspring .
She has two teen children , Connor and Isabella , who were adopted during her marriage to actor
Kidman was rumored to have been rejected by Cruise because she was not looked upon with favor by the Church of Scientology .
Most of us took that as a positive for the actress but her latest revelation puts her back on shaky ground .
Kidman , featured in The Australian Women 's Weekly 75th Anniversary issue , says that she became pregnant with her daughter because she swam in ' fertility waters ' in the Aussie Outback during the filming of the movie epic Australia .
She offers up added proof that seven women went swimming in the Kununurra waterfalls and all became pregnant .
Does that mean that Keith Urban had nothing to do with it ?
We 're just asking .....
Australia is set for release on November 26th - sure to be a Thanksgiving blockbuster .
Check out family photos below .
WASILLA , Alaska ( CNN ) --
For more than two decades , vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin was a practicing Pentecostal .
She belonged to the Wasilla Assembly of God church in her hometown of Wasilla , Alaska .
But though she attended the church from her teenage years to 2002 , the Alaska governor has n't talked much about her religion since joining the Republican ticket .
Palin 's former pastor , Tim McGraw , says that like many Pentecostal churches , some members speak in tongues , although he says he 's never seen Palin do so .
Church member Caroline Spangler told CNN , " When the spirit comes on you , you utter things that nobody else can understand ... only God can understand what is coming out of our mouths . "
Some Pentecostals from Assembly of God also believe in " faith healing " and the " end times " -- a violent upheaval that they believe will deliver Jesus Christ 's second coming .
" Our basic belief is that God is God and he knows where history is going and he has a purposeful plan and within the middle of that plan we live in an environment in our world where certain events would take place , " says McGraw .
" Sarah was n't taught to look for one particular sign -- a cataclysmic sign .
She knew as every Christian does ... that God is sovereign and he is in control . "
The McCain campaign says the governor does n't consider herself Pentecostal .
Watch Palin 's father talk about her religious upbringing »
McGraw says Palin's Pentecostal roots may be being downplayed for a reason : " I think there may be issues of belief that could be misunderstood or played upon by people that do n't know . "
When asked by CNN about Palin 's beliefs , campaign spokeswoman Meghan Stapleton would only say the Republican vice presidential candidate has " deep religious convictions . "
Watch how Palin 's religious roots formed »
But how might her religious beliefs impact policy in Washington if the Republican ticket is successful ?
Palin 's former pastor says he has no doubt her religious beliefs will influence her decision making when it comes to government policy .
Regarding her desire to build an Alaskan pipeline and explore for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , McGraw told CNN , " Sarah knows that in Genesis , God creates the world and it's very good and that we 're supposed to be caretakers in terms of not destroying the environment , so there 's no way that Sarah is going to exploit or damage the Alaska tundra in the name of getting gas if she does n't have to . "
Palin 's neighbors react to her swift rise
Six years ago , Palin left Assembly of God to join the non-denominational Wasilla Bible Church .
But the Assembly of God says she still returns for special conferences and events , such as the graduation of ministry students in June .
Video of a speech she gave at the church just two months before joining the Republican ticket is making the rounds on the Internet .
Speaking of the troops in Iraq , Palin says on the video , " Pray for our military men and women who are striving do to what is right .
Also for this country , that our leaders , our national leaders , are sending them out on a task that is from God .
That 's what we have to make sure that we 're praying for -- that there is a plan , and that plan is God 's plan . "
Watch Palin speak at her former church »
Her campaign says she does n't mix her faith with government business .
But Palin did ask her audience to pray for a $ 30 billion natural gas pipeline she is on a mission to build in Alaska .
In the video Palin says , " I think God 's will has to be done in unifying people and companies to get that gas pipeline built .
So pray for that ... I can do my job there in developing my natural resources .
But all of that does n't do any good if the people of Alaska 's heart is not good with God . "
McGraw , who was her pastor until 1998 and while she was mayor of Wasilla , says that Palin attended discipleship classes to strengthen her Pentecostal faith and that he counseled her on how to become a better leader .
" Everyone has a way of viewing the world and Sarah does too and hers would be shaped by the common - sense practicality of how she 's been shaped by the Bible -- which is basically the world view that says
God loves people , people can access him and he 's given us wisdom for living , " McGraw says .
He says Alaska has seen Palin 's faith play out .
As governor she passed ethics reform and took on what she 's referred to as a " good - ol ' - boys network . "
However , she has said she would not seek to impose her religious views on others .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Sarah Palin
" I think one of the most obvious ways it plays out is what you 've seen -- is being courageous enough to deal with deception and corruption , " McGraw says .
Palin now attends the Wasilla Bible Church .
She was there on August 17 , just days before entering the national spotlight .
David Brickner , the founder of Jews for Jesus , was a speaker .
He told congregants that terrorist attacks on Israel were God 's " judgment " of Jews who have n't embraced Christianity .
Brickner said , " Judgment is very real and we see it played out on the pages of the newspapers and on the television .
When a Palestinian from East Jerusalem took a bulldozer and went plowing through a score of cars , killing numbers of people .
Judgment -- you ca n't miss it . "
The McCain campaign says Brickner 's comments do not reflect her religious views .
Palin 's spokeswoman says she is pro-Israel .
Pastor Ed Kalnin , the senior pastor of Palin 's former Pentecostal church , has also come under fire for his comments .
In 2004 , he told church members if they voted for John Kerry for president , they would n't get into heaven .
He told them , " I question your salvation . "
The Assembly of God issued a statement online in response , which said Kalnin was " joking " when he suggested " Kerry supporters would go to hell . "
The statement went on to say : " We do acknowledge in hindsight that it was careless , and we do apologize for that .
This statement is not written as a defense , but as a clarification . "
Palin has done little while in office to advance a social conservative agenda .
She told The Associated Press in an interview in 2006 that she would not allow her personal beliefs to dictate public policy .
" I 've honestly answered the questions on what my personal views are on things like abortion and a lot of controversial issues , " Palin told AP .
" I wo n't hesitate to answer those questions about what my personal views are , but I am not one to be out there preaching and forcing my views on anyone else . "
But in the last week , her religious background and outlook has certainly spurred debate far beyond Alaska .
All About Sarah Palin • Iraq War • John McCain
The candidates for the US presidency have been raising millions of dollars every month .
Find out below who 's ahead in the money race and where the cash is coming from .
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW as of 15 Oct 2008
Barack Obama has raised more money than John McCain partly because of the excitement generated by the Democratic nomination battle .
His donors had pressing reasons to donate , from January right through to June , while Mr McCain wrapped up the Republican nomination in March .
Mr McCain has decided to take public financing , which means that from 1 September he has a maximum of $ 84 m [ £ 51 m ] to spend on his campaign .
The McCain campaign is no longer accepting donations , except to its compliance fund - money to pay for lawyers , accountants and other expenses involved in maintaining compliance with federal election laws .
The Republican National Committee , however , can still raise money to support the McCain campaign .
Barack Obama is the first candidate not to take public financing since the system was introduced in the mid-1970s .
In September , the Obama campaign raised $ 153 m [ £ 93 m ] , a new record for a single month , and can continue fundraising .
PARTY POWER
So far , the Republican National Committee 's traditional strength at fundraising has given it a clear lead .
The Democrats only managed to out - raise them for a single month , August , and the Republicans have almost four times as much in the bank .
There is a question about how effectively they will be able to use this huge cash advantage .
Election rules state that , because John McCain has accepted public funding , the Republicans can only provide $ 19 m of direct help to his campaign .
After this $ 19 m , the money should only be used to get out their base through registering and motivating Republican voters .
However , political parties are adept at finding loopholes in electoral guidelines , so they may still find ways to press their advantage .
Q&A : Campaign finance rules FUNDRAISING BREAKDOWN Obama map McCain map
A look at where the candidates are receiving most donations reveals that Barack Obama has a distinct advantage in heavily urbanised states such as New York , Illinois and California , while John McCain is receiving significant support from the key battleground state of Florida .
The McCain campaign is weaker in the liberal North - east .
One area where the Obama campaign has broken the mould of US election finance is in making big efforts to attract small donors .
As a result , before federal fundraising ended Mr McCain 's appeal for donations , Mr Obama had raised four times as much as John McCain from donors contributing less than $ 200 .
MAJOR DONORS as of 30 Sep 2008
Anyone making a donation above $ 200 must indicate their occupation .
These figures can be combined with donations from unions , industry associations and political groups to give an idea of who is supporting each campaign .
John McCain is only significantly ahead on donations from retired people and from the oil and gas industries .
In all almost every other area , Barack Obama is either on roughly level terms or ahead , even in those where the Republicans would expect to be strong , such as real estate , business and finance .
CAMPAIGN SPENDING as of 30 Sep 2008
The majority of a campaign 's spending is split between media - the adverts , websites and leaflets that deliver the candidate 's message - and administration , which includes offices , salaries and travel .
The biggest single expense is paid television advertising , which has been concentrated in the key battleground states .
The campaigns also reinvest a portion of their money on fundraising activities , such as live events and phoning supporters , to generate more donations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
: : : : : : : : : :
Well , according to Max Blumenthal , it may have been the Council for National Policy :
Secretive Right - Wing Group Vetted Palin
Last week , while the media focused almost obsessively on the DNC ’s spectacle in Denver , the country ’s most influential conservatives met quietly at a hotel in downtown Minneapolis to get to know Sarah Palin .
The assembled were members of the Council for National Policy , an ultra-secretive cabal that networks wealthy right - wing donors together with top conservative operatives to plan long - term movement strategy .
CNP members have included Tony Perkins , James Dobson , Grover Norquist , Tim LaHaye and Paul Weyrich .
At a secret 2000 meeting of the CNP , George W. Bush promised to nominate only pro-life judges ; in 2004 , then - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist told the group , “ The destiny of the nation is on the shoulders of the conservative movement . ”
This year , thanks to Sarah Palin ’s selection , the movement may have finally aligned itself behind the campaign of John McCain .
More …
The Council for National Policy was co-founded by Tim LaHaye ( of the “ Left Behind ” series ) .
Apparently , in this election , he and his group were n’t going to be ‘ left behind ’…
( At a secret 2000 meeting of the CNP , George W. Bush promised to nominate only pro-life judges ..)
From Wikipedia :
The Center for Religion , Ethics and Social Policy at Cornell University considers the Council for National Policy a leading force in the Dominionist movement .
TheocracyWatch , a CRESP project , describes it as “ an umbrella organization of right - wing leaders who gather regularly to plot strategy , share ideas and fund causes and candidates to advance the theocratic agenda . ”
About that vetting ..
According to the Washington Post , Sarah Palin was n’t vetted until the day before her name was announced .
This from Crooks & Liars :
You gotta be kidding me :
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin was not subjected to a lengthy in - person background interview with the head of Sen .
John McCain ’s vice presidential vetting team until last Wednesday in Arizona , the day before McCain asked her to be his running mate , and she did not disclose the fact that her 17 - year - old daughter was pregnant until that meeting , two knowledgeable McCain officials acknowledged Tuesday .
In the first and most telling executive decision of his potential presidency , John McCain makes a rash , reckless decision that , God forbid he falls ill while in office , will be disastrous for this country .
Is that the kind of judgment we need in the White House for another four years ?
The selection of Sarah Palin certainly does n’t seem to have been a well thought out decision ..
I have to wonder if this was a panic decision by the GOP ( and the radical religious right ) following the speeches by the amazing speeches of Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton , and the exceptional acceptance speech by Barack Obama the last night of the DNC before 84,000 people , that was watched by 38,000,000 viewers .
It sure seemed that John McCain had been leaning towards his good friend Joe Lieberman up until that point .
Did they approach McCain and strongly suggest that if he did n’t select Sarah Palin ( who is hard core Pro- Life , anti-abortion ) , they would consider running a third - party candidate , in which case , he would lose ?
Also from Wikipedia :
Leading members of the CNP voted in a meeting at the Grand America Hotel in Salt Lake City , on September 29 , 2007 , to consider launching a third party candidate if the 2008 Republican nominee is a pro-choice candidate .
( This was an implicit reference to Rudy Giuliani , whose liberal opinions on several social issues , such as abortion , gay rights and gun ownership have disturbed the Christian right . )
The CNP ’s statement read , “ If the Republican Party nominates a pro-abortion candidate , we will consider running a third - party candidate . ”
Attending the meeting were notable social conservatives , including James Dobson , Richard Viguerie , Tony Perkins and Morton Blackwell .
The Council for National Policy scheduled a conference in late October 2007 .
Most Republican presidential candidates pledged to appear , with the exception of Giuliani .
So , again I ask , who really picked Sarah Palin ?
As most of the on-air cable television personalities focus on the national politics of the Republicans ’ nomination of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for vice president , stories and footage of clashes between the St. Paul police and protesters at the Republican National Convention are turning up on the internet .
The Uptake , an online citizen - journalism training outfit in Minneapolis , has been at the forefront of documenting much of the unfriendly interaction between the police and the protesters .
In many of the live - streams , which can be seen on the organization ’s website , it ’s difficult to tell what ’s going on because much of the footage seems to have been recorded on an impromptu basis from the citizen - reporters ’ cellphone cameras .
Nevertheless , some of the video is dramatic .
In the clip above , police are in a stand - off with RNC protesters holding a black - and - red sign with the words " Against Capitalism , " on it .
One of the protesters provokes the black - clad , helmeted cops by shouting " Sieg Heil ! "
The police , who look as if they ’ve just stepped off the set of Brazil , did n’t appear to find that funny .
Shortly after the taunt , a group of people advance toward the police line , and the cops respond by firing off " flash bangs , " which Tom Walsh , the St. Paul police department ’s public information officer , describes as a " percussive instrument " that ’s meant to disperse crowds .
In an interview , Walsh declined to comment on any specifics , but he pointed out the local media ’s favorable reports on the restraint that police are exercising against the " excesses of the rioters . "
He pointed to the Poor People ’s March on Sunday ( which was still going on yesterday ) , where he said the rioters co-opted the peaceful demonstrators ’ events and started hurling feces , urine , rocks and bottles .
" The peaceful protesters lost control of their march because of these rioters , and that continues to be the pattern , " he said .
When asked about the arrest of Amy Goodman , the lefty Democracy Now journalist and the show ’s producers , Walsh declined to comment .
In both an online broadcast and during a press conference with St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington on Tuesday , Goodman says that she had approached the police to ask them about the arrest of the show ’s producers , and the police had simply arrested her despite seeing her press badge .
Goodman ’s been charged with a misdemeanor .
" I would submit to you that there are thousands of journalists on the ground , and they ’re not being impeded on their ability to report , " Walsh said .
In addition to footage from The Uptake and Democracy Now , The Minnesota Independent , a local blog run by the Center for Independent Media in Washington , D.C. , has graphic photos and an account of a 17 - year - old peaceful protestor being beaten up by police .
More documentation of some of the chaos is in the Kentucky Kernal , a student newspaper at the University of Kentucky , whose photo staff and an adviser got swept up in the arrests .
All - in - all , if you lived in a world without television and used social media applications exclusively to keep up with what ’s going on in St. Paul , your view of the convention would differ significantly from everyone else’s .
For example , searches using the phrase " Republican National Convention " for the most recently uploaded photos on Flickr Tuesday night yielded hundreds of photos of authoritarian - looking police in their riot gear .
Similarly , searches for # RNC08 on Twitter on Tuesday night brought up a lot of messaging between protest organizers and by protesters themselves of the police ’s movements on the streets .
Free Press , a media reform group , is gathering online names and signatures to sign a letter protesting what the group says are intimidation tactics by the St. Paul police .
As of Wednesday , the group had gathered more than 35,000 signatures .
Free Press intends to deliver the letter to St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman and the Republican National Convention host committee .
I really want to like the Wikipedia rival from the world 's biggest search engine .
But it needs work .
Lots and lots of it .
You could argue that it ’s unfair–or at least unrealistic–to review Google ’s Knol in its current form .
After all , the Wikipedia - like service just went public a little over a month ago .
It takes time to build a build a repository of the world ’s knowledge , even if it ’s less than comprehensive : Wikipedia surely was n’t really ready for prime time six weeks after it was launched in 2001 .
As a Google service , Knol could end up being in beta for years .
On the other hand , as I said back in July , I think Knol is a neat idea .
When it launched , it sported an oddball collection of entries that skewed heavily towards covering diseases .
I was curious to see how much progress it had made in the interim .
So I checked in today … and was startled by what I found .
Depressed , actually .
I started by searching for ten topics ( selected off the top of my head ) that have extensive entries on Wikipedia to see if Knol had anything to say about them :
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Impressionism
Magnetism
Marie Curie
Nuclear Power
Sarah Palin
Steve Wozniak
TiVo
Walt Disney
World War I
Knol returned an entry for only one of these , Impressionism–and it was a perfunctory 500 - word article with no examples of the art movement .
( Wikipedia has four thousand words and more than two dozen illustrations . )
I could n’t believe that Knol went one - for - ten on my little test .
And so I tried again , thinking that I ’d done something wrong or encountered some weird glitch .
It was then that I noticed a message that appeared at the end of Knol searches :
The message did n’t explain exactly what matches Knol was withholding , or why .
But I tried clicking on it–and discovered that Knol did have entries for Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Sarah Palin , and Steve Wozniak .
It just does n’t show them by default when you search for those subjects .
Why ?
I ca n’t imagine .
It ’s the first time I ’ve ever seen Google do search and do it amazingly badly .
The Buffy entry at Wikipedia is a classic example of Wikipedia being simultaneously incredibly useful and a little scary :
It goes on and on and on , and has 119 footnotes .
Knol has 123 words on the series , which do n’t even mention that it was based on a movie : I know virtually nothing about Buffy , and even I knew that .
The entries on Palin and Woz , however , were much more detailed .
Suspiciously detailed , in fact–and they carried the obsessive - but - generic earmarks of the Wikipedia prose style .
Could they have been lifted from Wikipedia , at least in part ?
Yes indeed .
Here are the first two paragraphs of Knol ’s entry on Woz :
… and here ’s Wikipedia on Woz :
The Knol version of the Woz article was nearly identical to Wikipedia ’s entry , but not entirely so : I noticed that it did n’t mention his August marriage , indicating that it drew from an out - of - date version of the Wikipedia piece .
Here ’s a snippet of Knol ’s article on Sarah Palin :
And the corresponding section in Wikipedia ’s entry :
Not identical , but more alike than different .
But the most striking thing about Knol ’s entry on Sarah Palin is this :
It rightly identifies her as the current governor of the state of Alaska .
But except for the cryptic note “ Sarah Palin VP of John McCain ” at the very top of the entry , it does n’t mention that she ’s also the presumptive Republican nominee for the vice presidency of the United States of America .
Actually , it ’s worse than that –it says there had been rumors she might be McCain ’s running mate , but that she was n’t really a contender because of an ethics probe against her :
A tad inaccurate and out of date , no ?
Especially considering that the entry was added to Knol on August 29th , the day Palin became McCain ’s running mate .
Much of the power of Wikipedia , of course , comes from its collaborative nature .
And within moments of news breaking such as McCain picking Palin , you can be sure that someone will add it to the appropriate Wikipedia entries .
When someone makes a mistake in a Wikipedia piece–and it happens all the time –there ’s a good chance someone else will come along and fix it .
Knol is fundamentally different :
It ’s designed to hold entries written by individuals .
“ [ No ] one else can edit your knol ( unless you permit it ) or mandate how you write about a topic , ” states the Knol entry about Knol .
Which means that information that ’s inaccurate or stale may stay so forever –you gotta think that if the person who added the Knol on Sarah Palin has n’t gone back to update it by now , there ’s a strong chance that he ’s lost interest .
Which brings up the “ authors ” of the two entries which crib from Wikipedia :
The Palin one is credited to Sam Goldfarb and the Woz one to Jean Jacques Frapsauce ( actually “ jean jacques frapsauce ” . )
It ’s possible that these gents contributed to the Wikipedia articles that they appear to have cut-and - pasted into Knol , but they certainly were n’t solely responsible for them .
They ’re taking credit for the work of others , and because their Knol versions of the entries are n’t editable , they ’re not just copies of Wikipedia ’s entries –they ’re fundamentally flawed copies .
Goldfarb and Frapsauce , in other words , would seem not to be the “ experts who know their stuff ” who Google wants to use Knol , as explained in Steve Levy ’s story on the site .
Knol has a mechanism for verifying the identities of those who publish articles in it , but it ca n’t really identify them as experts .
It ca n’t even stop them from pasting in content from Wikipedia or elsewhere .
( Knol has a “ Flag inappropriate content ” link , but there ’s no indication that it occurred to Google that plagiarism might be a problem :
You can say that an article contains sexually explicity content or hate speech or spam , but not that it is n’t original . )
Knol also lets users rate the articles , which is presumably one of the “ multiple cues that help you evaluate the quality and veracity of information ” mentioned in the Knol documentation .
But the Palin entry has five stars , and while the Woz one has no stars , it ’s not clear whether that means it ’s lousy , or just that nobody has voted yet .
In fact , Knol does n’t indicate how many people voted at all , which is a major omission :
There ’s a big difference between one person giving the Palin entry five stars and fifty people doing so .
Okay , so much for the ten subjects I tried to research on Knol .
My luck was so poor that I went back to the Knol homepage in search of better entries .
That homepage has five “ Featured Knols ” up top , the most prominent of which is about diabetic dog food .
They ’re pretty good .
Then there are a few dozen more Knols in a section with the cryptic title “ Plain ol ’ bag o’ knols . ”
Is that section made up of popular Knols ?
Ones selected by Google as good examples ?
Utterly random ones ?
I dunno .
I browsed through the Plain ol ’ bag o’ knols and noted the following :
– The first Knol in the “ bag ” is by the Woz entry ’s Jean Jacques Frapsauce ; it ’s on the Beijing Olympics , speaks of them in the future tense , and cribs from Wikipedia ;
– A link to a Knol on The Simpsons leads to a page that says “ The requested knol is currently not published , ” as did a link for something called “ Planning Beyond the Numbers ” ;
– Knols on “ Allah , Does It Mean God ? ” and “ A Reasonable Faith ” are religious tracts ; I have nothing against ’em , but they would n’t seem to be the “ units of knowledge ” that Google says are Knol ’s purpose ;
–“ How to Be Successful ” is actually meandering thoughts by a recent high school graduate on his career plans ;
–“ Liposuction and Metabolism : Does the body change after Liposuction ? ” is mostly what seems to be the outline for a long article in teeny - tiny type , with some promotional copy for a plastic surgery center in Texas at the end ;
– Some of the Knols , such as “ Step by Step Guide to Employee Satisfaction Surveys ” are , at least , not bad .
Not fantastic , but not bad .
I really hope that the bag o’ knols is not a spotlight on the best the site has to offer–but such a spotlight would be really helpful .
Oh , and one other note : I searched for a Knol I was actively looking forward to reading :
The one that Steve Levy ’s article says that Knol founder Udi Manber has written on New Yorker cartoonist Peter Arno .
It ’s not there yet .
Wikipedia ’s
Arno entry remains inadquate , but at least it exists .
When I first wrote about Knol back in December of last year , I said the following :
“ … Google is better at getting things started than finishing them .
Services like Google Base and Google Page Creator remain rough drafts at best , eons after they debuted .
Even a company with resources as vast as Google ca n’t do everything and do everything well . ”
Knol ’s content will surely grow exponentially in the months to come , but quantity is only one issue .
Quality needs to get better , too–a
Knol that ’s filled with swill would be pretty dismaying , and the site in its current form shows that the emphasis on individual authors creates problems that Wikipedia does n’t have .
Basic functionality needs to get better , too :
The Knol search engine in its current form seems to be broken , and I think it needs better features for separating wheat from chaff .
And I ’d give the Knol homepage a major overhaul that helps people find the best Knols rather than featuring some really bad ones .
I still think Knol is a cool idea .
If real experts show up and fill it up with the authoritative articles it ’s designed to hold , it could be a wonderful resource .
But for now , I ’m not making any predictions about when or if that ’ll happen …
23 Comments
Read more :
From Khalid Amayreh in el - Sammou , Hebron Even in his wildest dreams , Midhat Radwan Abu Karsh never imagined that one day he would be tied up to a power pole and savagely beaten by bigoted Jewish settlers who believe that non-Jews are animals in a human shape .
Yet , this is exactly what happened to him earlier this week when four Jewish terrorists ganged up on the 31 - year - old Palestinian teacher as he was hiking in his land , awaiting Israeli peace activists whom he wanted to brief on the daily acts of vandalism , harassment and land theft at the hands of fanatical Jewish settlers , protected by the army and backed by powerful political parties .
Abu Karsh accuses the settlers of being hell - bent on driving Palestinians away in order to take over their land .
“ As I was standing in my land , suddenly four settlers descended from the settlement of Asnael , and started cursing and beating me with clubs .
As you know , I am physically handicapped and could n’t escape because of my leg , ” Abu Karsh told reporters on Sunday at his home in the small town of El - Sammou , 35 kilometers south west of Hebron .
“ Then they dragged me along the thorny terrain , causing me indescribable pain , until we reached the power pole just out of the settlement .
There they tied me up rather tightly to the pole and began beating me with the clubs all over my body , including my head .
What kind of people would do this to a handicapped person who ca n’t defend himself ?
“ When they tightened the robe around my neck , I thought I was going to die .
The attempted lynching and beating continued unabated even after an Israeli army jeep , carrying three soldiers , arrived at the scene .
“ Initially , I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw the soldiers coming .
I though they would rescue me instantly and arrest or at least stop the settlers .
However , to my disappointment , the settlers kept up beating me , causing a lot of bleeding in my head and face while the soldiers kept looking on . ”
Abu Karsh said the soldiers begged the settlers “ to stop it , ” but to no avail .
“ Would you believe it , soldiers begging the settlers to stop beating a handicapped Palestinian ?
Just imagine how Jews and non-Jews would react if criminals , say in France , attacked a Jew who is physically or mentally handicapped , say in Paris or Leon ? ”
At one point , the settlers warned the soldiers to keep away , or else they would attack the soldiers .
Israeli soldiers serving in the occupied West Bank have strict orders barring them from responding to settler violence in any active manner .
When the soldiers , who had backed off a few meters , started calling their superiors to notify them of what was going on , the settlers carried out a last round of beating , kicking Abu Karsh in his underbelly and genitals .
He said he nearly fainted .
Forty minutes later , an Israeli police jeep showed up , with one policeman reportedly telling the settlers to bring a bucket of water from the settlement and pour it right on the victim ’s head , ostensibly in order to wash away the blood before the arrival of journalists and photographers .
“ Even at this point , I was still tied to the power pole and the police would n’t untie me .
And , of course , they did n’t arrest any of the settlers , ” Abu Karsh said .
Eventually , an Israeli ambulance transferred Abu Karsh to a Palestinian Red Crescent ambulance which took him to the main hospital in Hebron .
Abu Karsh accused the settlers of deliberately starting a fire in the area and blaming it on him .
The incident , the second of its kind in less than a month , was witnessed by Israeli peace activists from the Ta’ayosh ( co- existence ) group .
One of the activists was quoted by the Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz as saying that he saw the settlers kick the victim while he was bound up .
“ When we arrived at the scene there were already lots of the army ’s troops .
I saw a settler approach him and kick him , as he was tied to the pole .
His whole body was bound up , I saw they bandaged a head wound and he was half conscious . ”
Last month , masked , stick - wielding Jewish settler terrorists attacked with clubs elderly Palestinian peasants near the West Bank town of Yatta .
The brutal attack was filmed on video by a Palestinian woman , which embarrassed the Israeli government which refuses to take any meaningful action against settlers who attack Palestinian villagers .
The wide dissemination of the video also prompted Jewish settler leaders in the Hebron region to warn settler terrorists to make sure that their “ anti-Palestinian activities ” are not being filmed or photographed .
B’Tselem provided about 100 cameras to Palestinians who bear the brunt of settler terror and violence .
The project , dubbed “ Shooting Back ” is aimed at documenting settler brutality and attacks .
Palestinian , Israeli and international human rights organizations operating in the occupied Palestinian territories have already documented numerous cases of settler attacks , harassment and vandalism against Palestinians .
However , the Israeli army and Shin Beth ( Israel ’s domestic intelligence agency ) , have consistently refused to rein in the settlers , thus effectively encouraging them to keep up their terror against the unprotected Palestinians .
Most of the terrorist settlers attend Talmudic schools , or Yeshivot , run by extremist rabbis who inculcate their students with virulent hatred of every thing non-Jewish .
Some rabbis , especially in the Hebron region , openly preach the view that modern - day Palestinians are the descendants of the Biblical Amalek or Amaledites , who the Bible says must be wiped off from the face of earth .
Some rabbis , such as Rabbis for Human Rights , strongly reject the brutal racism and terror of their right - wing colleagues , arguing that such practices are immoral and constitute a serious distortion of Judaism .
However , such views are rejected and treated with utter contempt by the vast bulk of the Orthodox establishment in Israel .
John McCain went on The View this morning to talk oversimply about all the typical emotional hot - button issues you 'd rather hear Sarah Palin mispronounce stuff while talking about .
But shit , Whoopi made it kind of awesome !
After getting John McCain to babble off the classic " strict constructionist " platitudes about how the Founding Fathers who wrote the Constitution would have definitely wanted all those hypothetical future states it would annex over the next hundred fifty years to be allowed to decide for themselves whether to outlaw a type of surgery that would gain popularity some time after the invention of reliable anesthesia they could have easily forseen would occur sixty years into the future at the time of the signing …
Whoopi asked if she should be worried about returning to slavery !
And stupid strict constructionist Republicans : how do they not have a comeback for this one ?
Has John McCain never spoken to a black person ?
Because that will actually have to change !
Anyway , Barbara Walters saves it by imagining herself as some sort of latter - day Harriet Tubman .
Toyota and General Motors are neck - and - neck in the race to put a plug - in hybrid in your driveway , but they ’re recycling an idea GM explored almost 40 years ago and tossed aside like a depleted battery .
The concept car with the cumbersome designation XP - 883 was nothing more than an experiment relegated to history , but it worked a lot like the Toyota Prius and Saturn Vue plug - in hybrids the two companies are working on today .
It was sufficiently ahead of its time for Popular Science to call it " radical " and ask , " would n’t it be great to have a car that changed from electric drive for use around town to gasoline power for highway driving ? "
" It makes so much sense , " the magazine wrote in July , 1969 , " that we feel they ’re missing a bet if they do n’t put it in production . "
The XP - 883 looked like an Avanti hatchback or the AMC Gremlin ‘s prettier sister .
At 122.2 - inches long , 57.3 - inches wide and 46.3 - inches high , it was a little bigger than a Smart ForTwo and a little smaller than a Honda CRX .
It had a fiberglass body for light weight , but just what it weighed has been lost to history .
The heart of the car was a 35 cubic inch ( 573 cc ) two - cylinder engine — small enough to be exempt from the emissions rules of the day — coupled with a DC motor powered by six lead - acid batteries just like the one under your hood .
You could tool around in all - electric mode or in gas- electric mode , according to PopSci .
In hybrid mode , the electric motor did all the work to about 10 mph , at which point the gasoline engine took over .
If you needed to really get up and go , the engine and motor worked in tandem .
Still , the car was as slow as it was advanced .
Top speed was just 60 mph , and it needed 28 seconds to get there — making it only slightly faster than a Citroen 2CV6 .
The series - wound motor was placed coaxially with the front drive shafts and drove them through a planetary reduction gear and a differential .
The engine was mounted ahead of the motor .
The batteries were mounted under the cargo area between the rear wheels , just like modern - day hybrids .
A flywheel alternator kept them charged , and there was an onboard charger you could plug into a 115 - volt socket to top them off at home .
" You may think this little hybrid is pretty far advanced , " PopSci wrote , " but the fact is it could be built today .
It ’s not held up because the engineers are searching for a breakthrough . "
So what ’s taken so long ?
Photos copyright GM Corp .
Used with permission , GM Design .
LA Times :
Selecting Sarah Palin , who was touted all summer by Rush Limbaugh , is no way to attract most women , including die - hard Clinton supporters .
Palin shares nothing but a chromosome with Clinton .
Her down - home , divisive and deceptive speech did nothing to cosmeticize a Republican convention that has more than twice as many male delegates as female , a presidential candidate who is owned and operated by the right wing and a platform that opposes pretty much everything Clinton 's candidacy stood for -- and that Barack Obama 's still does .
To vote in protest for McCain / Palin would be like saying , " Somebody stole my shoes , so I 'll amputate my legs . "
Palin 's value to those patriarchs is clear :
She opposes just about every issue that women support by a majority or plurality .
She believes that creationism should be taught in public schools but disbelieves global warming ; she opposes gun control but supports government control of women 's wombs ; she opposes stem cell research but approves " abstinence - only " programs , which increase unwanted births , sexually transmitted diseases and abortions ; she tried to use taxpayers ' millions for a state program to shoot wolves from the air but did n't spend enough money to fix a state school system with the lowest high - school graduation rate in the nation ; she runs with a candidate who opposes the Fair Pay Act but supports $ 500 million in subsidies for a natural gas pipeline across Alaska ; she supports drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Reserve , though even McCain has opted for the lesser evil of offshore drilling .
She is Phyllis Schlafly , only younger .
Read on ...
John McCain chose party over country by selecting Palin , a move that eerily reflects George Bush 's reckless style of governing .
The McCain camp may think they can fool women voters , but Steinem does a fantastic job of shredding the idea that Hillary Clinton supporters would automatically be wooed into voting for a woman who is her polar opposite and unfit to serve .
Quite simply put , Palin is n't qualified to carry HRC 's briefcase , let alone be considered her political equal .
Lets break this down in the most basic of terms -- Sarah Palin is a Bush Republican -- say it loud and say it often .
I grind my teeth every time I hear someone in the corporate media tout Palin as a candidate of change .
A change of gender does not equal a change in policy or direction for America .
John McCain may consider Palin to be his " political soul mate , " but unfortunately for him , her heart belongs to George W. Bush .
Young women at Amarillo church focus on missions
When she moved back to Amarillo after college , Kristi Moore longed to be part of WMU again , but there was n’t a missions group option available at First Baptist for her young adult age group .
She changed that .
09/29/2020 - By Trennis Henderson / Woman's Missionary Union
Like many people who have covered John McCain , I think of him as a deeply serious man , preoccupied with America 's defense and its position in the world .
So I 've been confused for the past few days , trying to figure out why he 's allowing his campaign to make a circus of this election , leveling unserious and dishonest accusations about Barack Obama 's positions on sex education and Sarah Palin .
Then it came to me :
The answer can be found in my new Atlantic cover story !
( How 's that for Washington - based solipsism ? )
The story grapples with John McCain 's philosophy of war , and in particular with the doctrine of preemption , which McCain still endorses .
So do I , in certain cases , but that 's not the point .
The point is that McCain knows that preemption is n't the easiest sell these days : " It 's very hard to run for president on this idea right now , " he told me .
So , what do you do when one of your core ideas is out of sync with the predispositions of the American public ?
You spend your days talking about lipstick on pigs .
This might win him the election , but I 'd rather see him debate preemption .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Steven Spielberg has won three Oscars
Steven Spielberg 's film company DreamWorks has acquired the rights to the science fiction novel Chocky , according to reports .
Trade magazine The Hollywood Reporter said Pollinger , the UK agency which handles the literary estate of the late author John Wyndham , agreed the deal .
Chocky is about a boy who appears to have an imaginary friend , but is actually taken over by alien entity .
Oscar - winning director Spielberg 's credits include ET and Jurassic Park .
Chocky is a 1968 novel written by Wyndham , the British science fiction writer best known for The Day of the Triffids .
It seems that my book is now officialy available , so I should give more details about its content .
Who should get this book ?
I think Shannon described the targetship of my book quite well in the foreword :
If you ’re looking to progress from knowing Python to mastering Python , this is the
book for you .
In fact , this is exactly the type of book I wish I had had ﬁve years ago .
What took me years to discover by steadfastly attending talks at PyCon and my local
Python users ’ group is now available in a succinct book form .
What is means is that this book does not only focus on Python syntax , but also covers how to use Python in a professional environment .
Beyond writing a program that works , a good Python developer uses continous integration principles and tries to think about the maintainability of his code .
Taking care of choosing good names for instance , will naturally make the code better .
Test - Driven Development make the code better too .
The book tries to synthesize these good practices and explain why they are good .
So if you are using Python and know how to write a program , and want to push it further , this is a book for you .
On the code
All the code of the book lives here : http://atomisator.ziade.org.
So it can evolve .
On my English
I am French .
My english is far from being perfect .
The Packt team did a great work on improving it , but you will probably feel my french touch in the book .
I hope you wo n’t mind .
On the structure
Depending on your needs , you might feel that the ordering of the chapters is not what you were expecting .
The current ordering is the one I would use when writing an application , but this is my own vision .
If you are a manager you probably have your own way .
I worked this out with one concern in mind : every chapter is independant .
So feel free to jump to any chapter when you have finished one .
Sample chapter
I am giving away Chapter 10 , as an appetizer : chapter 10 of “ Expert Python Programming ”
This chapter is about documentation .
It gives principles and good practices to document your Python projects .
It is an invitation to use Sphinx and reStructuredText , together with a set of good practices .
More details on each chapter
Chapter 1 , Getting Started .
I took me a long time to decide whether I should drop or not this chapter .
It describes how to install an environment to work with Python .
Since the book is for people that already knows how to use Python a bit , it seemed out of topic .
A few things convinced me to let it in : I have a friend that works with Python under Windows for years , but do n’t know anything about distutils or setuptools and how to set the proper MinGW environment to be able to install packages without having any trouble .
Secondly : I am making some assumptions there for the rest of the book examples to work and I am a setuptools fan .
Last but not least : this is a small chapter compared to the size of the book ( less than 10 % )
Chapter 2 , Syntax Best Practices — Below the Class Level , I had a lot of fun there .
I am talking about topics like coroutines and contextlib .
Pure Python joy !
Chapter 3 , Syntax Best Practices — Above the Class Level , This chapter explains amongst other topics why super ( ) is dangerous , how the MRO works , meta - programming , etc .
Lots of fun too .
I think people will enjoy it a lot .
Chapter 4 , Choosing good names , Writing a program that works is a good thing .
Writing a program that can evolve and that is comprehensible by other developers is harder .
This chapter will give you some clues on choosing good names , beyond the PEP8 guide , and how to organize and build a modular application by working out the API .
Chapter 5 , Writing a package .
The main ideas here are : write and distribute all your packages the same way , so use templates and distutils .
Chapter 6 , Writing an application .
Same as chapter 5 , but at the application level .
This field is very different depending on what frameworks you use and what community you are part of .
I tried to come up with something that seems to be the way all developers are tending to take .
Maybe I am a bad visonnary , maybe I am wrong .
I do n’t think I am .
If you disagree , you will still find interesting stuff in there .
I am presenting a micro case study to make things clearerild a modular application by working out the API .
Chapter 7 , Working with zc.buildout .
Buildout is widely use in Plone and Zope .
There are other tools out there of course .
But buildout rocks imho .
This chapter show how it work and how to use it to work and distributeyour application .
Chapter 8 , Managing code .
Its starts with a state - of - the - art of version control systems and continuous integration principles .
I am explaining how you can work using mercurial and buildbot .
Chapter 9 , Managing lifecyle .
Same as chapter 8 , but focusing on software lifecycles , and why the iterative approach rocks .
Also show how trac can be used .
Chapter 10 , Documenting your projects , Just read it 🙂
Chapter 11 , Test - Driven Development ,
This is my TDD manifesto 🙂
Chapter 12 and 13 , Optimisation , Ever wondered how to calculate the complexity of the code ?
how to benchmark and optimize ?
Chapter 14 , Useful design patterns , Design patterns revisited , because the GoF did not know enough about Python 🙂
Feedback !
It is really frustrating in some way to write a printed book on a topic like Python .
By the time I have finished the book and gave it back to the editor , I was already thinking on some changes and some improvments I could make .
I created a website for the readers : http://atomisator.ziade.org
You can add a ticket there for the v2 !
On CNN , Jeff Toobin called out the idea that McCain has suspended his campaign noting that McCain had been campaigning all day .
Then , just to show how gullible the media is , Wolf Blitzer listed all of McCain ’s campaign activities today to prove McCain was n’t campaigning .
It ’s a classic moment because Wolf has no clue how ridiculous he looks :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5pKVDzV2YA]
But , according to Wolf , if John McCain says something , that ’s all that matters .
Pathetic .
And , gullible , very gullible .
1846 : German astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle , knowing exactly where to look , confirms the existence of an eighth planet in the solar system , Neptune .
Galle was not the first astronomer to see Neptune – Galileo , puzzled by the changing position of what he thought was a fixed star , had sketched the movement in 1613 but never published his findings .
Others had seen it , too , but Galle , working at the Berlin Observatory , was the first to observe Neptune while understanding exactly what he was looking at .
By the time Galle fixed his gaze upon Neptune , the existence of a planet beyond Uranus was widely predicted and its position had been intensely calculated .
In fact , other astronomers were quarreling over who owned the priority of discovery .
A Frenchman , Urbain Le Verrier , had worked out a complicated set of mathematical predictions based on anomalies in Uranus ' orbit , and those , in fact , were what Galle was using when he spotted Neptune .
Le Verrier had also taken care to make his predictions public .
Meanwhile , the young British mathematician John Couch Adams , working independently , had reached similar conclusions , but confined himself to sharing the data with colleagues at Cambridge University .
The key to their calculations was Uranus .
Irregularities had been observed in the planet 's orbit , irregularities that suggested possible gravitational interference by another heavenly body .
French astronomer Alexis Bouvard first noted this in 1821 , when he published observations of Uranus ' orbit .
By 1846 , Le Verrier had not only completed his calculations for an eighth planet , but had determined its mass and orbital path .
When his work was met with indifference by the French astronomical fraternity , Verrier sent his data to Galle in Berlin , who – assisted by his student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest – discovered Neptune that same night .
Galle found Neptune less than 1 degree from the position Le Verrier predicted it would be .
Adams was a gracious loser , giving full credit to Le Verrier for the information leading to Galle 's discovery .
Others in England , however , were less diplomatic , and in addition to some cross -Channel rancor , there was also criticism of those who could have been expected to act as Adams ' mentors .
A proposal by the suddenly interested Paris Observatory to call the new planet Le Verrier went nowhere , and the name Neptune was eventually selected .
Source : Various
Only four days ago , the nation ’s voters were asked to accept John McCain ’s assurances that Sarah Palin , known to only a tiny portion of the public and barely to McCain himself , was fully suited to be vice president .
But now the magnitude of McCain ’s gamble is becoming clear .
For every piece of the portrait of Palin that the McCain campaign sketches , a far more complicated picture of the Alaska governor is drawn .
The youthful mother of five whose placement on the ticket was meant to reinforce traditional values has now revealed that her unmarried teenage daughter is pregnant -- a piece of information that the family and the campaign said they had hoped to keep private .
Advertisement
The woman introduced to America as a reform - minded Washington outsider who opposed the infamous “ bridge to nowhere ” -- the symbol of McCain ’s hatred of wasteful spending -- originally supported its construction .
The governor who in her introductory speech decried the practice of budgetary “ earmarks ” sought , as the state ’s chief executive and as mayor of Wasilla , hundreds of millions of dollars in such federal funding for local projects .
Moreover , Palin has now retained a lawyer to represent her in a controversy the McCain campaign said it had fully researched -- Palin ’s role in dismissing a state police official who had refused to fire a trooper who divorced Palin ’s sister .
On Monday , the McCain campaign dispatched lawyers to Alaska in a move described as an attempt to manage a growing crowd of journalists who have traveled there to inspect Palin ’s background .
But the move raises the impression that the McCain campaign did n’t know everything about his No. 2 and is now racing to learn what it can while trying to avoid tough questions about the Arizona senator ’s decision - making process .
“ I really hope McCain did his homework , ” said David Frum , a former speechwriter for President Bush .
“ I can not stifle a growing sense of unease that he did n’t . ”
Advertisement
A former McCain advisor , Mike Murphy , said Monday that it remained an open question whether “ the running mate in a good or bad way becomes a window into the skills of the nominee . ”
Most dangerous of all , McCain ’s team does not seem to know what new development , if any , might grab the public ’s attention .
One Republican strategist with close ties to the campaign described the candidate ’s closest supporters as “ keeping their fingers crossed ” in hopes that additional information does not force McCain to revisit the decision .
According to this Republican , who would discuss internal campaign strategizing only on condition of anonymity , the McCain team used little more than a Google Internet search as part of a rushed effort to review Palin ’s potential pitfalls .
Just over a week ago , Palin was not on McCain ’s short list of potential running mates , the Republican said .
The unease comes as Palin , 44 , prepares for her next big public test : a prime - time , nationally televised speech Wednesday at the Republican National Convention .
Advertisement
She will no doubt receive an enthusiastic welcome from delegates and party activists who continued Monday to express unqualified excitement about Palin ’s presence on the ticket .
As a staunch opponent of abortion , even in cases of rape or incest , Palin has invigorated religious conservatives and other members of the GOP base who have been cool to McCain ’s candidacy and reluctant to work for the campaign with the same verve that fueled President Bush ’s 2004 reelection .
And the speech by Palin is shaping up as a dramatic moment in a convention that has been muted by Hurricane Gustav .
Although grass - roots Republicans remain protective of Palin , the campaign has clearly moved from celebratory mode into a full defensive posture .
Advertisement
Critics continue to question why McCain , after months of assailing Democratic nominee Barack Obama as lacking foreign policy experience , would tap a running mate who has been governor for less than two years and before that was mayor of Wasilla , population 7,000 .
McCain ’s wife , Cindy , told an interviewer over the weekend that Alaska ’s proximity to Russia bolstered Palin ’s credentials , and Palin has pointed to her leadership of the Alaska National Guard and her Army son ’s imminent service in Iraq as evidence of expertise .
The campaign has little room for error .
A new CBS News poll found that 66 % of registered voters were undecided about Palin .
And although enthusiastic support from the GOP base is important , strategists know that McCain cannot win without appealing to moderate voters as well -- a bloc that the campaign had hoped Palin ’s middle - class roots would help win over .
“ She remains very popular in the convention hall , ” said Murphy , “ but it ’s the rest of the country that matters . ”
Advertisement
Palin could face questions in on other facets of her past , such as her 1990s membership in the Alaskan Independence Party , a group that has pushed for more than 30 years to give Alaskans a vote on whether to secede from the union .
Another potentially troublesome story line is Palin ’s past support for federally funded projects that she now claims to have opposed -- a key piece of her reformist image to which McCain was most attracted .
As mayor of Wasilla , Palin made regular trips to Washington seeking federal aid .
The city received $ 26.9 million in earmarks during her tenure from fiscal year 2000 to 2003 , according to the nonpartisan Taxpayers for Common Sense , which tracks pork barrel spending .
As The Times reported Monday , Palin has requested 31 earmarks in next year ’s federal budget worth about $ 197 million .
On Friday , she portrayed herself as a champion of curbing the “ abuses ” of earmark spending .
Advertisement
For McCain , the Friday surprise of introducing Palin resulted in a weekend of buzz and anticipation .
But if additional surprises surface about Palin , McCain could face stark choices .
Might he be forced to anger conservatives by dumping Palin ?
Could he risk an admission of poor judgment , tainting what he has long claimed as a key strength ?
And if a new stumbling block could have been discovered by a more careful search , critics will no doubt question a well - known trait of McCain ’s : that he sometimes makes decisions on emotion instead of careful deliberation .
“ John McCain is decisive and listens mainly to John McCain , ” said David Keene , head of the American Conservative Union .
Advertisement
“ That is either comforting or discomforting , depending on whether you ’re trying to get him to do what you want . ”
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Times staff writers Doyle McManus , Tom Hamburger , James Rainey and Maeve Reston contributed to this report .
Thursday , September 18 , 2008
Google Points Out to Advertisers How Easily Ads are Confused With Organic Results
Google created a German microsite called Google Full Value of Search to advertise their AdWords program , which shows ads in search results .
A PDF they include ( labeled “ Google Confidential and Proprietary ” in the footer ) talks about a Google - initiated market study by Eye Square and TNS Infratest analyzing the efficiency of sponsored links on result pages .
One slide includes an eye tracking study , showing where users focus on in results during the first 5 seconds ; one major focus is the top yellow box showing the AdWords .
Another slide tells advertisers how easily those AdWords are confused with organic search results .
The following from an interview conducted with test user Erik is quoted by Google ( my translation ) :
INT [ interviewer ] : “ Why do the results on top have a yellow background , did you notice ? ”
TP [ tester ] : “ I did n’t notice this . ”
INT : “ What does it mean ? ”
TP : “ It definitely means they ’re the most relevant . ”
3 years ago , Google co-founder Sergey Brin told Playboy in an interview : “ One thing that ’s important to us is the distinction between advertising and pure search results .
We make it clear when something is paid for .
Our advertising is off to the side and in a couple of slots across the top .
Ads are clearly marked .
There ’s a clear , large wall between the objective search results and the ads , which have commercial influence .
Other search engines do n’t necessarily distinguish . ”
[ Thanks Luka ! ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Berlusconi has been a staunch supporter of Bush 's war in Iraq
The White House has apologised to Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi for a briefing describing him as a political " amateur " who is " hated by many " .
The " insulting " biography was included in a press kit distributed to reporters travelling with President George W Bush to a meeting of world leaders in Japan .
He was " one of the most controversial leaders " of a country " known for governmental corruption and vice " .
Only last month , Mr Bush visited his old ally , calling him a " good friend " .
The four - page description of Mr Berlusconi had been taken from the Encyclopedia of World Biography .
It refers to the Italian prime minister as a man " hated by many but respected by all at least for his bella figura ( personal style ) and the sheer force of his will " .
It says Mr Berlusconi was said to be " regarded by many as a political dilettante ( amateur ) who gained his high office only through use of his considerable influence on the national media " .
Acknowledging the error , White House spokesman Tony Fratto issued an apology .
" A biography of Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi included in the press package used language that is insulting both to Prime Minister Berlusconi and to the Italian people , " Mr Fratto said in a statement .
" We apologise to Italy and to the prime minister for this very unfortunate mistake .
" The sentiments expressed in the biography do not represent the views of President Bush , the American government , or the American people , " he said .
Mr Berlusconi was a key supporter of the US - led war in Iraq .
During Mr Bush 's farewell tour of Europe last month , Mr Berlusconi called the US leader " a personal friend of mine and also a great friend of Italy " .
To which Mr Bush responded : " You 're right .
We 're good friends . "
A rather thick article from the NYT , but the gist of it is that McCain on Sunday night said that his campaign manager , Rick Davis , who was paid $ 2 m by Fannie and Freddie to help keep them deregulated , had nothing to do with either group since he left their employ in 2005 .
Not true , we learn , via the NYT .
One of the giant mortgage companies at the heart of the credit crisis paid $ 15,000 a month to a firm owned by Senator John McCain ’s campaign manager from the end of 2005 through last month , according to two people with direct knowledge of the arrangement .
The disclosure contradicts a statement Sunday night by Mr. McCain that the campaign manager , Rick Davis , had no involvement with the company for the last several years .
Mr. Davis ’s firm received the payments from the company , Freddie Mac , until it was taken over by the government this month along with Fannie Mae , the other big mortgage lender whose deteriorating finances helped precipitate the cascading problems on Wall Street , the people said .
They said they did not recall Mr. Davis doing much substantive work for the company in return for the money , other than speak to a political action committee composed of high - ranking employees in October 2006 on the coming midterm congressional elections .
They said Mr. Davis ’s his firm , Davis & Manafort , was kept on the payroll because of Mr. Davis ’s close ties to Mr. McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , who was widely expected by 2006 to run again for the White House … .
Freddie Mac ’s roughly $ 500,000 in payments to Davis & Manafort began immediately after Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae in late 2005 disbanded an advocacy coalition that they had set up and hired Mr. Davis to run , the people familiar with the arrangement said … .
Between 2000 and the end of 2005 , Mr. Davis had received nearly $ 2 million as president of the coalition , the Homeownership Alliance , which the companies created to help them oppose new regulations and protect their status as federally chartered companies with implicit government backing .
That status let them borrow cheaply , helping to fuel rapid growth but also their increased purchases of the risky mortgage securities that were their downfall .
On Sunday , in an interview with CNBC and the New York Times , Mr. McCain responded to a question about Mr. Davis ’s role in the advocacy group by saying that his campaign manager “ has had nothing to do with it since , and I ’ll be glad to have his record examined by anybody who wants to look at it . ”
After the Homeownership Alliance was dissolved , Mr. Davis asked to stay on a retainer , the people familiar with the deal said .
Hollis McLoughlin , who was chief of staff to Richard F. Syron , Freddie Mac ’s chief executive , arranged for a new contract with Davis & Manafort , at the reduced rate of $ 15,000 a month …
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota ( CNN ) --
While Republicans pow - wowed in St. Paul , supporters of Ron Paul threw their own party in neighboring Minneapolis .
Texas .
Rep. Ron Paul kicked off his political action group Campaign for Liberty at Tuesday 's rally .
" Freedom brings people together , " Paul said before a sold - out crowd at Tuesday 's Rally for the Republic .
Paul , who said he entered the presidential race reluctantly , told the roaring audience , " I lost my skepticism .
I hope you lost your apathy . "
As the congressman stepped on stage , red , white and blue confetti fell from the ceiling during a two - minute standing ovation .
Paul said he entered the presidential race not because of what he wanted to do but because of what he did not want to do .
" I did not want to run people 's lives .
I did not want to run the economy and I did not want to run the world .
I did n't have the authority to do it , and I did n't have the Constitution behind me to do it , " said Paul , who has served in the House of Representatives for more than 30 years .
Watch Paul rally his supporters »
He withdrew from the presidential race this summer to focus his time on building an organization to help recruit and elect " limited government Republicans . "
Paul blasted the government for what he considered overstepping its boundaries in many areas , including foreign policy , education and taxation .
The crowd applauded feverishly when Paul said the country should do away with the Federal Reserve System .
iReport.com : Were you there ?
Share your story
He also pointed out that " not one single taxpayer 's cent " was spent on the day - long rally .
The campaign sold 10,320 tickets to the rally , priced at $ 17.76 , and it gave away about another 1,000 at the door .
The event took place at the Target Center in Minneapolis , the same arena that will host Rage Against the Machine on Wednesday .
The rally marked the official start of Paul 's political action group , the Campaign for Liberty .
Paul , who ran for president as a Libertarian in 1988 , never gained much ground during the Republican primary season .
He did better in the caucuses than primaries and managed to come in second in the Nevada and Montana caucuses , which took place before the field was narrowed to just him and John McCain .
He did , however , develop a huge following online .
His presidential run was centered around a grass - roots effort that conducted Internet drives for funds .
Watch what Paul thinks about this year 's candidates »
Paul is a strict constitutionalist who believes in traditional Republican principles like small government , low taxes and a free - market approach to the economy .
He was also the only Republican candidate who voted against the war in Iraq .
The hours leading up to his appearance were filled with a lineup of speakers who blasted the current administration and musicians who rallied the crowd .
An energetic group joined in as musician Aimee Allen pumped her fists while singing , " Ron Paul .
Start a revolution and break down illegal institutions ! "
Former Minnesota Gov. and professional wrestler Jesse Ventura received wild applause as he ranted against both Democrats and Republicans and hinted at his own White House run .
" I am not a Democrat , and I am not a Republican , and I say that very proudly today , because I think these two parties are destroying our country , " he said .
Ventura pushed personal responsibility , saying it's up to Americans to hold leaders and the media to higher standards .
" I wrote the book , ' Do n't Start the Revolution Without Me . '
Well , I 'm here ! " he said over the applause .
" Believe me , with people like myself , Dr. Paul and all the rest of us , let 's get the revolution going ! "
The rally included appearances from NBC's Tucker Carlson , anti-tax advocate Grover Norquist and former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson .
Rally - goer Carrie Duffield said she attended because she is " dedicated to bringing the GOP back to its traditional , conservative roots of low taxes , low spending , national sovereignty , sound money and a non-interventionalist foreign policy . "
" I wish the rest of the Republicans would come on home , " said Duffield , who is from Swadley , Pennsylvania .
Randy Jennings , from Vernon Center , Minnesota , said he hopes Paul causes both parties to take a better look at themselves .
Paul supporters not able to attend the rally in person were encouraged to watch online as a part of " Take Over the Net Tuesday , " and hundreds posted their commentary on the speakers in forums throughout the day .
Other supporters camped out at a dairy farm in Goodhue , Minnesota , for what was being billed as " Ronstock08 . "
Earlier Tuesday , Paul said he was told he could go to the Republican convention floor , but only under very restricted conditions .
The Republican National Committee told Paul he would have to pick up his pass at the gate and could n't have any guests .
" Republican congressmen should have a pass to the floor , but they said , ' Your pass will be at the gate , and we 'll pick it up when you leave , and you can't take anybody with you , ' " he said on CNN's " American Morning . "
Paul said he wanted his rally to be a positive event that focused on the issues he thinks other Republicans ignore : " the spending problems , the deficit , our foreign policy , our national defense , our monetary policy . "
" We 're Republicans .
We believe in limited government and personal liberties .
We ought to be talking about these things , " he said .
CNN 's Jeremy Freeman contributed to this report .
All About Ron Paul • Republican Party
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. --
With the retirement of seven - time Pro Bowl defensive end Michael Strahan , the job of repeating as Super Bowl champions was going to be difficult for the New York Giants .
Now it might be near impossible with the news that fellow Pro Bowl defensive end Osi Umenyiora is out for the season with a knee injury .
An MRI on Sunday showed that Umenyiora tore the lateral meniscus in his left knee in a preseason game against the archrival Jets on Saturday night .
The two - time Pro Bowler will have surgery on Tuesday at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York City .
The recovery period is about four months .
Dr. Russell Warren , the team surgeon , never discussed a non-surgical option , coach Tom Coughlin said .
Over the years , Republicans have used lots of tactics to win presidential elections .
But here 's one I never expected to see : running as Democrats .
That 's the idea behind the latest TV spot for John McCain and Sarah Palin .
It brags about things that are generally more congenial to Democratic voters than to Reaganites .
McCain , it tells us , " took on the drug industry , " while Palin " took on Big Oil . "
It goes on : " He battled Republicans and reformed Washington .
She battled Republicans and reformed Alaska . "
Not a word about battling Democrats .
If you did n't know better , you 'd think they had just been nominated by the party of Roosevelt and Clinton .
This is just the latest feint in that direction .
An earlier McCain ad ( video is below ) said , " Washington is broken , " and " We 're worse off than we were four years ago " -- neglecting to mention that his party has controlled the presidency for the last eight years and both houses of Congress for most of the last 14 .
Usually , when you say the country is worse off than it was four years ago , you 're asking voters to evict the president 's party .
That commercial , too , sounded themes shamelessly plagiarized from John Edwards : " Only McCain has taken on Big Tobacco , the drug companies . . .
He 'll reform Wall Street , battle Big Oil . "
Anti-capitalist populism may be dead in the Democratic party , but it seems to have found new life in the GOP .
Will this work ?
There 's no telling , but if McCain and Palin think it 's a good idea to impersonate Democrats , Barack Obama and Joe Biden might want to make sure voters know who the real Democrats are .
Posted on by nikki
Good Gawd people !
Ever wonder what it would be like to live without the internet for oh , say , a WHOLE MONTH ?
Jaaaaayzuz .
Let me just tell you it sucks ginormous rocks .
I am beginning to think that this little “ paradise ” we live in is really just a disguise for its third worldliness .
I mean , come ON !
Why in the hell did it take them a month to restore service ?!
Here ’s the story .
We decided to switch internet providers ( actually , the whole thing , tv , internet and phone ) .
No problem , right ?
We call the people , they promise to come within a week or two ( outrageous , that seemed at the time .
Can you imagine ? ) .
I was a little pissed , but hey , I figured , a week or two , that ’s not too bad .
We can rough it , read more , play board games etc .
It ’ll be like camping , you know , without the bugs .
A little over a MONTH later we finally have internet .
Our phone service was never cut off ( see ?
They know we make a lot of international calls , and it would n’t be profitable to cut us off there ) .
I honestly believe that the first company did this * just * to punish us for switching providers .
Bunch of effers .
They could have waited until we asked them to disconnect the service , I mean , we would have paid them for the extra month .
* insert wildly dramatic eye rolling here *
If you are wanting to hookup , why not try out Miss Katie .
They have worked with my blog for the last few months and really helped me finding the best way to find love at Elegance Directory .
I never realized how MUCH I depend on the internet .
I mean , sure , there ’s this site , obviously , but even the little things .
My recipes are almost all online .
I could n’t get to new recipes I wanted to try for the holidays , or even old ones .
I had to wing * everything * .
Thank God I kind of know what I ’m doing or I would have been screwed .
This year was my turn to host * every * * single * * holiday * * meal * .
I ’m not complaining about that part , but jaaaayzuz .
I had no time to breathe , let alone make up recipes , and set up photo shoots .
I also did * all * the holiday shopping , * all * the wrapping and still kept my kids and house under wraps .
Mostly .
( What ?
I ’m not freaking superwoman !
lmfao )
Ok , I did n’t lose any of my kids and –AND –my house did not collapse onto itself .
Victory .
Also ?
I am a youtube junkie .
I listen to music on there ALL the time .
We use the net for the kids ’ homework , so some of my daughter ’s stuff had to be done elsewhere .
So , anything positive from the experience ?
Well , that depends .
I think I spent roughly $ 9000 at the bookstore .
They love me now .
They said thanks for the vacation to the Greek islands .
So , they ’re happy about it , I guess .
I have caught up on a bunch of books that I wanted to read .
I actually * did* play lots of board games with the kids ( and bunches of Wii , too ) .
Also , I did n’t realize how much entertaining I was capable of .
Apart from Christmas Eve , Christmas Day , New Years Eve and King ’s Day , we also had several impromptu family get togethers .
No one was hurt !
( except a few champagne glasses on New Years )
I ’m hoping to get back into the swing soon
–
The kids just went back to school yesterday , but next week ?
I am going to dust off my camera and start cooking up a veritable storm of non holiday food stuffs .
Thanks for sticking by me , even when I was n’t here .
Love you , readers !!
XOXO
Tags : Uncategorized // 25 Comments »
Sarah Palin loves the word “ exceptional . ”
At a rally in Nevada the other day , the Republican vice - presidential candidate said : “ We are an exceptional nation . ”
Then she declared : “ America is an exceptional country . ”
In case anyone missed that , she added : “ You are all exceptional Americans . ”
I have to hand it to Palin , she may be onto something in her batty way : the election is very much about American exceptionalism .
This is the idea , around since the founding fathers , and elaborated on by Alexis de Tocqueville , that the United States is a nation unlike any other with a special mission to build the “ city upon a hill ” that will serve as liberty ’s beacon for mankind .
But exceptionalism has taken an ugly twist of late .
It ’s become the angry refuge of the America that wants to deny the real state of the world .
Yellow Bamboo
Yellow Bamboo ( YB ) claims to be White Magic ( i.e. , " good " sorcery ) and an art of self - development , protection , and healing .
In fact , it is a martial art whose proponents make extravagant but testable claims about using chi to ward off and disable attackers .
The video below demonstrates how ineffective a YB master is at controlling an attacker with chi manipulation .
As you can see , the master failed a very simple test of the claim that this cult is based on : there is a " power in the universe " that you can bring inside you and use for protection and healing .
If anyone is healed by calling on this " power in the universe , " it is due to the power of belief and suggestion and can be best understood by studying the placebo effect rather than by studying chi or any martial art that claims to teach you to harness the " power of the universe . "
The YB cult is centered in Bali and on its website claims it has more than 30,000 adherents worldwide .
In addition to healing and knocking people over or out without touching them , the YB folks claim they can levitate .
YB practitioners are notorious for spamming internet communities dedicated to the practice of martial arts of all sorts in order to attract more converts into their organization .*
The person in the black T - shirt in the video posted above has identified himself to me as Peter Dellys , a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner : " For years they [ the YB folks ] have plied their lines about ' no - touch knockouts ' on usenet ( particularly rec.martial - arts ) and several years ago , Yellow Bamboo's challenge was taken up " by Dellys and Fraser Johnston , another Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner , on a beach in Perth , Australia .
For those who think " cult " is too strong a word to describe the YB folks , consider this advice from their instruction manual :
When you first start Yellow Bamboo you do the pasupati ( initiation ) ceremony .
You do the ceremony also every time you go up a level .
While the singing is going on you open the top of your head and feel the white light power of the universe coming into your body .
If you can , do the ceremony the night of the full moon . *
Or watch the following video and decide for yourself if this is a cult :
A few years ago ( February 24 , 2004 ) , the YB folks issued a press release in which they claimed that one of their masters had demonstrated the ability to knock over a challenger without touching him and that they had won the James Randi million dollar paranormal challenge , but Randi had refused to pay up .
Neither claim was true .
The whole sordid affair is documented on Michael Prescott 's blog .
Prescott , who describes himself as " not a fan of Randi , " describes how the conditions of the million dollar challenge were not met by the YB folks and that their " evidence " of controlling the " power of the universe " consisted of a chaotic , grainy film shot on a digital camera at night with YB folks running with the challenger at the master who was to deflect the attack with chi .
The YB press release stated : " On 14 September 2003 Mr. Nyoman Serengen , the founder of Yellow Bamboo ( with over 40,000 members [ I guess they 've lost a few in recent years ! ] ) successfully slammed down , without touching , the Randi representative Mr. Joko Tri clearly demonstrating extraordinary paranormal ability . "
Not exactly .
Prescott writes :
Evidently what happened was this : Yellow Bamboo claimed that Serengen could knock down an assailant by means of psychic force .
JREF representative Joko Tri agreed to test this claim .
He would run at Serengen in a threatening way , and Serengen would knock him down without physical contact .
But the test protocol was not followed .
Instead of taking place in good light , the test was done after dark , under poor viewing conditions .
Instead of Joko running alone , three or four Yellow Bamboo members ran with him .
The test was captured only by a cheap digital camera that was not equipped for night photography and shot very low - quality video .
Given the darkness and the number of people surrounding Joko as he ran , it is entirely possible that one of the Yellow Bamboo members shocked him with a stun gun .
The small crowd could have obscured this action from an onlooker .
( It also appears that most of the " eyewitnesses " were Yellow Bamboo members . )
Yellow Bamboo makes much of the fact that Joko and Serengen were not in physical contact .
But that is not the issue .
The issue is : Was one of the Yellow Bamboo members who ran alongside Joko able to make contact with him ?
Even a split second of contact would be enough to shock him into immobility .
After viewing the video shot by the YB folks , Randi wrote :
I avoided jumping to conclusions on this matter , though it was pretty evident to me and to others in this office what had happened to Mr. Joko Tri , the martial arts practitioner in Java who had volunteered to go to Bali to experience the phenomenon that was being claimed by Mr. Serengen , the chief performer for YB .
As I 've pointed out here , Joko did not properly carry out my instructions , so the demo was not acceptable .
I repeat here that I 've no criticisms of Joko , who had admitted from the beginning that he was not experienced in this mystical procedure .
He did the best he could .
I regret that as of this writing , Joko has been subjected to suggestions of legal actions by YB .
I received more than 75 suggestions from readers who saw the dark and obscure video clip — the only and totally unacceptable video record of the event — and found that 70 of those independently offered me a scenario that matched with my initial analysis of the episode .
One correspondent thought that a head - kick might have been delivered by one of those closely pursuing Joko , and another suggested that he was simply tripped .
The two persons who followed him so closely could have performed either of these maneuvers , but Joko would have been very aware of either .
He was not .
In fact , what he reported was that he did n't know what happened , but felt himself suddenly on the ground without knowing how he got there .
And , you will recall , we saw his body convulsing while he lay on the ground .
That strongly suggests another modus .
I 've consulted experts in police techniques , and when I 've told them what Joko reported , and what was seen in the video clip , they 've all come up with the same answer : we believe that it 's likely that Joko Tri was zapped by a hand - held Taser , or stun - gun .
This is a high - voltage unit ( see photo ) that delivers a shock when the subject is touched by it , and the resulting symptoms are congruent with what Joko experienced .
The subject suddenly finds himself brought down and does n't know how he got there .
He is stunned , his body involuntarily convulses , and — most importantly — he is often confused and does n't recall what happened , particularly the period during which he convulsed , nor does he have any marks or other visible indications that he has been zapped .
Some people have no recollection of pain at all , others feel they 've been " shaken up " badly .
The duration of the application — from a half - second to two seconds — seems to bring about different results with different individuals .
Since the conditions of Joko 's encounter were so ideal for such a possibility — darkness , persons immediately adjacent to him , great confusion and excitement — I have a reasonable expectation that this is what might have happened .
At the same time , I cannot imply that anyone but the person who actually fired the device , was " in " on the procedure .
Mr. Serengen and the others might have been quite unaware that any such ruse might be used .
As anyone familiar with the Randi challenge knows , the claimant must pass a preliminary test before being tested at the JREF in Florida under properly controlled conditions .
The claimant does not get to determine the nature of the preliminary test nor does he get to determine whether he has passed the test or not .
Such conditions would be absurd .
I am one skeptic who does not believe that extraordinary claims always require extraordinary proof .
A simple test , like the one on the beach in broad daylight with Mr. Dellys or Mr. Johnston attacking the YB master and knocking him down , will do in the case of those who claim they can manipulate chi to protect them from attack .
See also chi kung .
further reading
websites and blogs
Michael Prescott 's blog
The Museum of Hoaxes on " The Ancient Art of Yellow Bamboo "
BJJ Practitioners Take On the Yellow Bamboo
Thank you for visiting The Particle Zoo , your one - stop shop for all the soft and squishy subatomic particles in the Universe !
French translation of this page by Vicky Rotarova .
Ukrainian translation of this page by Anna Matesh .
Macedonian translation of this page by Katerina Nestiv
Check out my essay on ADHD , posted November 2 , 2009 !!
Why I wrote this essay
I have been intrigued by autism for at least two decades .
I have watched as theories for causes of autism come and go -- like the Pertussin in the DPT shot and mercury in fish and infant shots .
In parallel , I have been dismayed by the degree to which the American public has bought into the now widespread practices of over - aggressive protection from the sun and over - diligence in avoiding fats in the diet .
I have long believed that these misguided practices are the direct cause of a host of health issues now facing America 's children , including childhood obesity , ADHD , multiple allergic reactions , and teenage adult - onset diabetes .
It was only recently that I began to assemble enough facts about autism to begin to believe that I had a compelling story to tell .
This essay is my attempt to put that story out on the Web , in the hopes that experts and statisticians will take action to prove or disprove this theory .
What is it with Cindy McCain ’s eyes ?
Everyone ’s noticed that there ’s something odd about them .
Even Katie Couric was caught in an unplugged moment omigodding about how weirded - out she was by Cindy McCain ’s mysterious , odd - looking eyes :
“ She looks like a husky , those weird blue eyes , ” [ Couric ] said .
“ Cindy McCain has the most intense blue eyes …
They were so intense , I could n’t stop staring at her .
She must have thought I was weird . ”
To anyone who has ever enjoyed the opium poppy plant ’s many wonderful by - products –Vicodin , Percocet , heroin , morphine , methadone , Codeine cough syrup , or just plain opium to name a few –Cindy McCain ’s “ weird blue eyes ” are about as much of a dead giveaway about her real condition as , say , the folds in Trig Palin ’s down - turned eyes are a giveaway about his Down Syndrome .
Note here Cindy ’s eyes ( close - up below ) compared to her husband’s .
The clue to solving this mystery lies in Cindy McCain ’s pupils , which always , under any light and in every photo , have a “ pin-pointed ” quality to them .
Her tiny pin-point pupils make her eyes seem so freakishly pale and vampiric–which sorta remind one of the eyes that heroin - bard Lou Reed crooned over in his smack - ballad “ Pale Blue Eyes . ”
According to the site drugrecognition.com :
Narcotic drugs like heroin produce pin-pointed pupils that are very easy to recognize once effective training has been accomplished .
Above : how to spot “ heroin pupils ” from drugrecognition.com
As any drug counselor or drug cop knows , when you see eyes like Cindy McCain ’s , the first thing you do is throw a blanket over her , cuff her , and haul her off to the drug lab .
And once you ’ve got her name and license , the next thing you do is find out if there is a history of opiate abuse .
Welp , it just so happens that there is .
Back in the late 1980s , at the height of the “ War On Drugs , ” our future First Lady was deep in the throes of junkiedom .
Allegedly it all started because of a back injury that Cindy McCain suffered in 1989 – the same cowardly my - doctors - made - me - do - it excuse used by another rightwing opiate junkie , Rush Limbaugh ( they ca n’t just say “ I was an opiate junkie because they made me feel better !
You can have my OxyContins when you pry them from my blissfully - comatose fingers ! ” ) .
From the moment she tasted her first opiate high , according to a Newsweek article this year , Cindy was hooked : “ Soon she was addicted , taking up to 20 Percocets and Vicodins a day . ”
The only way to deal with standing on a stage with Laura Bush : 20 Percocets .
But being the rightwing vampire that Cindy McCain is , she could n’t just be a sweet old junkie - hag and leave the rest of us alone .
Instead , in the early 1990s , she was busted stealing opiates from her own charity organization –the American Voluntary Medical Team–which she ’d initially set up to help Third World children to get life - saving surgeries , but which she eventually used as a front organization to satisfy her out - of - control opiate addiction .
That ’s right , our Future First Lady spent years stealing pain medication that dying Third World children needed to keep from screaming their lungs out after Cindy funded their surgeries .
One can see it now - Cindy McCain , sweating from the onset of a serious jones , tiptoeing up to a 4 - year - old Bangladeshi child lying in intensive care …
Cindy grabs the bottle of Percocets off of little Shabnam ’s hospital bedside table and stuffs them into her Louis Vuitton purse …
“ I ’m taking these away for your own good , Shabnam–pain bulids character !
Now if one word of this comes out , it ’s back to the Bangladeshi slums for you !
… So suck it up ! ”
Then she empties the bottle into her mouth , and settles down for a night of bliss …
Who saved who ?
Cindy McCain loved her opiate - front so much , she adopted her !
Officials in Cindy McCain ’s nonprofit began noticing that she was a full - on junkie , and worried .
Tom Gosinski , the director of government and international affairs for the American Voluntary Medical Team ( AVMT ) , worried that Cindy ’s blatant theft of pain medication meant for dying Third World children would threaten the organization .
In his journals in 1992 , he wrote :
I have always wondered why John McCain has done nothing to fix the problem .
He must either not see that a problem exists or … not choose to do anything about it .
It would seem that it would be in everyone ’s best interest to come to terms with the situation .
And do whatever is necessary to fix it .
There is so much at risk :
The welfare of the children ; John ’s political career ; the integrity of Hensley & Company [ Cindy ’s parents ’ business ] ; the welfare of Jim and Smitty Hensley [ Cindy ’s parents ] ; and the health and happiness of Cindy McCain .
The aforementioned matters are of great concern to those directly involved but my main concern is the ability of AVMT to survive a major shake - up .
If the DEA were to ever conduct an audit of AVMT ’s inventory , I am afraid of what the results might be …
It is because of [ Cindy McCain ’s ] willingness to jeopardize the credibility of those who work for her that I truly worry .
During my short tenure at AVMT I have been surrounded by what on the surface appears to be the ultimate all - American family .
In reality , I am working for a very sad , lonely woman whose marriage of convenience to a U.S. Senator has driven her to : distance herself from friends ; cover feelings of despair with drugs ; and replace lonely moments with self - indulgences .
Within a year , Gosinski was fired , the AVMT doctor who wrote out her prescriptions lost his license , and a DEA investigation was quashed before it could start–and would n’t you know it , Cindy McCain was held up as a victim of drugs and hero of the recovering - addict world , leaving behind her a trail of destruction .
The wife of the doctor who lost his license recently told the Washington Post :
“ So many lives were damaged by this , ” said Jeanette Johnson , whose husband , John Max Johnson , surrendered his medical license .
“ A lot of good people .
Doctors who volunteered their time .
My husband .
I can not begin to tell you how painful it was .
We moved far away to start over . ”
So the question of Cindy McCain ’s pinpoint pupils is solved .
She ’s a junkie - and a junkie of the worst kind : A junkie - snitch who turns in all the people who supply her habit and cover for her , and gets away with it because of her rich family connections .
Normally we here at eXiled Online would never stoop to outing a junkie .
But the problem is , we all may be forced to look at this desiccated vampire ’s face for the next eight years , watching this lowest form of junkie - snitch blissfully living life in a pillow - world of opiates , while her husband sends all of the less - fortunate junkies away to the federal rape - camps , merely for trying to feel as good as his wife does .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
When an e-mail lands in your inbox with the subject line , " Important Information About Your Walmart.com Digital Music Purchases , " you can have confidence that what follows will be bad news .
Wal - Mart , never wanting to underperform expectations , delivered again this weekend with an e-mail message to customers warning them its digital rights management servers would be shut off in just over a week .
Those foolish or unlucky enough to purchase DRM - laced music from the store now need to burn all of their tracks to audio CDs — which , fortunately , they can buy at Wal - Mart .
The change comes , not because Wal - Mart is shuttering its music store , but because it has now fully transitioned away from DRM .
Since February of this year , the site has offered only unprotected MP3 files , and it's not keen on keeping the DRM servers up beyond October 9 .
The whole sad and predictable announcement ( similar fates have befallen Yahoo and MSN music programs ) only highlights the absurdity of the entire DRM system .
" If you have purchased protected WMA music files from our site prior to Feb 2008 , we strongly recommend that you back up your songs by burning them to a recordable audio CD , " says the e-mail .
" By backing up your songs , you will be able to access them from any personal computer .
This change does not impact songs or albums purchased after Feb 2008 , as those are DRM - free . "
In other words , the DRM was never anything more than a huge inconvenience that everyone could bypass if they wanted , but now that the music industry has seen the light and allowed DRM - free downloads , consumers have to go through the entire DRM circumvention procedure themselves just to make sure their songs actually play in the future ( DRMed songs will continue to play on the original PC until the operating system is reinstalled ) .
When consumers bypass DRM on their own accord , it 's bad , and content owners get laws like the DMCA passed to stop them ; when music stores do n't feel like running their own key servers anymore , though , suddenly consumers are all told exactly how to go about bypassing the DRM .
It 's all patently absurd and inconvenient ( you lose metadata , in most cases , when songs are burned to CDs ) , but then again , we 've come to expect the absurd and inconvenient when DRM is involved .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gas prices edged higher , rising for the eighth straight day , according to a nationwide survey of credit card swipes at gasoline stations .
The average price of unleaded regular rose 0.1 cent to $ 3.855 a gallon , according to the survey released Wednesday by motorist group AAA .
That followed increases of 1 cent on Tuesday , 4.7 cents on Monday , 5.8 cents Saturday and 6.2 cents Sunday .
Sunday 's jump marked the biggest one - day spike for gas prices since Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast in 2005 .
Hurricane Ike slammed into Texas early Saturday , shutting down the heart of the nation 's refinery operations .
Crude prices have been trending lower amid weakening demand and in response to the recent slew of storms and hurricanes .
On Tuesday , oil prices tumbled to a seven - month low as the crisis on Wall Street spooked a market already skittish about a globals slowdown .
Oil prices have plunged more than $ 10 a barrel over the past two days .
Meanwhile , drivers had just started breathing a sigh of relief as gas prices appeared to be moving further and further away from the record high price of $ 4.114 a gallon set July 17 .
But gas prices have now gained for eight days in a row .
While prices remain 6.3 % down from the July high , they are still up $ 1.06 , or 38 % , from a year earlier .
Eleven states reported gas prices above $ 4 a gallon in the AAA survey : Alaska , Alabama , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee .
Alaska continues to be the state with the most expensive gas prices , at $ 4.399 a gallon .
The cheapest gas continues to be found in New Jersey , where gas cost $ 3.529 a gallon , according to AAA 's Web site .
The Pentagon will be sending 12,000 to 15,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan , possibly as soon as the end of this year , with planning underway for a further force buildup in 2009 .
A request by Gen. David McKiernan , the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , for three U.S. brigades with support staff has been approved .
" Now that means we just need to figure out a way to get them there , " adds a senior defense official .
The troops are slated to arrive earlier than has been previously discussed , on the heels of the deadliest months for American forces in Afghanistan since the war began .
The first wave of soldiers will be a U.S. Army brigade from the 10th Mountain Division , according to a senior military official .
This brigade is scheduled to ship out between November and January , while two other brigades are likely to arrive " sometime in the spring or summer of next year , " the official adds .
And there may be even more to come .
" I 've also asked for some additional forces on top of that for the current fight , " says McKiernan , who wants to bolster the 101st Airborne Division in Regional Command East , which has been rocked by recent insurgent attacks .
In July , nine U.S. troops were killed by insurgents who overran a combat outpost on the Kunar border of eastern Afghanistan .
This week , militants tried but failed to overrun a base in Khost , just a few miles from the border , launching waves of attacks just before midnight on Monday .
Finding those particular troops to supplement the 101st , however , depends on conditions and troop levels in Iraq , adds McKiernan , who took over the NATO command in June .
" That 's really a zero- sum decision . "
He disputes the notion that the three brigades on the way represent a troop " surge " for Afghanistan , predicting the need for an extended involvement of a larger force .
" I 've certainly said that we need more security capabilities , " he says .
" But I would not use the term ' surge , ' because I think we need a sustained presence . "
Both major U.S. presidential candidates have called for putting a greater military emphasis on Afghanistan , and it now appears that whoever wins the election will inherit a growing war already underway .
In March , 3,500 troops from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrived to bolster NATO forces .
Originally slated to return to the U.S. in October , they have seen their tour extended by one month .
The three additional brigades would considerably increase the U.S. force presence in Afghanistan , which currently stands at 34,000 .
Of these , 15,000 U.S. troops are under NATO command , while an additional 19,000 operate independently , primarily in the volatile eastern border region .
There has been growing concern that there are too few NATO troops to take on an emboldened Taliban .
In some cases , the warlords directing attacks on American forces are the same ones the CIA backed in the 1980s when they fought Soviet troops occupying Afghanistan .
Some U.S. military officials express skepticism , however , about the impact more U.S. troops can make seven years into the war , in a large country that has grown increasingly violent — with citizens , they add , who are increasingly disillusioned .
" I do n't know if it 's too late , " says a senior military official .
" But it 's going to be much , much harder to turn things around at this point . "
U.S. military officials are particularly concerned about the sharp spike in roadside bombs , up " 30 to 40 percent " over last year , says McKiernan .
" It 's the largest casualty - producing event in Afghanistan . "
Causing that spike is what McKiernan describes as the " deteriorating condition " of the ungoverned tribal areas of Pakistan , with a porous border that facilitates the planting of such bombs .
. .
« Jeremy Lappen says both ESPN & SI ‘ misquoted ’ him | Home | US sports media weighs in on Elite XC scandal »
By Zach Arnold | October 11 , 2008
In this two - minute video clip , Dana White lays out what the Elite XC scandal is all about to the average human being ( from his point of view ) .
The part of this interview that should resonate the most with the MMA media is the situation regarding betting on fights at the Vegas casinos involving Elite XC matches .
White explains , in simple terms , why the Elite XC “ stand - up ” scandal matters and has teeth to it .
Note how direct Dana White is in terms of his accusatorial tone against Elite XC .
He flat out goes after them in this video .
This is such a strong statement that Elite XC either needs to release an official statement responding to White ’s comment or they should sue him .
The more pressure Dana
White applies publicly on the story , the further this scandal will escalate and the more critical the response will be for Elite XC to answer these charges effectively .
Update :
On the scrolling news ticker at the bottom of ESPN ’s TV broadcast , the network has been reporting ( under the ‘ MMA ’ tab ) about the Florida DBPR opening up an investigation into the Kimbo Slice / Seth Petruzelli fight .
Also , Eddie Goldman conducted an interview with matchmaker John Perretti about the Kimbo / Petruzelli controversy ( audio here ) .
Previous articles :
Topics : Media , MMA , Pro Elite , UFC , Zach Arnold | 38 Comments » | Permalink | Trackback |
Business School Names Monkey God as Chairman
Sardar Bhagat Singh College of Technology and Management in Lucknow , the capital of Uttar Pradesh , India , was looking for a chairman .
The position offered an incense - filled office , computer equipment and internet , as well as a strict rule that all visitors must enter barefoot and worship the chairman .
The school felt that Hanuman , a revered Hindu monkey god known for his strength and valor , would be a good fit for the position .
“ It is our belief that any job that has the blessings of Lord Hanuman is bound to be a success . ”
It is widely known that Hanuman has the ability to leap oceans , lift mountains , kill demons , and save kidnapped princesses , but it is unknown how he will do as chairman of a business school .
“ When we were looking for a chairman for our institution , we scanned many big names in the field of technology and management .
Ultimately , we settled for Lord Hanuman , as none was bigger than him . ”
We wish Hanuman luck in his new position and feel confident he will keep the school prosperous … or destroy everyone responsible for it ’s failure .
Either way it is a win for the legendary monkey god .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Ah , ha !
So , that Chinese S.W.A.T. team we caught ridin ' dirty on Segways earlier this week actually had a reason to be carrying on like they were -- they were performing anti-terrorist drills in preparation for security during the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing .
Comically enough , the drill was said to be one of " rapid deployment , " though we are n't told how many spills were taken when officers tried to actually maneuver one of these things around , aim at a target , pull a brown bag down around their head and keep it from spontaneously reversing .
Just one question guys : what 's with the tiny guns ?
[ Via CNET
We spent the summer of 2001 chastising Gary Condit , mourning Mr. Belvedere , and pardoning Microsoft .
But on the second Tuesday of September , a mere twenty months after widespread wisecracks about the world ending on Y2 K , it felt like the world did .
I 've been reading through the online archives of The New York Times from September 11 , 2001 , to see what was in the news the morning of the attacks .
Here are some of the headlines :
1. Taliban Suicide Bombers Target Deposed Afghan Leaders
" If the would - be assassins were indeed Arabs , as the United Front asserted , the fact would lend credibility to those who contend that foreigners , including Osama bin Laden , are playing an ever bigger decision - making role among the Taliban . "
2. Washington : Rumsfeld Attacks Bureaucracy
" Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said that he was declaring war on bureaucracy in the Pentagon and that he wanted to combine some civilian and military staffs , cut duplication in the military services and shift some jobs to the private sector . "
3. Senator Joe Biden attacks President Bush on Missile Defense
" Mr. Biden has fastened onto missile defense as the centerpiece of his critique of Bush foreign policy .
In part , that is because the system is almost the sole focus of the administration 's foreign policy ...
' Are we willing to end four decades of arms control agreements , and go it alone , a kind of bully nation , sometimes a little wrongheaded , but ready to make unilateral decisions in what we perceive to be our self - interest ? '
Mr. Biden said in his speech at the National Press Club . "
4. Michael Jordan to Unretire ( Again ) ?
" Jordan is either getting ready to return to the N.B.A. at the age of 38 or he is setting up the sports world for a letdown of legendary proportion .
Either way , the drama builds .
Speaking with three reporters , Jordan said he was less than 10 days away from a news conference in Washington announcing his decision . "
5. Grand Jury Declines Request For Inquiry into Condit Matter
" A grand jury has rejected a flight attendant 's request that it investigate her complaint that Representative Gary A. Condit obstructed justice by asking her to sign an affidavit falsely stating that they did not have an affair .... Anne Marie Smith , 40 , said that she and Mr. Condit had a 10 - month romance and that his intermediaries tried to get her to sign an affidavit denying the affair ....
Ms. Smith 's link with Mr. Condit became public after the disappearance in Washington of Chandra Ann Levy , a 24 - year - old government intern from Modesto , on May 1 .
Mr. Condit , 53 , is not considered a suspect in the disappearance , but he acknowledged having had a relationship with Ms. Levy . "
6. Mayoral Candidates Crisscross City Seeking Last Few Votes
" The six major candidates running to succeed Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani ranged across the city yesterday in the final burst of politicking before the polls open today .
Dodging late summer downpours , the candidates hit neighborhoods where they thought they might be able to eek out just a few more votes .
Crossing and crisscrossing the boroughs -- sometimes missing one anothers ' campaigns by just minutes -- it seemed as though the six candidates were out to shake every hand in the city . "
7. Broncos Win Game , Lose Receiver
" The New York Giants did not upset the festive Denver atmosphere as the Broncos christened their noisy new home with a loud and thorough 31 - 20 rout .
The game 's outcome seem to hinge on a gruesome injury to Denver 's Pro Bowl wide receiver Ed McCaffrey , who broke his lower left leg early in the third quarter . "
8. Disco Near Auschwitz to Close
" The owner of a building now used as a disco but once a tannery where Nazis sorted the luggage and clothes of Jews at Auschwitz said he would not renew the club 's lease when it expires in November . "
9. U.S. Blacklists Paramilitaries in Colombia
" Being put on the State Department list of terrorist groups means that financial support for the organization is illegal .
The action also makes it easier for the United States to seize assets , an important factor because investigators here estimate that the paramilitary groups have hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign bank accounts . "
10 . Thomas Friedman on Terror in Israel
" You drive south ... and there is another long concrete wall blocking snipers from hitting Gilo , but also sealing in Gilo .
There are Hebrew posters all over this wall that read : ' The New Middle East . '
Some Israeli coffee shops now have security guards at the door to deter suicide bombers . "
See previous installments of ' The First Time News Was Fit To Print . '
I spent a few nights working on a web site recently — it ’s a public OpenSSH keyserver , in the style of the OpenPGP keyservers , and it ’s up now .
I ’d like to attempt to persuade you all to consider uploading your public SSH keys to http://sshkeys.net/, for a few reasons :
If you publish your public key , it ’s going to be easy for people setting up accounts for you in the future to find it , with a simple wget sshkeys.net/you@yourdomain.com .
If you manage machines , having your potential users upload keys to the site should save your time by making sure they get past problems like uploading the wrong file , since the site will tell them if they try to upload anything other than a public key .
There should be side benefits of having a large repository of SSH public keys : I think we would have detected the recent Debian / OpenSSL randomness bug sooner if we ’d been on the lookout for unexpected duplicate keys , for example .
I used Django for the site and it was shockingly effortless , to the point where I did n’t have to write any SQL or interact with the database manually .
I wrote the following model , which says that there are Addresses , Keys , and combinations of Address and Key that have some extra fields like whether they ’ve been verified against the supplied e-mail address or not :
class Address ( models .
Model ) : address = models .
CharField ( max_length = 255 ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self .
address class SSHKey ( models .
Model ) : owners = models .
ManyToManyField ( Address , through =' AddressKey ') keytext = models .
CharField ( max_length = 1024 ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self .
keytext class AddressKey : address = models .
ForeignKey ( Address ) sshkey = models .
ForeignKey ( SSHKey ) date_added = models .
DateTimeField (' date added ') verified = models .
BooleanField ( default = False ) token = models .
CharField ( max_length = 40 ) token_sent = models .
DateTimeField ()
After that , it all just worked .
The gap between having it all working in the Admin interface ( time taken : 3 hours ) and having it all working with production views was much larger , though .
The Admin interface is full of beautiful widgets that are not at all re-usable in your production site .
The full code ’s available over at github ( under AGPLv3 ) .
I ’d be very happy to get patches to make it smarter , and let me know if you find any bugs .
Thanks !
The Bush administration 's controversial financial bailout proposal may be getting a heavy dose of criticism today from angry lawmakers on Capitol Hill , but Warren Buffett tells us he wholeheartedly supports the plan .
He told CNBC 's Becky Quick over the weekend , " It 's what I would do if I were there . "
The collapse of Lehman Brothers is putting significant strain on the giant , opaque , market for credit default swaps , in which investors buy protection against the risk of corporate defaults , and reinvigorating longstanding calls for improved regulation of the markets .
The cost of insuring against corporate default surged yesterday on concerns about the safety of financial companies and about the potential unravelling of the $ 62 trn ( $ 34.6trn ) market , in which Lehman had been a major counterparty .
Dealers were working furiously to gauge the effect of the winding down of Lehman 's trading positions , and many agreed between themselves to honour the results of a shadow trading session , conducted on Sunday night , aimed at cutting Lehman out of many trades .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Lehman filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy to protect it from its creditors after confidence in the bank was shattered and Barclays walked away from talks aimed at saving it .
Benchmark measures of corporate credit risk jumped by a record in Europe and were near record highs in North America , with the cost of insuring against debt defaults by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs – the last remaining independent investment banks – among the most inflated .
It was fear about the effects on the credit derivatives market which prompted the Federal Reserve to backstop the takeover in March of Bear Stearns by JPMorgan Chase .
Its refusal to do the same to rescue Lehman leaves the markets in uncharted territory .
The unwinding of Lehman positions could affect the values of many kinds of derivatives held by financial companies all over the globe .
Willem Sels , head of credit strategy at Dresdner Kleinwort , said : " This accelerates the pain .
It makes it deeper but it hopefully then means that we will reach a clearing level more quickly so that the bottom can be reached earlier .
The more realistic banks are about the valuations they hold , the quicker they will start to lend again . "
The US Treasury secretary Hank Paulson has been pushing hard for the creation of a formal mechanism for regulating and settling derivatives trades , which are currently conducted directly between banks .
Addressing the crisis yesterday , he called for an overhaul of the US regulatory system to prevent future crises and to protect market stability .
" I 'm committed to working with regulators here and abroad , as well as policymakers in Congress , to take additional necessary steps to maintain the stability and orderliness of our financial markets , " he said .
Increased fears in the money markets have come at a bad time because banks traditionally conserve liquidity as they head for the end of the year to report a strong balance sheet .
A freeze in the money markets would also be bad news for the wider economy if risk - averse banks rein in lending to companies and individuals .
Central banks sought to shore up confidence and bolster liquidity in the banking market .
The Bank of England supplied £ 5bn of three - day money to the market in a deal that was four times oversubscribed at £ 24.1 bn .
The European Central Bank made € 30bn ( £ 24bn ) of one - day liquidity available and attracted € 90.3bn .
Those moves followed action by the Fed to accept a much wider range of assets as collateral for its borrowing facilities in an attempt to boost liquidity in the market .
The Fed meets today to set interest rates .
A 16 - year - old patient , terminally ill with a rare form of muscular dystrophy , should be allowed to use an experimental drug treatment despite objections from the drug ’s developer , a federal judge in Newark ruled on Wednesday .
The case , which touches on major ethical issues , is being closely watched by the pharmaceutical industry .
Under the ruling , Jacob Gunvalson , of Gonvick , Minn. , would be able to start taking a drug intended to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy , a rare and fatal disease that strikes boys and young men .
The developer , PTC Therapeutics of South Plainfield , N.J. , contends that Jacob does not meet the criteria to be a part of the drug ’s clinical trial , and is planning to appeal .
Federal regulators must also approve his application to use the drug .
It was not immediately clear what implications the ruling would have for other patients seeking access to clinical trials of experimental treatments .
Drug developers tightly enforce parameters on who can participate in these trials , citing concerns about safety and the validity of the research .
Dr. Schutt explained that hematophagy is a difficult , dangerous trade , in some ways harder than merely killing and eating your prey outright , which is why blood eaters from different taxonomic orders have evolved a similar set of utensils : the hatpin teeth , the natural clot busters and pain deadeners .
Blood feeders must also be stealthy and wily and good at escaping the swats and fury of their often much larger hosts .
The common vampire bat , Desmodus , which feeds on large terrestrial mammals , creeps along the ground like a spider and , in addition to flying , can spring straight upward three feet into the air .
The white - winged vampire bat , Diaemus , approaches a potential host chicken so softly and lovingly that the bird is deceived and sweeps it up to its brood patch as though to warm its own chick .
Aquatic leeches aim for hidden pockets and crevices : dip your head into leech - infested waters , and the segmented , toothy worms may slip up your nostrils and make a home of your nose .
Moreover , even though we rightly cherish our own blood as the indispensable elixir of our lives , it turns out that , as a foodstuff for others , it is surprisingly thin gruel .
Blood is more than 95 percent water , with the rest consisting mostly of proteins , a sprinkling of sugars , minerals and other small molecules , but almost no fat .
Tiny creatures can do fine on such light fare , which is why the great majority of exclusive blood eaters are arthropods  bedbugs , ticks , chiggers , female mosquitoes .
For larger sanguivores , though , it is as much of a challenge to survive on blood as it is to acquire it .
Lacking dietary fat , vampire bats cannot pack on adipose stores and must consume the equivalent of half their one - ounce body weight in blood every night or risk starving to death .
And because the water in that blood meal would make the bats too heavy to fly , they must cast off all modesty and urinate freely as they feed .
Small wonder that wholehearted exclusive blood feeding is rare among vertebrates , and that two of the three species of vampire bats are found in such low numbers they are at risk of extinction .
The only reason that so - called common vampire bats are common , said Dr. Schutt , is that they have learned to feed on cattle , pigs and other livestock .
“ They love it when we clear out the rain forest to make way for ranches , ” he said .
The only other vertebrates known to subsist solely on blood are certain types of candiru , a poorly studied but floridly feared group of inchlong catfish found in the Amazon and Orinoco Rivers .
A hematophagous candiru ’s usual modus is to parasitize a larger catfish , infiltrating the host ’s gill slits , grasping onto the flesh inside , rupturing blood vessels , pumping out the blood with its highly mobile jaws and then , after a minute or two , darting out again .
Yet for at least a century , the fish have been reputed to target the human urethra as well , supposedly enticed by the scent of urine : fish , after all , urinate through their gills .
Despite the antiquity and persistence of the legend , there is only one confirmed case , from 1997 , of a candiru making its way into a human urethra , where it probably had no time for a blood meal before suffocating to death .
Thanks :
P.P.S.-- The Case for Excitability : Andrew Sullivan 's role in publicizing the rumor seems legit too .
The feeding frenzy of publicity is what flushes out the counter - evidence quickly ( and then it gets a lot of attention ) .
It 's worth recalling Mickey 's grand rule for scandals like this one :
1 ) Too horrible and shocking ; it can't possibly be true ; 2 ) It 's not true ; 3 ) You can't prove it 's true ; 4 ) Why are you trying to prove it 's true ?
5 ) It 's disgusting that you 've proved it 's true ; 6 ) What 's the big deal anyway ?
...
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Political inaction on global warming has become so dire that nations must now consider extreme technical solutions - such as blocking out the sun - to address catastrophic temperature rises , scientists from around the world warn today .
The experts say a reluctance " at virtually all levels " to address soaring greenhouse gas emissions means carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are on track to pass 650 parts - per-million ( ppm ) , which could bring an average global temperature rise of 4C .
They call for more research on geo-engineering options to cool the Earth , such as dumping massive quantities of iron into oceans to boost plankton growth , and seeding artificial clouds over oceans to reflect sunlight back into space .
Writing the introduction to a special collection of scientific papers on the subject , published today by the Royal Society , Brian Launder of the University of Manchester and Michael Thompson of the University of Cambridge say : " While such geoscale interventions may be risky , the time may well come when they are accepted as less risky than doing nothing . "
They add : " There is increasingly the sense that governments are failing to come to grips with the urgency of setting in place measures that will assuredly lead to our planet reaching a safe equilibrium . "
Professor Launder , a mechanical engineer , told the Guardian : " The carbon numbers just do n't add up and we need to be looking at other options , namely geo- engineering , to give us time to let the world come to its senses . "
He said it was important to research and develop the technologies so that they could be deployed if necessary .
" At the moment it 's almost like talking about how we could stop world war two with an atomic bomb , but we have n't done the research to develop nuclear fission . "
Such geo-engineering options have been talked about for years as a possible last - ditch attempt to control global temperatures , if efforts to constrain emissions fail .
Critics argue they are a dangerous distraction from attempts to limit carbon pollution , and that they could have disastrous side - effects .
They would also do nothing to prevent ecological damage caused by the growing acidification of the oceans , caused when carbon dioxide dissolves in seawater .
Last year , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change dismissed geo-engineering as " largely speculative and unproven and with the risk of unknown side - effects " .
Dr Alice Bows of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research at the University of Manchester said : " I 'm not a huge fan of messing with the atmosphere in an geo - engineering sense because there could be unpredictable consequences .
But there are also a lot of unpredictable consequences of temperature increase .
It does appear that we 're failing to act [ on emissions ] .
And if we are failing to act , then we have to consider some of the other options . "
In a strongly worded paper with colleague Kevin Anderson in today 's special edition of the society 's Philosophical Transactions journal , Bows says politicians have significantly underestimated the scale of the climate challenge .
They say this year 's G8 pledge to cut global emissions 50 % by 2050 , in an effort to limit global warming to 2C , has no scientific basis and could lead to " dangerously misguided " policies .
The scientists say global carbon emissions are rising so fast that they would need to peak by 2015 and then decrease by up to 6.5 % each year for atmospheric CO2 levels to stabilise at 450 ppm , which might limit temperature rise to 2C .
Even a goal of 650 ppm - way above most government projections - would need world emissions to peak in 2020 and then reduce 3 % each year .
Globally , a 4C temperature rise would have a catastrophic impact .
According to the government 's Stern review on the economics of climate change in 2006 , between 7 million and 300 million more people would be affected by coastal flooding each year , there would be a 30 - 50 % reduction in water availability in southern Africa and the Mediterranean , agricultural yields would decline 15 - 35 % in Africa and 20 - 50 % of animal and plant species would face extinction .
Martin Rees , president of the Royal Society , said : " It 's not clear which of these geo - engineering technologies might work , still less what environmental and social impacts they might have , or whether it could ever be prudent or politically acceptable to adopt any of them .
But it is worth devoting effort to clarifying both the feasibility and any potential downsides of the various options .
None of these technologies will provide a ' get out of jail free card ' and they must not divert attention away from efforts to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases . "
Mike Childs of Friends of the Earth said : " We can't afford to wait for magical geo - engineering solutions to get us out of the hole we have dug ourselves into .
The solutions that exist now , such as a large - scale energy efficiency programme and investment in wind , wave and solar power , can do the job if we deploy them at the scale and urgency that is needed . "
" They tried for a little while and they could n't do it .
They got him halfway in and he just backed off and went back to my dam , where he was having a lovely time in the water . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
With the price of practically everything jumping , you probably would n't mind getting a bigger paycheck .
But your employer is n't the only one who 's unenthusiastic about that idea .
Fed chief Ben Bernanke is counting on a weak labor market to keep employees from demanding wage hikes , which could in turn boost inflation .
With unemployment rising and jobs moving overseas , you 're probably not in the mood to push it anyway .
So the good news is that the Fed 's probably right when it says that we 're not headed for a replay of the stagflation of the 1970s , replete with its so - called wage - price spiral .
Unfortunately , that means Americans are going to be feeling poorer - with no end in sight .
Soaring costs
On Thursday , the government said consumer prices soared 5.6 % from a year ago in July , the biggest year - over - year rise in 17 years .
Much of that increase was driven by the soaring costs of food and energy , though Bank of America economist Lynn Reaser notes that prices were sharply higher across the board .
" This number was a shocker , " Reaser says , adding that practically " the only benign increase was in health care , " where prices - after years of strong growth - were a modest 3.5 % above year - ago levels .
The textbook response to soaring inflation is for the Fed to raise interest rates .
But Fed chief Ben Bernanke has spent the past year slashing rates in a bid to prop up the financial sector , which is laboring under a mountain of bad loans and broken credit markets .
Where financial institutions used to borrow heavily in short - term markets such as the repo market , they now get much of their cash via various federal lending programs .
Fed 's limited options
" They can't tighten credit now , because of where banks are getting their funding , " says Howard Simons , a strategist at Bianco Research in Chicago .
Moreover , the Fed appears willing , for now , to accept a few months of big headline inflation numbers as long as there 's no sign of the dreaded wage - price spiral - the 1970s phenomenon in which inflation took root as pinched workers demanded raises .
With the economy slowing , and wages stagnant for most of the past decade , a weak labor market is giving the Fed room to stand pat .
Unemployment has risen by more than a percentage point , to 5.7 % , since the housing boom peaked in the middle of this decade .
The four - week seasonally adjusted moving average of new jobless claims was 440,500 last week - up 40 % from a year ago .
Along with the recent decline in energy prices and a rally in the value of the dollar , the soft labor market numbers should ease the pressure on wage growth , Reaser says .
She adds that next month 's inflation numbers should look better , given the 20 % drop in the price of crude oil since mid-July .
But what 's good for the Fed , in this case , is bad for consumers .
Combine a slack labor market with falling prices for stocks and houses , and it's clear that Americans ' finances are getting stretched by the month - with no end in sight .
" The American worker does not have a whole lot of bargaining power right now , " says Simons .
" We 're looking at the impoverishment of the American wage earner . "
Human Rights
Watch says it has letter acknowledging use of cluster bombs near Russian border tunnel
This article is more than 12 years old
This article is more than 12 years old
Georgia has admitted dropping cluster bombs during its attempt to regain control of its breakaway province of South Ossetia , a human rights group said today .
Human Rights
Watch said it had received a letter from the Georgian defence ministry acknowledging the use of M85 cluster bombs near the Roki tunnel that connects South Ossetia with Russia .
Georgia launched its ill - fated campaign to retake South Ossetia last month , prompting Russia to invade Georgia and occupy Georgian territory .
Human Rights
Watch has accused Russia of using cluster bombs in populated areas in Georgia , killing at least 11 civilians and injuring dozens .
The New York - based group last month called on Russia to immediately stop using cluster bombs , which 100 countries recently agreed to ban .
" Cluster bombs are indiscriminate killers that most nations have agreed to outlaw .
Russia 's use of this weapon is not only deadly to civilians , but also an insult to international efforts to avoid a global humanitarian disaster of the kind caused by landmines , " Marc Garlasco , a senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch , said recently .
The South Ossetia conflict was the first time cluster bombs were deployed since the Lebanon war in 2006 , when M85s were used extensively by Israel against Hizbullah .
Cluster munitions , which contain dozens or hundreds of smaller submunitions or bomblets , have been condemned because of their capacity to kill and maim civilians .
Many do not immediately explode , causing civilian casualties for months or years to come .
In May , 107 nations agreed to a total ban on cluster munitions , but Russia did not take part in the talks .
Russia was not part of the Oslo process launched in February 2007 to develop a new international treaty banning cluster munitions .
The convention on cluster munitions agreed in May comprehensively bans the use , production , trade and stockpiling of the weapon .
It will be open for signature in Oslo on December 3 .
Jammie Thomas , left , and her attorney , Brian Toder , leave the courthouse last year after a jury dinged her $ 222,000 for sharing 24 songs on the Kazaa file - sharing network .
Photo : Associated PressA federal judge on Wednesday set aside the nation 's first and only federal jury verdict against a peer - to - peer file sharer for distributing copyrighted music on a peer - to - peer network without the labels ' authorization .
U.S. District Judge Michael Davis of Duluth , Minnesota , declared a mistrial in the case of Jammie Thomas , a Minnesota mother of three , setting aside the $ 222,000 penalty levied by a federal jury last year for copyright infringement – $ 9,250 for each of the 24 infringing music tracks she made publicly available on the Kazaa file sharing network .
Davis ' decision means the Recording Industry Association of America 's five - year copyright infringement litigation campaign has never been successful at trial .
Most of the 30,000 cases have settled out of court for a few thousand dollars and have never broached the hot - button legal issue that ultimately prompted Davis to declare a mistrial .
Thomas was the nation 's only RIAA target to take her case to trial , which last year ended in an RIAA victory .
The case emboldened the recording industry 's resolve to continue its public relations effort against file sharing through a nationwide litigation campaign .
The legal brouhaha prompting Davis to declare a mistrial focused at the heart of all file sharing cases :
What level of proof was necessary for the RIAA to prevail .
Davis had instructed ( . pdf ) the jury last year that the recording industry did not have to prove anybody downloaded the songs from Thomas ' open Kazaa share folder .
Davis read Jury Instruction No. 15 to jurors saying they could find unauthorized distribution – copyright infringement – if Thomas was " making copyrighted sound recordings available " over a peer - to - peer network " regardless of whether actual distribution has been shown . "
But Davis had second thoughts and , without any urging from the litigants in the case , summoned the parties back to his courtroom in August , writing in a brief order that he may have committed a " manifest error of the law . "
He heard arguments from both sides and said he would issue a ruling soon .
With Wednesday 's opinion , Davis made his revised position official and ordered a retrial – one with different jury instructions .
" Jury Instruction No. 15 was erroneous , and that error substantially prejudiced Thomas ' rights .
Based on the court 's error in instructing the jury , it grants Thomas a new trial , " the judge ruled ( .pdf ) .
The RIAA , which is the music industry 's lobbying and litigation arm , fought hard to keep Jury Instruction No. 15 in play .
The group told the judge that copyright infringement on peer - to - peer networks is implied , and that it should n't have to provide proof of an actual transfer – because it 's impossible .
" Requiring proof of actual transfers would cripple efforts to enforce copyright owners ' rights online – and would solely benefit those who seek to freeload off plaintiff 's investment , " RIAA attorney Timothy Reynolds said in a court filing ( .pdf ) .
It was the third time a federal judge had ruled against the RIAA on the making - available claim .
The decisions in the other two cases were in a pretrial stages , one case of which was dismissed in the RIAA 's favor because a judge concluded the defendant had tampered with evidence and ordered him to pay $ 40,000 .
Still , Judge Davis ' decision does not derail the RIAA 's case against Thomas on retrial or any other pending or future case .
Davis ruled that the downloads from Thomas ' open share folder that RIAA investigators made , 24 in all , " can form the basis of an infringement claim . "
The RIAA 's investigators make downloads in every case .
Still , during the trial , the RIAA went to great lengths to demonstrate to jurors that Thomas had unlawfully downloaded the 1,000 songs from Kazaa – the same songs she was sharing on Kazaa .
The RIAA charged her with 24 song violations .
Violations of the Copyright Act carry fines of up to $ 150,000 per music track .
The act says a rights holder has the exclusive right " to distribute copies or phono - records of the copyrighted work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership , or by rental , lease or lending . "
One juror told Wired.com after the verdict that some panelists wanted to level $ 150,000 for each track , but they settled on $ 9,250 per download .
The RIAA sues after online detectives log onto Kazaa , Limewire and other file sharing services .
They look into open share folders , take screenshots of the music listed and download some of the songs .
They also obtain IP addresses , which are easily determined on open networks .
With those addresses , the RIAA subpoenas internet service providers to cough up the identity of the account holder .
The RIAA then sues the account holder , who usually settles out of court because it is substantially cheaper than hiring a lawyer and fighting .
Only one other federal judge has ruled that the downloads made by RIAA investigators count as evidence of unauthorized distribution .
The U.S. Supreme Court has never decided the issue .
Digital rights groups say downloads made by RIAA investigators should not count against a defendant because the detectives were authorized by the music industry to make the downloads .
The judge also took a few pages to decry as exorbitant the award the jury rendered against Thomas and urged Congress to change the law .
" While the court does not discount plaintiffs ' claim that , cumulatively , illegal downloading has far - reaching effects on their businesses , the damages awarded in this case are wholly disproportionate to the damages suffered by plaintiffs .
Thomas allegedly infringed on the copyrights of 24 songs -‐ the equivalent of approximately three CDs , costing less than $ 54 , and yet the total damages awarded is $ 222,000 – more than 500 times the cost of buying 24 separate CDs and more than 4,000 times the cost of three CDs . "
Still , a looming and unsettled issue has recently surfaced involving RIAA file sharing cases .
It involves whether RIAA investigators broke the law when they gathered evidence , as they are not licensed investigators .
See Also :
HOUSTON 
For all the support that the presidential candidates are expressing for renewable energy , alternative energies like wind and solar are facing big new challenges because of the credit freeze and the plunge in oil and natural gas prices .
Shares of alternative energy companies have fallen even more sharply than the rest of the stock market in recent months .
The struggles of financial institutions are raising fears that investment capital for big renewable energy projects is likely to get tighter .
Advocates are concerned that if the prices for oil and gas keep falling , the incentive for utilities and consumers to buy expensive renewable energy will shrink .
That is what happened in the 1980s when a decade of advances for alternative energy collapsed amid falling prices for conventional fuels .
“ Everyone is in shock about what the new world is going to be , ” said V. John White , executive director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technology , a California advocacy group .
“ Surely , renewable energy projects and new technologies are at risk because of their capital intensity . ”
Nancy Pfotenhauer is the former President of the Independent Women 's Forum , which does n't represent " independent " women as much as it does conservative ones ; she is also , as anyone who watches cable news as obsessively as we do knows , an advisor to the McCain campaign .
As such , we are forced to watch her practice her brand of phony , over - smiling condescending reiteration of annoying Republican talking points far too often .
( She may even be worse than Tucker Bounds ! )
While some might say that Nancy is just full of Botox and lip filler , we think she 's full of crap — and this compilation video , we think , shows why .
Related : McCain Spokesman Told Off On All Networks [ Gawker ]
Advertisement
WASHINGTON 
The financial services industry , which has spent billions on lobbying and campaign contributions over the last decade , is scrambling to make its case for a proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan amid deep public skepticism .
Wall Street firms , commercial banks and insurers are lobbying on an array of issues — from beating back proposals to make it easier to reduce mortgage debts in bankruptcy courts to fighting , unsuccessfully so far , to retain control over executive pay .
" You have a feeding frenzy going on , " said Ellen Miller , executive director of the Sunlight Foundation , a non-partisan watchdog group .
Camden Fine , head of the Independent Community Bankers of America , said he worked through the weekend to successfully extend the bailout plan to commercial banks .
He has n't stopped working the phones since .
" If cellphones cause cancer , I 'm in trouble , " he said .
The financial services industry has left its mark in other ways .
An early draft of the proposal had restricted the bailout to firms headquartered in the United States .
Scott Talbott , the top lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , said his group was among those that helped to expand that definition to firms with " a significant presence " here .
The trade group 's members include London - based Barclays .
The association was working to defeat a proposal to allow bankruptcy judges to reduce mortgage debts .
Talbott said that would increase banks ' risks and drive up mortgage costs .
" It could price some people out of the ( housing ) market , " he said .
Consumer groups say the bankruptcy measure would help reduce the number of foreclosures and ease the financial crisis .
" Why is anyone listening to the people who brought us this problem ? " asked Kathleen Day , a spokeswoman for the Center for Responsible Lending , which supports the bankruptcy change .
Government watchdogs and consumer groups say the political muscle of the industry helped it persuade Congress to change banking and bankruptcy laws in ways that contributed to the crisis .
Political action committees and individual employees of the financial services industry — which includes finance , insurance and real estate companies — have contributed $ 2 billion to federal campaigns since 1989 , according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics ( CRP ) .
The industry , for example , has contributed nearly a third of all the campaign money that has flowed to the chairmen of the House and Senate committees overseeing the bailout , according to the Sunlight Foundation , which analyzed CRP 's campaign finance data .
" What is most troubling about this historic episode is that the problems were identified years ago , " Common Cause , a watchdog group , said in a report on the influence of the industry 's campaign contributions and lobbying .
" Yet , thanks in part to the political power of the financial institutions … the government refused to step in . "
The report cited a 2005 amendment defeated in the Senate , 40 - 58 , that would have curbed predatory lending .
No Republicans supported it , Senate records show , and four Democrats voted against it , including Joe Biden , the Democratic vice presidential nominee .
His running mate , Barack Obama , voted for it .
Republican nominee John McCain voted against it .
In an interview , Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , who sponsored the amendment , noted that opponents warned that the measure would have driven Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of the business of subprime lending , which " could have averted this crisis . "
Durbin said the bill did n't pass because " there was a lot of money being made — and the people who were making money in this subprime mortgage mess , many of them were major contributors .
That , unfortunately , is a major factor in the decision - making process in Washington . "
But the financial meltdown has dented the industry 's credibility in Congress , says John O'Neill , a lobbyist for the law firm Venable and former staffer for the Senate Finance Committee .
That may explain its failure Wednesday to stop Congress from imposing limits on the salaries of executives whose firms seek assistance from the government .
" They 're going to be viewed , parts of the financial industry , as a little bit radioactive by some folks up there , " O'Neill says .
The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking the role of money in politics
DONATIONS TO SENATE COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Member Party State Chair , subcommittee chair or ranking member Total contributions Financial services contributions Percent finance contributions of total Dodd , Chris , chairman D Conn .
Yes $ 43,344,186 $ 13,163,356 30 %
Shelby , Richard C. , ranking member R Ala .
Yes $ 20,741,533 $ 4,240,502 20 % Johnson , Tim D S.C. Yes $ 16,364,546 $ 2,782,143 17 % Hagel , Chuck R Neb .
Yes $ 8,408,360 $ 1,610,616 19 % Schumer , Charles D NY Yes $ 46,362,049 $ 12,793,446 28 % Crapo , Mike R Idaho Yes $ 7,058,045 $ 1,278,842 18 % Bayh , Evan D Ind .
Yes $ 23,910,036 $ 3,971,396 17 % Martinez , Mel R Fla .
Yes $ 16,088,801 $ 2,896,435 18 % Reed , Jack D R.I. Yes $ 13,147,550 $ 2,686,232 20 % Allard , Wayne R Colo .
Yes $ 9,103,388 $ 1,447,500 16 % Carper , Tom D Del .
Yes $ 8,306,428 $ 2,097,718 25 % Bunning , Jim R Ky. Yes $ 17,402,562 $ 2,417,585 14 % Menendez , Robert D N.J. No $ 26,087,972 $ 3,820,822 15 % Akaka , Daniel D Hawaii No $ 6,428,013 $ 549,095 9 % Brown , Sherrod D Ohio No $ 17,364,119 $ 1,432,581 8 % Bennett , Robert F. R Utah No $ 10,546,194 $ 1,864,292 18 % Enzi , Mike R Wyo.
No $ 4,303,148 $ 943,894 22 % Dole , Elizabeth R N.C. No $ 30,528,042 $ 3,285,529 11 % Corker , Bob R Tenn .
No $ 21,122,955 $ 2,422,829 11 %
Note :
The original version of the Senate table did not include Sens. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Jon Tester of Montana .
Their information is appended here .
Bob Casey D Pa. No $ 18,314,993 $ 1,187,986 6.5 % Jon Tester D Mont .
No $ 5,838,208 $ 439,361 7.5 %
DONATIONS TO HOUSE COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Member Party State Chair , subcommittee chair or ranking member Total contributions Financial services contributions Percent finance contributions of total Frank , Barney , chairman D Mass .
Yes $ 7,800,282 $ 2,430,361 31 % Bachus , Spencer , ranking member R Ala .
Yes $ 8,478,461 $ 3,579,199 42 % Kanjorksi , Paul D Pa. Yes $ 6,526,370 $ 2,718,472 42 % Pryce , Deborah R Ohio Yes $ 9,644,584 $ 2,805,109 29 % Maloney , Carolyn D N.Y .
Yes $ 8,206,424 $ 2,390,461 29 % Biggert , Judy R Ill .
Yes $ 4,812,163 $ 1,300,677 27 % Waters , Maxine D Calif .
Yes $ 3,687,508 $ 359,445 10 % Capito , Shelley Moore R W.Va .
Yes $ 9,471,708 $ 1,442,572 15 % Gutierrez , Luis V. D Ill .
Yes $ 3,629,409 $ 661,907 18 % Paul , Ron R Texas Yes $ 50,054,595 $ 1,659,559 3 % Watt , Melvin D N.C. Yes $ 3,784,876 $ 780,278 21 % Miller , Gary G. R Calif .
Yes $ 3,364,982 $ 690,788 21 % Velazquez , Nydia M. D N.Y .
No $ 5,400,152 $ 1,165,525 22 % Ackerman , Gary L. D N.Y .
No $ 9,395,930 $ 1,504,140 16 % Sherman , Brad D Calif .
No $ 7,839,873 $ 1,462,636 19 % Meeks , Gregory W. D N.Y .
No $ 3,657,984 $ 1,015,432 28 % Moore , Dennis D Kan .
No $ 10,545,735 $ 1,934,779 18 % Capuano , Michael E. D Mass .
No $ 4,402,712 $ 813,176 18 % Hinojosa , Ruben D Texas No $ 4,100,872 $ 735,536 18 % Clay , William Lacy D Mo. No $ 2,393,701 $ 290,100 12 % McCarthy , Carolyn D N.Y. No $ 10,052,787 $ 908,045 9 % Baca , Joe D Calif .
No $ 4,124,421 $ 460,832 11 % Lynch , Stephen F. D Mass .
No $ 5,707,556 $ 765,494 13 % Miller , Brad D N.C. No $ 4,652,256 $ 770,481 17 % Scott , David D Ga. No $ 4,287,122 $ 911,504 21 % Green , Al D Texas No $ 1,500,075 $ 183,265 12 % Cleaver , Emanuel D Mo. No $ 2,589,538 $ 313,549 12 % Bean , Melissa L. D Ill .
No $ 8,913,613 $ 1,573,756 18 % Moore , Gwen D Wis.
No $ 2,086,326 $ 254,879 12 % Davis , Lincoln D Tenn .
No $ 4,366,497 $ 482,275 11 % Hodes , Paul W. D N.H. No $ 1,618,766 $ 259,522 16 % Ellison , Keith D Minn .
No $ 1,138,378 $ 90,365 8 % Klein , Ron D Fla .
No $ 3,320,808 $ 789,238 24 % Mahoney , Tim D Fla .
No $ 2,553,626 $ 495,415 19 % Wilson , Charles D Ohio No $ 609,691 $ 146,819 24 % Perlmutter , Ed D Colo .
No $ 1,419,818 $ 341,185 24 % Murphy , Christopher S. D Conn .
No $ 2,307,762 $ 493,332 21 % Donnelly , Joe D Ind.
No $ 1,580,631 $ 219,956 14 % Foster , Bill D Ill .
No $ 3,911,647 $ 161,936 4 % Carson , Andre D Ind .
No $ 1,306,787 $ 137,400 11 % Speier , Jackie D Calif .
No $ 1,290,807 $ 183,099 14 % Cazayoux , Don D La. No $ 2,039,860 $ 112,300 6 % Childers , Travis D Miss .
No $ 1,315,736 $ 68,050 5 % Castle , Mike R Del . No $ 7,591,986 $ 2,328,012 31 % King , Peter R N.Y.
No $ 6,709,578 $ 1,271,665 19 % Royce , Edward R. R Calif .
No $ 8,114,893 $ 2,353,853 29 % Lucas , Frank D. R Okla .
No $ 4,267,888 $ 859,878 20 % LaTourette , Steven C. R Ohio No $ 8,637,211 $ 1,196,373 14 % Manzullo , Donald A. R Ill . No $ 7,495,724 $ 1,304,319 17 % Jones , Walter B. R N.C. No $ 6,452,439 $ 961,533 15 % Shays , Christopher R Conn .
No $ 12,760,606 $ 2,876,206 23 % Feeney , Tom R Fla .
No $ 5,705,257 $ 1,260,480 22 % Hensarling , Jeb R Texas No $ 6,284,449 $ 1,950,421 31 % Garrett , Scott R N.J. No $ 5,224,439 $ 996,899 19 % Brown - Waite , Ginny R Fla .
No $ 3,197,019 $ 649,129 20 % Barrett , J. Gresham R S.C. No $ 3,553,083 $ 691,667 19 % Gerlach , Jim R Pa. No $ 9,203,665 $ 1,453,549 16 % Pearce , Steve R N.M. No $ 7,996,707 $ 685,047 9 % Neugebauer , Randy R Texas No $ 5,515,655 $ 1,151,274 21 % Price , Tom R Ga. No $ 5,628,466 $ 796,743 14 % Davis , Geoff R Ky. No $ 9,372,768 $ 1,547,657 17 % McHenry , Patrick T. R N.C. No $ 3,581,370 $ 786,000 22 % Campbell , John R Calif .
No $ 2,993,097 $ 745,635 25 % Putnam , Adam R Fla .
No $ 4,985,933 $ 730,298 15 % Bachmann , Michele R Minn .
No $ 2,176,100 $ 363,705 17 % Roskam , Peter J. R Ill .
No $ 1,806,944 $ 431,766 24 % Marchant , Kenny R Texas No $ 1,921,414 $ 449,813 23 % McCotter , Thaddeus R Minn .
No $ 3,778,990 $ 576,404 15 % McCarthy , Kevin R Calif .
No $ 736,447 $ 173,112 24 % Heller , Dean R Nev. No $ 1,242,583 $ 190,252 15 %
Last week an interesting discussion popped up at Javalobby .
( Yes , really . )
The post was rhetorically asking why we do n’t have a resourced - based GUI framework in Java .
Almost every platform has a visual designer that serializes the GUI to resources ( some XML , some proprietary binaries ) and then attaches it to the controller at runtime .
Apple has had this for years with Interface Builder …
Poor NeXT .
Their greatest innovations have been understandably muddled with those of Apple Computer in the public memory .
It ’s a complicated story but one fact is worth absorbing : Mac OS X is NeXTstep .
Those of us using Macs in the late ’90s will remember this for the rest of our lives , as we watched for several grueling years while Apple made it so .
NeXTstep ’s AppKit library ( now Apple ’s Cocoa ) was the biggest innovation in GUI programming since the GUI itself .
Using Interface Builder you lay out an interface , which is stored in binary resource files that will stay with the application from conception through deployment .
Interface Builder connects interface elements to code “ outlets , ” and is capable of some skeletal code generation ( as a convenience ) .
Anyone who ’s used this tool knows it is the best method available to design a GUI .
It does n’t matter if it ’s a simple interface you do n’t care about or a complicated one that must be perfect : Interface Builder will give you better results in less time .
So I was a little surprised to see some usually - right folks championing the current Swing approach , talking about “ flexibility ” and chasing XML red herrings .
What ?
Imagine the world of desktop applications with Mac ( Cocoa ) apps at one pole and Swing apps at the other .
Need it be said which pole has the best interfaces and which has the worst ?
It ’s easy to be distracted by all the kludgy interface generators some platforms may have had , but a tool that tries to output Java code which arranges a Swing interface is not a resource - based API — it ’s an example of why we need resource based API s .
They are n’t about cheating , or being too dumb to write UI code ; they ’re about being smart and putting reams of interface data into a resource file instead of program code .
Not that I have anything against plain - coded Swing layouts .
For programming students , they ’re straightforward and easy to throw together , an small step up from System.out .
println .
But for better application interfaces , it ’s time to wake up and smell the Cocoa .
Wicket templates are interface resources
There ’s a healthy parallel between resource - mapped GUI s and Web component templating systems like Wicket .
That ’s only natural , since Wicket is inspired by Tapestry , which is inspired by NeXT ’s WebObjects .
( We love WebObjects like a grandfather around here . )
They all go back to AppKit .
In traditional Web programing the graphical interface is determined by program code that ’s interspersed with the layout .
It ’s an inside - out draw function , which is n’t half bad except your application has no state outside of a few global variables ( session objects ) and strings you can manually pass and respond to in its event loop ( request parameters ) .
It ’s not that this method fails to use resources with its graphical API ; it ’s that it has no graphical API in the first place .
But in Wicket the HTML template only determines the layout for components that live in the program code , just as resource files denote at what pixel a button should draw itself in Cocoa .
It ’s simple , elegant , and precise once you ’re used to it , and you ’d no more want to go back to the old way than a Cocoa programmer would switch to Swing .
The only downside is its appetite for memory , a familial trait going back to NeXTstep ’s outrageous ( at the time ) 16 MB minimum .
Descendant graphical API s of NeXTstep ’s AppKit like Cocoa , .
NET ’s , and GTK # have slowly grown to dominate good desktop application programming .
The same shift will eventually happen on the Web : session - stored components bound to HTML templates will overtake request - structured programming .
In letting go of WebObjects Apple has given up on “ their ” idea too soon .
Or perhaps the company is writing a WebObjects do - over with their new BFF Ruby .
And if that happens , well guys , it ’s been fun !
Family Sues Over Boy 's Tonsillectomy
Fire Patient injured during routine surgery -- could it happen to you ?
Sept. 12 , 2008  --
A California family is suing doctors and the makers of a surgical tool after a breathing tube caught fire and injured a boy during a routine tonsillectomy .
As first reported by ABC News affiliate KGO San Francisco , Andrew Garcia , then 8 , suffered extensive burns to his mouth and throat and other injuries after a breathing tube suddenly caught on fire during surgery .
Andrew now has trouble breathing , said his lawyer , Joe Carcione .
For his family , it was a horrifying end to a procedure that was supposed to help Andrew sleep and breathe better .
" I took my son to improve his lifestyle and [ it ] ended up damaging him for life , " Andrew 's father , Paul Garcia , told KGO .
Carcione claims the electrocauterizing device used to perform the surgery is defective and should be banned from operating rooms .
He says that the heated device burned through a breathing tube and ignited the oxygen and anesthesia being sent into the boy 's lungs .
" You 're working with hot devices right next to 100 percent oxygen , " Carcione said .
" It 's the perfect environment for a catastrophe . "
There are about 550 operating room fires each year , according to Mark Bruley , vice president for accident and forensic investigation at the ECRI Institute , a health care research organization .
About 20 to 30 cause serious injury .
The hospital where the surgery was performed has since shut down .
According to KGO , at the time , the hospital apologized to the Garcia family but said proper safety precautions had been taken .
A lawyer for the doctor who performed the surgery declined to comment .
Danger of Oxygen and Breathing Tubes
ConMed , the maker of the device , warns in its operating manual never to perform electrosurgery in an oxygen rich environment .
A company spokesman said in a written statement that the equipment was not defective .
" ConMed Corporation is one of numerous defendants that were sued by Andrew Garcia following an incident that occurred during a tonsillectomy procedure on April 18 , 2003 , " the statement said .
" This incident was investigated both by the California Department of Public Health and by the hospital where the event occurred and ConMed 's equipment was found not defective .
ConMed is defending itself vigorously in the lawsuit . "
The company also filed a motion asking to bar the press from the trial , saying the media attention would prevent it from receiving a fair trial .
Millions of surgeries are performed each year .
According to the ECRI Institute , most surgical fires are caused by electrosurgical equipment .
Dr. Peter Angood , chief patient safety officer at the Joint Commission , a nonprofit that accredits health care organizations , said that while it was impossible to know how many surgical fires take place each year , he thought the number had declined significantly in the last two decades .
Still , he said , it is important to lower the amount of oxygen to the safest amount possible and to make sure to use low voltage in electrical devices .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Shots have been fired at the motorcade of Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani , although it is not clear if he was in the convoy at the time .
Interior ministry officials said the car was on its way to collect Mr Gilani from Islamabad 's airport .
Earlier , his press secretary told the BBC that unidentified gunman fired on Mr Gilani 's car as he was travelling from the airport into the city .
It is not clear who carried out the attack , which is being investigated .
Mr Gilani 's government is grappling with a growing threat from Islamist militants .
This is a cowardly act ...
We have been aware of the threats against [ Mr Gilani ] and our security is always tight
Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik
Pakistan rulers in the cross-hairs
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says militants based in Pakistan 's border regions have threatened to kill various government ministers , and have carried out deadly suicide bombings against army and government targets .
The incident represents a major lapse in security .
In December former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was killed at an election rally in Rawalpindi .
Coalition wrangling
Two bullets hit the window of the armoured vehicle on the driver 's side but did not penetrate the glass and there are no reports of injuries .
" I spoke to the prime minister , and by the grace of God , he is safe and sound , " Pakistan 's Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik said .
" This is a cowardly act ...
We have been aware of the threats against his person and our security is always tight , " he said , but gave no details of whether Mr Gilani was in the car at the time of the attack .
Earlier the PM's press secretary , Zahid Bashir , told the BBC : " The prime minister was coming back from Lahore .
The firing took place on the Islamabad highway .
At this point , we believe the firing was from a small hill on the roadside . "
Officials say another car in the convoy was also hit by several bullets .
There were no reports of injuries .
An apparent assassination attempt so close to the capital has alarmed the government , which has launched a high - level inquiry , our correspondent says .
She says suspicion could fall on the Pakistani Taleban , who may have tried to take revenge for a recent army offensive that killed hundreds of militants .
Another likely suspect is al - Qaeda , the group blamed for assassinating Ms Bhutto , who led the Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) to which Mr Gilani belongs , our correspondent says .
Mr Gilani became prime minister after February 's elections Mr Gilani had been in Lahore to canvass support for Asif Zardari , Ms Bhutto 's widower , ahead of presidential elections on Saturday .
Ms Bhutto had been favourite to win Pakistan 's general elections and become prime minister for a third time before she was killed on 27 December .
The elections were subsequently postponed until February .
Her PPP emerged as the winners and formed a coalition with the PML - N party of another former Prime Minister , Nawaz Sharif .
The coalition broke up amid political acrimony late last month .
The PPP and the PML - N spent much of their time since February arguing over issues such as the power of the presidency and the reinstatement of judges sacked by former President Pervez Musharraf .
During that time the economy has taken a further battering , with the Pakistani rupee falling to an all - time low , while food and fuel prices have risen sharply .
Confident
The recent army operation against Islamist militants has been in the district of Bajaur and is estimated to have displaced up to 300,000 local people .
This week the government said the operation would be suspended during the holy month of Ramadan .
Last year militants grew increasingly confident and carried out a series of attacks in Islamabad and Rawalpindi , the country 's main garrison town .
And last month a double suicide attack at a munitions factory in the town of Wah in Punjab province left nearly 70 people dead .
The loose alliance of militants that calls itself the Pakistan Taleban claimed responsibility for the Wah incident , the heaviest attack on a military installation by a militant group in the country 's history .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Sign Up
Fan mail should be sent to the address below .
Please include a self - addressed A5 envelope with appropriate postage if requesting signed photos .
Thankyou !
Rick Astley Mail , PO Box 7174 , London , W1A 8BL
Came across this picture , which appears in Paul Begala ’s book , Third Term : Why George W. Bush ( Hearts ) John McCain .
These two are inextricably linked .
I do n’t think McCain wants to quit Bush .
McCain married into a lot of money , you know , after he dumped his first wife for Cindy .
Actually , he was still married to his first wife when he started dating the young beer heiress .
Money clearly matters to McCain .
He sticks with Bush for the money , too .
New Concentrated Solar Tech : Simple , Cheap and Efficient
September 4th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Morgan Solar , a Toronto - based company launched last summer , believes it has the answer to creating simple and cheap solar concentrators .
While other companies are working to make solar cheaper by using mirrors or lenses to magnify sunlight that is directed into solar cells , Morgan Solar takes a different approach .
Their system uses a thin sheet of acrylic to concentrate sunlight 750 times .
The sunlight is directed to a tiny cell on the edge of the plastic , greatly reducing the amount of material needed .
Though Morgan Solar has competitors in the concentrated solar field , the company claims that their design is more efficient and less likely to break than other systems .
And since their product requires so few materials — just aluminum , acrylic , and PV — it will be four times cheaper than other concentrated solar technologies .
Of course , Morgan Solar ’s design is sure to draw comparisons to MIT ’s announcement in July of a new technology that uses organic dyes to concentrate solar .
But Morgan Solar claims that their optics are even more efficient .
We ’ll find out whether the companies impressive claims are true in short order — a 1 meter by 1 meter prototype panel is currently being installed at the Earth Rangers Center in Toronto .
The panel will begin producing electricity at the end of the month .
If Morgan Solar ’s panels work as planned , concentrated solar may become a viable technology for countries that ca n’t afford the expensive systems available today .
Posts Related to Solar Tech :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
For the most up - to - date information on state budget shortfalls , please view our newer analysis : " State Budget Problems Worsen : 13 States Face New Shortfalls "
At least 29 states plus the District of Columbia , including several of the nation ’s largest states , faced an estimated $ 48 billion in combined shortfalls in their budgets for fiscal year 2009 ( which began July 1 , 2008 in most states . )
At least three other states expect budget problems in fiscal year 2010 .
In general , states closed these budget gaps through some combination of spending cuts , use of reserves or revenue increases when they adopted a fiscal year 2009 budget .
At this point in the year , most states have already adopted those budgets ; only two states — California and Michigan — continue to deliberate .
[ 1 ]
In order to present a complete picture of the impact of the current economic downturn on state finances , we report both the gaps that have been closed and those that will be closed in the future .
The bursting of the housing bubble has reduced state sales tax revenue collections from sales of furniture , appliances , construction materials , and the like .
Weakening consumption of other products has also cut into sales tax revenues .
Property tax revenues have also been affected , and local governments will be looking to states to help address the squeeze on local and education budgets .
And if the employment situation continues to deteriorate , income tax revenues will weaken and there will be further downward pressure on sales tax revenues as consumers become reluctant or unable to spend .
The vast majority of states cannot run a deficit or borrow to cover their operating expenditures .
As a result , states have three primary actions they can take during a fiscal crisis : they can draw down available reserves , they can cut expenditures , or they can raise taxes .
States already have begun drawing down reserves ; the remaining reserves are not sufficient to allow states to weather a significant downturn or recession .
The other alternatives — spending cuts and tax increases — can further slow a state ’s economy during a downturn and contribute to the further slowing of the national economy , as well .
‘ Demons ’ used to explain mental illness
Dr Hari D Maharajh , senior lecturer in psychiatry in the department of Clinical Medicine , University of the West Indies , St Augustine , said at a mental health seminar on the weekend , that some religious leaders of the Muslim , Hindu and Christian faiths wrongly advise their followers that their mental problems were the result of demons .
The mental health seminar was hosted by the South - West Regional Health Authority ( SWRHA ) at the Naparima Bowl .
Admitting that his presentation would be controversial , the psychiatrist spoke on the topic - “ Insanity in the Trinidadian society . ”
Saying he was not “ bashing religion ” , Maharajh said that too many religious leaders were advising followers that psychological problems were as a result of “ demonic activity ” and other supernatural entities .
He cited a case where a young woman had been told by a minister of religion that she had been possessed by 13 demons which had to be “ cast out ” from her body , however only 12 were successfully exorcised and when the minister was unable to cast out the final “ spirit ” , the young woman was referred to him ( Dr Maharajh ) .
He diagnosed her as suffering from a mental illness and after a course of treatment , she was cured .
In another instance , he said , a young woman was denied access to medical treatment by relatives who instead believed that the woman would be “ resurrected ” by her deceased grandmother .
The young woman died and her body lay at her home for four days until neighbours complained about a foul smell and alerted the police who discovered the remains .
“ Religion is being abused in Trinidad and Tobago and is instead being used for personal gain , ” Maharajh said ; adding that certain foreign medical doctors were now “ preaching ” to their patients and sporting the fruits of their preaching - fancy new cars and large houses .
“ What is the difference between a priest and an obeah man ?
A priest deals with white magic and the obeah man deals with black magic ... so there is no difference , ” he said .
Dr Maharajh questioned the degree of funding which was being given to the sector from the Ministry of Health ’s budget and observed that the San Fernando General Hospital ’s , ( SFGH ) Ward One facility , which treats patients with mental illnesses , was in a state of disrepair .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
For past few days there is a big debate has exploded over on Apple Matters , about Media Center and Front Row .
Thomas Hawk who is an unabashed Windows Media Center Fanboy takes Mac - faithful to task and writes , “ Yes , they created a product for the legions of Apple fanboys to blindly buy , but the smart consumer is better capable of doing a comparison than Jobs might give them credit for . ? ”
Today Charlie Owen , one of the members of Windows XP Media Center development team has joined the debate on his blog , and writes ..
Steve Jobs comparing the Apple remote control with the Media Center remote control was nothing but sheer marketing brilliance .
It ’s totally not about which remote control is better .
Not at all .
By making this comparison , Steve Jobs gave the illusion the two products were on equal footing EXCEPT for the remote .
As the debate continues , I would like to chime in with a few things … .
What Steve Jobs has done , and what Microsoft has not done .
I have a HP Media Center at home , and I have spent countless weekends trying to make the beast work with the Comcast set - top box .
The biggest problem is the smallest feature really – the damn IR Blaster – refuses to play nice .
It fails every single time .
I have done my darnest , but nothing .
That my friends is the critical point – that ease of use is what Microsoft did not think about .
I like the Media Center interface – its pretty much the best UI Microsoft has been able to come - up with despite their blue - and - green restrictions .
( I thought that it would kill TiVo , but boy was I wrong .
TiVo did it themselves ! )
I have left the box in the A/V system , hooked it up to a Olevia 32 inch LCD TV via DVI interface and I use it to check out cool stuff available via the Media Center services .
I am using all its features except the PVR .
There were same IR issues with TiVo as well .
This part of the set - up was painless and a no brainer .
I think this is where Microsoft lost the plot , and did too much with the platform , which was truly made for early - early adopters .
They should have seeded the market with a simpler product .
They could have convinced a lot of people to start using their platform , because it was a virgin market they could have simply owned .
Microsoft in my opinion , overreached .
Apple ’s iPod success shows that its not being the first , or being the one with the greatest number of features that translates into market share .
Instead it is helping millions of consumers ease into the digital lifestyle that is the key .
Front Row is exactly that :
It is simple , and eases you into this whole convergence thing .
I am pretty sure they will add more features in coming months to this software .
It is actually a very clever move on Apple ’s part .
It is clearly a placeholder , and a move that shows , they are throwing their hat in the ring .
They are betting that in next 12 - to - 24 months the downloadable video market is going to gain strength , and they want people to think about the FrontRow as an option as well .
By the time Broadband - over - Video market takes off ( my guess is towards end of 2006 ) , Apple will have a more complete offering .
So what should Microsoft do ?
Two things .
First release a Media Center XP Lite .
Free .
Basically help turn most of the newer PCs into simple devices for aggregating photos , watching DVDs , streaming music and playing back downloadable videos .
They have the PC market share to make this happen .
I think as Video over Broadband ( or TV - over - IP ) takes off , Media Center XP should shine , as it has support of many of the newer services like MTV Overdrive and BrightCove .
Secondly , they should buy Akimbo .
Use Akimbo ’s content relationships and thus enhancing the value of their platform .
If Microsoft sticks to “ less is more ” principle , then they could go toe - to - toe with Apple in this market .
PS : If you have a Media Center related plug - in / service , do let me know .
I would love to review it !
